Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Zulfikar bin Mustaffah  
[2000] SGHC 224

Case Number | : | CC 64/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 November 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  David Khoo and Mohamed Nasser Ismail [Attorney-General's Chambers] for the prosecution; S S Dhillon [Dhillon Dendroff & Partners] (briefed) with Zero Nalpon [Nalpon & Company] (assigned) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Zulfikar bin Mustaffah   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Decision**

1\. The accused is an unemployed man aged 31. He was charged with possession
of 72.58g (nett) of diamorphine for the purposes of trafficking. The arrest
took place at 6.45pm on 4 April 2000 at the 9th floor of Blk 701, Yishun
Avenue 5. The four arresting officers were ASP Soh Thiam Loon, Sgt Ace Yap
Choon Boon, Cpl Matthew Tan Chun Kiat and Cpl Jasper Teo Chee Hock.

2\. The officers had been lying in wait on the 12th floor. At 6.45pm they
received instructions to proceed to the 9th floor and arrest the suspect
there. Cpl Matthew Tan was the first to reach the 9th floor followed by ASP
Soh, Sgt Yap and then Cpl Teo They were one behind the other, walking down the
staircase. Cpl Matthew Tan was the first officer to see the accused who was
facing the wall with his back to the staircase and the approaching officers.
He was pre-occupied in conversation through his handphone. He was holding a
plastic bag (P22) with his other hand.

3\. Cpl Matthew Tan announced the arrival of the officers by shouting "CNB".
He testified that the accused, who had been talking on the handphone, and
looking in all directions as if looking for someone, dropped the plastic bag
and the handphone and attempted to run. He was quickly caught and pinned to
the ground. The arresting officers all testified that the accused put up a
struggle and refused to be handcuffed. Mr Dhillon, counsel for the accused
made an issue of the word "violent". He disputed the evidence that the accused
was caught after running and thereafter put up a violent struggle.

4\. It was, however, not disputed that the accused was not shown the contents
of P22 from the arrest until 9.10pm when the seized plastic bag (P22) and its
contents (the diamorphine) were photographed at the CNB headquarters. The
defence case was that the diamorphine were wrapped in newspapers and further
covered by another layer of plastics so that the accused did not know what it
was that he was carrying.

5\. The accused was charged, and the caution under s 122(6) of the Criminal
Procedure Code read to him at 11.30pm. He responded by stating that "I have
nothing to say". A series of further statements were recorded from him three
days later. None of the statements were challenged and, in fact, admitted by
the defence as defence exhibits.

6\. No submission was made at the close of the prosecution case. On the
evidence that the accused was caught holding the drugs, and the presumption of
trafficking under the Misuse of Drugs Act, the accused was called upon to make
his defence. He elected to give evidence.

7\. The accused testified that on 3 April 2000, the eve of his arrest, he went
alone to the "Europa" pub for a drink or two. There a Chinese man called out
his name and introduced himself as "Ah Boy". The accused thought that he had
met "Ah Boy" before but cannot recall where they had met. "Ah Boy" and the
accused chatted and "Ah Boy" offered to find the accused a job, but the
accused never thought that it was a serious offer. "Ah Boy" asked for the
accused’s telephone number which he gave.

8\. The accused drank till he was drunk and found himself at a nearby beach
the next morning. It was about 10am. He received a call from "Ah Boy" shortly
after that who said that he had a job for the accused. He gave the accused a
telephone number (93547663) and told him to go to Sengkang. He instructed the
accused to meet at the Rivervale Primary School at 3.30pm. The accused went
there by taxi and waited infront of the school at the appointed time. A
Chinese man approached him and mentioned "Ah Boy’s" name, but the accused had
never seen this man before. The man handed him a plastic bag, saying that it
was "Ah Boy’s" bag. The man left after saying that "Ah Boy" will call the
accused later. The accused looked into the plastic bag and saw some bundles.
He put his hand into the bag and counted five bundles. Five minutes later the
accused received a call from "Ah Boy" instructing him to call the telephone
number given to him earlier on. The accused called but it was engaged. The
accused then walked towards a nearby block of flats and waited. At 5pm "Ah
Boy" telephoned him and asked if he had carried out his earlier instructions.
When the accused reported his unsuccessful attempts to do so, "Ah Boy" gave
him another number. The accused called the said second number but a male voice
answered saying it was a wrong number and hung up. This call was repeated with
the same result.

9\. The accused then decided to try his luck with the first number. This time
he got through and a male voice answered, and instructed him to go to Block
701, Yishun Avenue 5. The accused went to Yishun by taxi. While in the taxi he
called the second telephone number a couple of times and each time he was told
it was the wrong number. Then "Ah Boy" telephoned the accused just as he
arrived at Yishun. "Ah Boy" instructed the accused to put the plastic bag into
a dustbin and call the first telephone number.

10\. The accused testified that he saw only one dustbin and so he placed the
bag in that one. Then he called the first telephone number and asked the man
to collect the bag. He refused. The accused said that he would call back, and
then walked to the block opposite block 701, and waited for "Ah Boy" to call
but he did not. About five or ten minutes later the accused called the first
telephone number again. He said that he wanted the man to collect the plastic
bag because it was getting late (about 6pm) and he wanted to meet his girl
friend. The man refused and instead, instructed the accused to send the
plastic bag to the 9th floor. The accused retrieved the bag from the dust bin
and went up to the 9th floor (of block 701) where he was arrested.

11\. The defence of the accused was that he did not know what was in the
plastic bag and had no opportunity to inspect its contents. He relied on the
fact that no other drugs were found on him or his home, and no drug
trafficking or consumption paraphernalia were seized from him. He had two
bundles of money, namely S$2,240 in ten-dollar notes, and S$2,650 in fifty-
dollar notes. He explained that he won about S$3,000 in a lottery. He gave the
winning number to the investigating officer who verified that that was indeed
a second prize winner. The accused said that after that he used S$350 from the
winnings to bet, this time with illegal bookies, and won another S$1,000. Mr
Dhillon submitted that this explained the presence of the large sums of money
found on the accused. Mr Khoo urged me to find that the moneys were proceeds
from drug trafficking activities. On this point, I am prepared to give the
accused the benefit of doubt even though I am not entirely satisfied with his
account of how he came into such large sums of money given his financial and
job records. Mr Dhillon also submitted that the testimony of the accused in
court was the same as his four statements given to the investigating officer,
and ought, therefore, to be accepted as being consistent. The accused also
explained that when he said "I have nothing to say" in his s 122(6) statement,
he meant that he had no connection whatsoever with the drugs and did not know
what happened. It is fair to say that the statements of the accused have been
consistent with each other and with his testimony in court, but it is a long
way from saying that they have sufficiently rebutted the presumption.
Consistency is a pre-requisite not the synonym for reliability.

12\. The thrust of the defence was that it is unsafe to convict a man on a
capital charge of trafficking in drugs when the only evidence of the
prosecution consists only of the fact that the accused was arrested with the
drugs in his physical possession. Counsel submitted that there is no evidence
to rebut the accused’s testimony that he had no knowledge that the plastic bag
he carried contained drugs.

13\. The law applicable to this case is straightforward. S 5(2) of the Misuse
of Drugs Act, Cap 185 defines the offence of trafficking to include a person
who "has in his possession that drug for the purposes of trafficking". Once a
person is proved to have more than 2g of diamorphine in his possession, he is
presumed by s 17 of the Act, to be in possession for the purposes of
trafficking. Once the presumption applies, the onus shifts to the accused to
persuade the court on a balance of probabilities that the drugs were not meant
for trafficking. The initial burden lies with the prosecution in proving
possession. In this case, Mr Dhillon submitted that possession was not proved
because there was no evidence to contradict his client’s assertion that he did
not know that the contents of the plastic bag he carried were diamorphine.

14\. "Possession" in s 5 implies possession with knowledge. Thus, for example,
if a person purchases a box of candy but was given a box of diamorphine by
mistake it cannot be said that he is in possession of the diamorphine within
the meaning of s 5(1). What happens after that is a question of fact. If he
had a reasonable opportunity to examine the box but did not do so, his
continued physical possession may be found to be possession within the meaning
of s 5(1). He can, of course, adduce evidence to show that although he had the
opportunity to examine it (because, say, the box was kept by him for a week),
he did not do so because he kept it in his refrigerator immediately upon
reaching home and had forgotten about it. It is purely factual and whether he
succeeds depends on whether his evidence is accepted.

15\. In the present case, Mr Dhillon urged me to consider that the accused was
in possession of the plastic bag for only three hours. Time is only time. The
more relevant question is, what was he doing with the plastic bag over the
three hours? The accused gained possession of the drugs in the bag, not by a
purchase of what he thought to be something innocuous; not by an innocent or
chance finding in circumstances that do not give rise to suspicion; but from a
person he hardly knew, and for no clearly defined purpose other than mere
delivery. The unusual and suspicious nature of the way the bag was given to
him and the instructions which he had to follow are not in doubt. The accused
himself admitted that at some point he felt "something amiss" about it all. He
had seen that the bag contained packed bundles which he counted to be five in
total. He obeyed the instructions of a virtual stranger and carried the bag
from Sengkang to Yishun. By the same token, it is inexplicable that "Ah Boy"
would entrust the large consignment of drugs to a person he hardly knew. He
deposited the bag in a public waste bin, and then retrieved it to bring it to
the 9th floor of a block of flats. Not only do I find the instructions of his
contact person to be suspicious, but his own very conduct itself was
suspicious. In such circumstances, the accused cannot say that he had neither
opportunity nor reason to find out what he was carrying. If he was unable to
find out, his only recourse was to abandon the bag. The accused claimed that
although he spoke to "Ah Boy" a couple of times over the handphone he could
not ask what the bag contained because "Ah Boy" kept hanging up on him. I find
this unacceptable. Only a person with an extremely simple mind would have been
led around in the way described by the accused. Any reasonable person would
have enquired from "Ah Boy" what it was that he was asked to carry, and what
remuneration was in store for that service. No evidence whatsoever in this
regard was adduced and the accused did not appear to me as a simple-minded
person. I am satisfied that the prosecution had proved that the accused was in
possession of a bag of drugs within the meaning of s 5(2).

16\. The burden thus shifted to the accused to persuade me that he had no
intention to traffick. The evidence that the accused relied on to rebut the
presumption was essentially the same evidence he used to refute knowledge. He
asserted that his only intention was to hand the bag to the mysterious caller
from handphone number 93547663. But, by this assertion, he only affirms the
act of trafficking. Thus, having failed to persuade me that he had no reason
or opportunity to check the contents of the plastic bag, his defence failed
entirely.

17\. Assessing the story and the story-teller, I form the view that the
presumption of trafficking has not been rebutted. I am, therefore, satisfied
that the prosecution had proved its case beyond reasonable doubt and the
accused was accordingly convicted as charged.

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Nov 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

