Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Sew Hoi v Chong Chwee Hin  
[2000] SGHC 225

Case Number | : | Suit 108/2000/W  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 November 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wong Kin Meng (Wong Kin Meng & Co) for the plaintiff; Defendant in person   
Parties | : |  Ng Sew Hoi — Chong Chwee Hin   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

_**Cur Adv Vult**_

1\. In this action, Mdm Ng Sew Hoi (‘Mdm Ng’) is the plaintiff and Chong Chwee
Hin (‘Chong’) is the defendant although Chong has counterclaims for various
sums of money.

2\. Mdm Ng is claiming $632,688 being the aggregate of six loans she says she
made to Chong between 1995 and 1997. Chong is counter-claiming (a) $1.12
million being monies which he says he contributed to the purchase of a
property known as 202A Lornie Road and (b) $81,868 (not $87,868) being the
aggregate of three loans he says he made to Mdm Ng in 1993, 1999 and 2000.

3\. I refer to my judgment in Suit 15 of 2000/G (‘Suit 15’) for the background
facts as well as my findings of facts. The definitions used in Suit 15 will
also apply in this judgment.

_**CHONG’S COUNTERCLAIM FOR $1.12 MILLION**_

4\. Chong claimed that he and Mdm Ng had agreed to buy a piece of land in
Lornie Road on which a house was to be built. Its present address is 202A
Lornie Road. Chong claimed that they both agreed to buy 202A Lornie Road after
the sale of 107 Bukit Teresa Road and that the surplus from the sale of 107
Bukit Teresa Road, which was owned by both Mdm Ng and him, was used by Mdm Ng
to pay part of the purchase price of 202A Lornie Road. He claimed that it was
agreed that each of them would have a half share in 202A Lornie Road.

5\. He also said that that is why he agreed to be a co-borrower of a loan
initially from Tat Lee Bank Limited (‘Tat Lee Bank’) and subsequently from
Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (‘OCBC’) to fund the purchase of
the land and the construction costs of the house.

6\. He also claimed to have made substantial payments towards reducing the
loans.

7\. The purchase of 202A Lornie Road was presumably completed within a few
months after 21 April 1993 as the contract between the original purchaser and
Mdm Ng was dated 21 April 1993 (see AB 124). The transfer of 202A Lornie Road
was registered in Mdm Ng’s name only. Chong did not dispute that he had signed
a mortgage to Tat Lee Bank (presumably after 21 April 1993) in which he is
stated as a co-borrower but not as a co-mortgagor and likewise for a mortgage
to OCBC which is dated 27 March 1995 (see AB 149). However his position was
that he did not realise that the property was registered in Mdm Ng’s name
only.

8\. He further said that it was only in 1995 or 1996 that he first learned
from a lady solicitor at M/s Timothy Ong, Lim & Partners that 202A Lornie Road
was purchased in Mdm Ng’s name only (see his AEIC paragraph 13). However, he
could not remember the name of the lady solicitor (NE 27F to 28A).

9\. He said he was shocked at the discovery but he was advised by a friend not
to report the matter to the police (see his AEIC paragraph 13).

10\. In cross-examination, he said he had asked an auditor about the matter
who told him not to pursue the matter any more since he and Mdm Ng were
husband and wife and the children were growing up. He claimed that he did
speak to Mdm Ng as to why his name was not included as a co-owner but she had
kept quiet (NE 28B).

11\. Mdm Ng denied that she had agreed with Chong to buy 202A Lornie Road
together ie. she denied that each would have an equal share in the property.

12\. She claimed that she had asked Chong to be a co-borrower to assist her to
obtain the loan from Tat Lee Bank because she did not have a sufficient track
record as all profits of KSGS were, until 1 July 1992, declared under Chong’s
name for tax purposes. Tat Lee Bank suggested to her that she should get a co-
borrower to obtain the loan (see her AEIC paragraph 9).

13\. Accordingly she spoke to Chong and informed him that she would be
responsible for all payments for the property and Chong allegedly did not mind
since he would not make any payment and the children would be staying in this
property eventually (see her AEIC paragraph 10).

14\. It was for this reason that Chong became the co-borrower of the loan from
Tat Lee Bank and subsequently for the loan from OCBC.

15\. Mdm Ng also denied that Chong’s share of the surplus from the sale of 107
Bukit Teresa Road was used to partially pay the purchase price of 202A Lornie
Road or that he had contributed towards reducing the loans from the banks for
202A Lornie Road.

16\. Timothy Ong also gave evidence to the effect that he had explained to
Chong the mortgage signed by Chong as co-borrower and not as co-mortgagor.

17\. I will first have to determine whether Chong’s share of the surplus from
the sale of 107 Bukit Teresa Road was used to pay for 202A Lornie Road. Then I
will have to determine whether Chong made any payment to reduce the loans from
Tat Lee Bank or OCBC for 202A Lornie Road.

18\. On 21 August 1990, Chong and Mdm Ng granted an option to someone else to
purchase 107 Bukit Teresa Road for $1.2 million. The sale was completed on 22
November 1990. Chong and Mdm Ng were represented by different solicitors for
the sale.

19\. Mdm Ng said that the surplus from the sale was $395,000. On the other
hand, Chong’s position vacillated. He said in his AEIC for Suit 108 at
paragraph 9 that the surplus was $450,000. While he cross-examined Mdm Ng in
Suit 15, he suggested that it was $550,000 (NE 87E).

20\. Then when Chong was cross-examined in Suit 108, he said that the surplus
was about $395,000 (NE 24A in Suit 108). When it was pointed out to him that
this contradicted his AEIC paragraph 9 for Suit 108, he said that Mdm Ng had
told him that certain sums had to be used from the surplus to pay maintenance
leaving a balance of $395,000 (NE 24A in Suit 108).

21\. Mdm Ng referred to two fixed deposit receipts issued by Tat Lee Bank
Limited (‘Tat Lee Bank’) in favour of both Chong and her. The first was No
241487 dated 23 November 1990 for $280,000. The second was No 241491 dated 27
November 1990 for $115,000. They added up to $395,000. Her position was that
this was the surplus from the sale of 107 Bukit Teresa Road.

22\. The dates of these receipts are soon after the completion of sale on 22
November 1990.

23\. Furthermore, I note from a letter dated 22 November 1990 from M/s Judy
Loke & Co (Chong’s solicitors), to M/s Lim & Lim (Tat Lee Bank’s solicitors)
that they had forwarded payment to Tat Lee Bank of $1,080,218.40 to discharge
the mortgage and instructed that the balance of $295,474.06 be paid into a
fixed deposit account in the joint names of Chong and Ng.

24\. The letter is found in AB 69 (in Suit 108). This must have been the
source of the first fixed deposit of $280,000 on 23 November 1990. The balance
of $14,474.06 was withdrawn by cheque also on 23 November 1990 (see the
Statement of Account in AB 98 of Suit 108). There is no evidence before me as
to who withdrew this sum and the purpose for it, but it may have been used to
pay the housing agent’s commission of $12,000. Legal fees would also have to
be paid.

25\. I also note that there was an initial 10% payment of $120,000 from the
sale which was held by M/s Judy Loke & Co as stakeholders pending completion.
This sum was apparently held on fixed deposit and its maturity date was 25
November 1990 (see AB 58 of Suit 108). It must then have been the source of
the second fixed deposit of $115,000 on 27 November 1990.

26\. The difference of $5,000 was held by M/s Judy Loke & Co to meet a
possible property tax liability (see AB 48 and 49 in Suit 108). It is not
known what happened to this $5,000.

27\. The surplus from the sale was therefore slightly more than $395,000 but
did not amount to $450,000 or $550,000 as Chong had contended. In any event,
$395,000 was the aggregate sum placed in the two fixed deposits which were
held in the joint names of Chong and Mdm Ng.

28\. Mdm Ng said that the fixed deposits were for one year and she maintained
this even though the two receipts were for one month each. She said that the
interest rate then for one month was higher than for one year and implied that
that was the reason why the fixed deposits were of one month duration.

29\. She said that eventually the monies were withdrawn by both Chong and her
in cash and they shared it equally. As Chong needed cash then, she did not
insist that his share be used to pay outstanding maintenance. She said that
the fixed deposits could only be withdrawn by both of them and she could not
have taken the monies unilaterally without Chong’s knowledge.

30\. Chong denied that he had received half of the $395,000 (with interest).
He said that Mdm Ng had taken all the surplus without his consent and used the
monies to pay for 202A Lornie Road which was registered in her name.

31\. In his Closing Statement (for Suit 108) Chong relied on two letters.

32\. By a letter dated 20 April 1990, Mdm Ng’s solicitors wrote to Chong’s
solicitors to state:

> ‘Dear Sirs
>
> _
>
> RE: 107 BUKIT TERESA ROAD, SINGAPORE
>
> _
>
> We refer to the telephone conversation the writer had with you last week. As
> your client knows, there is a sum of about S$725,000-00 due to the Tat Lee
> Bank by way of overdraft facilities to both your client and ours.
>
> We understand that the interest on the said sum has not been paid for the
> past 4-6 months and there is every possibility that the bank may forclose on
> the said property. Our client wants a house to live in together with her
> children. If your client agrees, our client (_sic_) propose that the above
> house be sold (there is presently a buyer for S$1.15 million) and the
> balance of the sale proceeds after paying the Bank, be used to buy a smaller
> place.
>
> Can you please take your client’s instructions on an urgent basis.’

33\. Chong’s solicitors replied by letter dated 3 May 1990 stating:

> ‘Dear Sirs
>
> _
>
> RE: 107 Bukit Teresa Road, S’pore
>
> _
>
> We refer to your letter dated 20th April 1990.
>
> We are instructed by our client that he agrees to have the above property
> sold and that he is presently looking for a buyer.
>
> We are further instructed by our client that the new premises will be in our
> respective clients joint names. Our client would also want to inspect the
> premises before it is purchased.’

34\. However, these two letters were not the only correspondence between the
solicitors. For example, there was another letter dated 21 August 1990 from
Mdm Ng’s solicitors to Chong’s solicitors. It reads:

> ‘Dear Sirs
>
> _
>
> RE: SALE OF 107 BUKIT TERESA ROAD, SINGAPORE
>
> _
>
> Our client instructs us that your client had last Thursday informed a mutual
> friend "Yeow Koon" that he would pay one-half of the balance of the proceeds
> of sale to our client and use his half share to purchase an apartment (in
> his name) for the residence of the children and our client (the latter for
> the duration of her life) and make up the shortfall should his share be
> insufficient to buy the apartment.
>
> Our client is worried about not having a roof over her head and that of her
> children apologises for this delay.
>
> Can you please confirm?’

35\. Using Chong’s approach, this letter would in turn suggest that when Chong
subsequently bought a residential unit #16-02 in Beauty World Centre in his
own name for the residence of Mdm Ng and the children, he had used his share
of the surplus to help him make that purchase.

36\. In any event, the three letters I have referred to must be considered in
the context of the overall correspondence between the solicitors of Chong and
of Mdm Ng prior to and during the sale and after the sale was completed ie.
between July 1990 to 22 November 1990. The correspondence produced for the
trial showed that Chong and Mdm Ng eventually wanted the surplus to be paid
into a joint account, whether it be a fixed deposit or otherwise (see AB 1, 2,
3, 4, 10, 11, 21, 22 to 23, 24 to 25, 26, 27, 28, 34, 48, 49, 58, 69 and 70),
so that neither could withdraw it unilaterally. That is how the surplus came
to be deposited into fixed deposits in their joint names with Tat Lee Bank.

37\. I also note that as regards what had happened to the surplus, Chong
appeared to be taking a different position in his cross-examination of Mdm Ng
(at NE 81F and 83A). He suggested to her that she had used some of the surplus
to pay for rent in a property she was residing in.

38\. There was no evidence before me that either Chong or Mdm Ng could
withdraw the surplus unilaterally and indeed, as I have said, the evidence was
to the contrary.

39\. I find that the $395,000 was withdrawn by and shared between Chong and
Mdm Ng equally.

40\. Accordingly, I find that Chong’s share of the surplus from the sale of
107 Bukit Teresa Road was not used by Mdm Ng to buy 202A Lornie Road.

41\. I also find Chong’s evidence that he had made substantial payments
towards reducing the loans for 202A Lornie Road to be unreliable.

42\. In Chong’s AEIC at paragraph 10, he said that he had paid another
$900,000 by 1995 to Tat Lee Bank and OCBC for 202A Lornie Road. In paragraph
13, he said that by 1995 or 1996 he had already paid $1.12 million for the
property. It was not clear whether this sum was in addition to the alleged use
of his share of the surplus from the sale of 107 Bukit Teresa Road or not.

43\. Then in cross-examination at NE 11C, he said he had paid $432,000 as
interest to OCBC.

44\. At NE 25D he said that up till 1995 he had paid more than a million
dollars to Tat Lee Bank and OCBC for the mortgages on 202A Lornie Road.

45\. Then at NE 26B, he said that it was less than $1 million as he had taken
into account payments made for the loan to buy 107 Bukit Teresa Road. At NE
26D, he said that it was $900,000.

46\. However he was unable to say how much of the $900,000 was paid by him to
Tat Lee Bank and how much to OCBC for the loans regarding 202A Lornie Road.

47\. He had also suggested that he was the only one who made payments to
reduce the loans by the banks for 202A Lornie Road (see his AEIC paragraph
10). However in cross-examination, he said that both he and Mdm Ng had made
payments (NE 33C).

48\. As it turned out, the mortgage to OCBC was discharged in December 1998 by
Mdm Ng and Chong did not even know about the discharge. He also accepted that
he did not pay any monies to obtain the discharge (NE 32F to 33A).

49\. It was submitted for Mdm Ng that if, as Chong alleged, the purpose of his
withdrawing from KSGS in July 1992, was due to Mdm Ng’s concern that his
assets should be put out of reach of his creditors, then Mdm Ng would not have
wanted to purchase 202A Lornie Road in their joint names, bearing in mind that
the purchase was in April 1993, not long after Chong had ‘agreed’ to withdraw
from KSGS in July 1992\. I agree with this submission.

50\. Furthermore, Chong had said that in 1995 or 1996 he had learned that he
was not registered as a co-owner of 202A Lornie Road and he was shocked. He
also said that later in 1996 he had learned that Mdm Ng had commenced divorce
proceedings against him in which he did not engage solicitors to represent him
(see his AEIC paragraphs 13 and 14).

51\. He initially said that his reason for not engaging solicitors to
represent him in the divorce proceedings was that he did not know that Mdm Ng
would divorce him (see NE 29B). This was a nonsensical reason because she had
initiated the divorce proceedings. He then said (at NE 29C) that he and Mdm Ng
were still co-operating in the goldsmith business and he did not engage
solicitors as he thought they could still be friends and he did not want
others to know about the divorce. He said that in 1995 he had bought an
apartment (presumably #16-02) in Beauty World Centre for Mdm Ng and the
children to stay, although he did not elaborate whether this was before or
after he had discovered that he was not registered as a co-owner of 202A
Lornie Road.

52\. I do not accept Chong’s reasons. He should have engaged solicitors or at
the least raised 202A Lornie Road as an issue in the divorce proceedings if he
genuinely believed that he should have been registered as a co-owner of that
property.

53\. It was up to Chong to decide whether to claim a half share in 202A Lornie
Road when he supposedly learnt about Mdm Ng’s breach or when she commenced
divorce proceedings against him. By his own admission, he chose not to do so.

54\. The Division Order, made on 12 June 1996 in the divorce proceedings ie.
Divorce Petition No 174 of 1996, which Chong consented to, provided for each
party to transfer his/her interest in certain properties to the other. There
was no mention of 202A Lornie Road.

55\. Furthermore, paragraph 4 of the Division Order states that, ‘Neither
party shall have any claim against the other for any interest in any property
of the other’.

56\. I would refer to three other points.

57\. First, I note that although Chong had alleged in his Defence and
Counterclaim that he and Mdm Ng had agreed that each would have a half share
in 202A Lornie Road and that pursuant to that agreement, he had contributed
$1.12 million towards payment for the property and the repayment of the loans
from the two banks, he was not, in his pleading, claiming a half share of 202A
Lornie Road but repayment of $1.12 million. Hence, the relief sought was
contrary to the basis for the counterclaim. Perhaps this was because Chong did
not know that the loan from OCBC had been fully repaid.

58\. Secondly, in OCBC’s facility letter to both Mdm Ng and Chong dated 7
January 1995, paragraph 4 thereof states that the credit facility is to be
secured against an all monies open mortgage on the property registered in the
name of Mdm Ng and Chong. This letter was accepted by both Mdm Ng and Chong.

59\. Chong sought to make something out of this in his AEIC at paragraph 8 but
did not question Mdm Ng on this when she was on the witness stand.

60\. I am of the view that the reference in OCBC’s facility letter dated 7
January 1995 to the property being registered in both names was a mistake by
OCBC. The property had already been registered sometime in 1993 in Mdm Ng’s
sole name when the initial loan from Tat Lee Bank was given. I also find that
Mdm Ng must have accepted OCBC’s facility letter without realising the mistake
and so did Chong.

61\. Thirdly, Chong referred to another facility letter from OCBC dated 24
November 1997 to Mdm Ng and Chong to increase the facility by $900,000 (before
the mortgage was discharged in December 1998). This was apparently accepted by
Mdm Ng and Chong but Chong said that his signature thereon was forged. Mdm Ng
denied she had forged his signature.

62\. I do not think this allegation of forgery was material because it was not
alleged by Chong that Mdm Ng had sought his help to pay the increased sum lent
or that OCBC had actually looked to him to pay it. As I have already
mentioned, the mortgage was eventually discharged by Mdm Ng.

63\. At most, Chong was trying to use this point, if the forgery had been
proved, to show that Mdm Ng was not an honest person.

64\. It is not necessary for me to make a finding about the allegation of this
forgery as I find that the evidence, viewed as a whole, falls far short of
establishing Chong’s counterclaim for the $1.12 million

_**MDM NG’S CLAIM FOR $632,688**_

65\. The $632,688 was allegedly lent by Mdm Ng in various sums on various
dates for which Chong issued a cash cheque to Mdm Ng to repay each loan. For
convenience, I have tabulated the alleged loans and the cheques issued by
Chong:

> **Date of alleged loan by Mdm Ng** | **Alleged Amount** | **Chong’s cheques for alleged repayment** | **Initially dated or not** | **Amount**  
> ---|---|---|---|---  
> On or about 21/08/95 | $162,000.00 | Maybank No. 925275 | Undated. Mdm Ng later inserted date of 13/06/2000 | $162,000.00  
> On or about 14/03/96 | $50,000.00 | Maybank No. 370951 | 14/03/96 | $50,000.00  
> On or about 01/07/96 | $165,000.00 | Maybank No. 464741 | 01/07/96 | $165,000.00  
> On or about 26/08/96 | $180,000.00 | OCBC No. 194996 | Undated. Mdm Ng later inserted the date of 13/06/2000 | $180,000.00  
> On or about 01/01/97 | $21,000.00 | Maybank No. 464746 | Undated and unsigned | $21,000.00  
> On or about 07/06/97 | $54,688.00 | Maybank No. 925251 | 07/06/97 | $54,688.00  
> Total | $632,688.00 |  | Total | $632,688.00  
  
66\. All the six cheques were supposed to have been issued by Chong
contemporaneously with the loan to him but only three were dated. The other
three were not.

67\. Chong attempted to assert that for the Maybank cheque No 925275, this
could not have been issued by him on 21 August 1995 because, according to a
letter from Maybank dated 24 August 2000 to his previous solicitors M/s Chui,
Sim, Goh & Lim, the issuance date of this cheque was 7 January 1997, some one
and a half years later. However I did not give any weight to this letter
because when Chong first introduced it in Suit 15, he initially pointed out
that based on that very letter, the issuance dates of some other cheques did
not tally with the dates on the cheques which I saw. The letter was marked
only for the purpose of identification. Therefore Chong had to and he said
that he wanted to call Maybank to give evidence on it. However, he then
changed his mind about calling them to give evidence on it when he learned
that Maybank’s letter was referring not to the dates when the cheques were
issued by him but the dates when the cheque books (from which the cheques
came) were issued to him.

68\. This, however, still did not answer the question as to how cheque No
925275 for which the cheque book was purportedly issued on 7 January 1997
could have been issued by him on 21 August 1995. Although Chong did again
refer to the Maybank letter in this suit, ie. Suit 108, he did not renew his
request to call Maybank as a witness, having abandoned his earlier request in
Suit 15.

69\. In any event, it is not material to me whether the date of the first loan
or for that matter, for the other two loans (for which Chong’s undated cheques
were purportedly issued to cover) were correct or not because Chong did not
dispute that he had taken the $632,688 and no question of a time-bar was
raised by him.

70\. The $632,688 was withdrawn from the OCBC joint account which the parties
had opened in view of the loan from OCBC to buy 202A Lornie Road. Apparently
Mdm Ng was controlling the cheque books for that account (NE 5A) and had
issued six cheques to Chong on six occasions in return for Chong’s six
cheques.

71\. As an aside, and to avoid confusion, I should mention that Chong’s OCBC
cheque No 194996 for $180,000 (see the table in paragraph 65 above) was not
drawn on the joint account with OCBC ie. account No 536-031115-001 (see NE
44B) but on another account No 536-033145-001 (see Exhibit P1A) also with OCBC
and also with the same branch ie. Upper Serangoon Road Branch. Presumably that
was his own account.

72\. Chong said that he was entitled to withdraw the $632,688 as the monies
were from the OCBC joint account. In paragraph 5 of his Defence and
Counterclaim, he also alleged that it was agreed between Mdm Ng and him that
the $632,688 need not be repaid.

73\. Chong also suggested that if he was not repaying the alleged loans from
Mdm Ng then she would not have continued to grant him some more loans. Mdm
Ng’s response (at NE 6A to C) was:

> ‘He kept begging me. He told me that he needed a lot of money for a plot of
> land in Malaysia to build a factory. If he could not make payment in time to
> pay for the land and to build a factory, then the Malaysian government would
> take back the land. I did tell him that I had set aside a sum of money to
> build my house at 202A Lornie Road. He said not to worry. He would be
> returning the money to me very soon. After he took the money, I had problems
> with construction of my house, so I took a loan from OCBC because he did not
> return me the money.’

74\. Chong further suggested that if his cheques were given to repay the loans
then Mdm Ng would have presented them for payment before they (or at least the
three cheques which were dated) expired. Mdm Ng said that Chong had told her
not to present any of the cheques for payment until he had sold one of his
properties (NE 10B).

75\. The point which Chong still had to address is why he issued the six
cheques to Mdm Ng if they were not to pay her for loans from her. He could
only say that he issued the six cheques to Mdm Ng as evidence that he had
taken the monies (NE 9A and 30A) but not as repayment of the monies he had
taken. He did not explain why, if he was entitled to withdraw the monies or if
he was not obliged to return the monies, he had to provide evidence that he
had taken such monies.

76\. I do not accept Chong’s position and I accept Mdm Ng’s position as
regards these loans.

77\. The OCBC joint account was in joint names only because of the reason Mdm
Ng had given and which I have already stated above ie. because she needed a
co-borrower like Chong to obtain the loan. He did not put any monies into that
account nor did he pay any monies to OCBC to reduce the loan from OCBC for
202A Lornie Road.

_**CHONG’S COUNTERCLAIM FOR $81,868 COMPRISING $40,000, $25,331 AND $16,537**_

78\. Chong in turn alleged that he had lent Mdm Ng three sums totalling
$81,868 for which she had issued three cheques to him to cover, as follows:

> **Date of alleged loan by Chong** | **Alleged Amount** | **Mdm Ng’s cheque for alleged repayment** | **Initially dated or not** | **Amount**  
> ---|---|---|---|---  
> In or about 1993 | $40,000 | Chase Manhattan No. 763332 (this is actually drawn on KSGS’s account) | Undated but later Chong inserted the date of 11/4/2000.  | $40,000  
> In or about December 1999 | $25,331 | OUB No. 023830 | Dated 26/4/99 | $25,331  
> 1 June 2000 | $16,537 | OUB No. 028817 | Dated 6/1/2000 | $16,537  
> Total | $81,868 | - | Total | $81,868  
  
_**Alleged loan of $40,000**_

79\. As regards the alleged loan of $40,000, Chong said that he had lent this
sum in 1993 for which he received the Chase Manhattan cheque No 763332 from
Mdm Ng. He did not present it for payment because Mdm Ng told him she had no
money (NE 34A). When Mdm Ng chased him out of the goldsmith shop (in January
or February 2000), he inserted the date (of 11 April 2000) in the cheque and
presented it for payment (NE 35A). Upon presentation then, it was dishonoured
for the reason that the account was closed since December 1993.

80\. Chong also relied on a piece of paper on which some numbers were written
by Mdm Ng:

> ‘ 40,000  
>  \+ 6,000  
>  _______  
>  $46,000  
>  _______ ’

Chong said this was evidence that Mdm Ng was owing him $46,000. Yet, he was
not claming $46,000 but $40,000.

81\. Mdm Ng did not deny that she signed the cheque but claimed that it must
have been stolen from her from among her files kept at her home in Beauty
World Centre (bought by Chong). Chong had allegedly chased her out of the
home.

82\. The cheque was drawn on KSGS’s account and not Mdm Ng’s personal account.
According to Mdm Ng, the account was opened with Chase Manhattan for the
purpose of processing Visa cardslips signed by KSGS’s customers and was closed
in December 1993 because Chase Manhattan had sold its Visa card business to
Overseas Union Bank Limited.

83\. She also did not deny writing the figures I have mentioned on a piece of
paper but could not recall what that was about.

84\. I am of the view that no weight should be given to the piece of paper
relied on by Chong. It was just a note of some figures and was meaningless.

85\. I also find that Chong has not established his alleged loan of $40,000 to
Mdm Ng in 1993.

86\. As I have mentioned, the cheque was not from Mdm Ng’s account. It was a
cheque drawn on KSGS’s account. There was no evidence to show that KSGS had no
money in 1993 or at all so as to cause Chong to defer presentation of this
cheque for payment.

87\. I am also of the view that Chong’s evidence that the purported loan was
in 1993 was not based on his recollection but based solely on the fact that
the Return Check Notice in 2000 had mentioned that the account was closed in
December 1993\. Accordingly he had to say that his loan was in 1993 for which
he received in return the KSGS cheque also in 1993.

88\. Mdm Ng’s Counsel also took the point that if there was a loan in 1993 and
to be repaid in 1993, this claim is time-barred under s 6 of the Limitation
Act (Ch 163) as Suit 108 was filed on 4 April 2000. However, this was not
pleaded and I need say no more about it.

_**Alleged loan of $25,331**_

89\. Chong said he had lent $25,331 to Mdm Ng in the beginning of December
1999 for which she had on the same day given him her OUB cheque No 023830 for
the same sum to repay him.

90\. However, the problem for Chong was that the cheque was dated 26 April
1999. It made no sense to me for Mdm Ng to give him a cheque in December 1999
but pre-dated to 26 April 1999, more than six months earlier, and that he
would receive such a cheque without complaint.

91\. As it turned out, when the cheque was presented for payment in December
1999 or much later, the bank manager contacted Mdm Ng as it was a stale cheque
and she stopped payment thereon as she said she did not sign this cheque.

92\. Another problem that Chong faced was that there was no other evidence
that Mdm Ng was in financial difficulties in December 1999. She had, as I have
found, lent him various sums of money around 1995/1996 to 1997. She had
discharged the OCBC mortgage on 202A Lornie Road in December 1998.

93\. On the contrary, Chong was having problems. Although he claimed to have
bought an apartment ie. 144 Upper Bukit Timah Road #16-02 (in Beauty World
Centre) in 1995 for Mdm Ng and her children to stay in, he was having
financial difficulties in late 1998.

94\. In August 1998 (or thereabouts), Malayan Banking Berhad (‘MBB’) had
commenced action against him for his failure to repay monies he had borrowed
from MBB and on 9 September 1998 they had obtained an order against him for
whatever he owed and for possession and sale of 120 Jalan Jurong Kechil which
was mortgaged to them.

95\. At about the same time, he signed a power of attorney dated 19 August
1998 to authorise Mdm Ng to sell 120 Jalan Jurong Kechil for him. Mdm Ng said
he did so because she was chasing him to repay her loans (AEIC paragraph 25)
although her Counsel suggested it was to repay arrears of maintenance (NE 48E
in Suit 15).

96\. In his evidence in Suit 15, Chong said that MBB had asked him to pay
interest but denied they had sued him in August or September 1998. His
evidence on this point was clearly untrue in view of letters from MBB’s
solicitors to him, regarding MBB’s action and an order obtained by MBB against
him at that time.

97\. He also denied in his evidence in Suit 15 that he had executed a power of
attorney to enable Mdm Ng to sell 120 Jalan Jurong Kechil (NE 48F to 49E in
Suit 15) but the power of attorney which he had signed contradicted him. Mdm
Ng said that the power of attorney was the result of her repeated demands for
repayment by him of her loans (AEIC paragraph 25).

98\. I also note one other point that Chong attempted to make. In his Reply to
Mdm Ng’s Closing Statement (for Suit 108) he alleged, for the first time, that
after MBB had sold Jalan Jurong Kechil, he received some surplus from MBB’s
sale and it was from that sale that he lent the $25,331 to Mdm Ng. If this
were true, it would have been a simple matter for him to produce documents
from MBB or its solicitors showing a surplus on MBB’s sale and for him to
obtain evidence as to the source of this loan to Mdm Ng. He did not produce
any of such evidence.

99\. In the circumstances, I also find that Chong has not established the
alleged loan of $25,331.

_**Alleged loan of $16,537**_

100\. Chong said that he made the loan of $16,537 to Mdm Ng on 1 June 2000 and
he received Mdm Ng’s cheque (OUB No 028817) for the same sum on 1 June 2000.

101\. However, Mdm Ng’s cheque is dated 6 January 2000 and again it was
unlikely to me that she would give him a cheque pre-dated so far back.

102\. In fairness to Chong, I did consider that he probably made a mistake on
the date when the cheque was allegedly handed to him, ie. he had read the date
on the cheque ‘6/1/2000’ as 1 June 2000 and gave his evidence accordingly.
However this would go to show that he was not basing his evidence on any
recollection of events this year but was simply basing his evidence solely on
the date of the cheque which he may or may not have received from Mdm Ng.

103\. On the other hand, Mdm Ng said that she had realised that this cheque
was missing from her possession. She claimed that on the same day, ie. 6
January 2000, she gave instructions to stop payment on the cheque and this was
borne out by the documentary evidence (at AB 160). She again denied that the
cheque was given to Chong to repay a loan from him.

104\. I have also taken into account the same factors that I have mentioned in
paragraphs 92 to 97 above.

105\. Accordingly, I find that Chong has not established the alleged loan by
him of $16,537.

_**SUMMARY**_

106\. I award judgment in favour of Mdm Ng against Chong for $632,688 with
interest thereon at 6% per annum from the date of the Writ to the day before
judgment (as statutory interest runs from the date of judgment).

107\. Chong’s counterclaims for $1.12 million and $81,868 are dismissed.

108\. Chong is to pay to Mdm Ng the costs of the claims and counterclaims.

Woo Bih Li

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Nov 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

