Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Rajendran A/L Palany v Dril-Quip Asia Pacific Pte Ltd  
[2000] SGHC 245

Case Number | : | Suit 109/2000A  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 November 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S Gogulakannan [S K Kumar & Associates] for the plaintiff; Simon Yuen [Tan & Lim] for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Rajendran A/L Palany — Dril-Quip Asia Pacific Pte Ltd   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Judgment**

The plaintiff, a 33 year old Malaysian national, at the material time was
employed by the defendants to work as a Fitter Grade B. On 15 May, a Friday,
1998 at about 8 a.m. he went to work and was transported from the defendants’
main office to No. 3 Tuas Avenue, Singapore ("accident site"). The defendants
were carrying on the business, among others, of manufacturing and repairing
oilfield and gas field machinery equipment. Such equipment included heavy and
long pipes and connector forgings ("connectors"), which are metal rings used
to connect the ends of metal pipes. They were occupiers of the site.

2 In the course of work that day, the plaintiff together with his fellow
workers were engaged in transporting and stacking connectors. He claimed
damages and special damages suffered by him in consequence of having sustained
a central disc prolapse between L4/L5 vertebrae in the course of work that
Friday. He asserted that he had sustained the injury by reason of the
defendants’ breaches of statutory duties or by reason of the negligence of the
defendants, particulars of which were set out in the pleadings. In the course
of the trial, and after the evidence emerged clearer, the pleadings were
amended to the effect that the defendants had, in circumstances where very
urgent heavy work had to be done, failed to put in place a safe system of work
to prevent and/or cater for the plaintiff attempting to match the higher and
much stronger performance of a Mr Doug Harrison, the defendants’ Operations
Manager, in the stacking of the connectors.

3 The defendants by way of their defence asserted that the plaintiff had been
manually lifting and stacking the connectors since the commencement of his
employment on 13 January 1994. They maintained that he had been properly
trained to use the proper and safe methods. The methods for lifting the
connectors emphasised the use of their legs by bending them and lifting the
connectors with both hands of the employee and the avoidance of bending over
and lifting them by bending his back. They contended that if the plaintiff did
not carry out those simple instructions, then he had only himself to blame.

4 In addition, the plaintiffs asserted that the plaintiff’s injury was
"grounded upon a degeneration of the his lumbar discs (L1, L2, L4 and L5)
which was a natural process". They further assert that such a degeneration of
the lumbar discs made his spine prone to prolapse by any sudden exertion to
the back such as bending to pick up the "moderately heavy" connectors during
work. The defendants denied that the manual work which plaintiff carried out
that day caused his injury.

5 At the commencement of the trial, it was agreed that the trial will be on
the question of liability. Damages and special damages, which were
specifically pleaded, were agreed to be assessed by the Registrar, if
necessary.

****

The factual background

6 On 15 May 1998, Mr Doug Harrison directed the plaintiff to work at the
accident site soon after 8 a.m. Another worker, Raman, was also instructed to
go. He instructed them to load the connections onto the pallets. As shown in
the photographs appearing in PBD31-34, the connectors were stacked 5
connectors high, separated by wooden planks. The bottom layer of each pallet
is made up of a two-tiered wooden platform which were nailed together and
which had a gap into which the forks of a fork-lift could be inserted and
mechanically lifting the whole pallet full of 5 connectors and transporting
them to wherever is desired.

7 Having given the workers training and demonstration on many occasions, he
left them to stack the connectors and move them to the designated places. The
defendants urgently needed vacant space for the reception and stacking of a
huge quantity of long pipes which were due to arrive in batches. Those pipes
were being trucked from the Port Authority of Singapore under police escorts
and all possible delays had to be avoided, as the trucking out times and their
arrivals were all pre-arranged. No changes could be made, without a lot of
trouble and inconvenience.

8 At about 10 a.m. Mr Doug Harrison took 2 workers, Wong Yip Seng and Ah Teck
to help plaintiff and Raman with their work. That was because he had seen the
slow pace of work and he was unhappy about it. So he brought along 2 more
workers.

9 At about 2.30 p.m. Mr Harrison returned to the accident site. He observed
that he had only 2 hours before quitting time and only about half the number
of connectors were stacked. In his view, the workers did not use the forklift
efficiently and they also did not work smartly. He explained that a forklift
had two movements. On the other hand, a human being could lift and manoeuvre
better. He knew he had no choice and he had to free the space which were
occupied by the connections to receive a huge quantity of 60 ft pipes which
were arriving from the PSA. They were due the following morning, which was a
Saturday, at about 11 a.m. The arrival of the pipes in several trucks involved
their unloading and stacking by means of a forklift with heavier capacity.
That job spilled over to Sunday. The plaintiff was involved in that work as
well, as I will describe later.

10 So Mr Harrison, as he sometimes did, personally stacked pallets. Now, as I
had seen him in court, Mr Harrison is about 6 ft 4 inches tall. He is a
strapping man. He is very strong. He was at the material time much, much
stronger than his Asian workers. They are all of much smaller built. Mr
Harrison lifted the heavy connectors, each of 45 kilograms, and stacked them
right to the 5th connector on each pallet. It was very heavy work. Whether one
uses the knee, bend and lift a connector and stack it, the use of the muscles
of the back and spine is involved in every stacking. According to Mr Harrison,
out of a total of about 340 pallets, about 180 pallets were left unstacked
when he arrived at the scene in the afternoon. He stacked about 30-40
connectors. He stacked them to the 5th level.

11 Mr Harrison, quite candidly admitted, that everybody was exhausted. But
everybody took turns to take a respite, a breather. He admitted that the
workers, including the plaintiff, were put under some pressure, seeing that he
was himself putting his shoulder to the plough, so to speak. The workers,
quite understandably, exerted themselves far more than they would have done
otherwise. I find that they tried to match, or at least not trail too far
behind, Mr Harrison in relation to the rate of stacking the connectors. He
admitted that whatever safe system of work he had he did not have in place a
system to prevent or cater for workers including the plaintiff attempting to
match or perform as closely as possible as he could in the urgent
circumstances in which work had to be completed. Knowing that the pipes were
arriving, more workers could have been employed to clear, stack and palletise
the connectors. They should have started earlier and the heavy work could have
been done without unduly straining the back of the workers. When a worker was
rushed, he was prone to short circuit the process of bending his knees and
lifting the connectors. If more workers had been deployed, then Mr Harrison
could have insisted that two workers lift each connector and stack them,
especially stacking them at the 4th and 5th level, which inevitably strained
the backs of the workers.

12 Although the workers were exhausted after such heavy duties, Mr Harrison
offered them, admittedly on a voluntary basis, overtime to carry out the
unloading and stacking of the 60 ft long pipes from 7.54 a.m. on Saturday 16
May 1998 to Sunday 0244 hours. Although the plaintiff was suffering a severe
back ache, he volunteered as his services were required to drive the bigger
fork lift. Admittedly, the workers had time, in between the arrivals of each
truck load of pipes after they had stacked the pipes. The driving of the
forklift continued to exert stresses and strains on the back of the plaintiff
as the doctors had testified.

13 The defendants took issue over the causation of the plaintiff’s prolapsed
disc. Counsel for them explored this question exhaustively, if in a somewhat
belaboured manner. Dr Fong Wai Yin conducted the plaintiff’s pre-employment
medical examination on 3 January 1994. The plaintiff’s muscular skeletal
system was essentially normal. He confirmed that the plaintiff had
consultations with him from 8 April to November 1999. Prior to 10 July 1998
the plaintiff did not consult him for his back problems. When he consulted Dr
Fong on 10 July 1998 for the first time about his back problems, his chief
complaint was low back ache with left sciatica for a period of approximately 1
month which the plaintiff attributed to the carrying of heavy loads at work.
He formed the provisional clinical diagnosis of a prolapsed intervertebral
disc ("PID") with involvement of the L5 root. Dr Fong then referred the
plaintiff to Dr Mitra, Orthopaedic Surgeon at the Singapore General Hospital
for further management. Whether PID was picked up depended on the symptoms
presented.

14 Dr Mitra at first treated the plaintiff conservatively. He was given
analgesic but he developed perforated ulcer and he was admitted and operated
in Johore Bahru Hospital. He was suffering from left-sided radiculopathy
associated with numbness along the L5 dermatome. He was treated with
physiotherapy and it included intermittent lumbar traction, ultrasound
therapy, and back care exercises. By 14 September 1998 the plaintiff was still
suffering symptomatic prolapsed intervertebral disc. On 2 March 1999 there was
a further recurrence of acute L5 radiculopathy. It was only then that he was
investigated with MRI of his lumbar spine which confirmed central disc
prolapsed between L4/L5 vertebrae. This was causing "significant thecal sac
compression"; that explain the severe back pain. The plaintiff was admitted on
24 March 1999 for surgical management. He was treated with fenestration and
discectomy of L4/L5 disc prolapsed. He made satisfactory post-operative
recovery. The plaintiff was again referred to Dr Mitra for back pain on 8 May
2000. He was assured that the pain was due to ligamentous sprain rather than a
prolapsed intervertebral disc.

15 In cross examination, he agreed that disc degeneration is an inevitable
ageing process. He pointed out that it needed strenuous bending to cause a
disc prolapse between L4 and L5. He also points that a young, healthy disc
prolapse much more than a degenerated disc. A degenerated disc has less
material and the ligament that contains the material has become fibrotic and
stronger. The disc material, being of small amount, would require a tremendous
amount of pressure or strain to make the material extrude through the
ligament, i.e. annulus. When asked about the plaintiff’s evidence that he
heard a "click" on 15 May 1998, followed by severe back pain, Dr Mitra opined
that if pressure built up, annulus ruptured and one developed acute pain.
There might or might not be sound. If the pressure was too much, the material
would come out through the opening and once it extruded one suffered a
prolapsed disc. When more of the material came out, it would press on the
nerves. That would cause leg pain which is called radiculopathy. In the case
of the plaintiff it was a moderate size disc prolapse, but the plaintiff on 13
July 1998 had muscle weakness and Dr Mitra then stated that he had more than
moderate size disc prolapse.

16 Dr Kanda Pillay’s evidence was very clear. I have no hesitation to accept,
for the cogent reasons that he had advanced, that the plaintiff suffered a
prolapse of the disc on 15 May 1998 as a result of having to stack the heavy
connectors under urgent circumstances. I also accept his opinion, for the
reasons he has set out in his report of 15 May 2000, that the plaintiff will
need another excision of the disc and a decompression of the L4 and L5 nerve
roots on the left side with a posterior fusion of the L4/L5 level using
instrumentation and bone grafting.

17 On the issue of liability I was satisfied that there was a clear and known
danger of the plaintiff suffering injury to his back when he was required to
carry the heavy loans in urgent circumstances under which he was under
pressure to maintain a respectable rate of stacking when compared to the much
stronger Mr Harrison. It was plainly foreseeable by any reasonable employer
that a workman, such as the plaintiff, would be liable to suffer a back injury
such as a PID. Accordingly, a reasonable employer could foresee that a PID
could be sustained. It was clear that the system of work in the urgent
circumstances was unsafe for the reasons I stated earlier. More planning, more
time and more workers should have been deployed and when lifting the
connectors from the 4th level upwards, two workers should have been provided.
It was unreasonable to think that if Mr Harrison could do it, so could the
much smaller and less strong workers like the plaintiff.

18 However, the plaintiff should not have tried so hard and so long. His
overtime work, driving the forklift, exacerbated his prolapse, and he should
have stopped. Nobody forced him to work, though he must have felt some
pressure in view of the urgency and the shortage of manpower.

19 In those circumstances, I decided that the defendants were liable to the
extent of 40% in terms of liability. However, I awarded the plaintiff 60% of
the costs because the defendants had taken more time and required more efforts
on the part of the plaintiff to prove several issues of fact which were
resolved against the defendants.

Lai Kew Chai

Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Nov 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

