Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Chee Koon (Huang Zhiqun) and Another v Aprim (Far East) Pte Ltd  
[2000] SGHC 221

Case Number | : | Suit 1401/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 October 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Tow Kiat (Lee Tow Kiat & Co) for the plaintiffs; Joseph Lopez (Choy & Lopez) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Ng Chee Koon (Huang Zhiqun); Ng Chee Beng (Huang Zhiming) both formerly trading as B & K Interior Decoration — Aprim (Far East) Pte Ltd   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**_Cur Adv Vult_**

_The facts_

1\. The plaintiffs who are twin brothers were, at the material time a
partnership which did interior decoration and renovation works; the
partnership was first set up by the plaintiffs in January 1994 with the
assistance of their father Ng Kim Tiaw (Ng). On 16 June 1999, the partnership
was terminated. On 19 March 1999, the two brothers incorporated (and became
shareholders) of a limited company called B & K Interior Dcor Pte Ltd (the
company). Before the partnership was registered, the plaintiffs worked for
their father's company Lian Hing Trading (Pte) Ltd (Lian Hing) which was/is a
furniture maker (with a factory in Johore Baru) and which also carried out
renovation and interior decoration works.

2\. The defendants were incorporated in Singapore in 1989 and are general
contractors for renovation works. They only carry out renovation works for a
niche market namely, the French business and expatriate community in
Singapore, one if not the main reason(s) being that their managing-director
Jacqueline Deromedi (Jacqueline) is a French national; she has resided in
Singapore for many years now and is a permanent resident. The other director
of the defendants is Jacqueline's son Jean Marc Deromedi (Jean Marc). The
defendants number amongst their clients such organisations/companies as the
French Embassy, Air-France, Renault, AXA Insurance, the AGF group, Hugo Boss
and French cosmetic houses Lancome and L'oreal.

3\. Sometime in March 1998, the plaintiffs and their father were introduced to
Jean Marc and Lamine Guendil (Lamine) who was the defendants' business
development manager. Thereafter, the plaintiffs commenced doing renovation
works contracted by the defendants, starting with a piecemeal job (for
Renault) at Nos. 31 and 33, Scotts Road where the plaintiffs took over
renovation works from another contractor (DH Dcor). Indeed, as far as the
plaintiffs were concerned, they became the defendants' sole general
subcontractor. From March 1998 until 2 March 1999 when the parties'
relationship terminated, the plaintiffs carried out renovation works on more
than 20 projects for the defendants, including the following (apart from
Renault):-

> (i) Prestige Products Distribution (for 'Hugo Boss' counters at Seiyu and
> Metro (Causeway Point and the Paragon) department stores;

> (ii) Parsing (FE) Pte Ltd;
>
> (iii) Perising Pte Ltd;
>
> (iv) French Business Centre S'pore Pte Ltd;
>
> (v) Rochas (for perfume counters at Metro Causeway Point);
>
> (vi) Lancome;

> (vi) Cosmopolitan Cosmetics Pte Ltd (for 'Gucci' counters at Seiyu and Metro
> Paragon);

> (vii) AXA Insurance Singapore Pte Ltd (AXA)
>
> (viii) Vivendi Asia Pacific Pte Ltd (Vivendi);
>
> (ix) AGF Asset Management Asia Ltd;
>
> (x) French Embassy staff quarters at Hillcrest Arcadia;
>
> (xi) Dragages S'pore Pte Ltd;
>
> (xii) L'oreal S'pore Pte Ltd;
>
> (xiii) Publicis Eureka Pte Ltd;
>
> (xiv) Eurasia Fragrance;
>
> (xv) Euro RSCG (S) Pte Ltd;
>
> (xvi) Renault Motor Show;
>
> (xvii) Air-France.

The above projects resulted in the present suit wherein the party named as the
original plaintiff was described as **B & K Interior Dcor Pte Ltd formerly
trading as B & K Interior Decoration.** It claimed the company carried out all
the works it had contracted from the defendants but were either not paid or
not paid in full, by the latter. Contact between the present parties ceased
when the plaintiffs 'abandoned' the last project (Air France's first class
passenger lounge at Changi Airport) on or about 2 March 1999 resulting
(according to the defendants) in delayed completion (by 3 months) as the
defendants were forced to look for another contractor to finish off whatever
work the plaintiffs had started but had not finished or, had not done at all.

_The pleadings_

4\. As stated earlier, when the writ of summons was first filed on 23
September 1999, it was the company which was the plaintiff. Consequently, the
defendants denied owing the company the sum claimed (of $507,086.45) in the
original defence which they filed on 8 February 2000. Furthermore, the
original statement of claim merely stated:-

> 1\. The plaintiff's claim against the defendants is for the sum of
> $507,086.45 being the balance due and owing in respect of work done and
> materials sold and delivered at the defendant's request, particulars of
> which are known to the defendants and brief particulars are as follows:-
>
> _Date_ | _Description_ | _Amount_  
> ---|---|---  
> 26 July 1999 | Statement of account | $507,086.45  
  
5\. Not unexpectedly, counsel for the defendants by his letter dated 19
October 1999 requested for Further and Better Particulars of the all too brief
statement of claim. Instead of complying with the request, counsel for the
plaintiffs took the easy way out by adopting an unorthodox approach. He did
not render requisite particulars of when and what sort of services the
plaintiffs had provided, relating to the sum claimed. Instead, he filed as
annexure 'A' a list which he had directly lifted from the company's ledger of
trade debtors, pertaining to the claim amounts. The statements comprised the
plaintiffs' invoices, their quotations and the defendants' purchase orders.

6\. The so-called Particulars filed on 23 November 1999 did not satisfy the
defendants and their counsel applied to court (the first application) and
obtained on 8 December 1999 an order for the same set of Further and Better
Particulars he had earlier requested. The plaintiffs did not comply with the
order within the deadline stipulated. Consequently, the defendants applied on
14 January 2000 (the second application) for an 'unless order' that the
plaintiffs' claim be dismissed with costs unless they furnished the set of
Further and Better Particulars the defendants had previously requested. Before
the second application could be heard however, the plaintiffs, in purported
compliance with the order made under the first application, filed their second
set of Further and Better Particulars on 21 January 2000; it was only a slight
improvement on their first set. The second application heard on 3 March 2000
was resisted by the plaintiffs whose counsel contended they had rendered
adequate Particulars. In lieu of ordering the plaintiffs to file a third set
of Further and Better Particulars, the court granted the defendants leave to
file a Rejoinder pursuant to the plaintiffs' Reply.

7\. On 7 April 2000, the defendants obtained a third order of court for the
company (as the then plaintiffs) to furnish security for the defendants' costs
in the amount of $100,000 by way of a banker's guarantee. In the affidavit
which she filed to support this application, Jacqueline deposed that at all
times the defendants dealt with the two brothers/present plaintiffs and her
company had nothing to do with **B & K Interior Dcor Pte Ltd** which she
pointed out was a $2 paid up company only incorporated on 19 March 1999.

8\. On the first day of trial (5 May 2000) counsel for the plaintiffs finally
seemed to realise his mistake and applied to court to amend the writ of
summons and all subsequent pleadings to reflect the correct position that the
two brothers, not the company, are the plaintiffs. I granted the application
despite objections from counsel for the defendants and made the usual
consequential orders for amendments to the defendants' own pleadings and
costs. Counsel for the plaintiffs also applied to amend his clients' claim on
the Renault project (31 Scotts Road) from $37,293.50 to $12,293.50 and that
for Dragages from $32,994 to $32,651, thereby reducing the plaintiffs'
original claim of $507,086.45 to $481,743,45. Contrary to the final submission
made by counsel for the defendants, that sum does exceed the current
jurisdiction ($250,000) of the district courts.

9\. As a consequence of the change in name of the plaintiffs in the pleadings,
the defendants filed an amended Defence and Counterclaim on 8 May 2000 in
which they raised (for the first time) a counterclaim ($119,884.10) for over-
payments they made to the plaintiffs on the AXA Insurance and Euro RSCG
projects. In her written testimony, Jacqueline reduced the counterclaim by
$26,154.50 to $93,729.60. With regards to some of the other projects, the
defendants admitted there were balance sums owed to the plaintiffs but raised
the defence of set-off alleging that the plaintiffs' works were unsatisfactory
and or defective; rectification works were therefore required which
rectification works were not carried out by the plaintiffs or if carried out,
were not done properly. For other projects like AGF, 31 Scotts Road, Renault
Motor Show and Hillcrest Arcadia, the defendants contended they had paid the
plaintiffs' claims in full and nothing more was due from them. The defendants
put the plaintiffs to strict proof of their claims for Publicis Eureka,
L'oreal and Dragages.

10\. In the course of the trial, it emerged that the defendants saw most of
the quotations (upon which the plaintiffs based a substantial part of their
claim), only on or about 16 April 2000 when the documents were made available
for inspection at the office of the plaintiffs' solicitors. The defendants
contended they had neither received nor seen those quotations previously
whereas the plaintiffs claimed that the same had been forwarded/handed to the
defendants or their representatives earlier.

_

The evidence

_

11\. Because of the number of projects involved and the number of witnesses (5
for the plaintiffs and 11 for the defendants), trial took 17 days even though
(as I informed the parties at the commencement) I would only determine
liability and leave the quantum of damages if any, pertaining to both the
claim and counterclaim to be assessed by the Registrar at a later stage.
Equally, it would be impossible to conduct a detailed examination of all the
testimony adduced from the 16 witnesses. For expediency therefore, I propose
to deal with both the claim and counterclaim and make my findings on a project
by project basis. I should also point out that the plaintiffs did not carry
out the projects in succession but very often, a number of projects overlapped
which factor I believe did affect their performance.

_**

(i) Renault

**

(a) 31 & 33 Scotts Road

_

12\. In their documentation, the defendants described 31 Scotts Road as the
main house and 33 Scotts Road as the back-house/outhouse. According to the
first plaintiff, the outhouse is 2-3 times smaller than the main house. The
defendants had admitted they withheld $12,292.50 (after paying the plaintiffs
$162,582.47) on both houses for purposes of their set-off and counterclaim,
due to the following defects in the plaintiffs' work which they claimed were
not rectified:

> (i) the external walls were not water-jet washed and plastered before
> painting, resulting in paints peeling within a month after hand-over to
> Renault;
>
> (ii) some pieces of wood on the wooden deck at the rear yard broke within a
> month of hand-over because of the poor quality wood used by the plaintiffs;
>
> (iii) the cabling works short-circuited within a few weeks which caused
> illumination spotlights not to work and had to be replaced.

As a result of the plaintiffs' bad workmanship, the defendants asserted they
had no alternative but to give a discount to Renault in the amount of
$4,590.71 (see DB170).

13\. The plaintiffs called their painter Teo Boon Liew (who claimed to have 40
years' experience) to rebut the defendants' allegation that they failed to do
a proper job of the water-jet cleaning and painting works. Teo Boon Liew (PW5)
testified that (accompanied by the plaintiffs' father) he had rented a water-
jet machine and obtained his supply of paint from a shop at Balestier Road in
September 1998. He had used the water-jet machine to spray the walls before
applying sealant and two (2) coats of paint. It took him about two (2) weeks
to water-jet wash, plaster and paint the walls. Teo said he received no
complaints after he finished nor was he asked by the plaintiffs to do any
rectification works. If indeed the paint peeled, Teo speculated that it could
be due to either the wall (very old) or the weather; he disagreed it could be
due to his workmanship. Questioned by the court, Teo revealed he did not pay
for the paint; presumably Ng did. That being the case, Teo was in no position
to say whether the paints selected by Ng were weather-proof and or meant for
outdoor/exterior use.

14\. The defendants on the other hand called their own supervisor/handyman Lim
Kim Leng (LKL) to testify to the contrary. LKL (DW5) testified that he and his
assistant Tan Eng Huat were instructed by the defendants in late January 1999
to attend to Renault's complaints which included the cracked/discoloured paint
on the external walls and the broken wooden deck. While he only had to replace
2-3 pieces (costing around $50) of the deck, Lim Kim Leng said his assistant
had to repaint the walls entirely using weather-proof paint after first using
a water-jet to wash off the discoloured paint. In her written testimony,
Jacqueline said the defendants engaged another contractor Relion Plasterceil
Electrical & Dcor to supply and install new cables. She also produced her
company's credit note evidencing the discount of $4,590.71 given to Renault.

15\. As I am only concerned with liability for all the projects, I need only
determine whether the defendants have made out their case on their
counterclaim on a balance of probabilities, so as to defeat the plaintiffs'
admitted claim for $12,293.50; I do not concern myself with the quantum of the
defendants' counterclaim as that is a matter for assessment if necessary. I
find on the evidence that the defendants have succeeded on their counterclaim.
As neither counsel questioned the plaintiffs' painter on the point, there is
no evidence on the weather conditions prevailing at the time Teo Boon Liew
testified he plastered and then applied sealant and two(2) coats of paint to,
the walls. Consequently, I am unable to say whether wet weather could have had
an adverse impact when the plaintiffs' painter did the work. Speaking from my
knowledge acquired from previous similar cases and given that Teo Boon Liew
himself testified he took about 2 weeks to complete the entire job, I can only
speculate that the walls were not given sufficient time to dry both before and
after, the application of the first coat of paint; this would then cause the
first and subsequent coat(s) of paint to peel and discolour.

16\. Apart from denying their workmanship was poor/defective, the plaintiffs
did not call evidence from their workers or subcontractors (who carried out
the actual work) to rebut LKL's testimony or the defendants' photographs (see
DSB38-41) evidencing the broken wooden deck. Instead, they obtained a letter
dated 8 May 2000 (exhibit P10) from Renault signed by Pascale Mao, the
assistant to their vice-president, stating that _the renovations which have
been carried out at no. 31 and 33 Scotts Road have been done in a very
professional and satisfactory manner and that there are no defects
whatsoever_. Exhibit P10 has no evidential value whatsoever as Pascale Mao (so
stated in the letter) has no personal knowledge of the renovations having
joined Renault in July 1999, _well after_ the plaintiffs completed their work
and far more important, _after_ the defendants had rectified the plaintiffs'
defective works.

17\. Even if I am wrong in my findings, I am of the view that the plaintiffs
are precluded from making any claims in relation to 33 and 31 Scotts Road
because their father Ng had signed a final account with the defendants on 7
December 1998 (at DB157 and 159) which stated:

> There will be no further claim (sic) acceptable after the signing of this
> document for the above project completed at 31 Scotts Road on the 7th
> November 1998.

A similar final account (see AB276A) was signed by the plaintiffs with the
defendants also on 7th December for the motor show which project I next turn
my attention to.

_(b) the motor show_

18\. According to Ng, Lamine had agreed (N/E 307) with him to pay the
plaintiffs $3,900 to 'compensate' the plaintiffs for the loss they suffered on
the Renault motor show. Ng claimed that in his presence, Lamine had instructed
the defendants' accountant Chua Kok Chuan (David Chua) to issue a purchase
order to the plaintiffs for $3,900 and he (Ng) had signed the final account on
that understanding.

19\. The defendants on the other hand contended that there was nothing owing
as the plaintiffs' father had signed the final account with Lamine on 7
December 1998 together with that for 31 Scotts Road containing the sentence
set out in para 17 above. Accordingly, the defendants argued, if the
plaintiffs were to be paid an extra $3,900, Ng should not have signed the
final account but having done so, the plaintiffs were precluded from making
that or any other, claim(s). David Chua (N/E 631) testified that Ng approached
him a few days _after_ signing the final accounts and claimed that Lamine had
agreed to compensate the plaintiffs $3,900. As he was not authorised to
approve costing of projects, David Chua (DW9) told Ng to seek Jean-Marc's or
Lamine's approval but Ng did not revert thereafter. Ng and Lamine signed the
final accounts for the motor show and 31 and 33 Scotts Road simultaneously in
David Chua's presence without discussing any compensation.

20\. The plaintiffs' statements of account showed that their last invoice for
31 Scotts Road (AB64) was dated 4 December 1998 whilst that for 33 Scotts Road
was dated 30 October 1998\. Initially, when he was questioned on these
invoices (N/E 314) Ng had agreed he could not claim. However, after the lunch
break on 16 May 2000, Ng changed his mind and said he was not prepared to
withdraw the plaintiffs' claim (which had been reduced to $12,293.50 on the
first day of trial). Lamine's testimony was not particularly helpful on 31 and
33 Scotts Road either; he merely confirmed that he had agreed to compensate
the plaintiffs $3,900 for the motor show, that the total contract price for 31
Scotts Road was $174,875.97 (N/E 395) but no final account was necessary for
33 Scotts Road.

21\. On the evidence, I am satisfied that final accounts were signed between
the plaintiffs and the defendants for all three jobs undertaken for Renault.
In his cross-examination of David Chua, counsel for the plaintiffs had
suggested that for smaller projects such as 33 Scotts Road and Hillcrest
Arcadia, work would be carried out by the plaintiffs based on purchase orders
and no final accounts would be rendered. David Chua agreed but denied that was
the case for Renault's projects. He pointed out that the (signed) final
account (DB160) for 33 Scotts Road (with a figure of $105,926.50) added to
$68,949.47 for 31 Scotts Road (at DB158) totalled $174,875.97 which was the
contract sum as confirmed by Lamine.

22\. I accept the defendants' contention – I see no reason why the plaintiffs
should be allowed to renege from their agreement (that they would have no more
claims) as encapsulated in the final accounts for 31 and 33 Scotts Road and
for the motor show. Accordingly the plaintiffs' claims for the three Renault
projects fail. As stated earlier, the defendants succeed on liability in their
counterclaim against the plaintiffs. Their damages would include the credit
note of $4,590.71 given to Renault for 31 & 33 Scotts Road and $9,509.35
(DB357) for the motor-show if found to have been reasonably incurred in order
to pacify Renault for the plaintiffs' shoddy workmanship. Incidentally, the
credit note for $4,590.71 was prepared by David Chua (N/E 654) on Lamine's
instructions with the consent of the defendants' directors. It was
Jacqueline's testimony (N/E704) which I accept, that Renault would not pay the
defendants otherwise. It was also her testimony (N/E 697) which the plaintiffs
did not or could not challenge, that the plaintiffs did not make a claim for
the Renault project for 1  years. Why the delay one would ask, if indeed the
plaintiffs' claim was genuine?

__

No. 26 Plymouth Avenue

23\. Besides the main claims (3) pertaining to Renault, the plaintiffs also
had a small claim ($2,600) under invoice no. 2157 touching on work done at the
residence (No. 26 Plymouth Avenue) of the Renault's manager-director Saint
Martin. Lamine testified that (N/E 395) he made a commercial decision to do
the work gratis on the defendants' behalf in the hope that it would lead to
new projects from Renault. However, he also said it did not mean that the
plaintiffs were precluded from charging the defendants. My view is that if the
defendants cannot claim from Renault, then neither can the plaintiffs. This is
especially so when the other works done for Renault by the plaintiffs were
less than satisfactory and the defendants are unlikely therefore to reap the
benefit of Lamine's personal generosity.

_(ii)**Hugo Boss** _

24\. The second plaintiff was in charge of the Hugo Boss project. He
complained that the defendants did not pay a cent even though they admitted
owing the plaintiffs $45,520. He acknowledged the ten (10) display counters
built by the plaintiffs had minor defects but those defects only needed to be
rectified … (i) the glass panels needed adjusting; (ii) the stainless wires
which held the shelves in place needed to be tightened; (iii) the Hugo Boss
logo sticker had to be adjusted and (iv) the cabinet doors needed to be
aligned. The defects did not warrant the total replacement of all the counters
by Kemvet Interiors Pte Ltd (Kemvet) at the purported cost of $25,750. The
second plaintiff blamed poor design or other factors as the reason for the
plaintiffs' defective works. He cited as examples the cracking of the semi-
circular plastic panel from the heat generated by the down-light; he had
forewarned the defendants' designer Delphine Leoni (Delphine) of this
possibility. However, questioned by counsel for the defendants, the second
plaintiff would not commit himself on whether the drawings for Hugo Boss
counters (from its parent company Procter & Gamble's designer) called for
curved instead of the flat square panels which the plaintiffs actually
fabricated nor whether 'brand' counters would be expected to come supplied
with logo stickers (for which the plaintiffs claimed $500); he merely said he
followed the designs and instructions of Delphine. The second plaintiff
explained that because the counters were installed at various departmental
stores where Hugo Boss had outlets, installation of the counters could only
take place at night after 10pm when the stores had closed. For that reason,
the plaintiffs billed the defendants the cost ($500) of dismantling and
removing the existing counters which charges the plaintiffs asserted were not
included in the contract price for the job.

25\. The defendants disagreed with the second plaintiff's testimony that the
counters had only minor defects. They blamed the plaintiffs' poor workmanship
as the cause for rejection by the local agent Prestige Products Distribution
(Prestige), of all the Hugo Boss counters; this adversely affected the
defendants' goodwill with Prestige with consequential loss of further business
to the defendants. To substantiate their contention, the defendants produced
correspondence they had exchanged with Prestige which they reinforced with
Delphine's testimony.

26\. According to Delphine (DW8), the plaintiffs told her the oval-shaped
glass for the counters was difficult to obtain in Singapore. They therefore
sourced for the glass in Kuala Lumpur but, when the same arrived, it could not
fit the counters which doors were also not aligned. The plaintiffs then
suggested acrylic as a replacement. In order to use acrylic, the design had to
be changed, using a lot of wood whereas the original design incorporated a lot
of glass. Because of time constraints, Prestige had no choice but to accept
the alternative proposed. However, after a month, the acrylic cracked due to
bending and the counters were again rejected by Prestige. Delphine said the
plaintiffs attempted to solve that and other problems with the counters for
over four (4) months without success. She denied the second plaintiff's claim
that the original designs were for flat squarish panels … from the start, the
panels were oval shaped according to Procter & Gamble's designs. The
defendants engaged Kemvet to modify the plaintiffs' counters but were told it
was not practical. Kemvet used the same designs/drawings originally given to
the plaintiffs to fabricate the new counters.

27\. The defendants called Kemvet's managing-director Wong Chin Seng (WCS) to
corroborate Delphine's testimony. WCS (DW3) testified that Delphine and Jean
Marc approached him in May 1999 to rectify the existing back panels, back
walls and crack-lines in the plaintiffs' counters. He inspected the counters
in the presence of representatives of Prestige who highlighted the defects to
him and as well as the rectification works required. Although rectification
was possible, WCS was of the view that rectification would cost more than
making new counters because the plaintiffs had not fabricated according to
specifications. Hence his company made new counters for which curved glass had
to be fabricated. Although they were completed in August 1999, Kemvet did not
complete installation of the last lot of new counters until February 2000
after installing two lots at shopping centres in August and October 1999.
Because he had a back-to-back agreement with the defendants as regards
payment, WCS said he did not expect to be paid (the balance less deposit) for
the 10 counters until the defendants were first paid by Prestige. WCS said the
defendants issued a purchase order for the counters without which (save where
work was required to be done urgently) it was his company's practice not to
commence work.

28\. Having reviewed the evidence, I have no doubt that the plaintiffs did not
do a proper job in fabricating the counters thereby necessitating their total
replacement by Kemvet. I am equally certain that the reason was because (as
admitted by the second plaintiff) the plaintiffs lacked experience in
manufacturing such counters. That fact however does not exonerate them. As
Jacqueline said (N/E 728), if the plaintiffs could not do the work, they
should not have accepted the order. The plaintiffs also claimed $500 for
shelving works carried out at an office at TradeMart building for either
Prestige or Cosmopolitan, they were not very certain who the owner was. What
was certain though is, that the defendants did not request for such works nor
were they aware it was done at the material time. Lamine had testified that
(N/E 395) the work was carried out at the client's request for their
accountant who needed a pigeon-hole below the side-return of her desk. I
cannot see how the defendants can be liable for these works which were not
even in the plaintiffs' pleadings. The plaintiffs should look to either
Cosmopolitan for payment or failing that, claim from Lamine personally.

29\. The defendants had issued two (2) purchase orders for Hugo Boss totalling
$45,520 over and above which the plaintiffs claimed $3,000 by way of three (3)
quotations. I have touched on their quotations(2) on transport and dismantling
charges. Giving the plaintiffs the benefit of the doubt that the defendants'
purchase orders did not include the 2 items, their claim of $1,000 for both is
allowed. That leaves the plaintiffs' remaining quotation for $2,000 pertaining
to 4 curved poster panels with wooden frame and acrylic. In the light of the
evidence adduced, this claim is disallowed. Against the increased contract
price of $46,520 ($45,520 +$1,000) the defendants are entitled to set-off the
costs they incurred in engaging Kemvet to dismantle and replace the
plaintiffs' counters which were rejected by Prestige. Counsel for the
plaintiffs had sought to suggest that as his clients' counters were used for
14 months (from October 1998 to February 2000) before the defendants replaced
them, the same was necessitated by wear and tear and not due to the
plaintiffs' faulty workmanship; I disagree. It is common ground that the
plaintiffs' counters were placed in departmental stores/shopping centres and
the defendants/Prestige/Kemvet could not replace them without approval from
the buildings’ owners. It should also be noted that Kemvet was first
instructed in May 1999 to try to make improvements on the plaintiffs' counters
and failing that, to fabricate new ones. It is noted however that Jacqueline
has withdrawn the defendants' claim (N/E 723) for $17,250 for a sum due and
outstanding from Hugo Boss which was paid by the time she testified.

_(iii)**AXA Insurance**_

30\. The plaintiffs were requested to renovate AXA's regional office at
Battery Road for a total sum of $213,556.24 based on 12 purchase orders of the
defendants variously dated between 17 August 1998 and 20 January 1999. The
defendants asserted they paid $242,545 on the contract thereby overpaying the
plaintiffs by $28,988.76 which refund they counter-claimed. The plaintiffs did
not deny the defendants' payments but contended that their claim totalled
$284,975.02 because of a lot of additional work done; hence the defendants
still owed them $42,430.02.

31\. According to the second plaintiff (who personally supervised the project
assisted by his father), the defendants themselves had prepared final accounts
for this project based on the plaintiffs' claim of $284,173.84 (see AB207).
Although he acknowledged the alleged final accounts were not signed by either
party, the second plaintiff claimed that was because after David Chua gave him
the final accounts, he called the latter to say that the plaintiffs agreed to
the same but he was not asked to return to the defendants' office to sign in
exchange for the defendants' cheque. The second plaintiff testified that the
plaintiffs issued 11 quotations for variations and or additions because the
works were outside the scope of the original contract. Jacqueline not Lamine,
was in charge of this project and she would know of the additions and
variations claimed.

32\. David Chua testified (N/E 630) that he prepared the alleged final
accounts on the defendants' behalf based on the plaintiffs' figure of
$284,173.84 as a draft for discussion purposes; that was why he deleted the
date 6/1/99. He wrote the words _'to issue purchase orders'_ 13 times against
the plaintiffs' various quotations to remind Jean Marc (who was then not in
Singapore) of the plaintiffs' request that purchase orders be issued for
those. He had received the plaintiffs' quotations from the first plaintiff all
at one time when the latter came to his office. He had also told the first
plaintiff (who denied it) that the final accounts were subject to approval. In
any case, he was not authorised to sign final accounts on the defendants'
behalf (this was confirmed by Jacqueline); the authorised persons were
Jacqueline and Jean Marc and in their absence, Lamine.

33\. Jacqueline confirmed that the plaintiffs were overpaid for this project;
she listed out the 6 cheques whereby the defendants paid the plaintiffs a
total of $242,545. However in the course of trial, the defendants admitted
liability (but not quantum) for electrical and cabling works set out in the
plaintiffs' quotation no. BK 8983 (see AB 174). Jacqueline explained it was
because she checked and realised that no provision was made for such work in
the defendants' bill of quantities. The defendants also admitted another item
(supply of a magazine rack at $650) claimed by the plaintiffs. Even so, the
defendants had still overpaid the plaintiffs although the figure would be
reduced.

34\. Although the plaintiffs' stand was that the defendants' draft final
accounts accepted their claim of $284,173.84, they had also withdrawn certain
items claimed in the course of trial. By way of illustration, the first
plaintiff withdrew (N/E 142) the plaintiffs' claim for the supply of labour
($480) admitting that it should be included in the Preliminaries item in the
bill of quantities. The plaintiffs also withdrew their claims for pantry tiles
($1,350) and gypsum board partitions at the PD room ($1,020). In so doing, the
plaintiffs made a tacit admission that the figure of $284,173.84 was not final
but, as the defendants argued, subject to negotiations.

35\. I do not accept that the plaintiffs are entitled to any more monies apart
from what the defendants have admitted; I also accept that the defendants have
overpaid the plaintiffs and are entitled to a refund of the overpaid sum on
their (reduced) counterclaim not to mention that the plaintiffs' workmanship
was not up to mark. It was the evidence of the defendants' supervisor LKL (N/E
557) that the plaintiffs' shoddy workmanship included a failure to install
rear-panels for some file cabinets. However, when he informed Delphine (DW8)
who informed Jacqueline in turn, LKL was chided by Lamine who said LKL should
have informed Lamine first before anyone else. Cross-examined on this
evidence, LKL added that he did not ask the plaintiffs' representatives about
the missing panels because past experience told him the latter would take no
action and they would only convey what he said to Lamine. Much was made by the
first plaintiff (N/E 147-148/167) of what he claimed was a design fault for a
door (and some drawer cabinets) which necessitated Jacqueline and Jean Marc
visiting the plaintiffs' Johor factory which problem he gave himself credit
for solving. Delphine however testified (N/E 592-593) on the shortcomings in
the plaintiffs' carpentry works and their inability to follow her designs
properly especially for the full height main door, necessitating a revision in
her drawings. She pointed out that other contractors did not encounter any
difficulty in following the same drawings for the door.

_(iv)**Vivendi**_

36\. According to the plaintiffs, their father was in charge of this project
assisted by the first plaintiff. In his written and oral testimony, Ng said he
agreed with Lamine to do the project for $200,000 a reduction from his
original asking price of $250,000; this was reflected in the defendants'
purchase order no. 1534 (see AB 265) dated 23 September 1998 with completion
scheduled for 20 October 1998. The price was low because Lamine said that
Vivendi had a tight budget. For that reason, the defendants paid the
plaintiffs up-front a deposit of $50,000 on 24 September 1998. The plaintiffs
claimed for additions and or variation works which they asserted were either
ordered by the defendants or by Vivendi; they denied the defendants'
contention that they undertook the project on a turn-key basis.

37\. Ng testified at length on the plaintiffs' additional claims. He produced
drawings (see 2AB1-95) to support his contention that there were numerous
design changes _after_ he was given the first drawing dated 22 September 1998
(2AB5) upon which he agreed to do the project for $200,000. Ng claimed that
after the plaintiffs had done the work according to the original drawing, the
defendants made amendments which changes affected partitions and work stations
which had been erected and, electrical cables. The plaintiffs also supplied
new furniture as Vivendi decided not to use its existing (system) furniture.
These major changes added $101,441.61 to the contract price after taking into
account the defendants' payments totalling $220,522.84. The plaintiffs also
worked under time constraints as the project was completed by 20 October 1998.

38\. The commencement date was however disputed by the defendants who produced
Vivendi's endorsement signalling approval of the defendants' drawings to prove
that work could only have commenced on or after 7 October 1998. The defendants
also produced a memorandum (exhibit D1) from Vivendi dated 11 October 1998
stating that only certain works needed to be completed by 28 October 1998 for
the visit to Singapore by the president of Vivendi. Lamine however said (N/E
458) that by end October the plaintiffs had completed 70% of the partition
works.

39\. Contrary to the defendants' stand, Ng said the plaintiffs' scope of works
excluded submission fees by the appointed architects (DP Architects) and M & E
engineers (Meinhardt Pte Ltd). He said this was made clear by the defendants'
bill of quantities dated 23 September 1998 (see 2AB7-8) which contained the
following note (the Note):-

> This quotation does not include:
>
> 1\. Submission fee to DP Architects and Meinhardt Pte Ltd
>
> 2\. M & E Woks are subjects for actual site measurement.

In any case Ng argued, the architects and engineers were not appointed by the
plaintiffs but by the owners of Centennial Tower, so why should the plaintiffs
be responsible for their fees?

40\. In the above regard, Lamine had testified (N/E 454) which evidence was
echoed by the first plaintiff (N/E 232), that he and the first plaintiff
signed the bill of quantities because the _payment was way below the normal
cost and [he] wanted a strong commitment on the price;_ other contractors
would have charged easily $300,000. Yet Lamine also said (N/E 437) that the
project was not a lump sum contract. The plaintiffs produced their copy of the
bill of quantities (exhibit P8) which contained the Note whereas it was
missing from the defendants' copy (exhibit D2).

41\. On the signatures in the bill of quantities, Jean Marc testified (N/E
779) that as he was/is in charge of purchase orders, why should anyone else
sign for the defendants? He added that when he handed the bill of quantities
to Ng, it did not contain either Lamine's or the first plaintiff’s signatures
nor the Note. He pointed out that in lump sum contracts, quantities are never
specified. Conversely, if quantities are specified, it would not be a lump sum
contract.

42\. The defendants' interior designer Anthony Acaban (who is also in charge
of costing together with Jean Marc) testified (N/E 576) that when he prepared
the bill of quantities it did not include the Note; he first discovered there
were signatures (which he did not recognise) on the Vivendi bill of quantities
when P8 was shown to him by the defendants' solicitors in May 2000. Acaban
(DW7) said that P8 should not be with the plaintiffs as the defendants
normally fax or gave a photocopy of, but not the original, bill of quantities
to their contractors. When he checked his own computer copy of the bill of
quantities, Acaban found there was no annotation thereon other than for GST
(goods and services tax). Acaban explained that the software (Microsoft's
EXCEL) used to print bill of quantities was commonly used in the defendants'
office and his files were accessible to everyone (including Lamine) as they
were not locked but kept on a window-ledge; no one needed his permission to
look at the files. When counsel for the plaintiffs (N/E 625) showed the
originals (exhibits P11-12) of other bills of quantities (L'oreal, Rogers &
Wells, AXA) as well as Vivendi’s to him, Acaban said he did not know how the
same came to be in the plaintiffs' possession as he had not handed them the
originals; on Jacqueline's instructions, original bills of quantities were
kept in the defendants' files. Acaban noted that the second original (P11) of
the Vivendi bill of quantities produced by the plaintiffs had 12 October 1998
as the date whereas the first (P8) bore the date 23 September 1998.

43\. Jacqueline deposed that because the plaintiffs failed to do the requisite
submissions, the defendants engaged DP Architects Pte Ltd and professional
engineers Meinhardt to submit all the necessary plans, blueprints and drawings
to the relevant authorities and to oversee the project at a cost of $4,680 and
$12,793.84 respectively (see DB337). She further alleged that the plaintiffs
failed to provide certain (decorative) light fittings and the plaintiffs had
to obtain them from Million Lighting Pte Ltd at a cost of $1,450. She also
complained about the plaintiffs' workmanship and the poor quality of their
materials resulting in pieces of furniture being rejected by Vivendi, relying
on correspondence in the defendants' bundle of documents between the
plaintiffs, defendants and Vivendi in support thereof. These defects caused
the defendants to be out-of-pocket (by $23,071) in having to engage other
contractors to carry out rectification works. Jacqueline pointed out that if
rectification works resulted from the plaintiffs' mistakes, the defendants
would not issue a purchase order to acknowledge liability. Her allegations
were denied by Ng who said the plaintiffs' only responsibility was to provide
ordinary not decorative lights and, the plaintiffs' workmanship was
acceptable, given the time constraints.

44\. A perusal of the drawings (see 2AB1-95) for the Vivendi project revealed
that the drawings had dates which varied from 9 September 1998 to 5 January
1999. Against Ng's claim that the plaintiffs started work on 22 September
1998, the defendants produced a letter dated 18 August 1998 (see DSB50) from
Centennial Tower's owners (Marina Properties Pte Ltd) to Vivendi giving notice
that the fitting-out period would be one (1) month from 1 October 1998. This
was reinforced by a letter to Vivendi from Millenia Singapore (see 2AB96)
which stated that the fitting out works would commence on 1 October 1998 and
be completed by 10 November 1998.

45\. I had also noted that the two (2) copies of the bills of quantities
exhibited in court namely the plaintiffs' (P8) and the defendants' copy (D2)
did not have unit costs; however the plaintiffs' second copy (P11) had the
unit charge as well as the total cost. I find it strange that the plaintiffs
should have what appears to be two (2) originals of the same bill of
quantities and yet the two copies are not mirror images of each other … they
bore different dates and different contents. In the light of the testimony of
Acaban and Jean Marc which I believe, I am certain that it was not the
defendants but Lamine, who handed P8 or P11 to the plaintiffs. The following
observations are also pertinent:-

> i. the plaintiffs' bundle of documents filed on 2 May 2000 did not include
> P8 or P11 although they included the defendants' purchase order no 1534
> dated 23 September 1998 for $200,000; the purchase order stated _**Please
> see details enclosed**_ but the details presumably the bill of quantities,
> was missing from their bundle;
>
> ii it was only in their second bundle of documents filed on 15 May 1998 that
> the plaintiffs included the bill of quantities which original was P8; this
> was _after_ Ng had started his testimony. The plaintiffs produced P11 on 25
> May 1998 _after_ Acaban was recalled to the witness stand;
>
> iii. neither P8 nor P11 appeared in the plaintiffs' list of documents.

The question which arises is, why did the plaintiffs not produce their copies
of the bill of quantities earlier? I surmise the plaintiffs deliberately
withheld disclosing the document earlier because the original format (D2) was
unfavourable to their claim. It is also my belief that P8 and P11 came into
their possession through Lamine who printed out the same using EXCEL software
after altering the contents to suit the plaintiffs' claim. Similarly it was
Lamine who procured for the plaintiffs the other original bills of quantities
shown to Acaban. Lamine gave the plaintiffs two versions of the bill of
quantities which differed from D2 to help them overcome the problem that they
had agreed (through their father) to do the project for a lump sum of
$200,000. I note that neither Ng nor Lamine proffered any explanation why they
would have two originals of the same bill of quantities but with different
contents.

46\. It is equally noteworthy that although Lamine supported Ng's evidence
that submission to the relevant authorities was outside the plaintiffs' scope
of work, he himself had written to Meinhardt on 8, 12 and 13 October (see
DSB57-59) requesting for M & E drawings. Earlier on, by a letter dated 17
September 1998 (DSB55) to Vivendi (copied to the defendants and attentioned to
Lamine) from Marina Properties Pte Ltd, Vivendi was _required to engage the
landlord's consultants for the necessary submission to relevant_ _authorities
for the above by 21 September 1998_. It therefore does not lie in the mouth of
Lamine to assert otherwise. He well knew that the entire project was to be
undertaken by the plaintiffs on the defendants' behalf; if submission was part
of the defendants' obligation, there was no reason for the defendants not to
pass the responsibility onto the plaintiffs. Sometimes, I could not understand
Lamine's evidence. I cite as an example, his testimony that carpets were part
of the plaintiffs' scope of works (N/E 460); yet, in the next breath, Lamine
said the work was not done by the plaintiffs _like most of the projects_.

47\. In the light of my findings, I am of the view that the plaintiffs' claim
for Vivendi is highly suspect. They could not have commenced work by 23
September 1998 as Ng claimed let alone completed the project by 20 October
1998 (although that may have been the target date) when Vivendi was only
allowed to commence work on 1 October 1998. Their evidence that they had to
re-do approximately 85% of the work done by 9 October 1998 because of design
changes was also refuted by Delphine (N/E 594) who said that was not possible
when the plaintiffs had only started work on 1 October 1998. Further, the
plaintiffs' quotations were largely duplications of works requested in the
defendants' 13 purchase orders. Those purchase orders added up to $34,629.50
for extra works not included in the bill of quantities dated 23 September
1998. Therefore it was incorrect for the plaintiffs to claim the contract was
only for a lowly $200,000 … the actual figure was $234,629.50. There were also
numerous complaints from Vivendi on the plaintiffs' workmanship; these went
unheeded or were not satisfactorily attended to. The plaintiffs were
responsible for but failed to make, submissions through DP Architects and
Meinhardt Pte Ltd for what was actually a turn-key project.

48\. Accordingly, the plaintiffs are liable on the counterclaim for the
expenses the defendants incurred in engaging the aforementioned architects and
engineers to do the necessary submissions and for failing to supply some of
the lights provided in the bill of quantities. The bill of quantities in D2
governs this contract, not P8 or P11 which documents I reject for the reasons
set out earlier. Against the total contract value of $234,629.50 the
defendants have paid $220,522.84. They are entitled to retain the difference
($14,106.66) pending the determination of their counterclaim. It was also
Jacqueline's evidence (N/E 757) which I have no reason to doubt, that the
defendants' final measurements showed omissions of $23,000 from the
plaintiffs' scope of works. These included the plaintiffs' failure to supply
and install carpets for which the defendants engaged Palova Marketing &
Services (Palova) to do so at a cost of $1,045, according to the testimony of
Palova's director Koh Swee Lian. Accordingly, the defendants are entitled,
after assessment by the Registrar, to payment from the plaintiffs for such
omissions.

_(v)**L'oreal** _

49\. I move next to the L'oreal fitting-out contract at Winsland House; this
was the last project the plaintiffs completed for the defendants before their
relationship soured; it was also the largest in terms of value, being
$597,309.12 if one relies on the defendants' bill of quantities dated 17
December 1998. The defendants admitted owing the plaintiffs a balance of
$67,150.12 which payment they said they withheld because of the plaintiffs'
inferior workmanship and materials. It necessitated the defendants having to
engage three (3) other contractors to rectify or do works omitted by the
plaintiffs which cost ($2,817.80) they sought to set-off against the balance
sum owed to the plaintiffs. One of the contractors engaged by the defendants
was Parisan Interior Dcor whose sole-proprietor Lim Kim Mook (DW2) testified
he visited the site with David Chua in March and July 1999 after which he
carried out remedial works on the instructions of L'oreal's representative. He
charged and was paid, $4,473 for his work. Another contractor called to
testify by the defendants was Palova whose director Koh Swee Lian (DW4) said
her company was instructed by the defendants to supply and install carpets and
wallpaper in December 1998, in the total sum of $42,940.20.

50\. The plaintiffs on the other hand originally claimed $611,045.63 for this
contract. They then deducted $41,501.73 for carpets, chairs and wallpaper
which they admitted were not supplied thereby reducing their claim to
$569,543.90 of which a balance of $63,500 was still owing by the defendants.
The first plaintiff who was in charge of the project, denied the defendants'
allegations of poor workmanship and materials. He also denied that the
plaintiffs failed to carry out rectification works which in any case were
minor defects which only required touch-ups. The rush job had to be completed
in just 5 weeks and, in order to meet the deadline, the plaintiffs had at
least 200 workers on site day and night for 2 weeks. The designers ERA
Construction (ERA) were surprised but pleased so much so that the plaintiffs
were given more work by L'oreal which they were still doing as at the date of
trial.

51\. The first plaintiff claimed there were no complaints from ERA after the
plaintiffs handed over the project in January 1999. He said the plaintiffs had
based their scope of works on the defendants' bill of quantities dated 11
December 1998 (AB163) in the sum of $585,017.23 notwithstanding that the
plaintiffs received the later bill of quantities dated 17 December 1998. He
denied that the parties were still in negotiations on the bill of quantities
as at 17 December 1998 insisting that the price of $611,045.63 had been orally
agreed. In any case the defendants gave the plaintiffs 4-5 bills of quantities
for this project.

52\. The first plaintiff acknowledged that sometimes the plaintiffs sent more
than one quotation for the same item (tempered glass door being an example).
However, this was to allow the defendants to select and the plaintiffs would
only charge the defendants for, one quotation. Contrary to the defendants'
assertion that they only paid against purchase orders they issued to the
plaintiffs, the first plaintiff highlighted various quotations the plaintiffs
had issued to and which were paid by, the defendants without purchase orders
being issued by the latter. Re-examined by his counsel, the first plaintiff
added that the plaintiffs had in fact under-claimed as they had omitted to
include certain quotations and variations orders for this project.

53\. The defendants on the other hand relied on the later bill of quantities
dated 17 December 1998 (see DB429-433) which terms (item 1) clearly stated it
superseded a previous quotation dated 24 November 1998 while item 24 stated:
_This quotation are[sic] subject for actual site measurement_. Consequently,
the defendants argued, whatever the bill of quantities issued to the
plaintiffs, the final amount payable to the plaintiffs was subject to
measurements.

54\. As for the bill of quantities (dated 11 December 1998) upon which the
plaintiffs relied, Acaban explained that it was subject to additions and
deletions of items of work as requested by L'oreal; that was one of five (5)
bills (he prepared) which were given to the plaintiffs in on-going
negotiations on the scope of work and pricing. He confirmed that he did take
into account where warranted, the plaintiffs' variation claims, by issuing
purchase orders on the defendants' behalf. According to counsel for the
defendants, the plaintiffs duplicated in some of their variations orders, work
for which purchase orders had been issued by the defendants.

55\. In her testimony, Jacqueline said she was in charge of the site as
L'oreal did not want Lamine's presence. Hence, she knew exactly what work the
plaintiffs did or omitted to do. She explained that (N/E 696) she did not
accept the late suggestion of plaintiffs’ counsel to appoint a quantity
surveyor to assess the work done by the plaintiffs because the defendants had
done substantial rectification works and what can be seen at site would not
reflect the plaintiffs' work/workmanship. Although the defendants had been
paid on its last invoice (N/E 769), Jacqueline said there was no and could be
no, final account with L'oreal upon which the defendants could claim because
her company was still attending to defects. Even so, she was convinced she did
not owe the plaintiffs anything.

56\. At a late stage, the plaintiffs produced a copy of the defendants' tax
invoice no. 048-99 in the sum of $698,850.13 addressed to Cosmetique De France
(the agents/distributors of L'oreal) to support their claim. They argued that
if the defendants themselves claimed variations orders from L'oreal and were
paid, the defendants could not deny the six (6) variation claims of the
plaintiffs. For that reason, counsel for the plaintiffs attempted (during the
trial) to have the defendants produce (inter alia), their invoices, variation
orders, quotations, receipts etc rendered for 13 projects including Vivendi.
The notice to produce was objected to by counsel for the defendants which
objection I upheld not only because it was made _after_ the 10th day of trial
but, also because it would not achieve the plaintiffs' intended purpose.

57\. In the above regard, I noted that throughout the trial the plaintiffs (as
well as their counsel), repeatedly maintained that the defendants were/are
main contractors who sub-contracted entire projects to the plaintiffs; the
defendants then marked-up the plaintiffs' prices when they invoiced their own
clients in order to make a profit. That is too simplistic a view and with
respect, it is also erroneous. Jacqueline, when questioned by counsel for the
plaintiffs as to Lamine's and her role on site, said (N/E 675) he/she
represented the client, not the defendants; this is correct. The defendants'
role, contrary to the plaintiffs' perception was not really that of a main
contractor. It was more akin to that of a clerk-of-works entrusted with the
task of supervising projects for their employer. Hence, the defendants charged
their clients a profit and attendance fee. They assumed a supervisory role
because the defendants' clients did not wish to do so or, to engage a clerk of
works and, they were happy to pay the defendants to take over the
responsibility. That being the case, the plaintiffs' argument that they were
entitled to be paid in turn if the defendants had been paid by their own
clients is misconceived.

58\. In the course of cross-examination, counsel for the defendants had
suggested (N/E 239) to the first plaintiff that just before the L'oreal
project was awarded to the plaintiffs, the plaintiffs and their father had
already planned to set up a company with Lamine on the latter's
representations that he would be able to secure French clients for the new
company and thereby by-pass the defendants. However, because Lamine was not
able to deliver what he had promised (save for small jobs from Renault and
L'oreal) the plaintiffs and Lamine then decided to make this claim against the
defendants. That was the reason why the defendants were not even aware of some
quotations as the work done therein was meant to be gratis. Counsel
highlighted the fact that although L'oreal project was twice that in value of
Publicis Eureka, yet the plaintiffs only issued 6 variation orders as against
18 for the latter. He suggested to the first plaintiff that the reason was
because the plaintiffs realised that they could no longer inflate or make
double claims because Lamine was no longer in charge of the defendants'
projects. This allegation was vehemently denied by the first plaintiff. I
shall make my observations on Lamine's testimony at a later stage.

59\. I find it strange that the defendants would issue subsequent bills of
quantities if indeed only that dated 11 December 1998 was meant to govern the
L'oreal project. The defendants must have issued the (undisputed) 4-5 bills of
quantities for purposes of negotiations as Acaban testified. That being the
case, the plaintiffs cannot conveniently rely on an earlier bill of quantities
and not those that came later which one can safely assume would revise or
supersede the former. I suspect they did so in order to avoid item 24 (supra
para 53) of the terms stated in the defendants' bill of quantities dated 17
December 1998 … that it was a measurement contract. That being the case, the
plaintiffs' work is subject to measurements and until measured, their claim
for this project is premature.

_(vi)**Publicis Eureka (Publicis)**_

60\. This project at King's Centre was under the charge of the first plaintiff
and was completed in December 1998. On the defendants' part, Lamine was
removed from charge, in accordance with the wishes of Publicis, although this
was denied by Lamine who claimed he was still on very good terms with the
company. The plaintiffs claimed $299,772.10 on which a balance of $59,772.10
was still outstanding, the defendants having paid $240,000.

61\. The defendants on the other hand contended that the contract value was
$281,820.50 based on their bill of quantities dated 20 November 1998 (see
DB375). They alleged that the plaintiffs failed to complete the work specified
in the said bill of quantities necessitating the defendants having to engage
third parties to do so. In her written testimony (para 81), Jacqueline listed
11 omissions and 9 items of the plaintiffs' work which required rectification.
The defendants produced photographs (see DSB2-36) to substantiate their
allegations and also letters from Publicis dated between 22 December 1998 and
15 November 1999 containing complaints on the defects; it included a letter
dated 11 May 1999 to Jacqueline from Ivan Chong the CEO of Publicis which
contained the following paragraph:

> We are disappointed that the workmanship is not up to standard. All the
> locks and doorknobs gave way within weeks and as you mentioned, the office
> is just 4 months old! The Boardroom table was badly done despite the
> touching up work. The joints have cracked.

Jacqueline and David Chua said they also had to suffer the indignity of being
shouted at by Ivan Chong (N/E 635, 680) in the presence of the staff of
Publicis because of the plaintiffs' bad workmanship. The defendants (via
Jacqueline) had to give a letter of warranty to Publicis (see DB400-401) dated
3 June 1999 covering manufacturing defects by reason of design, materials and
workmanship; otherwise the defendants would not be paid the balance sum owed
by Publicis. The defendants contended they were entitled to deduct from the
balance owed to the plaintiffs the costs of work and rectification totalling
$41,820.50. In fact, according to Jacqueline (N/E 771) the defendants were
still attending to defects in Publicis which they were not claiming from the
plaintiffs.

62\. To substantiate the defendants' allegation of defects, Lim Kim Mook of
Parisan Interior Dcor testified that he accompanied David Chua for a site
inspection in April 1999 after which, on the instructions of someone from
Publicis, he carried out rectification works for which he billed the
defendants and was paid, $6,895. The defendants' supervisor LKL (DW5) also
testified that for flooring works, the plaintiffs provided ordinary paint
instead of epoxy floor finish as stipulated in the bill of quantities;
according to Jacqueline (N/E 775) epoxy floor finish was more than a paint --
it provided protection, had 5-10 years guarantee and could withstand heavy
traffic. It was therefore better suited for workshops and factories.

63\. The first plaintiff did not deny that the plaintiffs failed to carry out
certain works. He had deducted the cost ($16,344.40) of three (3) items which
the plaintiffs did not do namely: (i) painting ($6,000), (ii) chairs ($2,920)
and carpets ($7,424.40) from the contract sum of $281,820.50 thereby reducing
it to $265,476.10. However, he claimed a further $34,296 for additional works
and variations carried out by the plaintiffs; hence the contract amount
increased to $299,772.10. He denied there were defects but said touch-ups were
required (N/E 129). The first plaintiff spent considerable time in the witness
box detailing the work which comprised the plaintiffs' additional claims. When
shown an invoice (DB379-380) of Kemvet dated 10 February 2000 engaged by the
defendants to attend to four (4) defects, the first plaintiff denied it was to
rectify the plaintiffs' work. Kemvet's managing director WCS (DW3) however
testified he carried out the work on an urgent basis for the defendants; his
testimony was not challenged by the plaintiffs.

64\. In an attempt to reduce the areas of dispute (touching on additional as
well as rectification works) between the parties, I had instructed the parties
to visit the premises of Publicis in the midst of trial. According to the
plaintiffs, the defendants refused entry to Lamine but the defendants
countered that access was denied by Publicis, who considered Lamine _persona
non grata_ apparently because he had a skirmish with the company's top
management (N/E 260) at the beginning of the project. The outcome of the site
visit on 13 May 2000 (see N/E 258-260) was, that some measurements were taken
but not completed; the defendants but not the plaintiffs, were willing to
continue the inspection exercise on Sunday 14 May 2000. Measurements for
partitions, cornices and skirting were agreed to by the plaintiffs. Part of
the difficulty was due to the fact that alterations were made after the
plaintiffs completed the project and the defendants were unable to verify
whether certain items were variation orders. Hence, nothing conclusive or
useful came out of the site inspection.

65\. There were some items in the Publicis project for which the defendants
are clearly not liable. The first was an item of work directly requested by
Publicis -- to supply power to two separate divisions. In their quotation
BK1350 (see SAB29) the plaintiffs themselves stated: _Please be informed that
according to owner [sic] instruction…We have quoted owner $1,000 for the above
separation_. The plaintiffs should look to Publicis for this claim. In
addition, the plaintiffs are not entitled to their claims for mounting of the
logo and television set, as set out in their quotation BK 9243. According to
Delphine (N/E 594/613), the plaintiffs mounted the television set on the wall
instead of on the ceiling as it was intended, because the ceiling board they
provided at the reception area could not take the weight. The gypsum board
they installed could not support the logo and had to be reinforced. Had the
plaintiffs visited the old office of Publicis as they should have, they would
have known beforehand of the size and weight of both items and the positioning
requirements. Why then should the defendants have to pay for works which they
either did not order or were necessitated by the plaintiffs' own fault?
Neither can the plaintiffs claim for the work done in BK 9264 to provide a
wood-cap/cover for the projector screen. It was Jacqueline's testimony that
when Ivan Chong shouted at her in the presence of the first plaintiff for the
poor (but expensive) workmanship of the plaintiffs and Ivan Chong inquired
whether it was too much to ask for the screen to have a cover, the first
plaintiff indicated he would provide the same but did not mention he would
charge for it.

66\. If a picture is worth a thousand words, then the photographs taken by the
defendants spoke volumes of the plaintiffs' workmanship as they showed:-

> (i) inferior materials being used (empty plywood) for cabinets rendering the
> table-tops being too weak to take the weight of such equipment as monitors;
>
> (ii) ordinary paint instead of epoxy finish being used for flooring;
>
> (iii) skirting which was cracked or badly joined or fell off or not done at
> all exposing wiring which should have been concealed;
>
> (iv) poor tiling works;
>
> (v) cracks on joints between partitions;
>
> (vi) uneven plastering;
>
> (vii) cracking of laminate;
>
> (viii) cracks in ceiling boards.
>
> (ix) door handles which dropped off and faulty keys which could not lock.

Delphine had also testified on the plaintiffs' poor workmanship (N/E 612). She
said the plaintiffs could not as they were supposed to, dismantle the
boardroom table from Publicis' previous office, for reasons unknown to her.
Hence, the plaintiffs manufactured a new boardroom table which cracked as did
the table they made for Ivan Chong.

67\. The plaintiffs had agreed to the defendants' measurements (see AB341 and
N/E 282) after the joint site visit on 13 May 2000 but not to the defendants'
deduction of 1,581.12m for omissions from the bill of quantities. The first
plaintiff explained that was because what he saw at site was not what was
handed over by the plaintiffs in 1998 – items such as partitions had been
removed as could be seen from the photographs in exhibit P2 which he took.

68\. In the light of the bad workmanship shown in the defendants' photographs
in DSB2-36, the plaintiffs cannot succeed on their reduced claim for
$55,788.10 ($59,772.10 less the sums of $1,545, $1,380 and $1,059 conceded by
the first plaintiff); their work was not of an acceptable standard. I do not
see why the defendants should be liable for defective works which they or
Publicis subsequently removed; such removal would not have been necessary had
the plaintiffs done the work properly in the first place. Accordingly, the
defendants are entitled to a set-off for the omitted works totalling 1,581.12m
when assessed as well as for the costs of rectification.

_(vii)**Lancome**_

69\. The defendants admitted owing the plaintiffs a balance of $400 on this
project (for counters) but not the sum claimed of $5,240 based on three (3)
variation quotations issued by the plaintiffs in October 1998. The defendants
pleaded that payment was withheld pending final accounting and rectification
of defective works. Jacqueline deposed that the defendants neither received
nor accepted the October quotations. On the other hand, the second plaintiff
who was in charge of this project, blamed the defendants' designer (who he did
not name); he alleged she was not sure about the design and had reduced the
height by 200 mm after the plaintiffs had completed the work with
consequential alterations having to be made to doors and other structures
involving additional costs. Questioned on whether the plaintiffs followed the
defendants' drawing/layout, the second plaintiff could only remember there
were some alterations but not whether they were due to changes in drawings
(N/E 41). Although he had testified (N/E 14) it was his practice to write the
word **done** on the plaintiffs' quotations to indicate work which had been
carried out and he had so written on BK 9129 (see AB25) for the supply of
stools, under cross-examination (N/E 46/97), the second plaintiff conceded
that it was the defendants who purchased the counter stools.

70\. Delphine had testified (N/E 592/602) that the plaintiffs' fabrication of
the counters was 350 mm short of the required 3.5m and some work was not done
while the finish was poor. She further testified that she had purchased the
mirrors which formed part of the plaintiffs' claim in BK 9084 on which again
the second plaintiff had written the word **done**. The poor quality of the
plaintiffs' work was reflected in Lamine's faxes (2) to them dated 22 October
1998. The new counters were the subject of one of the plaintiffs' additional
claims. Another problem was the promo-tank showcase meant for promotion of
Lancome's products. The acrylic piece provided by the plaintiffs for the
counter top did not fit properly with the result that Lancome rejected the
same and ordered a replacement from France. Because of the defects, all the
counters at Metro store (at The Paragon) had to be replaced. The defendants
produced faxes from Delphine and Lamine to the plaintiffs (DB109-112) in this
regard.

71\. It would seem that, like the Hugo Boss project, the Lancome project was
further proof of the plaintiffs' inexperience with counters. The second
plaintiff was evasive when cross-examined on this project. I do not see why
the defendants have to pay the plaintiffs twice, once for counters which were
not properly fabricated and the second time for replacement of the rejected
counters, nor for the alteration of the promo-tank when all the additional
works resulted from the plaintiffs' bad workmanship and inability to follow
the defendants' drawings. It was also undisputed that the plaintiffs did not
supply the counter stools. Accordingly, the plaintiffs' claim for $5,240 is
rejected while the sum ($400) admitted by the defendants to be still owing to
them with be withheld pending assessment of the defendants' counterclaim.

_(viii)**The French Embassy** _

72\. The plaintiffs claimed the sum of $14,321.50 over and above the sum of
$6,631 the defendants agreed to pay under two (2) purchase orders. The work
was carried out at two (2) apartments occupied by staff of the French Embassy
at Block 253 #03-10 and at Block 255C #14-23 respectively, at Hillcrest
Arcadia. The defendants refused to accept the plaintiffs' quotations for
$14,321.50 on the basis that the works stated therein were not requested by
them.

73\. The first plaintiff was in charge of Hillcrest Arcadia. He testified that
the works were carried out at the request of embassy staff and on the
instructions of Lamine. These included changing a door lock, clearing waste
water pipe blockage, supplying and installing ceiling fans, aluminium sliding
doors, mosquito netting, hot water heater, drawer cabinet etc. However, he
withdrew claims in items 1 and 4 of the plaintiffs' quotation BK 9020
totalling $650.

74\. At my suggestion, representatives of the defendants visited the 2
apartments after which their counsel informed the court (N/E 137) that the
defendants would not contest claims for items which the plaintiffs installed
provided that the latter were able to produce invoices or receipts evidencing
such purchases. The defendants also conceded liability on the plaintiffs'
quotation BK 9048/A (see AB 296-7) for $1,750 save for one item (no. 3 for
$100) and agreed to pay the sum of $240 claimed in BK 9013. The burden is now
on the plaintiffs to substantiate the sum claimed therein as well as furnish
proof of purchase of the ceiling fans quoted in BK 9028. Consequently, the
plaintiffs succeed in this claim on liability only and the quantum of their
claim has to be agreed with the defendants or failing that, to be assessed.

_(ix)**AGF Insurance**_

75\. The defendants asserted they had paid the plaintiffs in full the contract
sum totalling $6,400 encapsulated in three (3) purchase orders. The plaintiffs
claimed a further sum of $650 in their quotation BK 9017 (AB 270) dated 1
September 1998 for dismantling and disposing of partitions. This claim was
subsequently withdrawn during the trial.

_(x)**Other projects**_

_a. Parsing (FE) Pte Ltd_

76\. The defendants did not deny owing the plaintiffs a balance of $8,986 on
the contract sum of $10,286. They asserted (through Jacqueline) that they
withheld the balance as retention monies pending the finalisation of accounts
and as a set-off against the cost of rectifying the plaintiffs' defective
works. In the light of my earlier findings, the defendants were justified in
withholding payment of the balance sum.

_b. Perising Pte Ltd_

77\. Similarly, the defendants did not dispute liability for the small sum of
$480 claimed by the plaintiffs but again raised the defence of set-off for the
cost of remedying defects in the plaintiffs' work. Again I am of the view that
they were entitled to do so.

_c. Rochas_

78\. The defendants requested the plaintiffs to make and supply display racks,
cabinets etc at Metro outlets (Woodlands and The Paragon) and at Seiyu. They
did not pay the plaintiffs the contract sum of $20,270 at all, again for the
reasons stated in para 76. I hold they were justified in not paying.

_d. Cosmopolitan - Gucci_

79\. The defendants similarly did not pay the admitted contract sum of $12,000
for the same reasons given above, for which I believe they were justified.

_e. Dragages Singapore Pte Ltd_ (_Dragages)_

80\. The defendants admitted to a contract sum of $24,657 by their bill of
quantities dated 8 February 1999 on which they had paid $20,000 by a personal
cheque from Jacqueline. They further maintained that the bill of quantities
was a final account between the parties. The second plaintiff (who was in
charge of this project) denied this however and claimed another $32,651 on top
of the contract sum (reduced from $32,994 by their counsel on the first day of
trial). The figure of $32,651 is also incorrect and should be $32,551. In
fact, the plaintiffs initially contended that the contract price was $25,000
until the defendants produced the bill of quantities. The second plaintiff
said the further sum pertained to variations and additions for the renovation
works carried out on two (2) floors of Jit Poh Building between August and
October 1998. Although he initially denied receiving the bill of quantities in
February 1999 (see N/E 64 which document was not in the plaintiffs' bundle of
documents), the second plaintiff subsequently testified (N/E 68) that the bill
of quantities was the main contract given to him before work commenced. Cross-
examined, in particular on whether he had double-invoiced the defendants for
items already included in the bill of quantities, the second plaintiff's stock
answers were either _'can't remember'_ or _'not sure'_ or _'I have to check_ '
which supposed checks came to nought. His cross-examination (see N/E 67-70)
revealed that the plaintiffs were clearly attempting (in their quotations) to
recover the costs of rectifying defects in their works or the cost of
dismantling works which had been previously rejected by the defendants.

81\. I totally reject the plaintiffs' claim on the Dragages project. It was
clear from the highly unsatisfactory answers given by the second plaintiff
under cross-examination coupled with examples of double claims which counsel
for the defendants had highlighted to him, that the claim for $32,994 was
completely unmeritorious. What is even more obvious was that the bill of
quantities was dated four (4) months _after_ the plaintiffs had completed the
project. Its purpose could only have been that it was meant to be a final
account between the parties, not for the plaintiffs to commence work and that
final account took into consideration all variation works. Yet, the plaintiffs
deliberately failed to disclose the document (which had been faxed to them) or
even to refer to it either in their (limited) pleadings or in the second
plaintiff's written testimony because, it was to their disadvantage to do so.
I should add that at one stage, I reprimanded the second plaintiff and
reminded him that he was giving evidence under oath with the consequences of
perjury as, he was testifying with a complete disregard for the truth. The
defendants will have to pay the plaintiffs the balance of $4,657 subject to
the right of set-off for sums found on assessment to be due to the defendants
on their counterclaim.

_f. Cosmopolitan - Seiyu (Bugis Junction)_

82\. The contract sum for this project was $40,116 on which the defendants
paid $31,576. They asserted payment of the balance ($8,540) was withheld
because of defects in the plaintiffs' works. The second plaintiff who was in
charge of this project, claimed he negotiated and agreed with Lamine, on
additional sums totalling $4,355 reflected in the plaintiffs' seven (7)
quotations variously dated between 14 August and 9 November 1998. Cross-
examined, the second plaintiff could only assert that the work described in
the quotations was done at Lamine's request; he denied they related to
abortive or remedial works or works which were already included in the
defendants' purchase orders (10) issued for this project.

83\. What is remarkable about this claim is, that the plaintiffs' quotations
of which BK 8900 (AB35) is an example, contained these words:

> Terms of payment: 40% downpayment under confirmation
>
> 30% progressive payment
>
> 30% upon completion of job

At other times, as can be seen from BK 8930 (AB36), the plaintiffs' quotations
contained these words:

Agreed & Confirmed by

……………………………

APRIM (FAR EAST) PTE LTD

Why then would the plaintiffs do the work which they claimed they did when
they were neither paid a deposit nor was the quotation confirmed, by the
defendants? I entertain considerable doubts on the authenticity of this claim
and I believe, for reasons which I will elaborate on later, that these
quotations were fabricated by the plaintiffs – the alleged works reflected
therein were not done.

_g. French Business Centre (No 89 Neil Road)_

84\. The defendants admitted owing the plaintiffs the contract sum of $1,180
which again they refused to pay pending final accounting and rectification
works; I agree they were justified in so doing.

_h. Eurasia Fragrance_

85\. There was a small claim for $180 by the plaintiffs for installation of a
cabinet lock. The defendants denied liability on the ground they did not
request for the lock. Cross-examined (N/E 72), the second plaintiff said other
than his own testimony, he had no evidence such as an invoice to prove this
claim. Accordingly, this claim is rejected.

_i. EURO RSCG_

86\. On this project it was the defendants who claimed a sum of $99,729.60
from the plaintiffs alleging that the latter have been overpaid by that amount
as the plaintiffs had omitted certain works and or provided less quantities
(after measurements) than that set out in the contract. The second plaintiff
did not deny that the plaintiffs owed the defendants some monies on this
contract but claimed he did not know the exact amount. The first plaintiff
claimed (N/E 136) he was confused because when the defendants paid the
plaintiffs $100,000 by payment voucher no. 5680 on 4 December 1998 (DB531B),
there was no mention in the payment voucher that part of the payment
$59,043.40) was meant for EURO RSCG. The second plaintiff complained that the
defendants would pay the plaintiffs and then change their minds later on what
the payments were for.

87\. David Chua however, testified (N/E 629) that after the plaintiffs were
paid $100,000 by payment voucher no. 5680, he had sent them a fax on 17
December 1998 (DB531A) giving a breakdown for the amount including $59,043.40
for EURO RSCG. Contrary to the plaintiffs' allegations, David Chua said it was
only occasionally that he changed the payment details by faxing to the
plaintiffs a few days after they had been paid. I accept that the plaintiffs
were overpaid by $99,729.60 by the defendants and accordingly the defendants
succeed on their counterclaim for this amount.

_The testimony of the witnesses_

88\. I turn now to make some observations on the key witnesses for this case.
The second plaintiff (PW1) had testified (N/E 14/20) that it was his practice
to write the word _done_ whenever he completes a job. His brother (the first
plaintiff) on the other hand (see N/E 160) said sometimes he ticked but at
other times he did not, items when the works were done but, when not done, he
would write the words _not done_. At another stage of his cross-examination,
the first plaintiff (N/E 189) changed his testimony to say when he wrote the
words _job done_ , he meant it was an additional job required. I am unable to
accept his testimony at face value. As an example, I refer to the plaintiffs'
quotation BK 9129 at AB25 which has already been discredited. Although the
word _done_ was written thereon by the first plaintiff, he had admitted under
cross-examination, that the plaintiffs did not supply the counter stools to
Lancome. There is no assurance that he did not make the same mistake with
regards to other quotations where he wrote the word _done_.

89\. Counsel for the defendants had also suggested (N/E 180) to the first
plaintiff that his family had planned (in December 1998) to set up another
company to compete with the defendants. It was then that the plaintiffs
started to issue the quotations which were the subject of their claim and
which had been previously rejected by Lamine. Although the first plaintiff
denied counsel's suggestion, he nevertheless could not satisfactorily explain
why he, his father or brother, never thought of approaching the defendants'
directors to inquire why the latter did not pay the outstanding amounts under
the numerous quotations, particularly when the second plaintiff admitted he
was at the defendants' office practically every day (N/E 37). The first
plaintiff could only say lamely that his father had requested payment; the
requests were all verbal save for one letter to the defendants in February-
March 1999.

90\. In the course of cross-examination, counsel for the defendants had
inquired of Lamine (N/E 481) why all the plaintiffs' invoices (which formed
the basis of their claim) were variously dated between August and December
1998, after Lamine had broken up with Jacqueline. The defendants contended
that Lamine initiated this claim to exact his revenge on Jacqueline whose
relationship with him terminated after Jean Marc (and his sister) came from
France to join the defendants around September 1997. Lamine naturally denied
(N/E 392) this allegation, he claimed he was not involved in let alone that he
had masterminded, this suit. He said he only knew he would be called as a
witness by the plaintiffs very late in the day.

91\. At this juncture, I need to digress to consider the testimony of an
independent witness called by the defendants to corroborate their claim that
Lamine indeed had an axe to grind against them. The witness was Frans Karel
Bogaert (Bogaert) a senior vice-president of a multinational company and a
personal friend of Jacqueline. I should also point out that counsel for the
plaintiffs objected strenuously to paras 5 and 6 of Bogaert's written
testimony, complaining that the paragraphs were scandalous and frivolous (N/E
385). Bogaert had alleged that when he met up with Lamine for lunch on 3
January 1999 after the latter's return from Australia, Lamine seemed extremely
agitated and drove his car in a dangerous fashion. Lamine had also told
Bogaert that Jacqueline had refused to lend him $50,000 even though the amount
was **small money** to her and Lamine had added '**I swear to you that she
will pay me one way or another'** and, when Bogaert attempted to cool him down
and asked what he planned to do, Lamine had replied '**You'll see'**. I
overruled counsel's objections as the paragraphs were clearly relevant on the
issue of Lamine's motives and whether he was the instigator of this suit as
the defendants alleged.

92\. Contrary to the protestations of plaintiffs’ counsel, when he took the
stand, Lamine did not deny he had said the words **small money** to Bogaert.
He testified (N/E 391-2) that even if he had made the threats alleged, Bogaert
should have understood that the words were said out of stress and anger but he
did not mean them – he was disturbed having broken up a relationship with
Jacqueline after three (3) years, he had no job and no accommodation. He did
ask Jacqueline for $50,000 but she had not responded to him as was expected of
a girlfriend and of someone whom he had helped for three (3) years to develop
her business.

93\. When he took the stand however, Bogaert disagreed with Lamine. He said he
was shocked (N/E 566) by what Lamine said and did not view Lamine's words as
an idle threat. It was not the fact that Lamine wanted a loan at short notice
which Bogaert found objectionable but, the way Lamine intended to procure the
money. Neither did Lamine explain or justify his demand. Bogaert's experience
with Lamine (when the defendants renovated the office of his previous company)
told him that Lamine could be quite short tempered; Bogaert felt that this
case would not have come to court if not for Lamine's revenge.

94\. Throughout his testimony, Lamine consistently maintained that he always
acted in the defendants' best interests inter alia, in negotiating prices with
contractors especially with the plaintiffs whose prices (he claimed) were
among the cheapest in the market. He described the plaintiffs in glowing terms
as honest, hardworking, very committed, very reactive, able to negotiate
pricing with him, flexible in their prices and basically nice people to deal
with (N/E 390). Further, they were like a second family to him as he had no
one in Singapore; they even visited him when he was warded in hospital. Lamine
was particularly grateful that after he left the defendants' employment with
no job, prospects or home and he approached the plaintiffs' father for work,
he was taken on. Regrettably, I do not share Lamine’s opinion of the
plaintiffs or their father.

95\. Having seen the demeanour of all the key witnesses who each spent a
considerable amount of time in the witness box, I am inclined not to accept or
believe, the testimony presented by the plaintiffs, their father and Lamine.
Indeed, where Lamine was concerned, the more he said he acted in the
defendants' best interests, the less I believed him. He was not a truthful
witness and neither were the plaintiffs nor their father. Lamine was the
proverbial nigger in the woodpile; in the words of David Chua, he is not very
scrupulous (N/E 633). I have no doubt that Lamine did instigate the plaintiffs
to initiate this suit which they would not have done otherwise. I do not
believe, from my observance of them in court, that the plaintiffs are capable
of prosecuting this claim on their own and by that, I do not mean their lack
of formal education. Not only did Lamine make use of the plaintiffs (who were
willing accomplices) to carry out his personal vendetta against the
defendants/Jacqueline, he had also (as counsel for the defendants suggested)
attempted to take away the defendants' business by incorporating LG Interior
Fitting & Contract Pte Ltd on 22 September 1999 with the first plaintiff
(while he was still in the defendants' employment) to offer the same services
as the defendants. In this regard, it was foolish of the second plaintiff to
say and to expect the court to believe (when asked by counsel for the
defendants), that the letters **LG** stood for Lucky Go (N/E 74) when it was
so very obvious that they referred to Lamine's initials.

96\. Just as the defendants sought to persuade the court that Lamine was not a
credible witness, the plaintiffs similarly attempted to discredit Jacqueline.
In his final submissions, counsel for the plaintiffs contended that
Jacqueline's testimony that she did not see (most of) the plaintiffs'
quotations before April this year cannot be true. He argued that she lied by
referring to selective portions of her testimony to highlight what he
considered were inconsistencies; I do not agree with counsel. Indeed, on the
whole, I preferred the testimony of the defendants' witnesses. I did not form
the impression that anyone of them, whether from the defendants or from
outside the company, were evasive or not forthright when they testified.

97\. Counsel for the plaintiffs had also submitted at length on the issue of
whether the defendants paid the plaintiffs only against purchase orders as the
defendants contended or, against quotations as well, as the plaintiffs
contended. I shall deal with this issue now when I consider Jacqueline's
testimony.

98\. The evidence from Jacqueline, both in her written testimony as well as in
the witness stand was, that the defendants only recognised their own purchase
orders as a basis for payment to the plaintiffs; she never wavered from this
stand, contrary to the submissions of counsel for the plaintiffs. What she did
say however was, that sometimes, the defendants would recognise the
plaintiffs' quotations by taking them into account in the final accounts for a
particular project and in those instances no purchase orders were issued by
the defendants. Before the parties' relationship soured, they adopted a 'give
and take' attitude with one and another. This was not only not denied by the
plaintiffs but indeed was confirmed by the first plaintiff (see N/E 292). On
his part, the second plaintiff had testified (N/E 23) that he had agreed with
Lamine that because the plaintiffs had 20 projects from the defendants, once
work was completed, _we will sort it out in final accounts_.

99\. The expectation of final accounting however did not materialise because
the plaintiffs demanded $200,000 from Jacqueline before they would carry on
with the Air-France project. Jacqueline testified she refused to accede to the
demand because she had already paid the plaintiffs a deposit of $80,000 and
$210,000 was the total value of that contract. She felt the plaintiffs were
attempting to hold her to ransom (which they were) and she decided that enough
was enough even though she was aware that refusing their unreasonable demand
meant that she had to find another contractor, with the consequential delay,
to finish the Air-France project. As it turned out, that was what happened and
the plaintiffs were 3 months' late in completing the project. When I suggested
to Jacqueline at one point whether low pricing was possibly the reason she
continued to use the plaintiffs' services, Jacqueline said it was not. Indeed,
it was David Chua's testimony (N/E 642) that the plaintiffs' prices were
inflated and their quotations were least 30% more than what the defendants
issued in their purchase orders. He added that the plaintiffs' quotations
leave a lot of room for negotiations. Jacqueline had also testified that at
the beginning, the quality of the plaintiffs' work was reasonable/acceptable
but it deteriorated over time when more projects were given to them. Sometimes
it was a question of having to put up with the plaintiffs as she could not get
another contractor to take over from them mid-stream for an on-going project.
As for the plaintiffs' complaint that their resources were stretched because
of having to do so many projects which often overlapped, Jacqueline's answer
(see N/E 729) was short and to the point -- why take them on if the plaintiffs
could not cope? They could have but they did not, turn down the projects; no
one forced them to accept.

100\. Yet another complaint made by the plaintiffs and repeated by their
counsel was, that the defendants sometimes did not pay a cent on certain
projects, Hugo Boss being an example. Again this allegation is untrue. The
plaintiffs conveniently omitted to take into account (according to David Chua)
the general advances made by the defendants periodically totalling $400,000 to
tide them over their cash flow problem (N/E 646). Counsel for the plaintiffs
also sought to suggest that it was the defendants who had cash-flow problems,
resulting in their inability to pay the plaintiffs. I reject that suggestion
as being unfounded, save for a brief period during the regional economic
crisis. In any event, as Jacqueline pointed out, she paid the plaintiffs using
her own personal cheques (for Dragages and Air-France) if the defendants were
indeed short of funds (N/E 765).

101\. Counsel for the plaintiffs had also complained that it was unfair of the
defendants not to settle the final accounts for the various projects and
thereby withhold payment from his clients. In this regard he had apparently
overlooked Jacqueline's evidence which I accept – that the defendants did not
have the chance to sort out the final accounts for the various projects
because the plaintiffs ceased all works for and communications with, the
defendants on or after 2 March 1999. In any case, the plaintiffs blew hot and
cold -- where there were final accounts as in the case of Renault, they denied
the same because the accounts were unfavourable to them.

102\. I turn next to Jacqueline's testimony. She came across as a remarkably
capable woman whose background in construction enabled her to run the
defendants' business successfully. I cannot imagine that the exclusive French
clientele which she secured for the defendants is solely due to her being a
French national. I am certain it was because she does a good job and takes
pride in what she does even though she has other responsibilities (which
includes being a trade advisor to the French government for Singapore and
being the vice-chairperson of the French Business Association). This was
exemplified in her candid apology (N/E 671) in court for the 'terrible work'
done for Publicis which she considered unacceptable. She was equally candid
when she testified that because Lamine was more than an employee, he was less
accountable to her (N/E 677). Jacqueline's testimony was unshaken under cross-
examination and as stated earlier, I did not form the impression she was not
telling the truth, or that she was evasive or inconsistent, throughout the
considerable period she was in the witness box. Equally, it is to Jacqueline's
credit that notwithstanding her personal relationship with Lamine had broken
down, she gave him (through David Chua) a testimonial (see exhibit P9) and a
gratuity of $12,000 when he left the defendants' services. Unfortunately,
Lamine repaid her generosity by changing camps.

_Conclusion_

103\. To conclude, I find that on a balance of probabilities, the defendants
have proven their counterclaim whereas the plaintiffs have failed to discharge
their burden to prove that all the work (save for those admitted by the
defendants) encompassed in their quotations were done or, that those
quotations were indeed sent around the dates stated therein, to the
defendants. I had pointed out to counsel that the plaintiffs' quotations are
not sacrosanct as he seemed to think – his clients not only had to prove that
the quotations were sent to the defendants but also that the same were
accepted and, the work described in the documents was carried out. What
emerged from the evidence adduced in court was, that a large number of the
quotations were not contemporaneous but were issued _well after_ their
supposed dates, they were not sent to the defendants but were handed to David
Chua (on or about 6 January 1999) or, were only seen by the defendants for the
first time in April 2000.

104\. Accordingly the plaintiffs' claim is dismissed. From the time counsel
for the plaintiffs amended his pleadings to reflect the correct position that
the plaintiffs, not the company were the claimants, the defendants had (in
their amended Defence and Counterclaim) not disputed that they owed the
plaintiffs the balance outstanding on the projects in question (save for EURO
RSCG, AXA and Renault). Had the plaintiffs formulated their claim properly for
the undisputed balance owed to them from the very beginning, the trial may
well have been obviated. Unfortunately, the plaintiffs went further than that
and attempted to claim more than their entitlement on which they failed.
Accordingly, in the exercise of my discretion, I deny the plaintiffs any
costs.

105\. On the other hand, the defendants have succeeded on their counterclaim.
I therefore award them interlocutory judgment with damages to be assessed by
the Registrar; assessment would include the overpayments they claimed to have
made to the plaintiffs on EURO RSCG and AXA. Accordingly, they are entitled to
their costs from the plaintiffs and such costs would include any court fees
which I had previously ordered them to pay. In this regard, I direct that the
defendants are entitled to retain the security for costs of $100,000
previously furnished by the company until such time as the defendants' costs
are taxed on a standard basis or otherwise agreed

106\. In the event the parties encounter any difficulties arising out of my
decision, I give them liberty to apply.

Lai Siu Chiu

Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Oct 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

