Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## MeesPierson NV v Bay Pacific (S) Pte Ltd and Others  
[2000] SGHC 168

Case Number | : | Suit 1675/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 August 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  S Rajendran J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Muthu Arusu and Ang Wee Tiong (Allen & Gledhill) for the plaintiffs; L Devadason and Mahtani Bhagwandas (Mahtani & Co) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  MeesPierson NV — Bay Pacific (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Banking – Letters of credit – Documents with defects – Whether presenter of
documents presenting them with knowledge of defects  
  
Banking – Letters of credit – Forged health certificate – Whether documents
can be rejected if known at time of presentment to be forged  
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Defendant not involved in transaction at all, but
having to defend action – Whether costs to be awarded on indemnity basis  
  
Restitution – Mistake – Mistake of fact – Letters of credit – Forged document
– Bank alleging payment made under mistake of fact – Presenter of documents
innocent of fraud – Whether moneys bank can claim restitution of moneys paid  
  

: The plaintiffs herein (`MP Bank`) are a bank incorporated in the
Netherlands. MP Bank has a branch in Singapore. The first defendants are a
trading company in Singapore. The second and third defendants are the two
directors of the first defendants. The second defendant (`Mrs Rehman`) is the
managing director of the first defendants.  
  
On 28 November 1995, the Industrial & Commercial Bank of Vietnam
(`Vietincombank`) issued an irrevocable letter of credit (`the Vietnam
credit`) in favour of the first defendants for US$497,420 to cover the sale by
the first defendants of 1,870 metric tons of Indian wheat flour to Bin Thuan
Production Trade Import Export Co in Vietnam. The first defendants were
advised of the Vietnam credit by Standard Chartered Bank in Singapore. The
first defendants approached MP Bank, their regular banker, to add its
confirmation to the Vietnam credit. MP Bank on 23 January 1996 informed the
first defendants that at the request of Vietincombank and of the first
defendants they had added their confirmation to the Vietnam credit.  
  
The Vietnam credit was subject to the Uniform Customs and Practice for
Documentary Credits (`UCP 500`) and contained, inter alia, the following
terms:

> _: 41D / Available With ... By ... :Confirming Bank By Acceptance_

> _..._

> _: 42C / Drafts at ... :180 Days After B/L Date For100 Percents Of Invoice
> Value_

> _..._

> _: 44A / Load/Dispatch/In Charge:Any Port In India_

> _: 44B / For transportation to:Ho Chi Minh City Port, Vietnam_

> _..._

> _: 46A / Documents required:_

> _..._

> _
>
> 02 3/3 Set of Clean on Board Ocean Bill of Lading Made Out to Order
> Vietincombank, Binhthuan Branch, Marked `Freight Prepaid` and Notify
> Applicant.
>
> _

> _..._

> _
>
> 07 Certificate of Food Sanitation issued by Government Health Organisation
> must be presented for acceptance.
>
> _

  
  
By amendments made to the letter of credit, the expiry date of the letter of
credit was extended to 13 February 1996 and the latest shipment date was
extended to 22 January 1996. An amendment on 23 December 1995 also provided:

> _79 / Narrative:_

> _1 / The clause: available with confirming bank by acceptance. Now to read
> as: Available with confirming bank by negotiation._

> _..._

> _4 / The clause: Certification of Food Sanitation issued by Government
> Health Organization must be presented for acceptance. Now amended to read
> as: Certificate of Health must be presented for negotiation._

  
  
Vietincombank notified the first defendants of all these amendments through MP
Bank.  
  
The first defendants sourced the goods stipulated under the credit from a
supplier in Mumbai called Navcom Oil Products Ltd (`Navcom`). To pay Navcom,
the first defendants requested MP Bank to issue an irrevocable letter of
credit (`the Mumbai credit`) to Navcom on a back-to-back basis with the
Vietnam credit. The Mumbai credit was advised to Navcom through the State Bank
of India on 3 January 1996 and was available for negotiation with any bank.
The documents required under the Mumbai credit (save for the bills of lading
and the beneficaries draft), mirrored the requirements of the Vietnam credit.  
  
Amongst the documents required for the negotiation of the Mumbai credit were a
full set of original clean on board bills of lading (to be made out to the
order of MP Bank), photo-copies of health and various other certificates (the
originals of which were required under the Vietnam credit) and a courier
receipt evidencing the despatch by Navcom of the said originals to the first
defendants. The bills of lading that were produced to negotiate the Mumbai
credit were dated 22 January 1996, the last date allowed for the shipment
under the Mumbai credit. The Health Certificate that was produced was
addressed to Navcom. The negotiation bank was required, under the Mumbai
credit, to despatch all documents received under the Mumbai credit to MP Bank
in one lot by courier. No problems were encountered in the negotiation of the
Mumbai credit.  
  
On 12 February 1996, under cover of an application dated 22 January 1996
signed by Mrs Rehman, the first defendants applied to MP Bank to negotiate the
Vietnam credit. Amongst the documents attached were switched bills of lading
(to comply with the terms of the Vietnam credit under which the bills of
lading were to be made out to the order of Vietincombank), the original of the
Health Certificate addressed to Navcom referred to above, and a bill of
exchange drawn by the first defendants upon Vietincombank for US$547,162
payable 180 days after the bill of lading date to the order of MP Bank.  
  
On 14 February 1996, MP Bank notified the first defendants that the Health
Certificate was discrepant in that it was addressed to Navcom. There was a
note in MP Bank`s records that the Health Certificate was taken back on 15
February 1996 and returned the same day. The Health Certificate when re-
submitted had the reference to Navcom blancoed out. MP Bank found the re-
submitted Health Certificate satisfactory and accepted the documents. It then
discounted the bill of exchange (without recourse) and the discounted proceeds
of US$525,164.52 were credited into the first defendants` account with them.
From those proceeds MP Bank debited a sum of US$422,889.14 in settlement of
the amount due from the first defendants to MP Bank under the Mumbai credit
and a further sum of US$87,941.27 in repayment of a freight loan that MP Bank
had extended to the first defendants for the shipment. MP Bank couriered the
relevant documents to Vietincombank and sought confirmation that it would be
reimbursed on maturity of the draft.  
  
The documents were received by Vietincombank on 17 February 1996. On 4 March
1996, the Bin Thuan branch of Vietincombank replied that as two items (not
related to the Health Certificate or the date of the bill of lading) were
discrepant they could not accept the documents. MP Bank disputed the claim of
discrepancies and maintained that Vietincombank was, in any event, precluded
from claiming the alleged discrepancies as they had failed to give notice of
the rejection timeously under arts 13 and 14 of UCP 500. In the correspondence
thereafter MP Bank in a letter dated 28 May 1996 pointed out that it (MP Bank)
had added its confirmation to the credit at the request of Vietincombank.
Vietincombank did not, at that stage, dispute this assertion; it was on 2 July
1996, some four months after having first refused the documents on the grounds
of discrepancies, that Vietincombank took the position that the Vietnam credit
was not available for negotiation/acceptance by MP Bank and that the only bank
in Singapore authorised to deal with the credit was the Standard Chartered
Bank.  
  
The reason for Vietincombank`s reluctance to honour the Vietnam credit
probably stemmed, inter alia, from the fact that the vessel on which the wheat
flour was loaded never reached Ho Chi Minh City. MP Bank, in March 1997, sent
two of its officers to Ho Chi Minh City to meet with officers of Vietincombank
to discuss the matter. Mrs Rehman, at the invitation of MP Bank, attended the
meeting. Representatives of the buyer and representatives of the insurers of
the cargo were also at the meeting. Mrs Rehman told the court that at that
meeting allegations were made by the Vietnamese buyer that the cargo had not
been loaded on the ship at all. It was also alleged that the bills of lading
had been antedated. Mrs Rehman said that this was the first time that she had
heard these allegations. She did not, however, pay much heed to these
allegations as no evidence was produced to substantiate what was said.  
  
As Vietincombank would not honour the credit, MP Bank commenced legal action
in Singapore (Suit 2074/96) against Vietincombank. However, in August 1998, in
the course of the hearing before Chao Hick Tin J (as he then was), MP Bank
applied for and obtained leave to discontinue the action. No evidence was led
before me to explain why the suit was discontinued. The absence of an
explanation does not affect the merits of MP Bank`s claims against the
defendants herein, but an explanation, if offered, could have gone some way
towards meeting the defendants` submission that MP Bank, in not pursuing their
claim against Vietincombank, were the authors of their own misfortune.  
  
**_The claims of fraud/forgery_**

****

In the course of the proceedings against Vietincombank and as a result of
their own investigations, MP Bank discovered that:

(a) the Health Certificate which purported to emanate from the Municipal
Corporation of Greater Bombay was in fact not issued by that Corporation; and

(b) the bill of lading was dated 22 January 1996 when, in truth, the loading
of the cargo commenced only on 4 February 1996 and was not completed till 11
February 1996.  
  
It was MP Bank`s case in the present proceedings that the first defendants
knew, at the time they presented the documents to MP Bank, that the two
documents listed above contained material misrepresentations of fact. The
claim against the second and third defendants was on the basis that they were
joint tortfeasors with the first defendants in the alleged misrepresentation.  
  
In the alternative, MP Bank claimed that it was an implied term of the
contract between the first defendants and MP Bank that the documents would
not, to the first defendants` knowledge, contain any material representations
of fact which were false. Further, or in the alternative, MP Bank claimed that
the sum of US$525,164.52 was paid by them and received by the first defendants
under a mistake of fact, namely:

(a) that the cargo was shipped under the bill of lading on 22 January 1996;
and

(b) that the Health Certificate was issued by the Municipal Corporation of
Greater Bombay.  
  
and in the premises the first defendants received and held the said sums to
the use of MP Bank.  
  
In their defence, the defendants had denied that the bill of lading had been
antedated and that the Health Certificate was a forgery. In court, however,
Mrs Rehman accepted these claims. When asked why, in the defence filed, the
claims of fraud and forgery had been denied, Mrs Rehman explained that, at the
stage the defence was filed, the defendants had no reason to believe that
there was anything improper about the documentation but, having now had the
benefit of sighting the `dock challans` and hearing the testimoneys of Captain
Panicker (who had investigated the load date of the cargo), and Dr (Mrs) Alka
Shyam Karande (from the Municipal Corporation of Greater Bombay), she accepted
that the two documents were defective. Mrs Rehman told the court that at the
relevant time she had no reason whatsoever to suspect that there was anything
amiss in the documents that Navcom had utilised in negotiating the Mumbai
credit and which the first defendants were in turn relying on to negotiate the
Vietnam credit.  
  
It was apparent, when Mrs Rehman was testifying, that she was not the person
in the first defendants` office who had handled the documentation in respect
of the Vietnam and Mumbai credits. On being questioned, she confirmed that
there was a document officer employed by the first defendants whose sole
responsibility was to attend to the documentation. The document officer, at
that time, was one Edwin Tan. This was borne out by the fact that in the
correspondence and notes of MP Bank the references were to Edwin Tan.  
  
Edwin Tan (`Tan`) was not listed as a witness. Mrs Rehman told the court that
Tan had left the employ of the first defendants some years back and that she
had difficulty locating him. On being cross-examined, she told the court that
she had, in the week before the hearing commenced, managed to locate Tan. She
had not, however, asked him to come to court to testify. When asked why she
had not asked Tan to testify, Mrs Rehman`s response was that it was pointless
to call Tan as a witness because Tan had told her that as the transaction
happened so long ago he could not remember anything.  
  
Counsel for the defendants, Mr Devadason, appeared unaware that Mrs Rehman had
managed to contact Tan. He made an oral application for a subpoena to be
issued for Tan`s attendance. Counsel for MP Bank, Mr Muthu Arusu, objected on
the grounds that the defendants had had ample opportunity to consider who
their witnesses were going to be and that, in any event, it was Mrs Rehman`s
own evidence that Tan could not remember anything. I felt that this was a
proper case to allow the defendants to call the additional witness. Based on
the fact that Tan could not remember details, Mrs Rehman had concluded,
without consulting her solicitors, that it was pointless to call him. In a
case of this nature where fraud of such a serious nature was being alleged,
the very fact that the officer who handled the actual documentation could not
remember the transaction could (if believed) be a relevant consideration in
deciding whether the transaction was indeed a routine (non-fraudulent) one as
claimed by the defendants. I therefore allowed the application.  
  
As it turned out, the effect of Tan`s evidence was to support much of what Mrs
Rehman had said. He confirmed that he was, at that time, the only person in
the first defendants` employ who dealt with the banks on the documentation
involved in the documentary credits. He said that as document officer he
handled such a large volume of routine shipping documents that he had no
recollection of the details of any particular transaction. When shown the
documents in this case, Tan said that he was the one responsible for the
documentation. Tan was emphatic that he would not knowingly be party to anyone
antedating documents or anyone, other than the issuer of a document, modifying
a document. Although he had no recollection of the matter, he told the court
that if MP Bank had, on 14 February 1996, told him that they wanted the
addressee in the Health Certificate deleted, he would have communicated that
request to the supplier and it was possible that a certificate with the
addressee deleted had been sent to him by the supplier in time for him to have
submitted it to MP Bank on 15 February 1996.  
  
Under cross-examination, Tan agreed that it was not his role to procure
switched bills of lading. That, he said, would be done by the traders employed
by the first defendants or by Pegasus High Seas Pte Ltd, a firm of shipping
agents (in which Mrs Rehman had an equity interest) operating from the same
premises as the first defendants. Tan agreed that to obtain switched bills of
lading either the original bills of lading would have to be surrendered to the
shipping agent or an indemnity would have to be given but he could not now
remember how the switched bills of lading in this case were obtained. It is
relevant to note that although it was the evidence of Tan that he was the only
person in the first defendant company who handled documentation and liaised
with MP Bank at the relevant time, it was not suggested to Tan that he knew or
ought to have known about the defects in the two documents. Neither was it
suggested to him that any of the documentation in this case was handled by the
second or third defendants. Given the extent of Tan`s involvement in the
negotiation of the Vietnam credit, it would be difficult for the defendants to
perpetrate a deliberate deception of MP Bank without Tan`s complicity. Having
seen and heard Tan in the witness box, I formed the view that he was not the
sort of person who would aid any such deception.  
  
The evidence adduced before me to show that the bills of lading were antedated
and that the Health Certificate was a forgery was abundant. Even Mrs Rehman
was satisfied with that evidence. That, however, is not a critical issue of
fact in this case. The critical issue is whether the defendants knew about the
defects in the two documents at the time the documents were submitted to MP
Bank. Mrs Rehman was emphatic that she did not know and that had she known she
would not have made use of the defective documents to negotiate the Vietnam
credit. MP Bank could adduce no direct evidence to implicate the defendants
with knowledge of the fraud and forgery. What MP Bank relied on was
circumstantial evidence.  
  
Whilst a court can and often does infer, from the surrounding circumstances,
that the party presenting the documents did so with knowledge that the
documents were fraudulent or forged, a court will do so only when such
inference is obvious and compelling. The circumstances highlighted by MP Bank,
such as -

(a) the difficulty in obtaining from India the Health Certificate with the
name of the addressee deleted in so short a time;

(b) the fact that it would be highly unlikely that, if indeed another copy of
the Health Certificate had been couriered down from Mumbai, it would (merely)
have the deletions blancoed out;

(c) the likelihood that, although Tan was in charge of the documentation, he
would have referred this particular transaction to Mrs Rehman given the fact
that MP Bank had rejected documents at a stage when the Vietnam credit had
expired;

(d) the fact that Navcom had supplied the goods on an FAS basis and hence was
not, in law, obliged to arrange for the shipment;

(e) the fact that the invoice for the freight charges was submitted by Pegasus
High Seas Ltd suggesting that the vessel had been fixed by Pegasus and not
Navcom and, if that was so, the first defendants would have known of the
actual date of loading since there would have been direct liaison with the
carriers/shipping agents; and

(f) the lack of an explanation as to how the switched bill of lading was
obtained.  
  
were not, in my view, sufficiently compelling for me to come to the conclusion
that the defendants were or should have been put on notice that there was a
fraud involved.  
  
More importantly, I found Mrs Rehman to be a credible witness. I find that, in
the circumstances of this case, although this was an FAS transaction, the
shipping arrangements and the relevant documentation were all undertaken by
Navcom as suppliers of the goods and not as agents of the first defendants. I
accept the evidence of MP Bank that when the documents were presented to MP
Bank they were presented by the first defendants in the bona fide belief that
they were in order. I am satisfied that Mrs Rehman, at the material time, did
not know or even suspect that there were any defects in the two documents. She
and the first defendants were, to that extent, as much misled by the documents
as MP Bank was.  
  
Inasmuch as it was important for the first defendants to obtain a bill of
lading showing that the goods had been loaded on or before 22 January 1996 for
the purpose of negotiating the Vietnam credit, it was equally important for
Navcom to have procured such a bill of lading in order to negotiate the Mumbai
credit. Mr Arusu acknowledged this fact and presented his case on the basis
that as both Navcom and the first defendants had every intention of shipping
the goods to the Vietnamese buyer, they would not have considered the
antedating of the bills of lading as being dishonest. I cannot accept this
submission. It does not follow that because the antedating of the bills of
lading by a party such as Navcom also benefited the first defendants, the
first defendants must be party to that antedating or know of the antedating.  
  
As the first defendants did not know that there were any defects in the two
documents at the time they negotiated the letter of credit, the first
defendants could not have committed the tort of misrepresentation alleged
against them. MP Bank`s claim against the first defendants under this head
must therefore fail. The only basis of the claim against Mrs Rehman was that
since, as the managing director of the first defendants, she was intimately
involved in the transaction, she must have directed or procured the first
defendants to commit the tort. As the first defendants committed no such tort,
the question of the second defendant being liable as a joint tortfeasor simply
does not arise. The claim that it was an implied term of the contract between
MP Bank and the first defendants that the documents would not, to the first
defendants` knowledge, contain any material misrepresentation of fact, would,
by the same token, also fail.  
  
Insofar as the third defendant was concerned, there was no evidence at all
before me of his having been in any way involved in this transaction. The
third defendant was the husband of Mrs Rehman. He had his own business
interests to look after. Although he was a director of the first defendants,
he was not involved in its day-to-day business. According to Mrs Rehman, he
hardly ever stepped into the office of the first defendants. MP Bank decided,
just before the third defendant gave evidence to apply for leave to withdraw
their claim against the third defendant. I granted the leave but in view of
the fact that MP Bank had been somewhat over-zealous in making these very
serious allegations of fraud and forgery against the third defendant, I
ordered that MP Bank pay costs to the third defendant on an indemnity basis.
It now remains for me to consider MP Bank`s claim for restitution on the basis
of moneys paid to the first defendant under a mistake of fact.  
  
**_Recovery on grounds of mistake of fact_**

****

At the time it discounted the draft, MP Bank was under the impression:

(a) that the goods had in fact been loaded on board the PT Samudra Samrat on
22 January 1996 as stated on the bill of lading; and

(b) that the Health Certificate tendered was a genuine certificate emanating
from the Municipal Corporation of Greater Bombay.  
  
Mr Arusu relied only on the fact that the Health Certificate turned out to be
a forgery to support MP Bank`s claim based on mistake of fact. Mr Arusu
submitted that had MP Bank known, at the time the documents were presented,
that the Health Certificate was a forgery, MP Bank would have been entitled to
refuse and would have refused payment regardless of whether the first
defendants were or were not privy to the forgery. On that premise, Mr Arusu
submitted that MP Bank was entitled to succeed in its claim for restitution as
the moneys had been paid out to the first defendants under a mistake of fact.
I will first consider that premise in the light of my finding that the
defendants were unaware of the forgery and did not in any way assist in the
fraud.  
  
In **United City Merchants (Investments) Ltd & Anor v Royal Bank of Canada &
Ors** [1983] 1 AC 168, the goods involved were loaded on board the ship a day
later than the last date specified in the letter of credit but, unknown to the
sellers, the loading brokers fraudulently entered the earlier date as the date
of shipment on the bill of lading. The confirming bank, aware of this
antedating, rejected the documents. The seller sued the bank. The bank argued
that if the documents presented, although conforming on their face with the
terms of the credit, nevertheless contained some statement of material fact
that was not accurate - a submission which Lord Diplock termed the `**_broad
proposition_** ` - the bank was not under any obligation to pay under the
credit regardless of whether the sellers were party to the fraud or not. The
trial judge, Mocatta J, rejected this broad proposition. Relying on the
principle **_ex turpi causa non oritur actio_** , Mocatta J held that only
when there was personal fraud or unscrupulous conduct by the seller would a
bank be entitled to refuse payment against apparently conforming documents. As
the seller did not know of the antedating when he presented the documents,
Mocatta J held that the bank was under an obligation to pay. The bank
appealed.  
  
The Court of Appeal took a different approach. The Court of Appeal saw no
reason why, if a document forged by a person other than the beneficiary would
entitle the bank to refuse payment, a document falsified by a person other
than the beneficiary, should not have the same consequence. The effect of the
Court of Appeal`s decision was to entitle banks to reject documents not only
where the beneficiary was a party to the fraud but also where the document was
false to the knowledge of any person issuing the document and intended by that
person to deceive persons into whose hands the document might come.  
  
The House of Lords, in an unanimous opinion delivered by Lord Diplock,
overruled the Court of Appeal and upheld the decision of Mocatta J. Lord
Diplock summarised the general principles applicable to the contract between
the confirming bank and the seller as follows:

> _Again, it is trite law that ... the seller and the confirming bank, `deal
> in documents and not in goods,` as article 8 of the Uniform Customs puts it.
> If, on their face, the documents presented to the confirming bank by the
> seller conform with the requirements of the credit as notified to him by the
> confirming bank, that bank is under a contractual obligation to the seller
> to honour the credit, notwithstanding that the bank has knowledge that the
> seller at the time of presentation of the conforming documents ... committed
> a breach of his contract with the buyer ... that would have entitled the
> buyer to treat the contract of sale as rescinded and to reject the goods and
> refuse to pay the seller the purchase price._

  
  
He then went on to say that to this general statement of principle there is
one established exception: that is, where the seller, for the purpose of
drawing on the credit, fraudulently presents to the confirming bank documents
that contain, expressly or by implication, material representations of fact
that to his knowledge are untrue. Lord Diplock considered the exception for
fraud on the part of the seller seeking to avail himself of the credit as a
clear application of the **_maxim ex turpi causa non oritur actio_** and that
since the seller was unaware of the inaccuracy of the date on the bill of
lading that case did not fall within the fraud exception. In rejecting the
`broad proposition`, Lord Diplock said:

> _My Lords, the more closely this bold proposition is subjected to legal
> analysis, the more implausible it becomes; to assent to it would, in my
> view, undermine the whole system of financing international trade by means
> of documentary credits._

  
  
In this passage, Lord Diplock was implicitly emphasising that there has to be
some culpability on the part of the seller before the confirming bank becomes
entitled to reject a document that contains a statement of material fact that
is inaccurate but which, on its face, conforms to the credit.  
  
Up to this point the decision of the House of Lords appears to be in favour of
the defendants in the instant case. The first defendants were, at the time
they presented the documents, unaware that the Health Certificate was a
forgery (or that the bills of lading were antedated). They therefore did not
fall within what Lord Diplock called `the one established exception` to the
principle that the bank deals only in documents. But the document that the
court was considering in the **_United City Merchants_** case - an antedated
bill of lading - was not a forged document. The premise on which the Court of
Appeal had reached its decision was that a confirming bank could refuse to pay
against a document that it knew to be forged even if the seller was innocent
of the forgery. As the bill of lading that the House of Lords was considering
was not a forged document it was not necessary for the House of Lords to
express a definitive view on that premise and the House of Lords chose not to
do so. The fact that the House of Lords had left the issue relating to a
document that was a nullity open is, no doubt, the reason why Mr Arusu, in his
submissions under this head of claim, relied, not on the antedated bill of
lading which, although antedated, was not a forgery, but on the forged Health
Certificate.  
  
Mr Arusu`s position was that no rights can flow and no entitlements can arise
out of forged and null documents. On that basis he urged the court not to
apply the limited fraud exception enunciated in United City Merchants to a
situation where forged documents were involved. In support of his submission,
Mr Arusu relied on the case of **Lambias (Importers & Exporters) Co Pte Ltd v
Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation** [1993] 2 SLR 751 . Mr Arusu
submitted that Goh Phai Cheng JC in **_Lambias_** had decided that a forged
document is a document that was a nullity ab initio and that the bank was
entitled to reject it even if the seller was not a party to the forgery.  
  
In that case, the plaintiff, (`Lambias`), had entered into an agreement with a
Hong Kong company for the sale of 50,000 copies each of two school textbooks.
The price quoted by Lambias for the books was S$190,000 but the Hong Kong
company opened a letter of credit in favour of Lambias for the sum of S$2.1m
on the understanding that Lambias, after negotiating the credit, was to keep
S$500,000 for itself and remit the balance to a specified account in Hong Kong
for use by the Hong Kong company to pay commissions to the ultimate purchasers
of the books who were in China. The credit, opened by the Kowloon Branch of
the Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corporation (`HSBC`) stipulated, inter alia,
that for negotiation Lambias needed to produce a Quality and Weight Inspection
Certificate (`QWI`) issued and signed by the applicants for the credit
certifying that the applicants had inspected the merchandise and found it
satisfactory. QWI was also to be countersigned by one Yau Tin Sang (`Yau`) in
the presence of an executive of the Singapore Branch of HSBC.  
  
One day prior to the day that documents required for the negotiation of the
credit were submitted for negotiation, one Simon Ng of Lambias brought a
person whom he introduced as `Yau` to the Singapore Branch of HSBC and, after
showing a bank officer the letter of credit and QWI, requested the officer to
witness Yau`s signature. The bank officer asked Yau for proof of his identity
and, after inspecting the Certificate of Identity produced by Yau, witnessed
the signature of Yau on QWI. After Yau and Simon Ng left, when the officer
looked through the bank`s file on the transaction, he saw that the photograph
on a copy of the Certificate of Identity of Yau that was in the file was not
that of the `Yau` whose signature on QWI he had just witnessed. Alarmed, the
officer immediately informed the police and the bankers of Lambias (Overseas
Union Bank) of what he had noted. The police told him to lodge a report as
soon as QWI was presented to the Bank. The next day Overseas Union Bank
forwarded the documents required for the negotiation of the credit to HSBC.
Upon receipt of the documents the officer, in compliance with the request of
the police, lodged a police report. The next day when Simon Ng was at the bank
to discuss certain discrepancies in the documents, Simon Ng was arrested.  
  
HSBC refused to honour the credit. Lambias sued them. In its defence, HSBC
relied not only on the fact that the wrong `Yau` had signed QWI but also that
in other respects too QWI did not conform with the requirements of the credit.
Lambias did not dispute that an imposter had signed QWI but it was submitted,
on behalf of Lambias, that as HSBC had verified the signature, the fact that
the wrong `Yau` had signed it was not a material factor. Lambias took the
position that they too had been misled into believing that the person Simon Ng
took to the bank was the real Yau.  
  
Amongst the issues for the determination of the learned judicial commissioner
in respect of QWI were:

(a) Did QWI, on its face, comply with the requirements of the credit?

(b) As the signature of Yau on QWI was a forgery, did the case fall within the
fraud exception thereby enabling HSBC to refuse payment under the credit?  
  
In dealing with issue (a), the learned judicial commissioner found that QWI
did not comply with the credit on a number of matters amongst which was the
fact that QWI was issued and signed by Lambias and not by the applicants of
the credit. He therefore held that QWI was a discrepant document and went on
to say that even if the requirement for countersigning by Yau was met that
would not have remedied the discrepancies. I would note that this finding
alone was sufficient to give judgment for HSBC.  
  
In relation to issue (b), Lambias, relying on the decision of the House of
Lords in **_United City Merchants_** had argued that, as they were themselves
misled by Yau, HSBC could not invoke the fraud exception. The learned judicial
commissioner noted that the House of Lords had left open the question of the
rights of an innocent seller where the document had been forged by a third
party. He also noted that the document involved in the **_United City
Merchants_** case was not a document that was a nullity and said that for
these reasons the decision in **_United City Merchants_** was not relevant to
the issues before him. The learned judicial commissioner then went on to say:

> _In the present case, the QWI certificate cannot be said to be anything but
> a nullity. First, it was issued by the beneficiary instead of the applicant
> as required by the letter of credit. Secondly, it failed to state the
> necessary particulars to relate it to the goods which were the subject of
> the letter of credit. Thirdly, it failed to contain the necessary statement
> as to the quality or weight of the goods ostensibly inspected, and most
> important of all, it had been counter-signed by an imposter and not by Yau
> Tin Sang.**All these elements taken together make the QWI certificate a
> nullity ab initio. There is no question of the certificate having been
> accepted by any party as a valid document**. [Emphasis added.]_

  
  
It is the above passage, in particular the last two sentences, that Mr Arusu
relies on in support of his submission.  
  
Although those sentences in that paragraph, by themselves, support Mr Arusu`s
submission, it was the totality of the four elements he listed in the said
paragraph that led the learned judicial commissioner to the conclusion that
QWI could not be accepted as a valid document for the negotiation of the
credit. The learned judicial commissioner was obviously troubled by the
conduct of Lambias. At p 764H of the judgment he says:

> _To state the proposition in its proper terms, I think this case determines
> that where the fraud or forgery perpetrated is such as to render a document
> required under a letter of credit a nullity,**and where the
> seller/beneficiary, while neither a direct nor deliberate perpetrator of the
> fraud or forgery, was nonetheless in some way clearly responsible for the
> turn of events that led to the perpetration of the fraud or forgery** , and
> where no money has been paid out under the credit, there is no obligation on
> the part of the issuing bank or its agent to make any payment under the
> credit._

  
  
and again at p 765H:

> _... I think that a decision in the plaintiffs` favour in this case would
> similarly undermine another fundamental principle in documentary credits,
> namely, where the financing of international trade and commerce is to be
> carried out by means of documentary credits, then**there must be care and
> circumspection taken in the tender of documents by a beneficiary. The law
> cannot condone actions which, although not amounting to fraud per se, are of
> such recklessness and haste that the documents produced as a result are
> clearly not in conformity with the requirements of the credit**. The
> plaintiffs in the present case are not guilty of fraud, but they were
> unknowingly responsible for having aided in the perpetration of the fraud.
> In such a case where the fraud was discovered even before all other
> documents were tendered, I think it is right and proper that the plaintiffs
> should not be permitted to claim under the letter of credit. [Emphasis
> added.]_

  
  
I would further note that Lambias had even collaborated with the Hong Kong
buyer in grossly inflating the value of the goods. This would mean that the
goods, which are part of the security on which the letter of credit was
issued, were worth only a fraction of the amount stipulated in the credit.
This too must have troubled the learned judicial commissioner.  
  
Reading the judgment as a whole, I do not think that it can be said that the
learned judicial commissioner decided the case on the broad proposition
canvassed by Mr Arusu. It seems to me that the basis of the decision in
**_Lambias_** was narrower than that: although he had reservations about the
conduct of Lambias, the learned judicial commissioner appears to have rejected
Lambias` claim mainly because of discrepancies.  
  
The underlying principle in commercial credits is that the bank deals in
documents not goods. The commercial purpose for this principle is to give the
seller an assured right to be paid before he parts with control of the goods
that does not permit of any dispute with the buyer as to the performance of
the contract of sale being used as a ground for non-payment or reduction or
deferment of payment. This proposition is authoritatively stated by Lord
Diplock in **_United City Merchants_** at p 184E:

> _It has, so far as I know, never been disputed that as between confirming
> bank and issuing bank and as between issuing bank and the buyer the
> contractual duty of each bank under a confirmed irrevocable credit is to
> examine with reasonable care all documents presented in order to ascertain
> that they appear**on their face** to be in accordance with the terms and
> conditions of the credit, and, if they do so appear, to pay to the
> seller/beneficiary by whom the documents have been presented the sum
> stipulated by the credit, or to accept or negotiate without recourse to
> drawer drafts drawn by the seller/beneficiary if the credit so provides. It
> is so stated in the latest edition of the Uniform Customs. It is equally
> clear law, and is so provided by article 9 of the Uniform Customs, [art 17
> in UCP 500] that confirming banks and issuing banks assume no liability or
> responsibility to one another or to the buyer `**for the form, sufficiency,
> accuracy, genuineness, falsification or legal effect of any documents**.`
> This is well illustrated by the Privy Council case of **Gian Singh & Co Ltd
> v Banque de l`Indochine** [1974] 1 WLR 1234, where the customer was held
> liable to reimburse the issuing bank for honouring a documentary credit upon
> presentation of an apparently conforming document which was an ingenious
> forgery, **a fact that the bank had not been negligent in failing to detect
> upon examination of the document**. [Emphasis added.]_

  
  
A document that is false and even a document that is forged falls within this
scheme of things. So long as the document tendered, on its face, complies with
the requirements of the credit, the confirming bank is entitled to make
payment under the credit and obtain reimbursement from the issuing bank which
in turn is entitled to obtain reimbursement from the applicant for the credit.
But does a confirming bank, where it knows that a document tendered by the
seller (albeit innocently) is forged, have the option of rejecting the
document?  
  
Lord Diplock, in **_United City Merchants_** envisaged that such an option may
well exist. At p 186C of the report he said:

> _**The legal justification for the existence of such an independently
> exercisable option, it is suggested, lies in the bank`s own interest in the
> goods to which the documents relate, as security for the advance made by the
> bank to the buyer, when it pays the seller under the documentary credit**.
> But if this were so, the answer to the question: `to what must the
> misstatement in the documents be material?` should be: `material to the
> price which the goods to which the documents relate would fetch on sale if,
> failing reimbursement by the buyer, the bank should be driven to realise its
> security. [Emphasis added.]_

  
  
Lord Diplock, however, did not pursue this enquiry as the antedating of the
bill of lading in **_United City Merchants_** did not affect its validity. His
suggestion, however, was in tune with views expressed by the Court of Appeal
on this issue.  
  
When a confirming bank makes a payment out under a commercial credit, the bank
holds the documents as security for the payment. However, if the bills of
lading are forged and therefore a nullity, the bank would not have any
security. To require the bank to make payment when the bank knows that the
bills of lading are a nullity is to require the bank to knowingly forgo its
security. That would be tantamount to requiring the bank to honour the credit
on terms less favourable to the bank than that envisaged under the credit
arrangement. This difficulty featured strongly in the judgments of the Court
of Appeal in the **_United City Merchants_** case (see in [1982] 1 QB 208). At
the Court of Appeal, Ackner LJ addressing this point said at p 246G:

> _If the**signature on the bill of lading had been forged** , a fact of which
> the sellers were ex hypothesi ignorant, but of which the bank was aware when
> the document was presented, I can see no valid basis upon which the bank
> would be entitled to take up the drafts and debit their customer. Mr Hirst
> was virtually obliged to accept this. A banker cannot be compelled to honour
> a credit unless all the conditions precedent have been performed, and he
> ought not to be under an obligation to accept or pay against documents which
> he knows to be waste paper. **To hold otherwise would be to deprive the
> banker of that security for his advances, which is a cardinal feature of the
> process of financing carried out by means of the credit**. [Emphasis
> added.]_

  
  
and Griffiths LJ said at p 254B:

> _What is the position if the bank is presented with documents that appear on
> their face to be in order but which the bank knows to be forgeries?**The
> bank takes the documents as its security for payment**. It is not obliged to
> take worthless documents. If the bank knows that the documents are forgeries
> it must refuse to accept them: **Edward Owen Engineering Ltd v Barclays Bank
> International Ltd** (Unreported) , October 3, 1972. It may be that the party
> presenting the documents has himself been duped by the forger and believes
> the documents to be genuine but that surely cannot affect the bank`s right
> to refuse to accept the forgeries. **The identity of the forger is
> immaterial. It is the fact that the documents are worthless that matters to
> the bank**. [Emphasis added.]_

  
  
These pronouncements by the Court of Appeal on the need to preserve the bank`s
security interest in the documents were not overruled by the House of Lords.
As noted earlier Lord Diplock recognised that the bank may well be entitled to
reject a forged document if its security interests are adversely affected.  
  
The above approach may be a way of resolving the matter where the document
that is forged is a document, such as a bill of lading, which affects the
bank`s security interest; but, as in the **_United City Merchants_** case, the
document in this case was not a forged bill of lading. The document in this
case was a forged Health Certificate. Such a certificate is not a document of
title and it cannot be so readily concluded that a forged Health Certificate
would affect the bank`s security interest.  
  
Would the bank have had to honour the credit if the bank knew, at the time it
received the Health Certificate, that the Health Certificate was forged? On
the premise adopted by the Court of Appeal (which the House of Lords did not
reject), as the Health Certificate was a forgery and therefore a nullity, the
bank (if it knew of the forgery), would have been under no obligation to
accept the document. I see merit in that approach. Quite apart from questions
relating to the security interests of the bank, if the document tendered by
the seller is a nullity, that document would have no legal effect. There would
therefore be a failure by the seller to tender a document (in this case the
Health Certificate) called for under the credit. That being so, the tender
would be an incomplete tender. Viewed this way, the question of whether the
forged document was an apparently conforming document would simply not arise.
Had MP Bank known of the forgery at that time it could have refused payment on
the grounds that the documents tendered by the first defendants, were not
complete.  
  
That, however, is a situation that did not arise in this case. MP Bank, at
that time, did not know about the forgery and the factual position was that MP
Bank accepted the documents and paid the first defendants. Having accepted the
documents and having made payment under the credit, is MP Bank now entitled to
restitution on the grounds that the payment was made under a mistake of fact?  
  
**_Restitution_**

****

The underlying rationale for payments by letters of credit is to provide a
certain and secure means of payment to a seller of goods. In the absence of
any fraud on the part of the seller, to allow a bank to recover moneys already
paid on the grounds of a mistake of fact would subvert this rationale. As the
letter of credit in this case is governed by UCP 500, it would be relevant to
see what assistance UCP 500 can give.  
  
Under art 14(d) of UCP 500, it is incumbent on the confirming bank to give to
the seller notice of rejection of documents by the close of the seventh
banking day following the date of receipt of the documents. No such notice was
given in this case. And art 14(e) provides:

> _If the Issuing Bank and/or Confirming Bank, if any, fails to act in
> accordance with the provisions of this Article and/or fails to hold the
> documents at the disposal of, or return them to the presenter, the Issuing
> Bank and/or Confirming Bank, if any,**shall be precluded from claiming that
> the documents are not in compliance with the terms and conditions of the
> credit**. [Emphasis added.]_

  
  
In view of art 14(e), the contractual position under UCP 500 appears to be
that if a confirming bank has not given notice of rejection within the
stipulated period, the bank is precluded from claiming that the documents are
not in compliance with the credit. I find support for that view in para 5.73
of **_Raymond Jack on Documentary Credits_**. In that paragraph Raymond Jack
states:

> _Where the Uniform Customs apply, Article 14.e will bar any claim that the
> documents do not comply with the credit by an issuing bank which has not
> given notice of rejection of the documents and otherwise followed the
> requirements of the Article. Such a bank would be unable therefore to put
> forward a claim based on mistake of fact. The Article now places a
> confirming bank under the same duty in its handling of the documents and it
> will also be barred by the Article.`_

  
  
As MP Bank had accepted and made payment to the first defendants, it is not
now open to them, in the absence of any fraudulent conduct by the first
defendants, to claim restitution.  
  
Mr Arusu, in further submissions, advanced the argument that Article 14 of the
UCP 500 relates only to the situation where there are irregularities on the
face of the documents and the bank chooses to waive and/or fails to take
objections. In his view, this applies equally to the paragraph of Raymond
Jack`s book referred to above. Mr Arusu then goes on to make the submission
that in fact a bank is **_always_** entitled to recover moneys paid under a
mistake of fact and relied on the judgment of Goh Joon Seng J in **Standard
Chartered Bank v Sin Chong Hua Electric & Trading Pte Ltd & Ors** [1995] 3 SLR
863 .  
  
In that case, the plaintiff bank`s Jakarta branch had issued a letter of
credit in the amount of US$2.2m in favour of Sin Chong Hin Electric & Trading
Pte Ltd, the first defendants, which related to the sale of 24 complete sets
of Daihatsu diesel generators by the first defendants to a company in
Indonesia. The managing director of the first defendants, who was the third
defendant in the suit, subsequently arranged for the requisite documents under
the letter of credit, which included a bill of lading, to be tendered to the
plaintiff bank, which then negotiated a draft for the sum of $2.2m less
commission. This money was initially paid into a bank account of the first
defendants but was subsequently disbursed in the bank accounts of various
other persons, including the second, third and 4th defendants. Upon arrival of
the vessel containing the goods in Jakarta, it was discovered that the
relevant containers held not diesel generators but fire bricks. A report was
made to the Criminal Investigation Department of the Singapore Police Force
and the plaintiff bank subsequently commenced the proceedings in question
against the first defendants for money had and received on grounds of
fraudulent misrepresentation and also for a declaration that the payments to
the second, third and fourth defendants ought to be rescinded and set aside on
the basis that these payments represented moneys belonging to the plaintiff
bank.  
  
After hearing all the evidence, the learned judge found that the whole
transaction was a scheme to defraud the plaintiff bank and/or the Indonesian
buyers. He then referred to the passage of Lord Diplock from the **_United
City Merchants_** case set out in [para ] 28 above and acknowledged the `one
established exception` to the rule that banks must pay upon apparently
conforming documents: ie `fraud` exception. The learned judge then referred to
the following passage of Browne J from the case of **Bank Russo-Iran v Gordon,
Woodroffe & Co Ltd** [1972] 116 SJ 921; **_The Times_** 4 October 1972:

> _In my judgment, if the documents are presented by the beneficiary himself,
> and are forged or fraudulent, the bank is entitled to refuse payment if it
> finds out before payment, and is entitled to recover the money as paid under
> a mistake of fact if it finds out after payment._

  
  
The learned judge then went on to say:

> _Thus if the bank knows of the fraud it is entitled to refuse making
> payment. If it discovered the fraud after payment it may recover the money
> as paid under a mistake of fact._

  
  
On the basis of the above, MP Bank (in the present case) argued that they are
entitled to recover the moneys (wrongly) paid under forged documents even
where the party presenting the document is innocent of the fraud. I do not
believe **_Standard Chartered Bank_** `s case (or **_Bank Russo-Iran_** `s
case) supports that proposition. **_Standard Chartered Bank_** `s case was
clearly a case where the party who presented the documents to the bank and
from whom restitution was sought was himself a fraudulent party. No doubt the
plaintiff bank in that case could have brought a straightforward claim for
fraud, but by so doing it would not have been able to avail itself to equity`s
generous tracing rules. In the event, the learned judge held that the
plaintiff bank was entitled to trace the defrauded moneys into the accounts of
the second, third and fourth defendants and granted the declaration sought.
That case is therefore simply authority for the proposition that where the
`fraud` exception applies, it may be open to a defrauded plaintiff to recover
the moneys as moneys wrongly paid out under a mistake of fact and by so doing
trace the moneys into different hands.  
  
The UCP 500 does not expressly deal with the situation where forged documents
are presented under a letter of credit. However, having regard to the
commercial background against which letters of credit are issued and the
overall scheme of the UCP 500, I am unable to accept the proposition canvassed
by MP Bank in this case that a bank is entitled to recover moneys wrongly paid
out where the presenter of the documents presented such forged documents
innocently. In such cases, the paying bank has other remedies available to it.
If the bank is the issuing bank, it may recover the moneys from the person who
gave the instructions to issue the credit. If the bank is a `nominated bank`
under the UCP 500, it is entitled under art 14.a to reimbursement from the
party giving it authority to pay. This is provided, of course, that the paying
bank has exercised reasonable care in examining the documents presented to it
before paying out on them (art 13.a). Where a paying bank fails to exercise
such care, it may be unable to claim reimbursement for moneys paid out on the
forged documents, but in those cases the bank has only itself to blame.
Obviously, the paying bank may also seek to recover the moneys from the
perpetrator of the fraud, if he can be identified and located. Since the issue
does not arise before me, I express no view on the situation where the letter
of credit is not governed by the UCP 500.  
  
For the above reasons, I dismiss with costs the claim by MP Bank. As there
were complex issues in this case relating to shipping and banking law, I
certify, under O 59(12), that costs be taxed on the basis of two solicitors.  
  
**Outcome:**

Plaintiffs` claim dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Aug 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

