Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd  
[2000] SGHC 215

Case Number | : | CWU 204/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 October 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sharon Tay Mui Leng (Donaldson & Burkinshaw) for the petitioner; Lawrence Teh (Rodyk & Davidson) for the respondent.   
Parties | : | —  
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Petition to wind up company on basis of unsatisfied
judgment debt – Judgment reversed in part on appeal – Petition withdrawn –
Whether petitioner should bear costs  
  

: The dispute before me concerned only the question of costs. The petitioner
was the claimant in an arbitration proceedings against the respondent. The
arbitrator published his award in favour of the petitioner on 24 December
1998. Under the award, the respondent was held liable to pay the petitioner
the sum of $351,642.06 being the balance contract sum, and a further sum of
$615,133.42 being damages for breach of contracts and some other heads of
award. The respondent was also liable for the arbitrator`s fees, interests,
and costs. On 30 March 1999 the respondent paid the sum of $315,642.06 leaving
the other sum as well as interest and costs under the award unpaid.  
  
A statutory demand was served on the respondent on 7 April 1999. The
respondent filed an application for leave to appeal against the arbitration
award and also an application for a stay of execution. The applications were
dismissed on 20 May 1999. The respondent did not pay. On 27 May 1999 the
petitioner filed this petition to wind up the respondent on the ground that it
was unable to pay its debts. Meanwhile the respondent appealed against the
dismissal of its two applications. At the same time, the respondent obtained
an order of court staying the winding up proceedings pending the appeal before
the Court of Appeal. The respondent`s appeal was allowed by the Court of
Appeal on 21 March 2000. Leave was thus granted to the respondent to appeal
against the arbitration award. That appeal was heard before Judicial
Commissioner Woo Bih Lee. On 6 July 2000 Judicial Commissioner Woo Bih Lee
delivered his judgment largely in favour of the respondent and set aside
$555,937.88 out of the sum of $615,133.42 awarded by the arbitrator, thus
leaving a sum of $46,212.60 to be paid. On 26 July 2000 a further order for
the respondent to pay another sum of $12,982.94 was made. The total sum due to
the petitioner after 26 July 200 was $59,195.51. The petitioner was granted
leave to appeal against the decision of Judicial Commissioner Woo Bih Lee. The
respondent paid the sum of $59,195.51 on 7 August 2000.  
  
On 23 October 2000 the petitioner applied for leave to withdraw this petition.
The respondent had no objection save that the issue of costs be argued. I
granted leave to withdraw the petition and heard arguments on costs. Both
sides claimed costs. Miss Tay for the petitioner submitted that the petition
was properly brought in the first instance because the respondent refused to
pay the arbitration debt. She argued that the mere fact that there was an
appeal is no reason for a stay of execution. She maintained that an
arbitration award must be recognised until set aside. The respondent, she
argued, was not entitled to look at events beyond 27 May 1999, in other words,
the fact that the respondent was largely proved right in disputing the alleged
debt was immaterial.  
  
Mr Teh submitted on behalf of the respondent that the subsequent events were
important. He argued that winding up proceedings are not execution proceedings
in the sense that the former rests on the insolvency of the company whereas
the latter concerns any refusal or failure to pay a judgment debt and does not
depend on the solvency or otherwise of the judgment debtor. Mr Teh conceded
that ordinarily, a petitioner may pursue an undisputed debt even with venom
and will not be faulted for doing so, the situation is different when the debt
is disputed. In this regard, counsel relied on the only authority on point,
namely, **Re Anglo-Bavarian Steel Ball Co Ltd** [1899] WN 80. It was a very
briefly reported that a winding up petition was presented on the basis of a
judgment debt. The judgment was reversed before the petition was heard. The
report stated as follows: `Cozens-Hardy J said that the judgment, having been
reversed, must be taken to have been wrong, and that the petition must be
dismissed with costs.` This short judgment did not seem to occasion any
injustice in that case. There are two parts to the judgment. First, the
petition was dismissed on the ground that the basis for its presentation was
gone. There can be no quarrel with that finding. Secondly, costs were awarded
against the petitioner. The logical inference is that the petitioner who must
have known that the basis was gone and, therefore ought to bear the costs. The
second part of that decision was a discretionary part, and in my view, nothing
in that case suggests that the court was wrong to impose costs against the
petitioner there. The question arises, however, was whether costs would have
been ordered against the petitioner if he had withdrawn the petition as soon
as the judgment was reversed.  
  
In the present case, the petitioner asked for leave to withdraw the petition
after the respondent had paid the moneys due to it although the petitioner is
appealing against the decision of Judicial Commissioner Woo Bih Lee. It was
not disputed that on 28 July 20000, two days after JC Woo Bih Lee`s final
orders, the petitioner`s solicitors wrote to the respondent`s solicitors
offering to withdraw the petition upon the respondent paying the balance due
after JC Woo Bih Lee`s decision. When the petition was presented there was a
judgment debt. This debt was subsequently reduced substantially but not
entirely. I agree that a winding up petition is based on the insolvency of the
company, but a persistent reluctance to pay on an obvious debt may not
unreasonably give rise to the impression that the company was unable to pay. A
judgment under appeal does not mean that the debt is any less obvious because,
until it is reversed, the judgment is good. In **Cornhill Insurance plc v
Improvement Services Ltd** [1986] 1 WLR 114, 118 Harman J quoted Vaisey J`s
words in another case as follows: `Rich men and rich companies who did not pay
their debts had only themselves to blame if it were thought that they could
not pay them`. Thus the petitioner was, in my view, entitled to present the
winding up petition just as much as the respondent was entitled to seek an
order of court for a stay. Sargant J in **Re Amalgamated Properties of
Rhodesia (1913) Ltd** [1917] 2 Ch 115 was opposed to the notion that it was
wrong to present a winding up petition on a judgment debt just because there
is a pending appeal. He ruled however, that there be a short stay of the
petition until the respondent company could produce satisfactory security for
the debt. Thereafter, the petition would be dismissed with costs to the
petitioner. I agree entirely with this approach. The proper course for a
judgment debtor in the respondent`s circumstances is to offer to pay the
judgment into court or to a stakeholder pending appeal, unless, of course, the
respondent obtains an order for a stay of execution.  
  
Accordingly, I would order that costs be payable by the respondent up to 25
June 1999 (which was when a stay order of the winding up petition was made
with the ancillary order that the respondent provide adequate security). Each
party is to bear his own costs thereafter.  
  
**Outcome:**

Order accordingly.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Oct 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

