Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Ong Li Xia and Another  
[2000] SGHC 149

Case Number | : | CC 50/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 July 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Amarjeet Singh JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jaswant Singh assisted by Ranveet Kaur (Attorney-Generael's Chambers) for the prosecution; Sheik Mustaffa (assigned by CLAS) for the 1st accused; R Retnam (briefed) for the 2nd accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor â€” Ong Li Xia; Yeo Kim Han   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Judgment**

1\. The two Accused, **_Ong Li Xia_** and **_Yeo Kim Han_** have pleaded
guilty to 5 offences with which they were jointly charged and which they
committed in furtherance of the common intention of each other against the
Victim and to two offences each with which they were separately charged.
Consequently, they were convicted on all the charges.

2\. Briefly, the charges under the Penal Code, Cap 224 on which the Accused
have been convicted are:

**_Joint Charges_**

(i) 1st charge

> (s 377) - abetting by instigating the Victim with threats to commit an
> unnatural offence with a dog i.e. by sucking the penis of the said animal.

(ii) 6th charge

> (s 147) - being members of an unlawful assembly with others with the common
> object to cause hurt to the Victim by slapping, punching and kicking the
> Victim thereby committing rioting.

(iii) 9th charge

> (s 324) - causing hurt to the Victim by hitting her with a weapon a stick.

(iv) 10th charge

> (s 509) - intruding upon the privacy of the Victim andforcing her to strip
> naked and have her insert a marker and a Barbie dolls broken leg intoher
> vagina.

(v) 12th charge

> (s 342) - tying up and thereby wrongfully confining the Victim.

**_Separate Charges:_**

**__Ong Li Xia__**

(i) 14th charge

> (s 326) - pouring hot water, i.e. a heated substance on the body of the
> Victim and thereby causing _grievous hurt_ to her.

(ii) 15th charge

> (s 342) - tying the Victim up with raffia and thereby wrongfully confining
> her.

**__

Yeo Kim Han

__**

(i) 4th charge

> (s 506) - criminal intimidation by threatening the Victim with a stick.

(ii) 11th charge

> (s 326) - pouring hot water i.e. a heated substance on the Victims body
> thereby causing _grievous hurt_.

2.1 In addition, each accused person, consented to a number of other charges
being taken into consideration.

Both Accused consented to have the joint 7th Charge (rioting under s 147) and
the joint 8th Charge (_grievous hurt_ under s 326) taken into consideration.

**_

Ong Li Xia

_** consented to 4 separate charges being taken into consideration namely the
11th Charge (pouring hot water on the victim _grievous hurt_ under s 326),
13th Charge (causing hurt under s 323), 16th Charge (causing criminal force by
cutting the Victims hair under s 352) and 17th Charge (pouring hot water on
the Victim _grievous hurt_ under s 326). **_

Yeo Kim Han

_** consented to 3 separate charges being taken into consideration namely the
2nd Charge (causing hurt with a metal chair under s 324), 3rd charge (causing
hurt with books under s 323) and 5th charge (causing grievous hurt by pouring
hot water, a heated substance under s 326).

3\. **_Ong Li Xia_** was about 14 years at the time of the offences and **_Yeo
Kim Han_** had attained the age of 17. The offences were committed between
15th December 1999 to 2nd January 2000 in an apartment where **_Ong Li Xia_**
lived with 3 of her sisters and their mother. Her father was serving sentence
at the time of the offences for a drug offence. The mother works in a karaoke
lounge.

3.1 The Victim was confined to the flat in which **_Ong Li Xia_** lived with
her sisters between 15th December 1999 to 2nd January 2000. All the offences
were committed in the flat. The flat was visited by **_Yeo Kim Han_** whose
girlfriend was one of the sisters of **_Ong Li Xia_**.

3.2 Some of the offences to which the two Accused have pleaded guilty, were
committed together with others i.e. the sisters of **_Ong Li Xia_** and one
Neo Soo Kai and one Melvin Yeo Yew Beng aged 17 years who also visited the
flat. These individuals pleaded guilty in the Subordinate Courts and have been
sentenced recently.

4\. In essence, the Prosecutions _Statement of Facts_ shows that the Victim
was initially physically assaulted with fists and instruments. Thereafter,
over time, she was asked to perform acts, which will fill anyone who
approaches the case, with great revulsion. At her tender age she was forced
under threats to put objects into her private part and forced on another
occasion, to perform oral sex with a dog in effect an act of bestility, if I
might say, which greatly demeaned her sexually. In that incident, **_Ong Li
Xia_** and **_Yeo Kim Han_** both told the Victim to suck the penis of the dog
and **_Ong Li Xia_** carried the dog towards the Victims face. **_Yeo Kim
Han_** threatened to beat the Victim with a stick if she did not do so. On
other days, hot water taken from a kettle was poured on her during her
captivity several times over the two weeks to her screams. She suffered from
third degree burns on her neck and chest and trunk and on her upper and lower
limb as the medical report shows. The photographic evidence shows extensive
keloid formations over the burnt areas. The acts showed an inclination on the
part of both Accused to be sadistic i.e. practising on the young Victim sexual
perversion marked by a love for cruelty and also of deriving pleasure from
inflicting or watching cruelty over the period of two weeks.

4.1 The Victim has in her _Victim Impact Statement_ stated poignantly that the
incidents have left on her horrendous scars as a result of the scalding with
hot water, have hurt her and continue to hurt her greatly and have changed her
life drastically for the worse and particularly that with her said scars, no
boy will even be attracted to her. The photographic evidence of the scars
confirms the anguish which she has, no doubt, experienced. Both Accused have
also put the Victims family out of pocket with a large medical bill. More pain
and expense will follow if she is able to undergo plastic surgery to correct
the scars. Some residual scarring will though remain in the end.

**_

Sentence

_**__

Ong Li Xia

__

5\. _Ong Li Xia_ being about 14 years old at the time of the offence and 15
now, falls within the definition of a _youthful offender_ i.e. a person
between the ages of 7 to 16, under s 2 of the **_Criminal Procedure Code_**
Cap 68 (CPC). S 235 empowers a criminal court to imprison or fine a _youthful
offender_ convicted by it as set out by the punishment provided by that
offence. The Court is however, given a discretionary power of sentencing such
an accused person under the punishment provisions of the **_Children & Young
Persons Act_** Cap 38 (CYPA) under which Act she would be categorised as a
_young person_ being between the ages of 14 16\. The punishment provisions of
CYPA are mainly set out in sections 37, 38 and 44 of the CYPA and they
constitute lesser punishments save for a provision for imprisonment contained
in s 37 which however can only be imposed if the Court certifies that the
_young person_ is of so unruly a character that such person cannot be detained
in a place of detention or an approved school. S 38 under the same Act
provides for detention for such specified period as a Court may specify where
certain grave offences have been committed by the _young person_ namely
murder, culpable homicide not amounting to murder, attempted murder or
voluntarily causing grievous hurt and again only if the Court is of the
opinion that none of the other methods by which the case may be legally dealt
with is suitable.

5.1 Counsel for **_Ong Li Xia_** submitted that I exercise my discretion and
punish her under one of the lesser punishments provided by the CYPA as the
Accused, otherwise a bright student in school and of good character, was
traumatised by her fathers detention for a drug offence about a year earlier
and by her mother seldom coming home as she worked in a karaoke lounge.
Counsel explained that the Accused had also harmed the Victim whilst under the
trauma as the Victim had not kept an appointment with her at MacDonalds and
also because her pet hamster was lost which loss she blamed on the Victim.
Counsel also submitted that under the CYPA, the Prosecution had not shown that
the Accused was of unruly character and should therefore not undergo
imprisonment. Unruly character, he said, could not be shown or proven from the
facts of the case but should be independently shown from external facts and
observances as would describe her general reputation. Counsel intimated that
perhaps, a pre-sentencing report should be called to ascertain her character.

5.2 The Deputy Public Prosecutor in reply stated that there was a strong
indication that the Accused was of unruly character given the nature of the
offences and given the length of time i.e. two weeks over which the several
offences were committed. The Court could therefore he said, determine the
unruly character of the Accused from the facts of the case if it intended to
proceed on sentencing the Accused under the provisions of the CYPA.

6\. In my opinion, I am satisfied that the Court should exercise its power to
punish the Accused under its usual sentencing powers sitting as a Criminal
Court as stated in s 235 of the CPC. For the exercise of such usual power, it
is unnecessary for the Court to determine whether a _youthful offender_ i.e.
the _young person_ is or is not generally of an unruly character. The vicious
offences committed by the Accused on the Victim as is evident from the
consequences she has suffered, call for a punitive sentence of imprisonment
that is deterrent. The Accused showed her dark side by inflicting harm to the
Victim with **_Yeo Kim Han_** or in separate incidents. The Accused
contributed towards badly disfiguring her by pouring hot water on her body in
addition to others thereby causing physical and mental damage to her in
response to a petty dispute such as not turning up at MacDonalds as scheduled
and because her hamster was missing for which she put the blame on the Victim.
There was really no provocation or aggression by the Victim. _Young offenders_
where they engage in violence and cause injuries on a person resulting in
serious harm or consequences to the person without provocation can and should
expect to be imprisoned and not expect to be dealt with kid gloves by the
Court. Nor should a minor provocation be made an excuse to inflict mindless
violence on a person.

6.1 In the circumstances, and taking into consideration the other charges
consented to by the Accused, I sentence her as follows:

1st charge s 377 (unnatural offence) - 2 years imprisonment

6th charge s 147 (rioting) - 18 months imprisonment

9th charge s 324 (hurt with weapon - a stick) - 2 years imprisonment

10th charge s 509 (intruding on sexual privacy) - 6 months imprisonment

12th charge s 342(confinement) - 6 months imprisonment

14th charge s 326(pouring hot water) - 3 years imprisonment

15th charge s 342(confinement) - 6 months imprisonment

6.2 I consider the 1st, 10th and 14th charges to be the most serious in so far
as the actual facts are concerned and the sentences of 2 years, 6 months and 3
years respectively thereunder, shall run consecutively. The sentences in
respect of the other charges are to run concurrently with that of the 1st,
10th and 14th charges. In sentencing the Accused, I have taken the totality
principle into consideration by moderating the sentence.

**

The Accused shall therefore serve a total sentence of imprisonment of 5 years
and shall take effect from the date of her remand.

__

Yeo Kim Han

__**

7\. As for **_Yeo Kim Han_** , whose girlfriend was _Ong Lay Hua_ , the elder
sister of **_Ong Li Xia_** , his co-accused, Defence Counsel submitted that
peer pressure and influence, drove the Accused to participate in the acts
described in the charges. Counsel stated that an altercation had broken out in
the flat after the Victim was accused of not keeping an engagement at
MacDonalds with his girlfriend Ong Lay Hua and the Victim had picked up a
broomstick to attack Ong Lay Hua. However, Counsel had conceded that Ong Lay
Hua had slapped the Victim in the first place. To my mind, therefore, if the
Victim picked up a broomstick, she probably did it out of self-defence. No
particular allegation was made by Counsel that she had actually hit Ong Lay
Hua with the broomstick or where she had been hit. In any case, the Accused
had participated in the events of bullying and torturing the Victim by his
violence in common intention **_with Ong Li Xia_** and separately by himself
for some two weeks afterwards. I reject the mitigation of the Accused that he
acted out of peer pressure. The Victim had not provoked him or caused any harm
to him. He was 17 and a member of _Ri Heng Lion Dance Training Centre_ and had
admittedly gone abroad with his troupe on lion dances. He was obviously
travelled and mature. I am of the opinion that he has to bear greater
responsibility than **_Ong Li Xia_** for the offences committed on the Victim
especially in relation to the commission of the unnatural offence under s
377.. **_Ong Li Xia_** was not his equal in age, intelligence or experience as
regards matters of sex although she had attained puberty and would have some
basic instinct and understanding of sex. Moreover, I am of the opinion that
there should therefore be a differentiating measure in respect of his
punishment as it was he who threatened to beat the Victim with a stick if she
did not perform the unnatural act. The unnatural act took place mainly because
of his threats to harm the Victim with a weapon. Taking the other charges
which the Accused has consented to be taken into consideration, I now sentence
him as follows:

1st charge s 377 (unnatural offence) - 4 years imprisonment

6th charge s 147(rioting) - 18 months imprisonment plus 2 strokes of the cane

9th charge s 324(hurt with stick a weapon) - 2 years imprisonment plus 4
strokes of the cane

10th charge s 509(intruding on sexual privacy) - 6 months imprisonment

12th charge s 342(confinement) - 6 months imprisonment

4th charge s 506(criminal intimidation) - 6 months imprisonment

11th charge s 326(pouring hot water) - 3 years imprisonment plus 6 strokes of
the cane.

7.1 The sentences of imprisonment in respect of the 1st, 10th and 11th charges
are to run consecutively and the rest to run concurrently with the said 1st,
10th and 11th charges. I have similarly taken the totality principle into
consideration in sentencing the Accused by moderating the sentence.

**

The total sentence of imprisonment therefore is 7 years and it shall take
effect from the date of his remand.

The cumulative number of strokes of the cane in respect of the 6th, 9th and
11th charges shall be 12.

**

Amarjeet Singh

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jul 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

