Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Richard Ang Ah Lah v Singapore Turf Club  
[2000] SGHC 194

Case Number | : | Suit 708/2000/K, SIC 694/2000/Y  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 September 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andre Arul [Arul Chew & Partners] for the plaintiff; Michael Palmer and Zee Yeng Yun [Harry Elias Partnership] for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Richard Ang Ah Lah — Singapore Turf Club   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Decision**

1\. The plaintiff is a professional racehorse trainer as well as a co-owner of
the "Happy Happy Stable". The defendant is a horse racing club and a member of
the Malaysian Racing Association ("MRA") which regulates horse racing in
Singapore and West Malaysia through four racing associations, including the
defendant. On 23 August 2000 the plaintiff pleaded guilty to five charges of
misconduct against him and was disqualified as a trainer for two years on each
of the charges, but the disqualification periods are to run consecutively. The
plaintiff brought this action with the view of setting aside the conviction
and sentence. The present application before me was taken out by the plaintiff
seeking an interim injunction against the defendant from enforcing the
disqualification before the trial.

2\. The story began on 19 August 2000 when _Crystal Chilavert_ , one of the
plaintiff’s horses, was withdrawn just before the race for failing a pre-race
blood test. A substance known as Telzenac (which is a commercial name for
Eltenac, an anti-inflammatory drug) was found in the blood of the horse. The
plaintiff was subsequently informed that the same substance was found in
_Prinz Oskar_ , _Star Dragon_ , and _Sky Warrior_ \- horses either trained by
him or under his care. A search of the plaintiff’s office on the very day
yielded nothing of interest. His car was then searched, and a sling bag was
found on the front floorboard. The sling bag contained a brown clutch bag in
which contained some prohibited drugs of which Telzenac (in two 20 ml bottles)
was one. Five syringes and 14 needles were also recovered from the bag.

3\. On 22 August 2000 David Fisher, the defendant’s Chief Stipendiary Steward,
told the plaintiff by telephone to attend an inquiry the next day in respect
of the articles seized from him. A written notice of the same date was also
served on the plaintiff. The inquiry was convened on 23 August 2000 at 1.05pm.
The panel consisted of David Fisher as chairman, and three stipendiary
stewards, Scott Matthews, Peter Chadwick, and Rajendran Pavadai. The plaintiff
was present by himself. The inquiry commenced with the following remarks by
David Fisher to the plaintiff:

> "Mr Ang the Stipendiary Stewards are inquiring into a matter relating to a
> report, a written report that I received from the Security Department of the
> Singapore Turf Club. I would advise you at the outset of this inquiry that a
> charge or charges may be laid against you from evidence emanating from this
> Inquiry. You may call any witnesses to the Inquiry and make any statements
> to the Stewards and you can present any evidence that you wish. You can
> question any evidence or witnesses that the Stipendiary Stewards might
> introduce. Do you understand your position and rights?"

The plaintiff acknowledged his understanding of David Fisher’s opening address
to him, and after a brief introduction to the members of the panel, the
inquiry continued with the plaintiff answering questions put to him. The
session ended at 2.10pm and the panel retired to consider the proceedings.
When it resumed at 2.38pm the plaintiff was notified that he is being charged
with five counts of contravention of the MRA Rules. The first charge was under
Rule 203 (d) (i) and (ii), and the remaining four under Rule 200(5). The first
charge related to possession of any prohibited substance or instruments for
the administration of a prohibited substance. The four other charges related
to the administration of a prohibited substance into a horse that had been
entered for a race. The charges were read to the plaintiff who pleaded guilty
to all of them. His guilty plea was accepted and consequently, the panel
disqualified him as a trainer for a total of ten years.

4\. The plaintiff brought this action in order to set aside the convictions
and disqualification. In the meantime, he wants to be reinstated. The
plaintiff’s arguments are based on his assertion that he has a likelihood of
success, and that even if he were to fail, the punishment would not be so
harsh as to merit a ten-year disqualification. In applications of this kind,
the court must first inquire what sort of harm the plaintiff will suffer if
the interim injunction is not granted and whether damages will be an adequate
remedy. The plaintiff here says that he will not be able to work and will lose
the income he would otherwise earn.

5\. This is not a situation in which the plaintiff has been charged but not
yet proven guilty. The inquiry is over and the plaintiff had admitted to the
charges and condemned on their account. It is almost always invidious to try
and determine the merits of the substantive case in the course of interim
proceedings. Unless full arguments are presented it would be neither
reasonable nor fair for a judge to give his opinion as to the plaintiff’s (or
defendant’s as the case may be) chances of success. It is not appropriate to
present arguments here tending to engage the issues at trial, and more so when
the plaintiff also has a pending appeal against his disqualification before
the panel of Racing Stewards. In such circumstances, the balance of
convenience weighs in favour of maintaining the tribunal’s decisions. Mr Arul
urged me to maintain the status quo, that is, according to him, reinstating
the plaintiff’s licence. With respect, that is not the status quo. That is the
position prior to the status quo.

6\. Mr Palmer, representing the defendant, referred me to _Russell v Duke of
Norfolk_ _[1949] 1 All ER 109_ in response to some of Mr Arul’s most strenuous
arguments against the stipendiary stewards for failing to adhere to the rules
of natural justice. I agree that there is a strong similarity in fact and
issue in that case to the present one, and Tucker LJ’s judgment speaks
persuasively in favour of the stewards’ handling of the inquiry there, but as
I have said, these are matters for the trial. The plaintiff had meticulously
set out in his affidavit the various heads of loss suffered by him as a result
of his disqualification. Perusing them, I am satisfied that damages will be an
adequate relief should he succeed at trial. There was no question before me
that the defendant will be unable to pay if so ordered at trial. Mr Arul
referred to a passage from the decision in _Kok Seng Chong v Bukit Turf
Club[1993] 2 SLR 3, 20_ which he said supports the contention that loss of
professional reputation is not something "capable of compensation by damages".
I understand that passage as really saying that compensation for loss of
professional reputation is not as easily quantifiable as compensation for loss
of income. But I think that it is nonetheless capable of assessment, and that
is good enough. In any event, an interim injunction will not help the
plaintiff’s reputation here. Nothing short of an outright vindication will do,
but that cannot be realised before the full trial.

7\. For the reasons above I dismissed the plaintiff’s application.

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Sep 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

