Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Quek Chiau Beng v Phua Swee Pah Jimmy  
[2000] SGHC 247

Case Number | : | DC 50072/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 November 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  G P Selvam J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Mun Hooi and Ng Chong Hsing (Lee Mun Hooi & Co) for the plaintiff; G Raman (G Raman & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Quek Chiau Beng — Phua Swee Pah Jimmy   
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Unconditional leave to defend – Whether
action to recover gambling debt prohibited by law – Whether summary judgment
appropriate  
  
Contract – Illegality and public policy – Gaming contract – Action to recover
gambling debt – Whether Recovery under a loan – Action prohibited by law –
Whether invalidity of gaming contract not affected by use of gaming chips
instead of cash – s 5(2) Civil Law Act (Cap 43)  
  

: **_The case_**  
  
The plaintiff in this action claims S$160,000 from the defendant. That amount
is endorsed on a baccarat score card of Crown Casino in Melbourne, Australia.  
  
The basis of the claim is that on 4 October 1998 the defendant had rolled an
estimated sum of A$586,000 of uncashable rolling chips. He returned part of
the chips. At the end of the day, after giving credit to commission and
payment, he owed the amount claimed. The statement of claim dated 21 January
1999 says that the defendant gambled at the Crown Casino in Melbourne,
Australia. The statement of claim does not say in terms that the amount he
allegedly owes is his net loss. But there can be no doubt that on the
allegations, the defendant incurred a debt because he lost at baccarat. More
will be said about this later. The plaintiff asserts that he was a licensed
junket operator of Crown Casino. The plaintiff goes on to allege that the
defendant obtained uncashable rolling chips at the Casino, not from him, but
from his representative called Chen Di Hua.  
  
The defendant filed a defence. He admits that he gambled and tumbled at the
Crown Casino. He denies that the plaintiff approached him to gamble under any
junket arranged at the Crown Casino. He denies in terms that he had any
dealings with the plaintiff with regard to his gambling sessions at the Crown
Casino and asserts that he had not obtained any `uncashable rolling chips`
from the plaintiff or his representative. By way of a positive case the
defendant asserts that he treated with one Quek Keng Siong, the father of the
plaintiff (`Quek Sr`). The defendant goes on to assert that Quek Sr promised
that `**_credit_** will be extended to the defendant to gamble at the said
Crown Casino: Based on this promise the defendant went to Melbourne on or
about 30 September 1998`. [Italics here and hereafter supplied by me]. The
defendant admits that `as arranged by the said Quek, whenever the defendant
wished to make a bet, he would obtain chips from the said Quek at the said
gambling table. The chips were however uncashable chips`. The defendant, on
the decisive point at issue, says this: `When the gambling session ended in
the morning of 5 October 1998, an account was taken between myself and the
said Quek. Although the said Quek claimed that I owed him a sum of S$160,000 I
disagreed with the said amount.` This assertion is further extended in the
further and better particulars that `On the morning of 4 October 1998 when the
said Quek produced a rough calculation of the accounts on a baccarat score
card, the calculation therein was confusing and the defendant wanted the said
Quek to clarify, which he failed to do so to date`.  
  
The plaintiff applied for summary judgment. In support of the application Quek
Sr filed an affidavit. A copy of a baccarat score card No Z-95806178 was
exhibited. An entry in the card was in English and Chinese. In translation it
read: `Jening owed Singapore dollars S$160,000 - 3/10/98`. In the affidavit
Quek Sr says, `at the end of the gambling session, it was stated in the
scorecard and written in Chinese and was initialled by the defendant
indicating that he was indebted to the plaintiff for the outstanding balance
sum of S$160,000`. He then added, the defendant `has clearly admitted that he
did on the above mentioned occasion gamble at Crown Casino with me`. The
baccarat card does not say that he owes the **_plaintiff_**. It merely says
`Jening Owed.` There is no explanation who `Jening` was.  
  
The defendant has declined to admit that he signed the baccarat card. I shall,
however, assume that he did. On that assumption, the only conclusion to be
drawn is the defendant gambled and tumbled to the tune of S$160,000.  
  
**_A comment on the pleadings and affidavits_**

****

There is no mention anywhere in the documents that there was a loan. A loan is
an amount of money transferred on the understanding that it will be returned.
There is no **_allegation_** or **_evidence_** in the pleadings or affidavits
that either of the Queks transferred any money to the defendant. The
allegations and the evidence show that the defendant bet on baccarat and lost
heavily. He is therefore being sued to recover a gambling debt. That being the
case, this action was a non-starter. The reason is that s 5(2) of the Civil
Law Act (Cap 43) forbids in peremptory terms the bringing of such an action:
`**_No action shall be brought or maintained in the court for recovering any
sum of money alleged to be won on any wager_** `. This is a reiteration of s
5(1) of the Civil Law Act which renders all contracts or agreements by way of
gaming or wagering null and void. Its gloss is that a gambling debt cannot
spawn a cause of action. It is a **_nudum pactum_** , an empty agreement. On
the allegations in the statement of claim the action therefore is forbidden by
statute and ought not to have been brought. (I shall call s 5 of the Civil Law
Act as `the gaming section`).  
  
**_A recap of the law of gaming contracts_**

****

In 1999 I tried two cases and delivered separate judgments:

1 **Sun Cruises Ltd v Overseas Union Bank** [1999] 3 SLR 404 .

2 **Star Cruise Services Ltd v Overseas Union Bank Ltd** [1999] 3 SLR 412 .  
  
**_gambling on credit_**** _Sun Cruise_**** _Star Cruise_** I explained in the
two judgments the civil law of gaming. It would be salutary to sum up the
salient points.

1 The gaming section does not render gambling illegal. It does not forbid
gambling. The purpose of the provision is to put down . It means that the
winner has no legal remedy against the loser to recover his wins. Illegality
and ineffectiveness, that is nullity, are two different concepts.

2 The gaming section does not prohibit the loser settling his losses but he
cannot be compelled to pay his losses.

3 Under the gaming section our courts are not allowed to collect gambling
debts for casinos and junket operators. The courts will not permit a gambling
debt to sneak in in disguise, eg as a loan or a sale contract for chips. The
courts must take a robust stand against, and stamp on, actions brought in
defiance of the gaming section: see **R v Weisz, ex p Hector Macdonald**
[1951] 2 KB 611.

4 The use of chips or sale of chips on credit does not validate the claim.
Chips are not money or money`s worth but counters for tracking the losses and
the wins. They also indicate the line of credit. The scorecard merely says how
much the gambler has lost. It is not evidence of a loan. It is not evidence of
a contract of sale. The amount shown as owing is the amount of gambling debt.
A loss cannot be disguised as a loan or sales contract to circumvent the
gaming section.

5 A promise in order to be obnoxious to the second branch of the section must
be a promise to pay the bet, and the prohibition relates only to recovery of
money or a valuable thing alleged to be lost. The question what does the
agreement really come to is a question for the tribunal of fact which will not
be deceived by any specious attempt to conceal the real nature of the promise
... . It would be strange if the consequences of the section could be evaded
by so patent and artificial a device. per Lord Greene in **Hill v William Hill
(Park Lane) Ltd** [1949] AC 530 at p 559.

6 In **Las Vegas Hilton Corp v Khoo Teng Hock Sunny** [1997] 1 SLR 341  the
defendant admitted that there was a loan. It was not his case that no money
passed or that it was a disguise of a gambling loss. The case was decided on
his admission that there was a loan. The same applies to **Loh Chee Song v
Liew Yong Chian** [1998] 2 SLR 641 . It was not the defendant`s case that no
money passed hands. It was not part of the defence in both cases that the
alleged `loan` was a disguise of gambling on credit. In **The Aspinall Curzon
Ltd v Khoo Teng Hock** [1991] 2 MLJ 484  legality of gambling was given the
sameness of actionability. There is a fine but fundamental distinction between
the two. The authorities and analyses of principles in the and cases were not
presented to the courts which decided the three cases. None of the three cases
made reference to the dissenting judgment of Nicolls LJ in **Lipkin Gorman v
Karpnale Ltd** [1989] 1 WLR 1340 or the masterly judgment of Lord Templeman in
the same case: [1991] 2 AC 548 (HL) and **CHT v Ward** [1965] 2 QB 63. These
cases explain the legal aspects of gambling with chips in a modern licensed
casino. The counsel for the defendants in the trilogy failed to read and
reveal these important judgments to the court.  
  
**_What is a junket?_**

****

I shall now state my understanding of the role of a junket operator. In the
words of **_Black`s Law Dictionary_** (6th Ed, 1990), a junket is:

> _An arrangement or arrangements the primary purpose of which is to induce
> any person to gamble at a licensed casino and pursuant to which, and as
> consideration for which, a certain portion of the cost of transportation,
> food, lodging, and entertainment for said person is directly or indirectly
> paid by a casino licensee or employee or agent thereof._

  
  
What a junket operator does is to secure for the casino high net worth
individuals to visit the casino as consenting captive gamblers and gamble on
credit. He provides the gambler with chips and encourages him to gamble. The
`free` trips and entertainment sweeten the bait to attract the gambler to the
casino. Junkets are arranged on the basis that `Play first and pay later`. The
junket operator is the casino`s comprador. Because the casino does not know
the gambler and the junket operator often acts as a guarantor to the casino.
When a gambler loses he incurs a gambling debt irrespective of whether he
receives the chips from the casino or the comprador.  
  
Gamblers do not sell their property before they go on a junket and end up in
the casino. It is when they lose heavily and return that they resort to
desperate acts. In the **_Sun Cruise_** , **_Star Cruise_** and **_Lipkin
Gorman_** cases the gamblers stole the money to pay the casino or junket
operator. The purpose of the gaming section is to staunch the flow of such
funds into the coffers of the casino or junket operator.  
  
**_The meanderings of the action_**

****

With that backdrop I now return to the case before me. The writ was issued on
21 January 1999 while the **_Star Cruise_** trial was in progress. The defence
was filed after I gave my decision but before release of the written judgment.
On 10 May 1999 orders were made on summons for directions. The case was
ordered to be set down for trial by 9 August 1999. For reasons not revealed
this was not done. Then, at a pre-trial conference held on 20 August 1999,
there was another order to set down the case within two weeks. Once again for
reasons not revealed this was not done. There was a hiatus of nine months. On
24 May 2000 the plaintiff filed an application for summary judgment. On 8
August 2000 the deputy registrar of the District Court granted the defendant
unconditional leave to defend. The plaintiff appealed to the District Court
judge-in-chambers. The defendant was given conditional leave to defend.
Dissatisfied with the decision, the defendant appealed to the High Court.  
  
**_The decision_**

****

Counsel for the plaintiff argued before the district judge that the defendant
obtained a loan and that the **_Las Vegas_** case created an exception to the
conception of non-actionability of gaming contracts. The district judge
accepted that submission. The judge said in her grounds of decision:

> _My view is that the case of**Star Cruises** can be distinguished from the
> case of **Las Vegas Hilton Corp** and **Loh Chee Seng**. GP Selvam J`s
> comments in [para ] 88 of his judgment in the **Star Cruise** case were made
> and must be viewed in the context of the special circumstances of that case
> which involved a claim by the casino company itself to recover a gaming
> debt. That case did not involve a loan of moneys for gambling._

  
  
What I said about the **_Las Vegas Hilton Corp_** case was that there was no
challenge to the assertion that there was a loan. There was an admission that
there was a loan. Consequently, whether there was a loan was not in issue. In
this case there was no allegation, admission or proof of a loan in the
pleadings or the affidavits. So it is diametrically different.  
  
In the present case there is neither an allegation nor any evidence of a loan
by anyone in the pleadings or the affidavits. On the other hand the pleadings
of this case assert or suggest a case of loss at gambling on credit. The non-
encashable chips in the hands of the defendant were worth nothing. They were
mere counters measuring the credit line to enable the defendant to gamble. In
**CHT Ltd v Ward** [1965] 2 QB 63 at p 79E it was argued that the issue of
chips was equivalent to a **_loan of money_**. The chips, it was said, were
private currency. Davies LJ rejected this contention and said at pp 79-80:

> _People do not game in order to win chips; they game in order to win money.
> The chips are not money or money`s worth; they are mere counters or symbols
> used for the convenience of all concerned in the gaming. If actual money
> were lent to the defendant in order to game and the game were played for
> cash, the defendant would pay her own losses in cash and the plaintiffs
> would be under no obligation to pay anything to the winners. Conversely, it
> is to be observed that if the defendant paid actual cash to the plaintiffs
> on taking delivery of chips, the defendant would be under no obligation
> thereafter to pay anything to the plaintiffs, though, of course, the
> plaintiffs would be bound to pay cash to the winners to redeem the chips._

  
  
For the purpose of the gaming section, it makes no difference that the gaming
is carried on, not with cash, but with gaming chips supplied by a gambling
club to its members; and this is true even though the chips are supplied on
terms which entitle the member to use them either for gaming or to buy
refreshments in the club. Whether or not there is a separate contract for the
supply of chips, their use for the purpose of gaming is `simply a convenient
mechanism for facilitating gambling with money` and the fact that chips are
used does not affect the invalidity of the gaming contract.` - **_Chitty on
Contracts_** (28th Ed), para 40-019.  
  
The evidence (including the evidence of the defendant) show that what is
sought is a gambling loss. When counsel spoke of a loan it was his wishful
thinking. It arose out of wishes rather than facts. The **_Las Vegas Hilton
Corp_** case was the direct stimulus which made him give the label of a loan
to what was in fact a gambling debt. When was a loan made? How much money was
given as a loan? Where was it given? Who gave it? What was the currency of the
loan? There is no hint of any of these matters in the pleadings or the
affidavits. The reality of the situation was that there was a gaming debt.  
  
The defendant has raised two points: First he played the gambling game of
baccarat on credit and lost. As this is a gambling debt it is null and void.
No action can be brought in Singapore to recover it. I do not think that the
position is different in Australia. Next, he lost to the Crown Casino or Quek
Sr but not the plaintiff. So he incurred the gaming debt to the casino or his
father. There was no loan or any other valid consideration to found a cause of
action by the plaintiff or his father or the casino. The plaintiff is a
stranger to the transaction. I make these conclusions assuming the allegations
as facts. The trial court must make the finding of facts and apply the law.  
  
In the result the defendant is entitled to treat the plaintiff to the trouble
of a trial. An application for summary judgment does not fit in with the fit
of things of this case. The plaintiff ought not to have been allowed to alter
course at the late stage and ignore the order of court to set the case down
for trial. The case was ordered to be set down for trial not once but twice.
Both were ignored with impunity.  
  
Accordingly, I allow the appeal and set aside the order of the district judge
and restore the order of the deputy registrar. The plaintiff shall pay the
defendant the costs of his appeal to the district judge and the defendant`s
appeal to the High Court.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal allowed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Nov 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

