Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Loganatha Venkatesan and Others  
[2000] SGHC 38

Case Number | : | CC 59/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 March 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anandan s/o Bala, Christina Koh Sok Kheng and Peter Koy Su Hua [Attorney-General's Chambers] for the prosecution; Luke Lee Yoon Tet [Luke Lee & Co] (assigned) and Nadarajan Kanagavijayan [K Krishan & Partners] (assigned) for the first accused; N K Rajarh [Rajah Velu & Co] (assigned) and Nicholas Cheong Fook Hing [Lim Soo Peng & Co] (assigned) for the second accused; Selva Kumara Naidu [Naidu Mohan & Theseira] (assigned) and Thrumurgan s/o Ramapiram [Palakrishanan & Partners] (assigned) for the third accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Loganatha Venkatesan; Chandran S/O Rajagopal; Julaiha Begum   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

__

__**GROUNDS OF JUDGMENT**

_**Cur Adv Vult**_

**

Introduction

**1\. On 21 April 1999, about 7.00am, T Maniam, a 55 year old retired police
inspector from the Criminal Investigation Department ("CID") was set upon and
battered to death outside his home at 86 Phoenix Garden. Three persons were
charged with his murder. Two of them are Indian nationals, aged 25. The first
accused is Loganatha Venkatesan and the second accused is Chandran s/o
Rajagopal. The third accused is Maniam’s widow, Julaiha Begum, aged 51. She
was charged under section 302 read with section 109 of the Penal Code for
abetting Venkatesan, Chandran and other unknown persons in the murder.****

**

The Background

**

2\. The domestic history of Maniam and Julaiha is relevant for a clearer
understanding of the case of the prosecution as well as the defence. Julaiha’s
first husband was one Abdul Kareem for whom she bore two sons and two
daughters. When they divorced in 1981 Julaiha took custody of the daughters,
Sairah and Fairos, as well as the second son. Abdul Kareem took custody of the
elder son. At that time Julaiha was living in a flat at Dover Crescent. Maniam
came to know Julaiha about this time and subsequently moved in to live with
her. Sairah and Fairos were then about five and eleven years old respectively.
It can be gleaned from their testimonies that Maniam brought them up very
well, and they in turn, became utterly devoted to him. Maniam was himself
married at the time he moved into Julaiha’s flat. He later divorced his wife
and married Julaiha in 1991. In the meantime, Julaiha sold the Dover Crescent
flat and moved into a terrace house at Jurong Kechil which Maniam purchased in
his sole name. In 1993 Maniam sold that house and bought 86 Phoenix Garden
with Julaiha as a joint owner. According to Fairos, the relationship between
Maniam and Julaiha began to deteriorate in 1993\. The estrangement was slow
and gradual, but its nadir (in October 1996 when Julaiha left the matrimonial
home) was frenzied and violent. From the accounts of Sairah and Fairos,
trouble brewed when the family took a holiday in India sometime in mid 1995.
Maniam and Fairos returned from the holiday as scheduled, but Julaiha and
Saira were unable to return until some six months later owing to problems with
the Indian authorities, the details of which are not relevant for the purposes
of this trial. According to Sairah and Fairos, however, Julaiha unjustifiably
blamed Sairah for their detention in India. Sairah was enrolled as a tertiary
student in an Australian university at that time, and Maniam had to obtain a
deferment of her studies until her return at the end of 1995.

3\. It was in those unsettled times in 1996 that Julaiha first came to know
Venkatesan. He was then staying with other Indian nationals two houses away
from Maniam and Julaiha’s home, and about the middle of that year Venkatesan
was engaged to fell a mango tree in 86 Phoenix Garden. Fairos recalled an
incident when she returned home unexpectedly one afternoon because her classes
were cancelled. She saw Julaiha and Venkatesan sitting intimately on the
family sofa. She also testified that on another occasion, she had seen Julaiha
passing food to Venkatesan over the gate of their house. One evening in
October 1996, Maniam and Julaiha’s daughters caught her holding hands with
Venkatesan at nearby Teck Whye. A scuffle ensued between Maniam and
Venkatesan. Venkatesan took out a private summons against Maniam for assault
arising from that incident. The trial was held in 1998 in which Maniam, Sairah
and Fairos were charged with assaulting Venkatesan. Julaiha testified on
behalf of Venkatesan. The two girls were acquitted, but Maniam was convicted
and fined $500. Not fully satisfied, Venkatesan commenced a civil suit against
Maniam which was still pending at the time Maniam was killed. Also pending
trial was a second private summons taken out by Venkatesan against Maniam
arising from a later incident in which Venkatesan alleged that Maniam had sent
two men to beat him up. There was to be a court hearing concerning that
summons on Saturday 24 April 1999.

4\. I revert to the Teck Whye incident. Venkatesan and Julaiha denied that
they were holding hands. They said that Julaiha met Venkatesan at a bus-stop
at Teck Whye to collect some food which he had brought for her. The assault by
Maniam on Venkatesan at Teck Whye took place in the evening. In the wee hours
of the following morning, Julaiha went to 86 Phoenix Garden to collect her
belongings. She was accompanied by her friend Sellamal, Sellamal’s daughter,
and son-in-law, Moghan Perisamy. Thereafter, she moved out and lived with
Venkatesan, first at Sellamal’s flat, then at Jurong, and finally at Tah Ching
Road. The occasion when Julaiha returned to collect her belongings was not a
peaceful episode. It is not clear where Venkatesan was when Julaiha went back
to collect her things. One account had him lurking outside the house, another
that he was seen going up the stairs where he had another scuffle with Maniam.
What was clear, from the testimony of Moghan Perisamy, was that Maniam refused
to let him ("Moghan") enter the house, and a quarrel ensued between these two
men. The police arrived and advised Moghan and Sellamal to wait in the car
while they escorted Julaiha when she collected her belongings. Evidence was
adduced by the prosecution through Sairah and Fairos that as Julaiha was
leaving the house, she turned and threatened Maniam that she would "take care"
of him, in the ominous sense.

5\. I pause at this juncture to consider a point of contention. The
prosecution adduced evidence to show that Venkatesan and Julaiha were lovers.
Moghan Perisamy himself saw them in a lovers’ embrace at the staircase outside
Sellamal’s flat sometime after October 1996. He questioned Julaiha about her
relationship with Venkatesan and she told him that they were lovers. Evidence
of intimacy were also adduced through Fairos and Sairah. It was also not
disputed that Julaiha and Venkatesan lived together after Julaiha left her
husband although it was clear that they rented separate rooms in the same flat
at Tah Ching Road from a Malay family (who themselves occupied the master
bedroom of the flat). Whether Julaiha and Venkatesan were lovers is not a
finding that I need to make. There is, however, sufficient evidence for me to
conclude that they were bonded by a close and intimate friendship even if that
relationship fell short of an adulterous affair.

6\. The period from October 1996 until 21 April 1999, when Maniam was killed,
was one in which Julaiha, Venkatesan, and Maniam waged war in the courts. They
fought a private summons taken out by Venkatesan against Maniam, Sairah and
Fairos for assault. There was also a pending civil suit over the same matter.
Then, there was the protection order which Maniam obtained on 3 April 1997
against Julaiha. There was a dispute in the High Court over the division of 86
Phoenix Garden in which, Judicial Commissioner Tay Yong Kwang made an order in
November 1998 that the house be sold by June 1999 with Julaiha being entitled
to 20% of the proceeds and Maniam the remaining 80%. There was also the
private summons hearing in the subordinate courts scheduled for Saturday 24
April 1999. This concerned Venkatesan’s allegation that Maniam had procured
two men to assault him at Gul Road, Jurong.

7\. About 7 o’clock on the Wednesday morning of 21 April 1999 Maniam left his
house. He was walking to his car parked a short distance diagonally across the
front gate of his house. He was there set upon by two men and assaulted with
blunt instruments. The attack was swift and brutal. It might have been carried
out in cold blood or with unfettered rage, but that is one facet of this case
that is neither easy nor necessary to determine. When the assault ended,
however, Maniam lay dying on the pavement outside his neighbour’s house. The
ambulance attendant Sim Lai Kiow from the Bukit Timah Fire Station pronounced
him dead at 7.25 am. Dr Teo Eng Swee, a pathologist with the Department of
Scientific Services, testified that Maniam died from severe injuries to his
head. In his opinion, there were at least four blows to the left side of the
head, one to the right side, and one to the neck. He found that the base of
the skull was cracked from ear to ear. Part of Maniam’s right middle finger
was amputated by a blow during the assault. This injury was described by Dr
Teo as one of the various defensive injuries found on Maniam’s hands and arms.
No similar wounds were inflicted elsewhere on his body. From this evidence, it
appears to me that the assailants were aiming only at his head with the
intention of causing maximum damage.

**

The Prosecution’s Case: The Conspiracy

**

8\. The prosecution’s case is that Venkatesan and Chandran attacked Maniam and
dealt him the mortal blows while another accomplice sat in their get-away
truck. It is their case that the murder was commissioned by Julaiha who
abetted the crime by conspiracy. The evidence of the conspiracy was produced
chiefly by the testimony of Govindasamy Ravichandran. Ravichandran was a 28
year old fisherman from the village of Pudukuppam in Tamil Naidu, India. He
had come to work in Singapore once before. His second stint here began on 27
August 1997. He had known Venkatesan and Chandran from his childhood days in
Pudukuppam.

9\. On the evening of 14 April 1999, which was the Tamil New Year, Venkatesan
and Chandran looked for Ravichandran in a make-shift cinema where a group of
Indian nationals were watching a film. After they had found him, they took him
to a quiet spot at a block of flats in Geylang Avenue East. There, Venkatesan
told Ravichandran that he had a court case with Maniam which he (Venkatesan)
was not likely to win, and so they have to "finish off that man (Maniam)".
Chandran added some details as well as an account of a previous attempt to
finish Maniam. He told Ravichandran that in that instance, Julaiha paid some
men $15,000 but they did not do the job. The two male accused then took
Ravichandran by taxi to meet Julaiha at the void deck of her rented flat.
After they were introduced, Julaiha said to him, "First [Venkatesan] came and
then Chandran came. I feel a little better. Now that you have come I am fully
content. [Venkatesan] came to help me and got into this problem [so] finish
that man". Ravichandran testified that he expressed some fear because he was
married with a daughter, but Julaiha assured him thus: "Don’t worry about
that. Don’t worry. I will pay you however much you want. If you finish that
man I will get the house. I will sell the house and we can go to India. You
can trust me. I won’t cheat you." According to Ravichandran, Julaiha then
gesticulated with her hands and added, "Try to finish that man, Ravi". His
evidence was that her words "finish that man" meant and was understood by him
to mean "murder". Chandran and Ravichandran left Venkatesan and Julaiha at
2.30am (15 April) and went to a coffeeshop at Geylang.

10\. Ravichandran testified that Chandran assured him that Julaiha "was a good
woman and would pay" once the deed was done. Ravichandran remained
uncomfortable with the idea of getting involved in murder. Nonetheless, he was
brought along to Phoenix Garden several times. The first was merely a
reconnaissance exercise to survey where Maniam lived and where he parked his
car. This was on the Thursday night 15 April itself. Venkatesan, Chandran and
another man referred to by Venkatesan as the driver (later identified as
"Mani"), met Ravichandran about 10pm. At 11pm, after some drinks, Venkatesan
suggested that they go to see where Maniam parked his car. The foursome went
to Phoenix Garden by taxi. There they saw a car which Venkatesan identified as
Maniam’s car. He told them that Maniam works at Orchard Road and would leave
his house at 6.30am and that he would be carrying a bag. He instructed them to
park their vehicle under a nearby tree. He told them that Maniam might even
die of a heart attack if they surprise him when he opens the boot of his car.
They were told that if he does not die from shock, "beat him and finish him
off". After the reconnaissance the gang went to watch a film called
"_Padaiappa_ " at Sultan Plaza.

11\. After the show, they went to the vicinity of the Sivan Temple at Geylang
East. Venkatesan entered a nearby field and returned with a broad bladed knife
known in the Tamil language as an "_aruval_ ". Ravichandran testified that he
subsequently saw the _aruval_ in the back of the pick-up truck. Venkatesan
told the rest of the gang that they will go to Maniam’s house in the morning.
That would be Friday, 16 April. He instructed Ravichandran to bring his work
clothes so that he could change into them and go to work after "finishing off
that man". After collecting his clothes Ravichandran met the rest of the gang
at Chandran’s room. He saw another person sleeping in the room at that time.
He identified that person as Tamilvanan. The gang had some beer in the room.
At 4am of 16 April Venkatesan said that he would go with Mani to collect the
pick-up truck while Ravichandran and Chandran wait at a nearby bus-stop. The
four of them drove to Maniam’s house in the pick-up truck. They stopped a
short distance from the house, near a telephone booth. Venkatesan told them
"Try to finish him off by today"; to which Chandran replied, "Yes, we will
finish him by today". Venkatesan then left in a taxi while the other three
drove on in their truck to see if Maniam’s car was still there. Having done
that, they returned to the original spot and waited. A short while later, they
moved the truck nearer to Maniam’s house. Chandran told Ravichandran that he
was getting out to wait for Maniam and when he sees him he would signal to
Ravichandran. On that signal Ravichandran was to bring an iron pipe, hitherto
hidden under the seat in the truck, to Chandran. However, when Chandran
eventually signaled him, Ravichandran became too frightened to carry out the
task as instructed. Instead, he took the iron pipe and walked away from
Maniam. Consequently, that morning’s mission was aborted.

12\. The party drove to a nearby park where Chandran hid the "_aruval_ ". He
then telephoned Venkatesan to tell him that the plan to finish Maniam had
failed. He paid the driver $100, and the same amount to Ravichandran later on.
Ravichandran went to the doctor’s and did not report for work that day (Friday
16 April). He watched a matinee before returning to his room and slept through
to 17 April when he went to work. It was this day that Ravichandran pondered
over his participation in the conspiracy. He reminded himself that he was
married and was soon to be a father. He could not go through with his part in
the plan. He decided that if he was called upon again he would cheat
Venkatesan and Chandran of their money and abscond to India.

13\. On the following day, 18 April (Sunday), Ravichandran met Venkatesan and
Chandran on his way to his friend VJ Velu’s home. Venkatesan invited him to
meet Julaiha at her flat. Rajesh, the younger brother of Ravichandran was also
invited. So, at 3pm the four of them went to Julaiha’s flat (at Tah Ching
Road). They watched television and enjoyed snacks cooked by Julaiha.
Venkatesan proudly displayed his paintings to Rajesh. These paintings were
kept in Venkatesan’s room. The evidence of this was clearly and amply supplied
by Rajesh. The party ended about 7pm. The landlady Juliyah Bte Ramlee, told
the court that about 7am that day, she went with her husband and son to the
Waterfront City at Batam Island, and they were unaware that Julaiha had
received visitors in their absence. Juliyah and her family returned to the
flat the next day about 6pm. Meanwhile, still in the evening of Sunday 18
April, Ravichandran had returned to his room to rest when Venkatesan and
Chandran visited him at 11pm. Ravichandran was told to follow them to
Chandran’s room. He testified that on this occasion Venkatesan told him that
he had to "finish him [Maniam] off". He also testified that Venkatesan told
him that he was getting some number plates for the van, and Ravichandran was
to run Maniam down and kill him with the van, adding "If he still could not be
finished off, we should get off the van and assault him. He would surely die".
These instructions were repeated to Mani. Mani had since absconded and is
still at large. Ravichandran heard Venkatesan tell Mani that he had to be
strong. Mani was also instructed to change the number plates and run Maniam
down with the van. Venkatesan then left with Mani to get the number plates
while Chandran and Ravichandran went to Chandran’s room. At that time,
Chandran’s room-mate Tamilvanan was also in the room. When Venkatesan returned
he brought the gang to Maniam’s house in a taxi just to check if Maniam was
home. They saw Maniam’s car and concluded that he must be home. It was now
about 12.30am, Monday 19 April. Venkatesan then said that they should finish
him off "today". The gang of four returned to Chandran’s room to rest. They
were awakened by Venkatesan at 4 am to make preparations for the planned
assault on Maniam. On Venkatesan’s instructions Chandran handed three $1,000
notes to Ravichandran. He told Ravichandran that he had only $3,000 with him,
but after Maniam was finished off he would get some more money from Julaiha.
No mention was made as to how much more he would be paid, but Chandran assured
Ravichandran that he would get more from Julaiha. Although Ravichandran
referred to a "van", it was clear that the vehicle actually used was a blue
pick-up truck (henceforth referred to as "the truck").

14\. The four of them then traveled to Phoenix Garden in the truck, arriving
between 5.50am and 6am. When they were near Maniam’s house Venkatesan got off
and left the scene in a taxi. Ravichandran then decided to delay the act by
asking Chandran to get beer from a coffeeshop nearby. They went and had some
beer, and returned only to find that Maniam’s car was gone. They contacted
Venkatesan by telephone to tell him that the attempt failed. Excerpts from the
conversation were provided by Ravichandran and they indicated that both
Venkatesan and Ravichandran were agitated, but for obviously different
reasons. Ravichandran returned to his room (at Geylang Lorong 25) and began to
make plans to get back to India. He notified his employer by telephone. He
also sought assistance from the Ministry of Manpower for an expedited payment
of his wages from the employer.

15\. Ravichandran then met his friends Shanmugam and VJ Velu over drinks at a
coffeeshop. He confided in them that Venkatesan and Chandran wanted him to
kill someone. He said that Shanmugam advised him not to get involved in that
scheme. Through the rest of the day Ravichandran continued his preparations to
leave the country. At 12.30am (now Tuesday 20 April) Mani came looking for
Ravichandran to tell him that Venkatesan and Chandran were waiting for him at
Chandran’s room (at 38D Changi Road). They proceeded there. Tamilvanan,
Chandran’s room-mate was asleep in the room. It is not the prosecution’s case
that Tamilvanan was a participant in the conspiracy. The gang of plotters
slept until 4am when they were awakened by Venkatesan. About this time,
Ravichandran chanced upon Chandran’s wallet underneath his mattress when the
latter had gone to the toilet. He found $3,000 in it and promptly stole the
money. Venkatesan, Chandran and Ravichandran then took a taxi to Geylang
Lorong 13. Venkatesan told them that he would fetch Mani while Ravichandran
gets a change of clothes. Ravichandran pretended to walk back to his room, but
soon turned around and proceeded to "Tekka" where he took a meal. After that
he was on his way to Lorong 30 where the transport from his employer would
normally pick up the workers, but he spotted Chandran so he went to the Mass
Rapid Transport ("MRT") station instead. He took an MRT train to his workplace
at Tuas to bid farewell to his Japanese supervisor. He was given $150 and a
watch as farewell gifts by the Japanese man. Thereafter, Ravichandran went to
Shenton Way and bought a Singapore Airlines ticket for a flight back to Madras
that same day. The ticket was duly proved in court and the evidence of
Ravichandran’s flight back to India was not challenged. The post-script to
this episode was that Chandran’s mother began proceedings in the village to
reclaim the $6,000 that he had taken from Chandran. Ravichandran testified
that he was subsequently questioned by the Singapore CID police officers in
India and decided to testify in Singapore because he wanted to tell the truth
to dispel his fellow villagers’ belief that he had killed Maniam and run off
with the money.

**

Peer Mohamed And John Tan Tai Poh

**

16\. Peer Mohamed s/o Mohamad Hassan is a supervisor at a transport company.
He was introduced by his relative to Venkatesan sometime in February 1998.
From time to time, whenever he needed to find work, Venkatesan would call upon
Peer Mohamed. Peer Mohamed first met Julaiha in July 1998 when she borrowed
$2,500 from him. Sometime in March 1999 Julaiha asked him for a loan of $8,000
to $9,000. At first he said that he had no money. He relented after she cried
over the telephone and told him that she needed the money to pay her lawyers.
He then told her to give him a few days to raise the money. In the meantime,
he asked his friend John Tan Tai Poh, a property agent, to lend Julaiha
$7,500. John Tan said that he did not know her, but he would be prepared to
lend the money if Peer Mohamed accepts the loan as being made to him. Peer
agreed and arranged for John Tan to meet Julaiha on 7 April 1999. John Tan
handed two cash cheques, one for $5,000 and the other for $2,500 to Julaiha.
Evidence was adduced from the banks that the cheques were encashed. It was not
disputed by the defence that Julaiha encashed the two cheques and gave the
total sum of $7,500 to Venkatesan. It was also not disputed that Venkatesan
handed $6,000 out of this sum to Chandran.

**

Wednesday 21 April 1999 - The Day of Death

**

17\. With Ravichandran gone, the plot had to be revised. Venkatesan became
directly involved in the actual assault. Evidence of the attack was adduced
through the eye-witness accounts of three persons namely, Fairos; Aurea David,
a maid; and Geraldine Tan Poh Choo, Aurea David’s employer. These witnesses
saw the same event from different vantage points. Fairos testified that about
7am on the morning of 21 April 1999 she heard some noises outside her bedroom
window (Geraldine Tan’s house was across the road). She looked out and saw two
male Indians struggling with another man. That man was wearing a long sleeved
shirt whom she subsequently identified as Maniam, and whom she referred to
throughout her evidence as her father. One of the two assailants was taller
than the other by about a head. Both of them were wearing T-shirts and Bermuda
shorts. It then occurred to her that the man in the long-sleeved shirt might
be her father. She ran to her sister’s room where she could see where Maniam
parked his car. She thought that if the car was not there the person could not
have been her father. However, she saw that her father’s car was still there,
so she ran back to her room. By this time, she saw that her father was already
on the ground and the assailants were "kicking and stamping him".

18\. On 12 May 1999 Fairos was brought to a police identification parade in
which she identified Venkatesan as the taller attacker and Chandran as the
shorter one. She admitted that she did not have a clear look at their faces on
the day of the attack, but she was able to identify Venkatesan from the shape
and built of the attacker. She informed the police when they began their
investigations that one of the assailants was her mother’s boyfriend. She
noted, however, that the man she saw was thinner than the Venkatesan she last
saw in 1998 in court during one of the legal disputes involving Maniam,
Julaiha and Venkatesan. She testified that she was able to identify what she
regarded as a distinct slouch belonging to Venkatesan. In the same parade, she
identified Chandran by asking that he turn his back to her. She then
identified him by his distinct hair-cut (which she described to be "like a
mushroom").

19\. Aurea David, the maid at 73 Phoenix Garden testified that she noticed a
blue truck parked outside her employer’s home about 5.40am on 21 April 1999
when she started her day’s chores. She noticed that it was still there at
6.15am and 6.55am. She said that she noticed two men in the truck. At 7am she
heard a commotion outside the house. She looked out of a bedroom window and
saw a male Indian swinging a long pole at the head of another male Indian,
whose "head was covered with blood". She was stunned by what she saw and sat
on the bed silently in shock.

20\. Geraldine Tan Poh Choo, alerted by her maid Aurea David that there was a
fight outside their home, looked out of her window and saw two male Indians
running away from their front gate towards a blue pick-up truck. One was a
head taller than the other. Both were carrying an object in their hands.
Geraldine Tan said that one of the objects looked like an axe, and the other a
pole. She maintained this evidence against a strong cross-examination.

21\. The prosecution adduced forensic evidence matching the blue paint found
on the rear bumper of Maniam’s car to that of the pick-up truck GJ 1993 S used
by Mani, Venkatesan and Chandran in the attack. The broken plastic pieces
found on the ground near Maniam’s car also physically matched the broken
plastic cover of the front right signal light of the truck. Sarveshvaran
Ratnasamy the owner of the truck testified that he had loaned the truck to
Chandran and Mani at the material time.

**

Chandran’s _Voir Dire_

**

22\. The prosecution sought to admit four statements made by Chandran on 28
April 1999; one on 30 April 1999, one on 13 May 1999; and one on 21 May 1999.
The first of the four 28 April statements was recorded by S/Sgt Guruthevan at
6.40 am and completed at 7.20 am at room #03-11, Criminal Investigation
Department ("CID"). The second was the cautioned statement recorded under s
122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code ("CPC"). The last two were recorded at
the scene of the crime. Theses statements were challenged by Chandran on the
ground that they were not voluntary statements. The basis for his challenge is
as follows.

23\. Chandran and his room-mate, Tamilvanan, were asleep in their rented room
at Changi Road when they were awakened in the early hours of the morning on 28
April 1999. The police evidence that the raid was conducted about 5.30 am is
not disputed. The two men were handcuffed and led down the stairs and put in
separate police vans in which they were driven to the CID. Chandran was the
lone captive in his van. Four other persons, including Tamilvanan, were taken
in another van. None of the others were charged with Maniam’s murder. Chandran
testified that when he was escorted down the stairs of his rented room by
S/Sgt Guruthevan, Tamilvanan was similarly escorted by other officers just
behind him. The other three arrested persons were still upstairs in another
room. He was placed in a police van with S/Sgt Guruthevan and Sgt Suresh
Muthusamy. SI Zainal Abidin was seated in the front passenger seat and S/Sgt
Low Meng Tee was driving the van. Chandran was questioned by S/Sgt Guruthevan
in the van and was there abused with vulgarities and kicked in the groin by
S/Sgt Guruthevan. Shortly after, he heard S/Sgt Guruthevan instructing S/Sgt
Low to go to the Kallang Stadium. He was then taken to a place which he
neither knew nor recognize except to say that it looked like a park. There he
was asked to alight and told to run by S/Sgt Guruthevan. He did not. He was
then kicked in the back, and had his face pressed downwards while S/Sgt Suresh
kneed him in the abdomen. They stopped a few moments later when SI Zainal
Abidin told them, "Let’s go office" (sic). In the van S/Sgt Guruthevan
continued abusing Chandran with vulgarities.

24\. Chandran further testified that at a corridor on the third floor of the
CID building he was surrounded by three Chinese officers, two of whom he
identified as Insp Lim Song Chai and S/Sgt Saw Chong Teck. These officers
kicked him. S/Sgt Guruthevan then asked him whether he wants to talk. At this
point SI Zainal Abidin took out a photograph from the wallet seized from
Chandran by S/Sgt Guruthevan. One of the Chinese officers exclaimed, "That’s
Maniam’s photo!" Then he was again assaulted by the officers so badly that he
could not stand. He was once again pressed down and kicked. His will thus
broken, he agreed to talk. A statement was recorded from him by S/Sgt
Guruthevan with no one else present. After recording the statement, S/Sgt
Guruthevan then warned Chandran not to change the statement, telling him, "You
know what will happen if you change the statement".

25\. The above account was repudiated by the police officers. This is their
version. They raided 38-D Changi Road based on information that one of the
accomplices in Maniam’s murder named Chandran can be found there. Chandran was
arrested in his room with Tamilvanan. When they realised that they had caught
their man (Chandran), they brought Tamilvanan down to the van while S/Sgt
Guruthevan and SI Zainal Abidin searched the room. They recovered Chandran’s
wallet under a mattress. The wallet was handed to Chandran. After that he was
handcuffed and escorted downstairs. However, as they approached the stairs
Chandran shrugged his shoulders, a move interpreted by S/Sgt Guruthevan as an
escape attempt. He was physically subdued by S/Sgt Guruthevan and SI Zainal
Abidin. This escape attempt was described by SI Zainal Abidin’s arrest report
as a "violent resistance" to arrest, although from the oral evidence of the
officers it appears that there was hardly any violence. The officers say that
the van carrying Chandran was the first to leave Changi Road and the first to
return to the CID. They denied stopping _en route_. The journey to CID was
quiet and uneventful.

26\. The incontrovertible evidence was that although Chandran told Dr Ng Wai
Chong that he was assaulted on his chest, abdomen, and back, no visible marks
or signs of assault were found on examination. Dr Ng reported, however, that
there was tenderness at the upper left chest and right loin (back) region. I
think that it is fair to say that an absence of signs of physical injury does
not necessarily mean that no assault had taken place. The burden of proof is
not on the accused. It is on the prosecution to prove beyond reasonable doubt
that the statement were given without threat, inducement, or promise.

27\. The other main issue concerned the extra five kilometres travelled by the
van that took Chandran to the CID. The point was whether this arose from the
detour to "Kallang Stadium" or the park as Chandran described, or as the
result of the longer route taken by S/Sgt Low Meng Tee who drove the van. This
point was clarified to some extent subsequently when the police adduced
evidence of a test drive replicating the route taken by S/Sgt Low and the
result shows an extra five kilometres. However, a short detour from Changi to
Kallang Stadium may be less than one kilometre, and that may not be obvious
from the subsequent exercise of tracing the route. Thus in assessing the
evidence, this has to be borne in mind.

28\. I think that Chandran was probably not assaulted by the officers, but as
I have said, that is not the test. On the evidence, I would give him the
benefit of the doubt. However, taking the nature and circumstances of the
alleged assault as well as the physical make-up and character of Chandran into
consideration, I was of the view that even if he was so assaulted, the episode
should have no further impact on his body, mind and will beyond 30 April 1999.
I therefore admitted those statements he made to the police after that date.
The statements made on 28 and 30 April 1999 were accordingly rejected. The
following statements were admitted and marked as follows: P162 (a s121 CPC
statement made on 13 May 1999); P163; P165; P165A; P165B; and P165C
(statements made at various places). I shall revert to the contents of these
statements shortly.

**

Events After 21 April 1999

**

29\. Tamilvanan (Chandran’s room-mate at 38 D Changi Road) testified that in
the evening of 21 April Venkatesan came looking for Chandran who said to him,
"Well, the problem was over". He also heard Chandran asking Venkatesan for
money, but Venkatesan said that Julaiha would give them the money in two days’
time. Tamilvanan also testified that Venkatesan went to his room again the
next day. Chandran again asked for money and this time Venkatesan said that it
would take another four or five days to get it. During these two days Chandran
continued sleeping in the same room. He also told Tamilvanan that he intended
to go back to India as soon as possible and was looking for money from friends
for that purpose. Venkatesan and Julaiha were arrested on 24 April 1999 and
subsequently, on 28 April 1999, Chandran was arrested together with Tamilvanan
in their rented room. The latter was subsequently released.

30\. Juliyah Bte Ramlee, Venkatesan and Julaiha’s landlady testified that
about noon on 22 April 1999 Julaiha was talking to someone over the telephone.
She subsequently told Juliyah that she was talking to her lawyer. When she
came out of her room she told Juliyah that the CID may be looking for her
(Julaiha), and also for Juliyah as she was the landlady. She told Juliyah that
if she was asked, she should tell the CID that Venkatesan and herself
(Julaiha) were having breakfast together on the morning of 21 April 1999.
Juliyah told her that if they did not do anything there was no need to lie.
However, Julaiha said that Venkatesan was a good person and that if they
helped him, one day he might help them in return. She then followed Juliyah
around the flat pleading with her to lie to the CID. Juliyah finally agreed,
and Julaiha thanked her "many many times" and told her that she was going to
see her lawyer. She told Juliyah that since her husband was dead she wanted to
ask her lawyer whether she would be getting the house.

31\. On 23 April 1999 Muhamad Rafi and one Loganathan Pavadaisamy visited
Venkatesan and Julaiha at the flat. Juliyah testified that she let in Muhamad
Rafi, but she does not know if anyone else was in the flat that day.
Pavadaisamy is a cousin of Venkatesan. Venkatesan called him on 22 April to
say that he was returning to India and wanted Pavadaisamy to be his attorney
under a power of attorney to take care of his affairs here when he is back in
India. Pavadaisamy accompanied Venkatesan to his lawyer’s office in the
morning of 23 April where a power of attorney was executed by Venkatesan.
Muhamad Rafi joined them at Julaiha’s flat subsequently. Julaiha told
Pavadaisamy that she intended to send Venkatesan to India and asked him to
help by contributing $2,000. Pavadaisamy said that he did not have the money.
Muhamad Rafi then said to him "If you have the money, help. Give the money."
Muhamad Rafi also told him that if he (Pavadaisamy) lent the money, he
(Muhamad Rafi) would repay him. Muhamad Rafi corroborated this evidence. He
works as an office attendant at Price Waterhouse Coopers, earning $1,000 a
month. He was a self-confessed rejected suitor of Julaiha, but was obviously
still fond of her. He stopped courting her after Maniam started seeing her.
However, in September 1998 he met her by chance and she told him her long and
woeful tale about Maniam and her daughters. He thus took pity on her and gave
her provisions and small sums of money from time to time. In February 1999
Julaiha asked him for a loan of $5,000. He did not have the money.
Nonetheless, he took a loan of $3,000 from his insurers and added $1,000 of
his savings to lend her $4,000. On 22 April 1999 Julaiha called him and asked
that he meet her at her lawyer’s office at Maxwell Road. He met her at 6.30pm
after his work. There he gave her $100 as she had no money.

32\. Mohamad Rafi left Julaiha’s flat together with Pavadaisamy at 10.30pm on
23 April. Pavadaisamy also testified that when they were at the flat
Venkatesan read the report of Maniam’s murder from the Tamil newspapers.
Julaiha took the papers from Venkatesan and after reading them, commented that
her daughters had given the wrong story to the press and she would give them
her version the next day. Pavadaisamy then asked her whether she was sad. She
told him that she was not, and on the contrary, she was happy. Pavadaisamy
quoted Julaiha’s words, "After this there will be no problem. The house will
come to me". Julaiha’s version of her reply in this conversation was, "Do you
think I’m happy?" I shall set out my findings shortly, but I should say at
this point that I find Pavadaisamy’s evidence to be more truthful.

33\. On 24 April Muhamad Rafi called at Venkatesan’s lawyer’s office because
Venkatesan wanted to give a power of attorney to him. Venkatesan and Muhamad
Rafi were arrested at the lawyer’s office, and subsequently, Muhamad Rafi led
the police to Juliyah’s flat where Julaiha was arrested.

**

The Question Of Motive

**

34\. There is no requirement that the prosecution must establish a motive in
order to succeed in proving murder because the law recognizes the difficulty
of extracting that which lay in the deepest and most inaccessible recesses of
the human mind. But, motives and intention can sometimes be inferred from
words and conduct. The presence of a motive strengthens the overall case of
the prosecution, and by the same token, an absence of motive serves as a
warning to approach the evidence with added caution. Thus, motive is not
relevant to the charge, but is relevant to the case.

35\. In this instance, the prosecution adduced evidence that Julaiha was
deeply concerned of being deprived of her house. The seed of her insecurity
germinated from the time the Jalan Jurong Kechil was purchased. It grew
although 86 Phoenix Garden was purchased with her as a joint owner. The
evidence shows that Julaiha believed herself to be entitled to at least a half
share of the house, but when she commenced civil proceedings in the High Court
(OS 5199 of 1997, later re-titled OS 627 of 1998) she stated a claim for 80%.
However, the court order made in November 1998 gave her only 20% of it. The
prosecution also called a lawyer, John Abraham, to testify that as far back as
March 1996 Julaiha was already fighting with Maniam for at least a half share
in the house. She then rejected Maniam’s offer to give her a 40% share of the
house. In the course of his evidence, he recounted that just before Julaiha
stormed out of his office she said to him in the Malay language, the words, "I
will wait till he dies. When he dies, I will get all". Julaiha’s desire for a
large share of the house is also evident from the testimonies of Fairos and
Sairah in which they described Julaiha’s unhappiness over the purchase of
their previous house at Jalan Jurong Kechil in Maniam’s sole name. Juliyah,
Julaiha’s landlady, also testified that Julaiha told her that 86 Phoenix
Garden was her house and that she wanted to get it back. She told Juliyah that
when she does she would sell it and return to India. All this evidence,
together with the evidence that Julaiha was getting increasingly impecunious
after she left Maniam, and had to borrow money from time to time, inspired the
learned Deputy Public Prosecutor, Mr Anandan, to submit that Julaiha had a
strong motive in seeing to it that Maniam dies because it was her belief that
when he does 86 Phoenix Garden will rightfully revert to her.

36\. At the close of the prosecution case counsel for all three accused
declined to make any submission. I called upon their defence as I was
satisfied that a _prima facie_ case has been made out. All three elected to
give evidence.

**

The Defence Of Venkatesan And Chandran

**

37\. Venkatesan and Chandran put up a common defence. The first part of their
defence denies any conspiracy with Julaiha to murder Maniam. The second part
of their defence accepts that they were present at the time Maniam was killed,
but it was Mani, the missing third man, who killed Maniam. Their defence was
that neither of them intended to assault Maniam and did not inflict any blow
on him. Their defence was simply that Mani acted on his own.

38\. The reason why they went to seek Maniam on 21 April 1999 was narrated as
follows. Venkatesan’s father was ill in India, and he (Venkatesan) was in need
of money because his family was heavily in debt. Consequent upon Maniam’s
conviction on a charge of assault, Venkatesan instituted civil proceedings
claiming damages against him. Venkatesan was anxious to recover payment and
therefore enlisted the aid of his friend Chandran. Chandran introduced someone
he knew who might act as a mediator to negotiate a settlement for Maniam. This
person was a man called Selvam. He was an Indian national who worked as an
assistant to Chandran when he was working as a pipe fitter. Selvam introduced
them to a person known only by the nickname of Meesai. Meesai wanted to be
paid $10,000 to do the job and so Venkatesan lost interest in using him. A
person by the name of Mani overheard their conversation and he offered to
help. He brought them to meet someone else, but that person wanted to be paid
half of whatever sum Maniam were to pay Venkatesan.

39\. Finally, they enlisted Ravichandran who was prepared to help. Mani, it
appears, lingered on to assist by being the driver for them. Ravichandran was
to talk to Maniam and ask for payment, but instead, according to Venkatesan
and Chandran, he (Ravichandran) stole $6,000 from Chandran and fled the
country. Venkatesan, Chandran, and Mani decided that they could not rely on
others and would do the job themselves. The original plan, according to
Venkatesan, was to have Ravichandran speak to Maniam while Chandran added
support by saying a few good words on Venkatesan’s behalf. In the absence of
Ravichandran, Chandran was designated the main negotiator and Mani the driver
became the supporting spokesman.

40\. The common evidence of Venkatesan and Chandran was that on 21 April 1999
the trio arrived at Phoenix Garden shortly after 5.30am in the truck GJ 1993 S
driven by Mani. They parked near a tree and Venkatesan took over the driver’s
seat. They spotted Maniam leaving his house about 7am whereupon Venkatesan
told the other two that he will drive closer to Maniam. He stopped just behind
Maniam’s parked car and Chandran got out, followed by Mani. Chandran testified
that when he approached Maniam he said to him, "Sir, are you Maniam?"; to
which he received the curt and rude reply, "Yes, so what?". Apparently
unruffled, Chandran proceeded to say his piece, "Venkatesan’s father is sick
in India and he would like to go to India to see him. Give him some money
which he claimed from you and send him off." Maniam’s response was to abuse
Chandran with vulgarities. Chandran alleged that Maniam said, "You _pundeh_
from India. What do you think you are? I will pay you if you will get your
mother and his mother to sleep with me!" He then threw a bunch of keys and
some newspapers at Chandran, saying at the same time, "See what I am going to
do to you." Maniam then turned and ran. Chandran claimed that he did not know
why Maniam ran, but as soon as he saw Maniam running he "walked quickly"
behind him while Mani came from the opposite direction and pushed Maniam to
the ground. Mani then hit Maniam two or three times with something that looked
like a piece of wood. All this while, Chandran was exhorting Mani to stop
beating Maniam. Then, in fright, he ran back to the front passenger seat of
the truck, calling out to Mani, "Get on to the vehicle!" Venkatesan started
the vehicle and Mani got on the back of the truck as the vehicle was moving
off. Venkatesan stopped the truck just a short distance away, at a bend of the
road, and asked Mani to take over the driver’s wheel. Venkatesan finally got
off at Choa Chu Kang Road and told the other two to go off by themselves. This
was the two male accused persons’ short and simple account of what happened at
Phoenix Garden on the morning of 21 April.

41\. In response to the evidence of the $6,000 from Julaiha which Venkatesan
took and handed to Chandran, Venkatesan said that he gave the money to
Chandran for safekeeping as it was his intention to send the money to his
family in India. Although Chandran testified that he had given $3,000 of that
sum to Ravichandran, Venkatesan was not perturbed because as far as he was
concerned, Chandran was answerable for the full amount to him. I find
Venkatesan’s evidence on this point to be utterly unconvincing.

42\. Venkatesan steadfastly denied any amorous relationship between Julaiha
and himself. He denied that Ravichandran and Rajesh had met Julaiha, a stand
supported by Julaiha and Chandran in their own testimonies. Both men also
disputed Ravichandran’s evidence that they made a trip to Phoenix Garden on 16
April with the view of killing Maniam that day. Ravichandran’s evidence was
that he deliberately walked away with the iron pipe instead of handing it to
Chandran. The two male accused do not challenge Ravichandran’s evidence that
they went to Maniam’s house late in the evening of 15 April, but they disputed
Ravichandran’s stated reason for being there. Chandran said that it was
Ravichandran who was anxious to go and talk to Maniam and suggested that they
do it that night. Venkatesan was against the idea because it was late and
Maniam might accuse them of trying to rob him. Instead, he said he would bring
them there to see the place; so they went in a taxi for that purpose.
Venkatesan pointed out Maniam’s house and the spot where he normally parked
his car.

43\. Chandran said that the next time Venkatesan and he met Ravichandran was
Sunday, 18 April. Ravichandran’s brother Rajesh joined them, and they spent
the afternoon at the Little India Arcade having drinks and enjoying
themselves. They disputed Ravichandran and Rajesh’s evidence that they spent
the afternoon at Julaiha’s flat.

**

Defence of Julaiha

**

44\. Julaiha’s defence is an outright denial. She denies that she had any
motive to kill Maniam. She denies that she met Ravichandran or his brother
Rajesh; she denies any adulterous relationship with Venkatesan; She denies
that she had conspired with anyone to kill Maniam; she denies that she had
raised money to pay Ravichandran, Chandran, and Mani; she denies that she
tried to set up an alibi defence for Venkatesan; and she denies that she
sought to find financial assistance to enable Venkatesan to flee the country
after the killing. Mr Selva Naidu, counsel for Julaiha, focused the thrust of
his defence on her behalf by attacking the credibility of Ravichandran as a
witness. The barrage began with a reminder that Ravichandran was a thief and a
cheat; he stole $3,000 from Chandran, and fled with another $3,000 given to
him in the belief that he would, in consideration, negotiate with Maniam for
the payment of compensation to Venkatesan. There is no basis, however, to
conclude that a thief and a cheat cannot provide reliable and truthful
evidence. Mr Selva, further, submitted that Ravichandran’s evidence is suspect
because he was an accomplice. More importantly, he submitted that
Ravichandran’s evidence is unreliable because he lied on several occasions.
Counsel suggested that Ravichandran was not honest in his explanation as to
why he had used a different name – Govin Ravi (a shortened version of
Govindasamy Ravichandran) – in his previous passport. Mr Selva also pointed
out that Ravichandran admitted in the witness box that he had lied to the
tribunal in India that he took $3,000 from Chandran when, in fact, he took
$6,000. Counsel stressed that Ravichandran testified that when he was taken to
Julaiha’s flat at Tah Ching Road he passed by a block numbered 320, but in
fact, no such block existed. Julaiha’s flat was in block 325. The other blocks
in the vicinity were numbered 321 to 330. Mr Selva also referred to
Ravichandran’s detailed account of what happened at Phoenix Garden on the
morning of 16 April 1999. In his statement during the Preliminary Inquiry,
Ravichandran said that the attack was aborted after Chandran told the waiting
gang that Maniam’s car had just driven by. In court, Ravichandran added that
after that remark they drove the truck nearer to Maniam’s house to check and
found that his car was still there. Chandran then got out of the truck and
instructed Ravichandran to take a metal rod underneath the passenger seat as
soon as he (Chandran) gave the signal. However, when Chandran eventually gave
the signal Ravichandran lost confidence and walked away from Chandran. Mr
Selva counted this additional evidence as an embellishment and a lie.

**

My Findings And Judgment

**45\. It is the high aim of a trial judge to seek the truth; but it is his
duty to find the facts. That is why a trial is conducted under a large canopy
of rules regulating evidence and procedure; to protect the court from evidence
of dubious persuasion. Thus hearsay evidence is inadmissible, not because the
truth cannot be found in it, but because such evidence is generally unreliable
and unsafe, and therefore, irrelevant. The trial judge’s duty is to consider
only that which is relevant, and then attaching the appropriate weight to it.
After which he must decide, whether on the whole, the prosecution has proved
its case beyond reasonable doubt that each accused person is guilty of the
offence with which he or she is tried. The evidence in this trial was
comprehensively adduced through sixty-nine witnesses for the prosecution and
three for the defence. The events covered a period from 1989 to May 1999. A
large portion of the evidence relates to the domestic history of Maniam and
Julaiha. There is also a large portion that covered the conspiracy and the
events that happened in the fortnight leading to the murder. Finally, there is
a substantial portion that covers the murder and its aftermath. I shall deal
first with the case against Venkatesan and Chandran. The evidence against them
comes mainly from Fairos, Geraldine Tan Poh Choo, and Aurea David. These three
witnessed an assault by two Indian men on a third. The two assailants were
armed with instruments resembling a pole and an axe respectively. One of the
assailant was about a head taller than the other; a fitting comparison of
Venkatesan and the shorter Chandran. The evidence of these three witnesses
were challenged by Mr Lee and Mr Rajarh, counsel for Venkatesan and Chandran
respectively. They argued that the evidence of these witnesses were not
identical and pointed out, for instance, that Aurea David saw only one male
person assaulting Maniam whereas Geraldine Tan saw two persons running away.
**

** 46\. In my judgment, I do not think that these discrepancies affect the
prosecution’s case. The witnesses were watching what was to them a horrible
scene, viewed from different angles, each recalling different aspects of a
quick and traumatic event. Fairos’s identification of Venkatesan and Chandran
at the police identification parade was attacked by counsel as being
unreliable. The incontrovertible facts are that Fairos gave Venkatesan’s
identity to the police even before he was arrested, and both men accept that
they were present at Phoenix Park at the material time. It is to their story
as to why they were there that I now turn.**

** 47\. Venkatesan and Chandran say that they went to Phoenix Garden in the
early morning of 21 April 1999 only with the view of talking to Maniam and
persuading him to pay compensation to Venkatesan. They had originally engaged
Ravichandran to be the chief negotiator, backed by Chandran and Mani. When
Ravichandran absconded with their money Chandran took over his place,
supported only by Mani. Chandran barely managed to introduce himself when
Maniam began to abuse him, and without warning or reason, Mani, the hitherto
bit-part player, began to assume a role of vast significance. He attacked
Maniam with a weapon which Chandran did not know he had carried, nor where it
was taken from. Chandran pleaded in vain with Mani to stop the assault.

48\. This account fails to persuade me that it could possibly be true. I do
not believe that Mani, a stranger just two weeks previously, went berserk and
attacked Maniam on his own accord. I am inclined to the view that the
circumstances at the time were such that the prevailing mood was hardly
conducive to any amicable settlement, and certainly not one that was to be
carried according to Venkatesan’s terms. Further, on his own evidence
(supported by Chandran and Ravichandran) he was afraid that the very sight of
him might invoke a hostile reaction by Maniam. That was why he did not present
himself in the early attempts to catch Maniam. He became directly involved, in
my view, by necessity when his main hired killer backed out. It is an obvious
paradox that Venkatesan who was afraid to show his face to Maniam then became
(on his own evidence) the driver of the truck who daringly drove right up to
Maniam. It is also convenient at this point to consider the forensic evidence
that the broken plastic found at the scene indicated that the truck hit
Maniam’s car in a front-to-rear collision. I find that this is consistent with
Mr Anandan’s submission that Maniam dashed his truck against Maniam’s car to
prevent the latter from escaping. Venkatesan gave no explanation of this
account during his evidence-in-chief, nor was he able to give a clear account
under cross-examination.

49\. I accept that all the persons who featured in Venkatesan’s plan were men
with low education, especially the two male accused, but from the way they
gave their evidence, I do not think that they were men of low intelligence. I
do not believe that they had made a far more elaborate plan identifying Maniam
and making sure that they catch him before he gets to work, than they did in
planning the substance of the negotiation. Indeed, their evidence disclosed no
plan whatsoever in this regard Chandran testified that all he would say to
Maniam was that "Venkatesan’s father is ill in India, please pay him some
money and send him on his way". There was no discussion as to how much
compensation they should ask for, or what should be a minimum acceptable sum.
I am of the view that their story was a convenient lie to conceal the real
purpose, which was to ambush Maniam and kill him. The intention to kill is
manifested in the brutality of the assault itself and also by the evidence of
Ravichandran. It is inevitable that Ravichandran’s evidence and his veracity
must be compared with that of the accused persons. I now come to this aspect.

50\. Reason and logic are by no means a complete and accurate device for
assessing the veracity of a witness or the truthfulness of his story. In
evaluating this element of the evidence, a judge should pay attention to the
way the witness gave his evidence, and while taking that into account, not
allow himself to be misled by any innocuous quirk or mannerism of the witness.
In this case, I find that Ravichandran spoke with the assuredness that comes
only from a person who has been where he said he has been, and done what he
said he has done. His tale was detailed and complete. Wherever corroboration
was possible evidence was called. Thus, when he said that after the first
aborted attempt he visited a doctor at Boon Lay but was not given a medical
certificate, evidence was adduced from the doctor and his clinic staff to
verify that part of his evidence. Even the manager of the cinema at Sultan
Plaza testified that during the material time in mid-April 1999 his cinema was
indeed screening the film,_Padaiappa_. When he referred to things said in the
presence of Chandran’s room-mate Tamilvanan, Tamilvanan corroborated that
evidence. His evidence of the visit to Julaiha’s rented abode on Sunday, 18
April, was supported by Rajesh. I have no difficulty finding Tamilvanan,
notwithstanding his mild speech defect, and Rajesh, to be forthright and
truthful witnesses.

51\. This is a convenient juncture for me to say that I find that all the
independent prosecution witnesses, varied as they are in their background and
roles, to be forthright, accurate, and truthful. I hold this regard for Fairos
and Sairah as well, even though counsel for the defence criticized their
evidence at length. Minor inconsistencies in recollection are unavoidable by
dint of the fallibility of the human mind. Inconsistencies become significant
only when they are sufficient to affect a finding of fact by the court. These
two witnesses (Sairah and Fairos) gave their evidence very much like
Ravichandran. They were firm; they were clear; and they were courageous. They
do not have the fondness, attachment or loyalty that one may fairly expect
daughters to have for their mother, but I believe that they were honest in
their evidence. The substance of their evidence is not pleasant so far as they
relate to Julaiha and Venkatesan, but I do not detect any trace of vengeance
or ill-will in their testimonies. It is also important to keep in mind that
the most damning part of Fairos’s evidence was against Venkatesan and
Chandran. The damning evidence against Julaiha came from Ravichandran. The
evidence of Fairos and Sairah relating to Julaiha and Venkatesan were relevant
only in their confirmation of the bitterness and hatred that Julaiha and
Venkatesan had for Maniam, but that was plain to see (even without Fairos’s
and Sairah’s testimonies) from the documented evidence of all the court
proceedings that they fought, and were still fighting up to the day Maniam was
killed. So far as Venkatesan and Chandran were concerned, Fairos had a good
view of them participating in the assault.

52\. There are two other matters I had to consider in respect of the defence
of Venkatesan and Chandran. The first concerns the undisputed evidence that a
cut-out photograph of Maniam was found in Chandran’s wallet when he was
arrested. Found together with that photograph was a piece of paper with the
registration numbers of Maniam’s cars and motor-cycle. Chandran explained that
the photograph was shown to Meesai, and subsequently handed to Chandran for
safekeeping. No plausible explanation was given to account for the paper with
Maniam’s car and motor-cycle numbers. Chandran only said that he found it in
his wallet but did not know how it got there. Venkatesan said that he recorded
the vehicle numbers some time ago when he thought that Maniam was stalking him
after a court hearing; but this does not explain why he should give that paper
to Chandran. I do not accept the accounts of the two male accused concerning
the photograph and the vehicle numbers. Neither do I accept Julaiha’s
supporting evidence that when Venkatesan asked her for a photograph of Maniam
she pointed to her drawer and asked him to help himself, and to replace the
photograph in her drawer after he was done with it. She claimed that she did
not know whether he had put the photograph back. In my view, the photograph
and vehicle numbers were given to Chandran for the purpose of identifying
Maniam for the kill.

53\. The second matter relates to Chandran’s statements to the police that had
been admitted after the _voir dire_. The main statement (P162) is a
continuation of a statement recorded on an earlier date. A court that is asked
to consider part of a statement without the benefit of what has been said
previously must do so with extreme caution. In this case, I do not have the
benefit of the statements recorded earlier to which references have been made
in this statement. Furthermore, some of the incriminating parts of this
statement are inconsistent with the evidence of the eye-witnesses. They are
also inconsistent with his evidence in court. The other statements were short
statements concerning the places where the alleged murder weapons were taken
and subsequently discarded. No weapon was found and produced in court.
Although I had admitted these statements, in the course of considering the
evidence, I am left with some doubt as to the reliability of the said
statements. I am, therefore, of the view that the statements should not be
given any weight.

54\. On the totality of the evidence, I am satisfied that the prosecution has
proved its case beyond reasonable doubt that Venkatesan and Chandran had gone
to Phoenix Garden on 21 April 1999 with the common intention of killing
Maniam. I find that both accused inflicted injuries on Maniam, but it is not
necessary, under the law of common intention, for me to ascribe the fatal blow
or blows to either of them. Indeed, under the law, so long as they shared the
common intention to kill, they would be guilty of murder. I do not accept the
evidence that it was Mani alone who attacked Maniam. I also find that the
blows that landed on Maniam were delivered with the intention of causing
death. For completeness, I should record my finding that it is clear from the
evidence of the pathologist, whose evidence I accept, that the wounds
inflicted on Maniam would in the ordinary course of nature result in death.
Each of these three grounds in itself would be sufficient to return a verdict
of murder. Thus, Venkatesan and Chandran have committed the murder of Maniam
three times over. Nothing that they have said in their defence had raised any
reasonable doubt in my mind in respect of the prosecution’s case. Even the
accused persons’ description of the events on the morning of 21 April vividly
fits the picture of an ambush. I do not believe that the procedure they had
adopted was for the purpose of carrying on a negotiation with Maniam.

55\. The case against Julaiha is different. She was not a direct participant
at the scene of death. The prosecution’s case is that she was an abettor. It’s
case against her is founded principally on the testimony of Ravichandran. I
need not repeat his evidence save to say that he had unequivocally said that
Julaiha told him in the presence of Venkatesan and Chandran on 15 April 1999
to "finish off that man (Maniam)". Ravichandran was asked by the learned DPP
what he understood by the words "finish him off" and he answered firmly,
twice, that he understood the words to mean "murder him". In a subsequent part
of his testimony, he also said that when Venkatesan spoke to him earlier at an
open ground near the Sivan Temple, he too used the words "finish off that
man". Similarly, Ravichandran had no difficulty in understanding the words to
mean ‘murder’. This part of his evidence was not discredited in any way during
his cross-examination.

56\. I accept Ravichandran’s evidence and am satisfied that he had not
misheard Julaiha, nor was there any miscommunication as to Julaiha’s
intention. I cannot come to any other conclusion than that the words conveyed
the meaning as understood by Ravichandran. Some other aspects of the
conversation with Julaiha that day are also important in understanding the
text and context of her instructions. According to Ravichandran, Julaiha
sought to allay his misgivings about the proposed deed by telling him not to
worry and that she would pay him however much he wanted, adding further that
if he finishes off Maniam "I would get the house. I will sell the house and we
can all go to India".

57\. It is not the law that no one may be condemned to death solely on the
testimony of a lone witness, but the inherent danger of such reliance is
obvious. Capital punishment is the supreme penalty; it is not amenable to
abrogation or compensation once the condemned is executed. In such cases,
therefore, the court ought to remind itself that it must be fully satisfied
with that evidence. In this instant, for the reasons that I have cited above,
I am satisfied that Ravichandran spoke the truth. Julaiha denied that she had
conspired with anyone to kill Maniam. In order to emphasize her point, she
said that even up to the day Maniam died she still harboured the hope of a
reconciliation with him. However, I find that the evidence was overwhelmingly
stacked against her having such thought. It was necessary and crucial from her
position, to deny meeting Ravichandran on the two occasions that he said he
met her. The denial of the Sunday meeting at her rented flat must be examined
more closely. Implicit in the denial that this visit had taken place is an
allegation that Ravichandran lied. Julaiha rented a room from Juliyah bte
Ramlee and her husband. This couple stayed in the master bedroom of the same
flat (and there is evidence that they preferred Julaiha not to bring guests
into the flat). Ravichandran had no means of knowing that on Sunday 18 April
1999 Juliyah and her husband would be going to Indonesia. He would have taken
an unnecessary risk of having such a disingenuous lie being unraveled by
Juliyah. Even if Ravichandran did not know that Julaiha rented a room in a
shared flat, he would have no idea whatsoever as to who else might be in the
flat who might contradict his story. Ravichandran and Rajesh had no difficulty
identifying the rooms in the flat from the photographs. Furthermore, this
visit is of no significance to the charges against the accused since nothing
sinister occurred there that day and I can see no reason why Ravichandran
would conjure it to embellish his evidence, or Rajesh to corroborate it.
Rajesh’s corroboration is significant. He said that he watched SUN TV when he
was in Julaiha’s flat. The owner, Mohamad Tumpang (Juliyah’s husband)
testified that this was a cable channel which he had subscribed to. I do not
believe that Rajesh would recklessly assume that the flat had a television
set, let alone a subscription to SUN TV.

58\. The charge against Julaiha is that of the abetment of murder by
conspiracy. By this charge it is not envisaged that she should have been
present at the scene of the murder and participated in the slaughter of
Maniam. If conspiracy is proved it would be as if her hand was there, adding
weight to the force of every blow that fell him. The evidence that I have
reviewed draws me to conclude that sometime in April 1999 Julaiha participated
in a conspiracy with Venkatesan and Chandran to kill Maniam. The evidence
suggests that there must have been other discussions each amounting to a
criminal conspiracy sufficient to meet the charge, but the prosecution has
sufficiently proved the conspiracy that took place at the void deck of
Juliyah’s flat in the early hours of 15 April 1999 when Ravichandran was
brought by Venkatesan and Chandran to meet Julaiha and receive her exhortation
to finish Maniam.

59\. In coming to the findings as I do, I have taken into account the lengthy
and varied evidence of the history relating to the strain and break-up of the
relationship between Maniam and Julaiha. I weighed this aspect of the evidence
against the testimony of Julaiha and her account of the disputes as well as
her desire to reconcile with Maniam. I place no great weight to all the
instances of threats by Julaiha against Maniam that are too remote in time
such as that made in the office of the lawyer John Abraham or when she went to
collect her belongings from 86 Phoenix Garden in October 1996. A wish list in
1996 should not be construed as a purchase order in 1999. However, more recent
utterances cannot be ignored. I, therefore, think that Julaiha’s declaration
to Juliyah (that 86 Phoenix Garden was hers and that she wanted to get it
back, sell it, and return to India) to be significant. First, this was said to
Juliyah after the middle of March 1999, and reasonably close to the day of
Maniam’s murder. Secondly, it corroborates the point made by Ravichandran that
she had said the same thing to him. Thirdly, it forms part of the big picture
showing her obsession with getting the house. It adds to the evidence of her
attempt to get the house through the courts, and her statement to Juliyah the
day after Maniam died, that she was going to see her lawyer in the afternoon
to see if she could get the house now that Maniam was dead.

60\. Finally, Mr Anandan submitted that Julaiha’s evidence in court ought to
be impeached by her prior inconsistent statements made to the police. Under
cross-examination by the learned DPP Julaiha said that on 21 April 1999 she
did not enter Venkatesan’s room and did not know if he was there during the
time when Maniam was killed. She asserted her position more deeply by saying
that she never enters his room when he is sleeping. However, in her statements
to the police which she accepts as voluntary statements, she said: "On 21
April 1999 (Wednesday) at about 5.30 am, I woke up. I went to pray again in
the room. At about 6.00 am, I finished my prayer and went to sweep the floor.
I swept Venkatesan’s room. I opened the door of his room. I woke him up to do
his painting. I do not know whether he woke up or not." In court, she first
said that she held onto the handle of the door without opening it. Upon
further cross-examination, she said that she said that she swept just a small
portion of Venkatesan’s room by opening the door slightly. Furthermore,
contrary to her evidence in court that she never enters Venkatesan’s room when
he is asleep, her statement to the police stated that on 20 April 1999 (the
day before the murder) she was sweeping the floor of the entire house
including Venkatesan’s room when he was then asleep.

61\. There is another inconsistency. She was referred by Mr Anandan, during
her cross-examination, to a promissory note of $50,000 she made in favour of
Venkatesan. This promissory note was made on 29 May 1998, and payable on 29
May 1999. She said that this note was meant to deceive Venkatesan’s creditors
in India into believing that he had money coming to him. It was not really
meant to be paid. However, in her police statement she said that "since I
promised Venkatesan that I would give him $50,000, I might sell away my India
property to pay him". I found that there were discrepancies between her
statements to the police and her evidence in court, and permitted Mr. Anandan
to cross-examine her on them. I have taken these into account, as part of the
evidence overall, when deciding whether or not her evidence has raised a
reasonable doubt in my mind.

**

Conclusion

**

62\. On the findings that I have made and the reasons set out above, I am
satisfied that the prosecution has proved its case against all three accused
persons beyond reasonable doubt. Accordingly, I find all three accused guilty
as charged, and sentence them to suffer death.

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Mar 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

