Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Subbiah Pillai v Wong Meng Meng and Others  
[2000] SGHC 212

Case Number | : | OS 1172/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 October 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Cheong Yuen Hee and Subbiah Pillai (Pillai & Pillai) for the plaintiff; CR Rajah SC and Chew Kei-Jin (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Subbiah Pillai — Wong Meng Meng   
  
Administrative Law – Natural justice – Whether rules of natural justice
breached in conduct of proceedings – Whether interview of complainant must be
conducted in plaintiff's presence – Whether refusal to grant extension of time
for filing of submissions unreasonable  
  
Legal Profession – Disciplinary procedures – Inquiry Committee – Interview of
witnesses – Disclosure to person under investigation – Procedure  
  
Legal Profession – Disciplinary procedures – Inquiry Committee – Inquiry into
complaints – Reasonable notice – s 86(8) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161)  
  

: This was an application by Subbiah Pillai, an advocate and solicitor, to
nullify the proceedings of the Law Society`s Inquiry Committee No 45 of 1999.
The defendants are members of the Inquiry Committee. Mr Pillai alleged that
the rules of natural justice were not observed in the conduct of the
proceedings. The proceedings commenced with a letter dated 18 November 1999
from the chairman of the Committee, Mr Wong Meng Meng, to Mr Pillai informing
him that a complaint had been lodged against him by Mr S Shanmugam and Madam S
Sudhendra in a letter dated 10 August 1999 which I shall refer to as `Mr
Shanmugam`s letter` for convenience.  
  
The complaint related to Mr Pillai`s conduct as solicitor for the complainants
in their purchase of 19 and 21 Upper Dickson Road (`the property`). It appears
from Mr Shanmugam`s letter that he (Mr Shanmugam) was unable to service the
bank loan that he had taken for the purchase of the $4.5m property. Mr Pillai
then offered to buy the property in his (Mr Pillai`s) sister`s name. His
sister was then studying the in United States of America. Mr Pillai then
informed the bank`s solicitors that his sister had paid the ten (10) per cent
deposit and it was held by his firm, Yong Koh & Pillai. Mr Shanmugam alleged
that no deposit was in fact paid by Mr Pillai`s sister (Miss Vasanthi Pillai).
He also alleged that from the completion accounts he learnt that he was made
to pay the stamp fees for Miss Vasanthi when he had not agreed to do so, and
neither did he agree to a direct debit of $12,564.80 to Yong Koh & Pillai.
There was also a complaint that Mr Pillai completed the initial purchase
before the Temporary Occupation Permit (TOP) was issued.  
  
The second part of Mr Shanmugam`s complaint was that Mr Pillai subsequently
told him that his sister would not be purchasing the property after all and,
threatening him with violence from gangsters, forced Mr Shanmugam to re-
purchase the property. Mr Shanmugam pleaded with Mr Pillai to allow his
(Shanmugam`s) brother to take over as purchaser. His brother consequently
signed three purchase agreements as purchaser and Miss Vasanthi as vendor.
These agreements were witnessed by Mr Pillai. Mr Shanmugam also suspected that
Miss Vasanthi`s signature might be forged because she was not in Singapore at
the material times.  
  
Mr Shanmugam`s complaint was written in a rambling style and was
insufficiently detailed. It was not a complete story. For example, it was not
known from this letter whether the sale of the property was eventually
completed. It was also not apparent how much he sold the property for and how
much his brother paid to purchase it from Miss Vasanthi. Nonetheless, it
carried aspersions of a sufficiently serious nature to require an explanation
from the solicitor concerned.  
  
On 2 December 1999 Mr Pillai gave his written explanation. He qualified his
explanation by saying that he had not received the file from his former firm
Yong Koh & Pillai. Mr Pillai`s position was that he was introduced to Mr
Shanmugam in early 1994 by a mutual friend. He was asked to help Mr Shanmugam
purchase the property, but he passed the matter to his partner Mr Patrick Koh
because he had never done any conveyancing work at all. He had no knowledge of
what transpired thereafter as he was not in Singapore most of that time. Mr
Pillai also asserted that it was obvious from the documentary evidence that Mr
Shanmugam was aware that a TOP was necessary.  
  
Mr Pillai stated that Mr Shanmugam had to sell the property so soon after
buying it because he had run into debt. He denied agreeing to buy the property
from Mr Shanmugam who, after that, approached Mr Pillai`s mother directly for
help. Mr Pillai`s mother then asked his sister Vasanthi to purchase the
property. He stated that his sister, being a lawyer herself, imposed certain
conditions on Mr Shanmugam. These included a `buy-back` clause. He stated that
his sister was led to believe that her mortgage payments would be met by
rentals of $25,000 a month which Mr Shanmugam would pay to her; a promise
unfulfilled. Thus, a frustrated Miss Vasanthi decided to exercise her right to
demand that Mr Shanmugam buys back the property. I have set out the nature of
the complaint in order to cast this action in its context. The merits of the
complaint are of no importance in the proceedings before me.  
  
The Inquiry Committee (the `Committee`) scheduled a meeting with Mr Pillai and
his counsel Mr Cheong Yuen Hee on 25 February 2000 at Mr Wong Meng Meng`s
office. Mr Pillai stated in his affidavit of 7 August 2000 that the
complainants (Mr Shanmugam and Madam Sudhendra) were also present and were
interviewed by the Committee for about an hour in a separate room. The
Committee then interviewed Mr Pillai (accompanied by Mr Cheong) in the
presence of Mr Shanmugam.  
  
The Committee then interviewed Miss Vasanthi and examined her passport. Mr
Pillai was questioned again after her. Mr Pillai asserted that at this meeting
on 25 February 2000 the Committee `did not touch upon any question of possible
misconduct on my part arising out of the fact that my sister had purchased the
properties from the complainants and their subsequent re-sale to Mr
Shanmugam`s brother`. A second meeting was held on 20 April 2000 at Mr Wong`s
office. The complainant and his counsel also attended this meeting. Mr Pillai
was orally asked to submit his written submission by 10 May 2000. The
complainants` counsel Mr Nathan, informed Mr Wong Meng Meng that his clients
had a complaint against Mr Pillai concerning money lending which was set out
in a handwritten letter to the Law Society dated 16 July 1999. Mr Wong told
him that he should have the letter transcribed before the Committee will
consider it.  
  
On 24 April 2000 the Committee wrote to the complainants and Mr Pillai to
submit their written submissions. In addition, it requested Mr Pillai to make
his submissions in respect of the question of a conflict of interests in
acting for the complainants and his own sister in the sale of the properties.
Mr Pillai`s counsel submitted a written submission dated 10 May 2000 to
address all the issues raised thus far, including the question of a conflict
of interests. He complained, however, that Mr Pillai felt aggrieved that
unknown to him, the complainant`s counsel had also sent a written submission
to the Committee.  
  
On 25 July 2000 the Committee held the third meeting with Mr Pillai and his
counsel at Mr Wong Meng Meng`s office. Mr Cheong submitted that the Committee
unfairly confronted Mr Pillai with documents he had never seen before. These
concerned the sale and purchase of Mr Shanmugam`s house at 30 Woodsville
Close. He was also asked to explain matters not related to Mr Shanmugam`s
original complaints. Further, Mr Wong Meng Meng took out the letter dated 16
July 1999 written by Mr Shanmugam to the Law Society complaining against Mr
Pillai. The letter was now in a type-written form as directed by Mr Wong
previously. In this complaint Mr Shanmugam alleged that Mr Pillai was
introduced to him by a Mr Leow as a money lender. He borrowed $95,000 from Mr
Pillai. It was later explained by the complainants that this loan was for the
purchase of 19 and 21 Upper Dickson Road. A signed statement from Mr Leow was
also produced. When Mr Wong realised that the Committee had inadvertently
failed to send copies of these documents to Mr Pillai, he provided them
straightaway.  
  
Mr Cheong challenged the Committee`s jurisdiction to inquire into these
matters. It is not quite clear to me what the basis of his challenge was. He
seemed to think that the matter constituted a fresh complaint and must be
properly referred to Mr Pillai as such; at the same time he also believed that
the matter could not be delved into at that stage because it had already been
considered by the Council of the Law Society and discarded. Mr Wong maintained
that the Committee had jurisdiction, but nonetheless invited Mr Cheong to
present his arguments on the question of jurisdiction by 3 August 2000. It was
made clear to Mr Pillai and Mr Cheong that they need not respond on the merits
until the jurisdiction point was settled. A further meeting was scheduled to
be held 13 days later on 7 August 2000 with the agreement of Mr Cheong and his
client. On the next day, 26 July 2000, Mr Pillai wrote to the Committee
himself asking for various particulars, including when the Committee received
Mr Shanmugam`s letter of 16 July 1999, and at the same time asked for an
extension of time for submitting his arguments. Mr Wong had, in the meantime,
left the country and Mr Pillai`s request was not considered. Instead, Mr
Wong`s secretary wrote to say that Mr Wong will attend to it when he returns
in a week`s time. Mr Wong subsequently wrote to Mr Pillai by letter dated 1
August 2000 setting out his recollection of what transpired at his office on
25 July 2000. A further meeting with the Committee was fixed for 7 August 2000
at Mr Wong`s office. In the morning of 7 August 2000 Mr Pillai filed this
action in court and intimated to the Committee that he would not be attending
the meeting that day because he considered the Inquiry Committee`s proceedings
against him to be null and void. The Committee nonetheless proceeded with the
proceedings and, after noting Mr Pillai`s absence, went ahead and prepared its
report to the Council of the Law Society. In its report, it recommended that a
formal inquiry be instituted against Mr Pillai in respect of the complaint
dated 10 August 1999. It also made a similar recommendation in respect of the
10 July 1999 complaint (`the money lending complaint`).  
  
Before me Mr Cheong argued that the rules of natural justice were breached
when the Committee held discussions with Mr Shanmugam the complainant, without
Mr Pillai`s presence. He also alleged that the Committee was unfair in giving
a copy of his written explanation of 2 December 1999 as well as his submission
of 10 May 2000 to the complainant. Mr Cheong further asserted that it was also
improper for the Committee to invite the complainant to send in his written
submission on 10 May 2000, and using that submission to question Mr Pillai.
Similarly, he argued that it was contrary to the principles of natural justice
for the Committee to rely on the complainant`s letter of 16 July 1999, and a
subsequent statement of a witness (Mr Leow) to question Mr Pillai about the
allegation of money lending. Mr Cheong argued that the 16 July 1999 letter was
initially discarded by the Law Society, but found its way into the bundle of
documents despatched to the Committee. He argued that the Committee had no
right to refer to that letter especially when a copy was not given to Mr
Pillai.  
  
Mr Cheong referred to a host of authorities setting out the requirements of
natural justice in disciplinary proceedings, and stressed how abhorrent it is
for a tribunal to listen to a witness or a party in the absence of the other.
Mr Chelva Rajah SC appearing on behalf of the Committee submitted that those
authorities concerned proceedings before a disciplinary tribunal and not
proceedings before an inquiry committee save for **Re Pergamon Press** [1971]
Ch 388[1970] 3 All ER 535 which was quickly distinguished, by Mr Rajah, on the
ground that in that case the inspectors` report would be published and that
would lead to action being taken against the directors concerned, and that,
therefore, those directors ought to be given an opportunity to address the
inspectors` findings before they were published. Mr Cheong also referred to my
decision in **Re Low Fook Cheng Patricia (A Solicitor)** [1999] 2 SLR 326 . In
that case the chairman of an Inquiry Committee spoke to a witness privately.
Subsequently the Inquiry Committee made a specific finding that Miss Low had
misconducted herself in that `she did very little (if at all) to request for
an extension of time for her client` to vacate certain premises. The Inquiry
Committee recommended to the Law Society that she be fined $1,000. She was in
fact fined by the Law Society for a smaller sum. She was not given the
opportunity of addressing the Inquiry Committee about the evidence provided
privately by the witness to the chairman because she did not know that the
conversation had taken place until after the inquiry was over. But more
importantly, what the witness said corroborated Miss Low`s written explanation
to some extent and she might have been given the benefit of the doubt were she
given the opportunity to address the Committee. The Inquiry Committee there
went ahead and made a final and conclusive finding that was acted upon by the
Council. The fine imposed on Miss Low had to be set aside in those
circumstances because she was prejudiced. In the instant case, Mr Rajah
referred to a number of cases which supported the view that the rules of
natural justice do not apply in an inquiry-type setting such as the
proceedings of the Committee here. In **Seet Melvin v Law Society of
Singapore** [1995] 2 SLR 323 , the Court of Appeal reinforced the principles
enunciated in two other Court of Appeal cases, namely, **Whitehouse Holdings
Pte Ltd v Law Society of Singapore** [1994] 2 SLR 476 , and **Law Society v
Chan Chow Wang** [1972-1974] SLR 636  [1975] 1 MLJ 59 . In the last case, the
court relied on the Privy Council case of **Furnell v Whangarei High Schools
Board** [1973] AC 660[1973] 1 All ER 400 as being highly relevant.  
  
It is important to examine, briefly, the structure of the Law Society`s
disciplinary process. A complaint against an advocate and solicitor must be
made to the Council of the Law Society which will then refer it to the
chairman of the Inquiry Panel (the panel is established under s 84 of the
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161)) and inform the solicitor concerned
accordingly. The chairman will constitute an Inquiry Committee from members in
the panel. The Committee is bound to commence its inquiry into the complaint
within two weeks of its appointment. It will then have to report to the
Council the result of its findings. The nature and complexity of the complaint
will largely determine when the report is submitted. The guidelines and
deadlines are set out in ss 86(1) to (4) of the Act. If the Committee is of
the view that the solicitor should answer any allegation it is bound by s
86(1) to deliver a copy of the relevant complaint or information touching on
his misconduct to the solicitor and invite him to give a written explanation
within 14 days, and inform the Committee whether he wishes to be heard. After
it has completed its inquiry, the Committee shall report of its findings to
the Council and may recommend to the Council that the complaint be dismissed
or an appropriate penalty be imposed on the solicitor concerned. It may also
report that a formal investigation by the Disciplinary Committee (appointed by
the Chief Justice under ss 89 and 90) is necessary. The nature of the process
before the Disciplinary Committee is largely adversarial in character. A
charge (or charges) is preferred against the solicitor and counsel
representing the Law Society will present its case before the Disciplinary
Committee. Parties are entitled to issue subpoena against any witness they
require; and all witnesses are subject to examination on oath. On completion
of the proceedings, the Disciplinary Committee reports its findings to the
Chief Justice and the Law Society, and shall in its report record its findings
of fact and determine whether there is no cause of sufficient gravity against
the solicitor; or that although no cause of sufficient gravity for
disciplinary action exists the solicitor ought nonetheless be reprimanded; or
that there is cause of sufficient gravity to warrant disciplinary action. In
that last situation, proceedings against the solicitor will commence with the
view of requiring him to show cause before a court of three judges why he
should not be disciplined (by censure, suspension or a striking off).  
  
The disciplinary process against an advocate and solicitor is thus a careful
and deliberate undertaking. There will always be the simple straightforward
cases which should be dealt with swiftly; similarly, there will always be
complex or difficult ones which will require an investment in time and effort.
The Act accommodates both these situations. However, it is in respect of the
serious and complicated cases that the dichotomous approach is most needed and
best appreciated. In such cases there is first an investigative stage to
determine if there is any misconduct to be prosecuted; and if so, the matter
then passes to the second - the prosecution - stage. The two stages are kept
distinct by dint of their different functions and the desirability of
separating the investigator`s role from that of the prosecutor`s so that each
will ever maintain a sense of objectivity in their respective tasks.  
  
It is against that background that we must examine the work of the Inquiry
Committee. It`s primary role is that of the investigator, a role that is
sometimes not fully appreciated because of the slightly misleading description
attached to the function of the Disciplinary Committee (the conduct of a
`formal investigation`) when, in fact, by that stage the bulk of the
investigative work ought to have been completed by the Inquiry Committee
although the prosecuting counsel for the Law Society may still wish to verify
or augment various aspects of the Law Society`s case before the Disciplinary
Committee. The Inquiry Committee`s role is not merely to uncover only such
evidence as is sufficient to pass on to the Disciplinary Committee for further
investigation. The Inquiry Committee is expected to investigate as fully as it
can before presenting its report to the Council. It can scarcely justify
making any of the recommendations which the Act empowers it to make unless it
had conducted a thorough inquiry into the facts. Although the Inquiry
Committee may not have the power to summon witnesses itself, it is entitled to
consider statements from anyone.  
  
In order that it may discharge its duties effectively, the Inquiry Committee
is empowered to call such meetings and conduct such inquiries in the manner it
deems fit. It is not restrained by strict rules of procedure, or regulations
as to how it is to carry out its work which includes the evaluation of the
evidence. It may also find it necessary to interview witnesses. Mr Cheong
vehemently asserted that the solicitor in question has a right to be present
whenever the Committee speaks to a witness. I think that that demand may be
too prohibitive because, generally, the Inquiry Committee`s work has been
described as inquisitorial, not adversarial, that it is investigative in
nature and not prosecutorial. However, it also has the power to make important
recommendations which may lead to the imposition of penalties on the solicitor
concerned as was the case in **_Low Fook Cheng_**. In those circumstances, the
solicitor must have the opportunity of addressing the point and not be
condemned by a hidden dagger. In the present case, the Committee spoke to the
complainants but it was done openly, without concealment. Given the
complicated facts, and bearing in mind the complexity of the disciplinary
structure and process, I do not think that the Committee had breached the
rules of natural justice. Mr Cheong also made the point very strongly that Mr
Pillai felt that the Committee was biased against him. I agree with him that a
tribunal which has to adjudicate between two opposing parties must not only be
impartial but also appear so, and no solicitor ought to walk away from an
inquiry feeling that the panel was biased against him. But it is important to
first ascertain whether the allegation of bias was reasonably made. I am also
mindful that although an investigative body must act with a sense of fairness
and decency, one sometimes see a glint of the hard side to the investigator or
inquirer, but this stems from the nature of its work. It is not unreasonable
to expect a fact finding inquirer to be skeptical of the stories of those he
has to interview. It would, however, be unreasonable for a person under
investigation to expect that he can, as a matter of right, cling to his
investigator throughout every step of the investigation; to be present each
time a question is put by the Committee to the complainant and his witnesses.
The Committee is obliged to make a full report to the Council, and the latter
is entitled under the Act to remit the matter back to the Committee for
further inquiry if it is not satisfied with the report. Thus, ultimately, the
Committee must report facts which are sufficiently reliable to support its
recommendation. To this end, the Committee ought to be given the latitude of
deciding how best it wishes to conduct the interview of witnesses provided
that the persons whom it interviews are disclosed to the solicitor concerned,
and the information provided by them are put to the solicitor for him to
explain if necessary.  
  
The duty of the Committee can only be discharged properly if there is co-
operation from the solicitor in question. The solicitor is certainly entitled
to say that he does not wish to respond; but in that case he reaps whatever
that silence may sow. But if he does respond or feels a need to respond, he
should do so with utmost candour. The inquiry is not adversarial in character
and he need not treat it as such. He should provide as clear an explanation as
he can (after all, if he has no explanation it is unlikely that anyone else
will have) and ask for details where he reasonably feels hampered without
them; the reasonableness of the request depends on the facts of each case. An
open and candid inquiry ought to be the norm because there are wider interests
in the balance; interests which are greater than that of the Committee`s, the
Law Society`s, and the solicitor`s; it is the interests of the public which
the profession has dedicated itself to serve.  
  
I turn to the law. Mr Cheong`s submissions refer mainly to the rule of natural
justice that eschews the condemnation of a person without giving him a chance
to be heard. But as has been stated in the **_Seet Melvin_** , **_Chan Chow
Wang_** and **_Whitehouse Holdings_** cases, the Inquiry Committee sits to
conduct an inquiry. It does not either condemn or criticize. Mr Cheong relied
on **_Seet Melvin_** `s case and argued that because the court there ruled
that a complainant was not entitled to a right to an oral hearing it must
follow that he cannot be entitled to a copy of the solicitor`s written
submission. With respect, I think that he had perhaps either overlooked or
undervalued the key statement which preceded the passage he relied on. That is
found at p 341 of the court`s judgment in **_Seet Melvin_** (approving the
point made in **_Chan Chow Wang_**). It states: `The requirements of natural
justice must depend on the particular circumstances of each case and the
subject matter under consideration`. The point implicit in the context of that
case is that whether the complainant was allowed an oral hearing is a matter
for the Committee to decide. It is fair to say that had the Committee there
thought fit to hear the complainant, it would not have been a wrong exercise
of its discretion unless there were good reasons to conclude that in doing so
it would have been acting in an unfair manner. The principle laid down in the
cases cited by Mr Rajah is that so long as the tribunal conducting an inquiry
or investigation acts within the scope of its discretion the rules of natural
justice do not apply. Within that limited scope, the tribunal is master of its
own procedure.  
  
Furthermore, the facts presently do not justify Mr Pillai`s claim. Contrary to
the protests of Mr Cheong, the evidence before me shows that every document
that the Committee wanted to consider was given to Mr Pillai, who had, at all
material times, the company and comfort of his counsel. There was a moment
when the Committee referred to documents which had not yet been given to Mr
Pillai, but as soon as it came to know of it, the wrong was redressed, and Mr
Pillai was put in no worse position because he was given time to provide any
explanation he wished.  
  
As I have stated, the merits of the complaint are unimportant to me in these
proceedings, but it is relevant to note that the documents were drafted in
such a way that it is not easy to understand what constituted the crux of the
complaint. That is not to say that the complaint therefore has or has not any
merit, but simply that it justified the Committee in seeking views from both
sides by way of submissions since the complainant and Mr Pillai were
represented by counsel. The matter was a complex and serious one. For example,
at one point the Committee appeared to think that Mr Pillai might have acted
in conflict of interests in acting for the complainant as well as his own
sister; but if the allegations are true, the real conflict of interests may
lay with Mr Pillai acting for a client while advancing his own personal
interests. This is a prominent example of the many tangled aspects of the
complaint that must be probed and clarified; and that duty lay with the
Committee and no one else.  
  
Finally, I shall address the allegation that the Committee breached the rule
of natural justice which required it to give proper notice of the moneylending
complaint. Mr Cheong`s first point here was that the Committee had no
jurisdiction to hear a complaint that stems from a letter which had previously
been discarded by the Council and did not form part of the complaint being
inquired into. Secondly, he argued that the Committee was unfair in not
granting his client an extension of time to make submissions on the
jurisdiction point. It will be remembered that the money lending complaint
emerged from a combination of the allegations set out in the complainants`
letter to the Law Society dated 16 July 1999 and his counsel`s written
submission of 10 May 2000. These documents were first examined by the
Committee in the course of the inquiry. In the last meeting between the
Committee, Mr Cheong and Mr Pillai, that is 25 July 2000, Mr Wong Meng Meng
told Mr Cheong that the Committee had the power to inquire into the matter
under s 86(8) of the Act. Nonetheless, he informed Mr Cheong that the
Committee would like to have his submission only in respect of the
jurisdiction point by 3 August 2000. He told Mr Cheong and Mr Pillai that if
the Committee did not accept Mr Cheong`s submission on the jurisdiction point
a further meeting would be conducted on 7 August for Mr Pillai to answer the
allegation of money lending. Mr Cheong and Mr Pillai left the meeting of 25
July on that note, but on the next day Mr Pillai wrote to the Committee asking
for details relating to how the Committee came into possession of the money
lending documents. Mr Wong`s secretary replied to say that Mr Wong was away
and will reply when he returned in a week`s time. Mr Pillai then wrote asking
for an extension of time to submit on the jurisdiction point. A message was
conveyed to him that Mr Wong did not think that his absence would hinder Mr
Cheong and Mr Pillai in the preparation of their submission. On 31 July 2000
Mr Pillai wrote to inform Mr Wong Meng Meng that because his request for
particulars and an extension of time were rejected he would be commencing
legal proceedings to declare the inquiry null and void, and that he would
`cease to participate further in the inquiry until further notice`. Mr Wong
wrote a lengthy reply disputing various interpretations of the events. He also
stated that the reasons given by Mr Pillai for wanting an extension of time
were not acceptable to him and that his decision remains unless Mr Pillai is
able to `set out fully and clearly the grounds for an extension of time`. He
then reminded Mr Pillai that the Inquiry Committee will convene again on 7
August 2000 `subject to any order of court that Mr Pillai may obtain`. He also
informed Mr Pillai that by reason of the many delays in the inquiry he had
sought an extension of time from the Chairman of the Inquiry Panel for the
Committee to submit its report. The Chairman had agreed and the Committee`s
deadline was extended to 30 August 2000. Mr Pillai wrote again on 2 August
reiterating that he will not participate in the inquiry any further. On 7
August he wrote again to inform the Committee that he had commenced this
action. Mr Wong wrote to Mr Pillai to tell him that on 7 August 2000 the
Committee waited for him until 5.45pm before proceeding its deliberations in
his absence, and that the Committee would proceed to prepare its report
subject to any court order that he might obtain.  
  
Before me Mr Cheong argued that the Committee had no jurisdiction to refer to
the money lending allegation because it was not a new complaint. He submitted
that the Law Society had the relevant complaint dated 16 July 1999 in its
possession even before the present inquiry started. He also submitted that the
Committee`s refusal to grant Mr Pillai an extension of time was unreasonable
and in breach of natural justice. His basis was that without the information
they asked for it was not possible for Mr Pillai to prepare his submission. In
my view, the Committee was entitled to ask Mr Pillai to explain the allegation
of money lending. Whether a document had been seen by the Council of the Law
Society was of no relevance to the Committee. Its duty was to inquire into
whatever complaint it was directed to inquire, which in this case was the
complaint dated 10 August 1999. In the course of its inquiry its attention was
drawn to the other complaint by the same complainant, that is the 16 July 1999
complaint. The Committee was entitled under s 86(8) of the Act to inquire into
that complaint as well provided it gives notice to the solicitor concerned. In
this case, all the relevant documents relating to this complaint had been
given to Mr Pillai and a date was given for him to meet with the Committee.  
  
Mr Cheong then argued that notice must mean notice under s 86(6)(ii) of the
Act which states as follows:

> _
>
> (6) Where an Inquiry Committee is of the opinion that an advocate and
> solicitor should be called upon to answer any allegation made against him,
> the Inquiry Committee shall -
>
> (a) post or deliver to the advocate and solicitor concerned -
>
> (i) copies of any complaint or information touching upon his conduct and of
> any statutory declarations or affidavits that have been made in support of
> the complaint or information; and
>
> (ii) a notice inviting him to give within such period (not being less than
> 14 days) as may be specified in the notice to the Inquiry Committee any
> written explanation he may wish to offer and to advise the Inquiry Committee
> if he wishes to be heard by the Committee;
>
> (b) allow the time specified in the notice to elapse;
>
> (c) give the advocate and solicitor concerned reasonable opportunity to be
> heard if he so desires; and
>
> (d) give due consideration to any explanation (if any) given by him.
>
> _

  
  
Section 86(8) does not specifically refer to a notice under s 86(6)(ii) and
there are good reasons why that may be so. In a s 86(6) situation a solicitor
is notified for the very first time of an allegation of misconduct so a fixed
statutory period was given as representing a reasonable time for him to
respond. Section 86(8) concerns matters arising after the inquiry had begun,
and these can concern matters which may only require a short and quick answer.
They may, of course, concern different and even more complicated matters than
the original complaint. In the circumstances, in my view, the legislature had
left it to the discretion of the Committee to decide what is a reasonable
notice. In this case, notice was given to Mr Pillai on 25 July for a response
to be made by 7 August. It was just short of the 14 days. It is arguable
whether this was reasonable time given the nature of the allegation, but Mr
Pillai never addressed this point. Instead, he took the view that the
Committee had no right to make him answer that allegation. However, he agreed
with the Committee to make his submission on the jurisdiction point first.
Even that point was eventually not made because Mr Pillai withdrew himself
from the inquiry. Under these circumstances, can the Committee be faulted for
proceeding without him? I think not. Would it be unfair to Mr Pillai if the
Committee is now adjudged to have had the jurisdiction to inquire into the
moneylending complaint, but Mr Pillai could no longer address the merits
because the Committee`s report had already been submitted? I think not. A
supplicant who wants to bring the sword of justice down on the respondent must
himself not get in the way lest he be knocked over by the swinging blade. The
Council may yet be kind to Mr Pillai and remit the matter back to the
Committee to inquire whether he has anything to say about that complaint.  
  
Even if the notice under s 86(8) is the same notice under s 86(6)(ii) in my
view, it is not an inflexible provision, the breach of which does not
necessarily nullify the proceedings. Time limitations are provided by the
legislature for a variety of reasons and each provision must be examined in
its own context. In this case, s 86(6)(ii) was to benefit the solicitor. He,
however, is at liberty to waive that time allowance and inform the Committee
that he required less. In this instant case, Mr Pillai had, by his conduct,
indicated to the Committee that notice was no longer relevant to him.  
  
In respect of Mr Pillai`s request for an extension of time, I am of the view
that the response by the Committee was not unreasonable. No real or
substantially new matter had arisen after Mr Cheong had agreed to make his
submission by 3 August other than Mr Wong being away and the Committee`s
rejection of Mr Pillai`s request for particulars. Since Mr Pillai was unable
to say why the particulars were relevant to the jurisdiction point, I can only
conclude that those particulars could not have been relevant and were merely
bait. Mr Pillai had therefore denied himself the opportunity of giving his
explanation to the Committee on the moneylending allegation. He had simply
taken a miscalculated risk.  
  
In my view, there are no grounds for declaring the Inquiry Committee`s
proceedings null and void and Mr Pillai`s application is thus dismissed with
costs.  
  
**Outcome:**

Application dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Oct 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

