Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Projection Pte Ltd v The Tai Ping Insurance Company Limited  
[2000] SGHC 146

Case Number | : | Suit 1301/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 July 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Liam Beng & Yap Pett Chin (Drew & Napier) for the plaintiffs; Low Tiang Hock & Jack Lee Tsen-Ta (Chor Pee & Co) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Projection Pte Ltd â€” The Tai Ping Insurance Company Limited   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**_Cur Adv Vult_**

_

The facts

_

1\. The plaintiffs are a company incorporated in Singapore and are builders
and contractors. At the material time, they were the main contractors for a
proposed sports and recreation centre (the project) to be constructed at
Jurong East Street 31, Singapore by the Singapore Sports Council (SSC).

2\. The defendants are an insurance company with whom the plaintiffs took out
a Contractors' All Risks policy numbered DGCRSP0045149600 (the policy) for the
project for the period 13 June 1996 to 10 December 1997 naming themselves, SSC
and the plaintiffs' subcontractors as the assured; the policy also covered a
maintenance period from 11 December 1997 to 10 December 1999. Under the
policy, the limit of liability for any one accident was $2m. The defendants
had also furnished to SSC, on behalf of the plaintiffs, a performance bond
dated 13 June 1996 for the project, in a sum equivalent to 10% of the contract
value.

3\. On or about 8 July 1997, while the plaintiffs were carrying out work on
the project, a part of the retaining wall collapsed and damage was caused to a
canal belonging to the Ministry of the Environment (MOE). On the same day, the
plaintiffs gave the requisite notice of claim to the defendants.

4\. The defendants appointed loss adjusters Cunningham International Private
Limited (Cunningham) on or about 11 July 1997 to investigate the damage to the
wall and canal. More than a year later, Cunningham assessed the plaintiffs'
claim at $679,065.95 (the assessed amount) and in their letter dated 1 October
1998 to the plaintiffs' solicitors, they gave a breakdown of the figure.
Cunningham qualified their assessment with the statement that it was _'subject
to the approval of the insurers, policy terms, conditions and exclusion'_.
They added that if the plaintiffs did not object, they would proceed to
forward their report to the defendants.

5\. Not hearing from the defendants thereafter, the plaintiffs wrote to their
brokers OCW Insurance (Brokers) Pte Ltd (OCW) on 26 October 1998 requesting
the latter to expedite their claim with the defendants. From time to time, the
plaintiffs' director Ong Poh Pieow (Ong) would also telephone Douglas Ong
(Douglas) of OCW to inquire as to the progress on the plaintiffs' claim.
Douglas repeatedly assured Ong he need not worry. However, as neither OCW nor
the defendants contacted the plaintiffs (who were becoming increasingly
anxious), the plaintiffs themselves wrote to the defendants on 11 November
1998 asking for payment of the assessed amount or the reasons for the non-
payment.

6\. Pursuant to the plaintiffs' aforesaid letter and after several telephone
conversations between Ong and Douglas, the latter finally informed Ong in mid-
November 1998 that the defendants were processing the plaintiffs claim. The
plaintiffs promptly wrote to the defendants on 21 November 1998 to record what
Douglas had told them and stated they expected to receive the defendants'
cheque _'within the next few days'_.

7\. The plaintiffs then received a copy of the defendants' letter to OCW dated
9 December 1998 (the first offer) stating they would pay the plaintiffs
$523,912.68 on their claim, subject to confirmation from the SSC that it did
not object. The plaintiffs by their letter dated 18 December 1998 questioned
why the defendants were paying $155,153.27 less than the assessed amount; they
requested a breakdown of the sum offered. Ong also called Douglas several
times to press for early settlement of the plaintiffs' claim. Apparently he
was told that the defendants' assistant general manager (Richard Li Zheng
Ming) who was in charge of the matter was away.

8\. Finally, on 9 March 1999, Ong with his fellow directors Eio Hock Chuar and
Michael Lim met with Richard Li (Li) and Douglas over lunch for a discussion.
According to the plaintiffs, the purpose of the meeting was to reach agreement
on a figure acceptable to both parties for the plaintiffs claim. Ong said the
parties finally agreed on $553,560.98 (the compromise sum) as a compromise in
full and final settlement of the plaintiffs' claim. Contrary to the
defendants' subsequent assertion, Ong contended that no conditions were
attached to the compromise sum and no mention was made of SSC.

9\. In their subsequent letter dated 31 March 1999 to OCW (the second offer),
the defendants stated:

> We are pleased to advise that we agree to adjust the proportion borned by
> Insured under Section II from 30% to 20% of the loss. After adjustment, the
> final figure payable is $553,560.98.
>
> We enclose herewith a discharge for your onward transmission for Insured's
> signature.
>
> We thank you for your co-operation.

The discharge voucher addressed to the defendants stated:

> WE, PROJECTION PTE LTD & SINGAPORE SPORTS COUNCIL hereby acknowledge having
> received from THE TAI PING INSURANCE CO LTD, the sum of Singapore dollars
> FIVE HUNDRED FIFTY-THREE THOUSAND FIVE HUNDRED SIXTY AND CENTS NINETY-EIGHT
> ONLY, being full and final settlement of all claims and disbursements
> arising from loss or damage to properties sustained by us as a result of an
> incident of DAMAGE TO RETAINING WALL & CANAL ON 08.07.97.
>
> Dated this 31 MARCH 1999
>
> AMOUNT: S$553,560.98

> |   
> ---|---  
> Company Stamp & Signature | Company Stamp & Signature  
> PROJECTION PTE LTD | SINGAPORE SPORTS COUNCIL  
  
10\. The plaintiffs returned the discharge voucher to the defendants under
cover of their letter dated 8 May 1999 pointing out that SSC was only the
nominee for the receipt of money and not the claimant; therefore there was no
need for SSC to sign the discharge voucher. Accordingly only the plaintiffs
signed the defendants' discharge voucher to which they had added the following
words after the last sentence:

This full and final settlement shall be limited to the aforesaid incident
only.

11\. Unknown to the plaintiffs (who only found out in the course of discovery
for this trial), SSC had written to the defendants separately on 19 May 1998
to request that the defendants expedite payment to the contractors (the
plaintiffs) _'in order for the contractors to rectify the damaged works as
soon as possible to avoid further damages to the surrounding works and the
canal lining'._

12\. As they neither received payment nor a response to their letter dated 8
May 1999, the plaintiffs sent a reminder to the defendants on 8 July __ 1999
with an ultimatum. At the same time, they pressed Douglas to expedite payment
from the defendants. Douglas however apparently did nothing apart from giving
oral assurances that the defendants were preparing the cheque for payment.

13\. Consequently, in July 1999, Ong visited Li who showed him a letter from
the defendants' solicitors advising the defendants to disclaim liability. Li
then offered the plaintiffs $300,000 as a goodwill settlement in view of the
fact that they were valued clients with whom the defendants wished to maintain
a business relationship. Not unexpectedly, Ong did not accept Li's offer and
in due course these proceedings were commenced after the plaintiffs'
solicitors had first sent a letter to the defendants dated 25 August 1999
demanding the compromise sum. By a letter dated 27 September 1999 to the
plaintiffs' solicitors, the defendants' solicitors withdrew any offer of
settlement previously made.

_

The pleadings

_

14\. In the (amended) statement of claim, the plaintiffs alleged that there
was a compromise agreement between the parties as reflected in the defendants'
second offer and the discharge voucher enclosed therewith. Consequently, the
defendants breached that agreement when they failed to pay to the plaintiffs
or to SSC the compromise sum.

15\. In the defence, the defendants denied there was a compromise agreement.
They alleged that the plaintiffs put tremendous pressure on the defendants to
settle the plaintiffs' claim. The defendants therefore placated the plaintiffs
by forwarding a discharge voucher to the latter in anticipation of a possible
settlement pending which the defendants took legal advice and waited for the
final reports from Cunningham and professional engineers Harris & Sutherland
(H & S). It was the parties' common assumption that any settlement would be on
the premise that the plaintiffs were entitled to be indemnified by the
defendants and the defendants were obliged to indemnify the plaintiffs, under
the terms of the policy.

16\. The defendants contended that the common assumption turned out to be
untrue and by reason thereof there was a fundamental mistake of fact which
rendered any alleged agreement to settle void. Consequently the defendants
denied there was any agreement to settle. The alleged agreement failed for
want of consideration. In the alternative, the alleged second offer from the
defendants was to be accepted by the plaintiffs and SSC, as set out in the
defendants' discharge voucher sent together with the alleged second offer. The
alleged second offer was not accepted in accordance with the terms as only the
plaintiffs, not SSC, signed the discharge voucher.

17\. The defendants further denied liability on the ground that the claim did
not fall within the cover extended by the defendants. They pleaded that H & S
were of the view that damage to the whole of the retaining wall (including the
foundations) was due to design error. The defendants relied on Section II
(which covers third party liability) of the policy and in particular clause
(d) which states:

> The insurers shall not be liable for.the cost of replacement.of loss or
> damage to items due tofaulty design, but this exclusion shall be limited to
> the items immediately affected and shall not be deemed to exclude loss or
> damage to correctly executed items resulting from an accident due to such
> .faulty design.

The defendants contended that the plaintiffs' claim fell under Section II for
which the defendants were liable to indemnify the plaintiffs only if it was
due to accidental loss

> .occurring in direct connection with the construction of or erection of the
> items insured under Section I and happening on or in the immediate vicinity
> of the site during the period of cover.

They averred that faulty design cannot be considered to be something
accidental. As the faulty design was produced by Maunsell Consultants
Singapore Pte Ltd (Maunsell) and it was the direct cause of the damage to the
canal belonging to the MOE, Maunsell, not the defendants, were liable to MOE.
Neither were the defendants liable to indemnify the plaintiffs.

_

The evidence

(i) the plaintiff's case

_

18\. Ong was the plaintiffs' only witness. I have in paras 3 to 13 above,
essentially set out his evidence in chief. I now turn to the testimony adduced
from him under cross-examination.

19\. Ong elaborated on the discussion at the meeting on 9 March 1999 which
purpose he said was to settle the sum payable to the plaintiffs. He succeeded
in persuading Li to increase the defendants' offer to $533,560.98 which was
the 'maximum' sum Li said the defendants could pay. However, he denied he was
shown Cunningham's letter to the defendants dated 2 December 1998 (see AB242)
which showed that $523,912.68 was the recommended sum after adjustment. Ong
also denied that Li had told him at the meeting that there could be no
decision on a settlement without the final report from Cunningham (which was
dated 20 August 1999 and showed that the plaintiffs' claim had been further
reduced to $107,132.63). He agreed that Li did say that the defendants
required a letter of authorisation from SSC to make payment to the plaintiffs.
Ong admitted that SSC did not know about the meeting or the settlement but
added it was not necessary to inform SSC as, it left it to the plaintiffs to
resolve the claim with the defendants. In any case, SSC had confirmed to the
plaintiffs by letter dated 22 October 1999 (AB45), that it had been fully
informed of the settlement. However, Ong acknowledged that SSC was the party
to whom the claim was payable under the 'Loss Payee' clause even though SSC
had requested the defendants to expedite payment to the plaintiffs by its
letter dated 19 May 1998 (AB24). Ong however would not commit himself on
whether SSC had to sign the defendants' discharge voucher before it could
receive payment under the policy.

20\. In an earlier affidavit filed (on 15 September 1999) for the plaintiffs'
unsuccessful O 14 application, Ong had deposed (in para 10) that the
defendants had agreed to pay the plaintiffs the compromise sum on 31 March
1999. He explained that was because the defendants' discharge voucher and
second offer bore that date. He agreed that both the offer and discharge
voucher must be read together. Ong also admitted that after he had returned
the signed discharge voucher to the defendants, he was informed by Douglas
that Li insisted on SSC signing the discharge voucher as otherwise SSC may
turn around and make another claim on the defendants for the same incident.
However, Ong denied he was told by Li (soon after the report of H & S dated
July 1999) that the plaintiffs' claim was not payable.

21\. In his evidence in chief (as well as under cross-examination), Ong had
asserted that the compromise agreement was reached at the meeting on 9 March
1999. If indeed there was an oral agreement reached on 9 March 1999, counsel
for the defendants questioned Ong why the plaintiffs did not press for payment
of the compromise sum as, their conduct showed that they were pressing the
defendants repeatedly through OCW to expedite their claim; yet, they did
nothing in the three (3) week interval before they received the defendants'
second offer. Ong was also questioned on the time lapse between the
defendants' second offer and the plaintiffs' reply dated 8 May 1999. He
explained it was because he had approached SSC to endorse the discharge
voucher but SSC declined to do so; they left it to the plaintiffs to settle
with the defendants.

22\. Although Douglas was the plaintiffs' insurance agent/broker and had
attended the crucial meeting on 9 March 1999, he was not called by them to
testify. The court and counsel for the defendants inquired as to the reason;
we were told that Douglas refused to be a witness and had even indicated to
counsel that if called, he would give testimony which would be unfavourable to
the plaintiffs. I should also add that although counsel for the defendants
indicated he would subpoena Douglas to appear as the defendants' witness, that
intention did not materialise either. Without Douglas, the court was in no
position to verify the statements attributed to him by both Ong and Li.
Curiously, the plaintiffs chose not to call Eio Hock Chuar or Michael Lim to
testify either even though they could or should have corroborated Ong's
version of what transpired at the meeting on 9 March 1999, in the absence of
Douglas as a witness.

_

(ii the defendants' case

_

23\. I turn next to the testimony adduced from Li. As was to be expected, his
version of what transpired at the meeting on 9 March 1999 greatly differed
from Ong's. Li contended that the alleged compromise agreement failed for want
of consideration. Further, the 'Loss Payee' clause under the Schedule of the
policy states:

> Singapore Sports Council are interested in any moneys which.would be payable
> to the Insured.in respect of loss or damage to the Insured works. Such
> moneys shall be paid to Singapore Sports Council.

The plaintiffs through Douglas had also informed him that any payment under
the policy had to be made to SSC. Accordingly, the discharge voucher signed by
the plaintiffs alone and with the wording altered by the plaintiffs was not in
accordance with the defendants' second offer.

24\. Li denied that the defendants' second offer (of which he was the maker)
was a record of the compromise agreement he had reached with the plaintiffs.
If indeed an agreement had been reached, there was no need for Ong to have
visited him in July 1999 to inquire about the plaintiffs' claim. He alleged
that both the plaintiffs and Douglas resorted to threatening him with the
possibility of the defendants being called upon to make payment of the sum
($3,686,822.55) under the plaintiffs performance bond, unless the plaintiffs
were paid.

25\. As for the meeting on 9 March 1999, Li confirmed that the discussion
centred on the quantum of the plaintiffs' claim, in relation to the assessed
amount and the defendants' first offer. In his written testimony, Li had
exhibited a hand-written note (AB5) which he said he had prepared that day
after the meeting. In that note, it was recorded that Ong had requested Li to
improve on the defendants' offer to which Li's response was, that he would try
to reduce the proportion of liability of the plaintiffs under Section II of
the policy. Li recorded he had explained the defendants' position -- as the
matter was so technical, the defendants had to wait for the final reports from
Cunningham. However, because he wanted to maintain the defendants' cordial
relationship with the plaintiffs, he recorded that he placated them by making
the first offer back in December 1998.

26\. Li said he had made known to the plaintiffs at the meeting that his offer
to settle was subject to the final reports of Cunningham and H & S and, to the
terms and conditions of the policy although this was not stated in his two
letters of offer. He disagreed with counsel's suggestion that once the
plaintiffs had confirmed the first offer and had given SSC's letter of
authority, the defendants were obliged to pay $523,912.68. Li contended that
even though it was not stated in his letter, it was 'understood' by people in
the insurance industry that settlement of insurance claims was subject to
receipt of final reports from the insurers' adjusters/experts and to the terms
and conditions of the policy concerned. In any case, the plaintiffs well knew
as it was also made clear in Cunningham's letter dated 1 October 1998 to their
solicitors. He added that before the March meeting, he had requested for a
representative from SSC to be present but he did not insist when Douglas told
him it was not necessary. He explained that when the defendants made their
first offer to the plaintiffs in December 1998, he had already heard that SSC
had deducted the plaintiffs' payments, the defendants were therefore worried
that new disputes may arise concerning this claim; hence Li wanted SSC's
participation. He had also told the plaintiffs to discuss with SSC the issue
of payment when he was informed that the plaintiffs could not receive the
money. However these two discussions were inadvertently omitted from his note
(probably because he did not think they were important) as well as from his
written testimony and his earlier affidavits filed to oppose the plaintiffs'
application for summary judgment. Li said he only recollected the two (2)
matters when he read the plaintiffs' affidavits before the trial.

27\. After his March meeting with the plaintiffs, Li contacted Cunningham to
inquire whether he could compromise on the percentage (30%) of loss to be
borne by the plaintiffs under Section II; Cunningham indicated that decision
was for the defendants to make. He did make the decision; hence his second
offer wherein he offered to reduce the percentage of loss to be borne by the
plaintiffs under Section II from 30% to 20%.

28\. Contrary to the plaintiffs' contention, Li said that although he was the
assistant manager of the defendants in charge of claims, he could not settle
large claims without approval from his superiors. Further, the defendants were
the regional office for Thailand, Indonesia, Australia and New Zealand and he
had additional duties arising therefrom. Because of the regional crisis in
1988, he was extremely busy and hard-pressed at the material time. Even so,
while waiting for the final reports from Cunningham, Li said he was prepared
to accommodate the plaintiffs by negotiating with them first so as to expedite
their claim since, Cunningham had already given a tentative figure and the
defendants knew that Bakau piles were then the only item excluded from the
plaintiffs' claim but, they were uncertain as to the cause of the damage. Li
revealed that at the time of negotiation with the plaintiffs, he was aware
from correspondence between H & S and Cunningham, that design fault was a
possible cause of the damage but, he did not inform the plaintiffs. In any
case he believed they knew of this possibility since it was their project and
the plaintiffs had their own site engineer who should know the reasons for the
collapse of the wall. The defendants were prepared to negotiate on quantum
first and put aside liability until such time as they received Cunningham's
final report because OCW was the defendants' biggest broker (whose Douglas
kept chasing him for payment) and the defendants considered the plaintiffs
their valued clients; the plaintiffs had taken out policies with the
defendants all along. Moreover, in 1998 alone, the defendants paid out more
than $9m on performance bonds and they did not want the plaintiffs'
performance bond to be called upon. Questioned what would happen if the final
figure for the plaintiffs' claim turned out to be less than Cunningham's
initial assessment of $525,912.68, Li said the defendants would then
renegotiate with the plaintiffs.

29\. Li revealed that after he received the amended discharge voucher from the
plaintiffs under cover of their letter dated 8 May 1999, he telephoned Douglas
pointing out that the plaintiffs had not complied with the terms of the
defendants' second offer. Before receipt of the plaintiffs' said letter, he
had received several telephone calls from Douglas requesting that the
defendants dispense with SSC's signature in the discharge voucher which
request Li refused pointing out that without SSC's signature, it meant the
plaintiffs were making a counter-offer to the defendants' offer. In any event,
by then he had seen SSC's letter dated 19 May 1998 requesting the defendants
to expedite payment to the plaintiffs -- there was therefore no reason why SSC
would not sign the discharge voucher. When the defendants made the first
offer, the plaintiffs requested that they be paid for which Li said he
required a letter of authority from SSC. However, before the defendants made
the second offer, the plaintiffs requested that SSC be paid instead. As time
had lapsed between SSC's aforesaid letter and the defendants' first offer, Li
said he wanted confirmation as to who should receive the payment bearing in
mind that the 'Loss Payee' clause required the defendants to pay to SSC. If no
letter of authorisation came from SSC, it meant that the defendants could not
pay the plaintiffs. Li disagreed with counsel's suggestion that the discharge
voucher only served as a record of settlement and the plaintiffs' amendment of
its wording did not change its nature.

30\. Besides Li, the defendants also called two (2) representatives from H & S
to testify. Tan Teck Cheng and Philip Jones testified that their company was
appointed by Cunningham on the defendants' behalf to investigate a slope
failure at the site of the project and to report on the cause. They confirmed
that the collapse was due to the design of the retaining wall done by
Maunsell. Consequently, the claim fell outside the cover provided under the
policy. In their final submissions, the plaintiffs dealt with the testimony of
H & S at considerable length. With respect, the evidence from H & S has no
bearing on the only issue which required my determination in this case -- was
there or was there not a compromise agreement reached between the parties on 9
March alternatively on 31 March, 1999?; the dispute did not touch on whether
the plaintiffs' claim came within the ambit of the policy. Although their
assessment of the plaintiffs' claim featured prominently in this litigation,
the defendants surprisingly chose not to call anyone from Cunningham to
testify.

_

The findings

_

31\. Considerable time was also spent by counsel in cross-examining Li on the
extent of his authority to settle claims on behalf of the defendants. Again,
the extent of Li's mandate from the defendants does not help to determine the
issue in question. What needs to be resolved is, what is the purport of the
defendants' two offer letters to OCW dated 9 December 1998 and 31 March 1999?
To answer that question, it is necessary to consider the basic principles as
to when an offer is said to be accepted and an agreement concluded. In this
regard, I refer to the following extracts from _Chitty_ on Contracts (28 ed
vol 1 at pp 89, 90 and 100):-

**

> 2-001 General principles.

**There may be said to be three basic essentials to the creation of a
contract: agreement, contractual intention and consideration.

The normal test for determining whether the parties have reached agreement is
to ask whether an offer has been made by one party and accepted by the other

In deciding whether the parties have reached agreement, the courts normally
apply the objective test, which is further discussed in 2-002 below.

**

2-002 Offer defined.

**The offer is an expression of willingness to contract made with the
intention (actual or apparent) that it is to become binding on the person
making it as soon as it is accepted by the person to whom it is addressed.
Under the objective test of agreement, an apparent intention to be bound may
suffice _i.e_. the alleged offeror may be bound if his words or conduct are
such as to induce a reasonable person to believe that he intends to be bound,
even though in fact he has no such intention.**

2-024 Acceptance defined

**. An acceptance is a final and unqualified expression of assent to the terms
of an offer. The objective test of agreement applies to an acceptance no less
than to an offer. On this test the mere acknowledgement of an offer would not
be an acceptance; nor is there an acceptance where a person who has received
an offer to sell goods merely replies that it is his 'intention to place an
order.'

32\. Turning next to the defendants' first offer in the sum of $523,912.68 Li
had written as follows:

> We will make payment to the insured Projection Pte Ltd. However considering
> the Loss Payee clauses in the schedule, before we release our Draft, we need
> a letter from Singapore Sports Council to confirm that they have no
> objection to this payment arrangement
>
> Please convey the same to Projection Pte Ltd and let us have their
> confirmation of the payment so that we are able to effect our payment

The plaintiffs' reply by their letter dated 18 December 1998 inter alia
stated:

> We are therefore surprised to note your letter preparing to pay us only
> $523,912.68 a shortfall of $155,153.27 from that assessed by your appointed
> professional loss adjuster.
>
> Please provide us within the next 7 days, with detailed breakdown of your
> assessment of $523,912.68 and identify the items (or amounts) recommended by
> the loss adjuster that you have rejected..

Nothing could be clearer from the above extract of the plaintiffs' reply than
that the defendants' offer of $523,912.68 had been rejected.

33\. Now for the second offer which full text I have already set out in para 9
above. Li had said (with which I fully agree), that this letter represented a
fresh offer from the defendants. All that was needed by the plaintiffs by way
of acceptance was, to sign (together with SSC) the discharge voucher enclosed
therewith and return the latter document to the defendants in order to obtain
payment of $553,560.98. This they failed to do because: firstly, the
plaintiffs did not obtain SSC's requisite signature and secondly, they took it
upon themselves to unilaterally amend the text of the discharge voucher.
Again, applying the basic principle that there must be _consensus ad idem_
before an offer and acceptance can culminate in a contract, the defendants'
second offer had been impliedly rejected by the plaintiffs. Consequently, the
plaintiffs' contention that the second offer from the defendants reflected a
compromise agreement having been reached between the parties, cannot be
sustained.

34\. It bears remembering that Ong had admitted under cross-examination (as Li
testified) that Douglas had indeed informed him that the defendants insisted
on having SSC's signature on the discharge voucher as the latter was the 'Loss
Payee' under the terms of the policy. In this regard the plaintiffs'
subsequent attempt to overcome the lack of consent by obtaining SSC's letter
dated 21 October 1999 stating it was willing to receive payment under the
'Loss Payee' clause came a little too late as, the writ of summons had by then
been filed (on 3 September 1999).

35\. At this juncture I need to revert to the fateful meeting of 9 March 1999
to ascertain whether a compromise agreement had been concluded then, as Ong
asserted in his written and oral testimony. Incidentally this was a departure
from the plaintiffs' pleaded case that the compromise agreement was evidenced
in the defendants' letter dated 31 March 1999; no mention was made of the
meeting. It is common ground that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss
and negotiate on the defendants' then offer of $523,912.68. Other than that
however, the parties differed in their versions of what was said by Li to Ong
and vice versa. The only record of what transpired at that meeting was Li's
handwritten note which counsel for the plaintiffs roundly assailed as having
been manufactured for purposes of this trial since, it was not disclosed at
the O 14 proceedings or earlier but only in the course of discovery for this
trial. While I am mindful that the document emanated from the defendants and
can be considered to be self-serving in that sense, it is significant that
Li's note of what transpired at the meeting is consistent with the defendants'
second offer. Li had testified that in the course of the discussion, he had
raised the possibility of reducing the plaintiffs' portion of liability under
Section II of the policy in response to Ong's request that the defendants
improve on their offer of $523,912.68; the second offer proved that he made
the adjustment.

36\. Earlier (see para 22) I had alluded to the plaintiffs' omission to call
Douglas as their witness because the latter had made it clear that he was
reluctant to get involved and if forced to testify, he would be a hostile
witness. Counsel for the defendants conveyed the same message when he informed
the court he had changed his mind about issuing a subpoena to compel Douglas
to attend court. Under the circumstances, it would be unfair to draw an
adverse inference against the plaintiffs for not calling Douglas as their
witness as counsel for the defendants suggested.

37\. However, the absence from court of Ong's fellow directors Eio Hock Chuar
and Michael Lim merit different considerations altogether. Ong had testified
that they accompanied him to the lunch meeting and this was confirmed by Li's
handwritten note. In the absence of Douglas, one would have thought that the
plaintiffs would call either or both these persons to buttress Ong's testimony
that a compromise agreement was reached at the meeting. The plaintiffs'
failure to do so coupled with the lack of any explanation from their counsel
and or Ong is a telling omission from which I must necessarily draw an adverse
inference -- if called to testify, they would not have corroborated Ong's
testimony.

38\. I am fortified in my view that no compromise agreement was reached on 9
March 1999 by another significant omission on the part of the plaintiffs. In
his written testimony, Ong had deposed (se para 6 above) that when he was told
by Douglas that the defendants were processing the plaintiffs' claim, he had
written to the defendants promptly on 21 November 1998 to record what was told
to him. Yet, if his testimony is to believed, he did not do the same when the
parties reached a compromise agreement on 9 March 1999. The omission to write
is so completely out of character with the plaintiffs' conduct, especially
when the plaintiffs had been pressing the defendants repeatedly since October
1998 for payment, that the only conclusion one can draw therefrom is, that no
compromise or any agreement at all was reached on 9 March 1999. In addition,
Li had testified and which was not challenged, if indeed there had been a
compromise agreement reached in March 1999, why would Ong still visit him four
(4) months later (in July 1999) to inquire about the plaintiffs' claim?

39\. What happened was (and which Ong admitted as much under cross-
examination), the plaintiffs met with the obstacle of SSC being unwilling to
sign the discharge voucher when they intended to accept the defendants' second
offer dated 31 March 1999. Ong admitted that (as conveyed to him by Douglas
from Li) the defendants on their part were unwilling to make payment without
SSC's signature. This problem would not have arisen in the first place had the
plaintiffs adhered to the terms of the policy and allowed the defendants to
pay SSC as the 'Loss Payee' instead of requesting payment to themselves
direct. I can only speculate that one reason why they did not want SSC to be
paid was because the plaintiffs were afraid SSC may retain the monies to set-
off claims SSC had against them. The plaintiffs' problem was compounded by the
fact that they decided to amend the wording of the discharge voucher to
protect themselves against compromising future claims under the policy.
Unfortunately, this resulted in the plaintiffs making a counter-offer to the
defendants' second offer. I can only surmise that realising the legal quandary
they had got themselves into, the plaintiffs then changed tack and in Ong's
testimony, claimed that a compromise agreement had already been reached on 9
March 1999 -- therefore their rejection of the defendants' second offer did
not affect their pre-existing rights. Apart from the cryptic assertions that
the plaintiffs' case was not restricted to the compromise agreement being
reached on 9 March 1999 but it was reached between the parties _sometime in
March 1999_ , the plaintiffs did not elaborate on paras 1 and 2 of their
written submissions.

_

The law

_

40\. It would be appropriate at this juncture to look at the requirements at
law for a valid compromise to come into being; I refer to the textbook _The
Law and Practice of Compromise_ (4 ed 1996) which was cited by the defendants.
At para 3-01 (p 14) the learned author had this to say:

> Since a compromise is merely a contract, the ordinary principles of contract
> law apply with as much force as in other contractual contexts. Under the
> ordinary law, a contract will not be found to have arisen unless:
>
> (i) consideration;
>
> (ii) an agreement can be identified which is complete and certain;
>
> (iii) the parties intend to create legal relations and;
>
> (iv) in some cases, certain formalities have been observed..

At para 3-03 (at p 15) the learned author continued:

> In compromise, consideration is often furnished by the promised or actual
> forbearance of one party to pursue a claim against another in return for
> some promised or actual act by the other. Such act may constitute a benefit
> to the claimant or a detriment to the performer or indeed both. The promised
> or actual forbearance may be for a specified time or, where no time is
> specified, for a reasonable time.

41\. With the above extracts in mind, I turn to paras 5 to 7 of the (amended)
statement of claim which pleaded as follows:

> 5\. By a letter dated 31 March 1999, the defendants recorded their agreement
> to the sum of $553,560.98 as payable to the plaintiffs in respect of the
> said claim and/or said damage. A discharge voucher dated 31 March 1999 (the
> Discharge Voucher) was enclosed with the said letter for the plaintiffs'
> signature.
>
> 6\. The Discharge Voucher was duly executed by the plaintiffs and returned
> to the defendants some time on 8 May 1999. The plaintiffs will rely on the
> discharge voucher for its full purport and effect at trial.
>
> 7\. In the premises, there is a compromise agreement (the Agreement) between
> the parties for the said claim and/or said damage in that the defendants
> have agreed to pay the sum of $553,560.98 as full and final settlement of
> the said claim and/or said damage.

No particulars were furnished for the above paragraphs in particular for para
7 as to when the compromise agreement was made, the reasons therefor and the
terms thereof. Above all, nothing was pleaded on the issue of consideration;
nor was it elaborated on in para 99 of the plaintiffs' submissions as to what
constituted good consideration for this case. All that counsel for the
plaintiffs did was, to refer to an extract from _Cheshire Fifoot & Furmston's_
Law of Contract (1998) which included a comment that the compromise of a
doubtful claim was upheld by the courts. I consider the paucity of the
plaintiffs' pleadings and submission on this very essential ingredient for a
compromise agreement as another indication of its non-existence as at March
1999, particularly when the issue of want of consideration was specifically
pleaded in the defence. As an aside, I would add that it was wrong of the
plaintiffs to include in the Agreed Bundle (at AB40) as well as make reference
to it in their final submissions (para 86) the without prejudice letter from
the defendants dated 31 August 1999 offering to pay them $322,649.14, even if
counsel for the defendants raised his objections late in the day.

_

The conclusion

_

42\. In the light of my findings, there is no necessity for me to determine
the alternative defence put forward by the defendants -- that there was a
fundamental mistake which rendered any alleged agreement to settle void. I
would only venture to say that the evidence suggests that such a defence would
be difficult to succeed. I therefore dismiss the plaintiffs' claim with costs
to the defendants.

Lai Siu Chiu

Judge

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Jul 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

