Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Peh Chui Choo v Kuah Peng Ah  
[2000] SGHC 138

Case Number | : | Div P 3160/1995  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 July 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  G P Selvam J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chua Swee Keng (Chua Swee Keng & Co) for the petitioner; Serene Chan (Tan Lee & Choo) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Peh Chui Choo — Kuah Peng Ah   
  
Family Law – Maintenance – Wife and children – Application by husband for
downward variation of order – Husband divesting assets and unable to pay –
Whether downward variation should be granted  
  

: This is an application for a downward variation of a maintenance order. The
applicant is the husband/respondent. The order was first made by the
Subordinate Court in Maintenance Order No 119/96. The amount was $2,800. This
order was continued by Lai Siu Chiu J in DP 3160/95. The order was in favour
of the petitioner/wife and two younger sons of the marriage. The mother was
given custody of the two boys. There were two older twin boys. The husband was
given custody of the twins. The husband seeks a reduction of almost 80%, that
is from $2,800 to a mere $600.  
  
From February this year, he reduced the payment of maintenance by $2,300. The
petitioner has taken out enforcement proceedings. They are pending in the
subordinate courts.  
  
The parties were married in 1977. By 1993, the respondent had fathered four
sons. By that year he had acquired a girl friend whom he later married. That
marriage, too, is on the rocks. Before the petition was filed, he ignored his
responsibilities to the family in that he failed to provide maintenance for
his wife and four children. This impelled the wife to take out a maintenance
summons in November 1995. She also filed a divorce petition seeking
dissolution of the marriage. The ground she relied on was the husband`s
irresponsible behaviour.  
  
In the event, in March 1996 a decree nisi was pronounced. Ancillary matters
were adjourned to chambers. In October 1996, orders were made on ancillary
issues. By then the wife had obtained an order for maintenance in the
subordinate courts. The ancillary orders gave the wife custody of the two
younger sons. Maintenance in the sum of $2,800 for the wife and two younger
sons was continued. The respondent was given custody of the twins. There was a
financial adjustment in respect of the matrimonial home: No 830 Mountbatten
Road. The matrimonial home was sold in October 1997 for $1,710,000. After
deducting what was due to the bank, some $22,000 in respect of commission,
legal charges and other incidentals the petitioner received about $420,000.
The respondent, however, received some $700,000. About $233,000 out of that
amount was refunded to his CPF account. Being interested to what he did with
that money, I expected to find the answer in his bank statements but without
avail.  
  
I now turn to a very important matter. The respondent at the time of divorce
was a substantial shareholder and director of a family company - Bok Soon
Hardware Engineering Pte Ltd. The documents placed before me showed that in
November 1998 he transferred 1,693 shares in Bok Soon Hardware to his brother.
The consideration stated in the transfer form was $186,230. That was at $110
per share. I noticed that the stamp duty paid on that lot was $5,945.60. It
was patent that the consideration stated in the transfer form was not a
genuine representation of the value of the shares. I therefore asked for the
company secretary to attend before the court. The company secretary did so. He
tendered evidence and established that the net asset value of the shares was
$1,755.89 per share. On that basis the true value of the shares was
$2,972,721.77.  
  
I further asked for the respondent`s sister to attend before the court and
provide information. She did so. According to her, the respondent`s father was
unhappy about the divorce. In consequence he wanted the shares to be
transferred and the respondent did so. The respondent gave them free. However,
it was their intention not to leave the respondent with nothing. So goods were
given to him in return.  
  
The documents before the court showed that the respondent in July 1998 set up
a company called Bok Soon Metal (Singapore) Pte Ltd. The object of this
company was to do the same business as Bok Soon Hardware. After Bok Soon Metal
was set up, it received goods with invoice value of over $850,000. The
invoices were addressed to the respondent and Bok Soon Metal. Bok Soon Metal
has not paid for the goods. Further, in the accounts of Bok Soon Metal for the
year ending 30 September 1999, the respondent was owed $740,141 by his
company. This was in respect of the goods supplied by Bok Soon Hardware. The
respondent receives goods without having to pay for them.  
  
Before I consider the application of the respondent, one other factor must be
mentioned. In February 1999 he married the woman who came into his life before
the divorce contributing to the breakup of the marriage with the petitioner.  
  
Now I turn to the application before me. It was filed on 16 December 1999
seeking reduction of the maintenance from $2,800 to a mere $600 for three
souls. The application was premised on the following assertions: he was forced
to divest his shares in Bok Soon Hardware. The consideration of $186,280
stated in the transfer form was not given to him in cash but in the form of
goods. His company, Bok Soon Metal, was insolvent. His free assets which
excluded the HDB flat, the moneys in CPF and the money owed by Bok Soon Metal
were worth very little. He then gave expression to his grief by these wailing
words: `As my take-home pay is only $1,758, there is no way for me to pay
maintenance to the petitioner in the sum of $2,800. For the past months, I
have been digging into my savings to pay the petitioner as well as borrowing
from banks and my present wife. In order to help me, my present wife has been
lending one part of her salary and even had to pawn her jewellery to help me.
My savings are now depleted and I cannot keep borrowing.`  
  
It should be remembered that the petitioner in November 1995 filed a complaint
against the respondent for failing to maintain the petitioner and the two
younger children of the marriage. The maintenance sum of $2,800 was originally
determined by the court after a long fray and by agreement was continued by
the divorce court. It shows that the respondent shirked his responsibility
even when he was in possession of considerable power and pelf as a substantial
shareholder in Bok Soon Hardware.  
  
The petitioner`s response to the application was that the respondent had
devised a scheme to do her out of her entitlement. To make out her case she
obtained four orders for discovery against the respondent and Bok Soon
Hardware. There was much revelation from the discovery. There was further
revelation when the company secretary and the sister of the respondent
attended before me and answered queries. These revelations clearly refuted the
respondent`s assertions. They showed that the contents of the documents
produced by the respondent did not bear out the truth. This requires an
explanation.  
  
When he transferred away his shareholding in Bock Soon Hardware, the
consideration stated in the transfer form was $110 per share. But then the
secretary in 1998 valued the shares at $1,755.89 each. In fact he received
nothing in return for the shares whose value was just shy of $3m. The
transferee, who was his brother, did not give any hardware in return as the
respondent alleged. The company, Bok Soon Hardware, gave goods with an invoice
value of some $850,000. The respondent paid nothing for them. It was apparent
that the respondent was not required to pay for them. It follows that the
documents in effect were a sham to create a false appearance to the outside
world. The true purpose was to protect the company from any claim on them by
the petitioner and present wife.  
  
Additionally, in April this year the respondent transferred 80,000 shares he
held in Bok Soon Holdings Pte Ltd to his brother Kuah Peng Ann. The
consideration stated in the transfer form was $80,000. He was the owner of
these shares when he made the application for reduction of the maintenance.
Yet he did not disclose this asset. The reason he gave for the non-disclosure
was that he was not paid anything for them. What is the same thing he made a
gift of them to his brother. This is another instance of the respondent giving
away an asset which would be subject to enforcement proceedings.  
  
There is another important piece of evidence. The petitioner held 100 shares
in a company called Stellite (S) Pte Ltd. As part of the property adjustment
order in the wake of the divorce the petitioner was ordered to relinquish them
at a value of $1,000. Documents disclosed at the hearing before me revealed
that the respondent`s sister-in-law (Madam Soh Lai Chan) was the purchaser of
the shares. The respondent collected $10,000 from Madam Soh and paid only
$1,000 to the petitioner and pocketed the difference of $9,000.  
  
The documents further established that the respondent holds membership in
Island Country Club, Chinese Swimming Club, Desaru Golf and Country Club and
Safra National Service Association. The Island Country club membership is a
marketable asset.  
  
It occurred to me that the respondent`s bank account statements from 1997
might give additional useful information about the way he handled his personal
finances, particularly his share of the proceeds of the matrimonial property.
Indeed there was an order compelling him to disclose those statements.
Notwithstanding that, he adamantly refused and failed to provide all the
statements. He produced some which were in his favour. He said he produced
whatever was in his possession. When told that he could easily have obtained
copies of the missing statements, his reply was that he had no time and, more
importantly, no money to obtain them. It was clear to me that all his excuses
were part of his general propensity to deceive the petitioner and the court.  
  
Having narrated the factual matrix of the case I shall proceed to rule on the
application. First, an interesting and important principle of law.  
  
It is a common and ancient practice of debtors to put away from the reach of
the law property which would otherwise be available to creditors and others to
whom they owe a monetary duty. To suppress such surreptitious motives, the
court was empowered to demolish such transfers and dispositions. The
Fraudulent Conveyance Act of 1671 which was passed in the reign of Queen
Elizabeth I provided, in effect, that all conveyances and dispositions of
property intended to delay, hinder or defeat monetary debts and duties shall
be void. The transferee will be protected only if he can show that he gave
fair consideration in good faith without notice of the design of the debtor.
Mala fides of both parties vitiated the transaction even if the transferee
gave consideration. This statutory empowerment was merely declaratory of what
was previously the common law provision. For `the law detests covin, and
therefore every covinous act shall be void`. The foundation of the principle
of law is that one must discharge his debts and duties to creditors before he
decides to be generous.  
  
It is now apt to read what Lord Mansfield CJ said about the doctrine of
fraudulent conveyance in **Cadogan v Kennett** [1776] 98 ER 1171 at 1172:

> _The principles and rules of the common law, as now universally known and
> understood, are so strong against fraud in every shape, that the common law
> would have attained every end proposed by the statutes 13 El c 5, and 27 El
> c 4. The former of these statutes relates to creditors only; the latter to
> purchasers. These statutes cannot receive too liberal a construction, or be
> too much extended in suppression of fraud._

> _The stat 13 El c 5, which relates to frauds against creditors, directs
> `that no act whatever done to defraud a creditor or creditors shall be of
> any effect against such creditor or creditors.` But then such a construction
> is not to be made in support of creditors as will make third persons
> sufferers. Therefore, the statute does not militate against any transaction
> bona fide, and where there is no imagination of fraud. And so is the common
> law. But if the transaction be not bona fide, the circumstance of its being
> done for a valuable consideration, will not alone take it out of the
> statute. I have known several cases where persons have given a fair and full
> price for goods, and where the possession was actually charged; yet being
> done for the purpose of defeating creditors, the transaction has been held
> fraudulent, and therefore void._

> _One case was, where there had been a decree in the Court of Chancery, and a
> sequestration. A person with knowledge of the decree, bought the house and
> goods belonging to the defendant, and gave a full price for them. The Court
> said, the purchase being with a manifest view to defeat the creditor, was
> fraudulent, and therefore, notwithstanding a valuable consideration void.
> So, if a man knows of a judgment and execution, and, with a view to defeat
> it, purchases the debtor`s goods, it is void: because, the purpose is
> iniquitous. It is assisting one man to cheat another, which the law will
> never allow. There are many things which are considered as circumstances of
> fraud. The statute says not a word about possession. But the law says, if
> after a sale of goods, the vendee continue in possession, and appear as the
> visible owner, it is evidence of fraud; because goods pass by delivery: but
> it is not so in the case of a lease, for that does not pass by delivery._

  
  
**_Twyne`s_ ** Case (1601) 76 ER 809 is an excellent illustration of the
doctrine. Pierce was indebted to Twyne in Â£400, and to Chamberlain in Â£200.
Chamberlain brought an action against Pierce. While the action was pending,
Pierce secretly made a general gift of all his property (which was worth about
Â£300) to Twyne, in satisfaction of his debt of Â£400. Pierce, however, still
continued in possession of the goods, selling some of them, and exercising
other acts of ownership over them, as if, in fact, no gift of them had been
made. Chamberlain obtained judgment in his action. Twyne resisted the
execution by Chamberlain, claiming under the gift to him. The Chief Justice,
and the whole Court of the Star Chamber held that the gift was fraudulent
within the Fraudulent Conveyance Act. Although there was apparently a
perfectly good and valuable consideration for the gift (it being made in
satisfaction of a debt exceeding the value of the property given), yet there
were such marks of fraud and mala fides as to avoid it, notwithstanding: see
**_Kerr on Fraud And Mistake_** (6th Ed) pp 274-275.  
  
When all the evidence, in particular the evidence of the respondent`s sister,
is evaluated, it was transparent that the transfer of the shares were tailor-
made to turn away the petitioner and perhaps the other woman he was about to
marry. He put away his shareholding in Bok Soon Hardware worth some $3m. He
gifted away his 80,000 shares in Bok Soon Holdings. And he failed to reveal
the documents which would inform the court what he did with some $700,000 that
he had received from the proceeds of the sale of the Mountbatten Road
matrimonial property. Accordingly, the petitioner has a strong prima facie
case to set aside the transfers and recover the outstanding maintenance.  
  
Enforcement, however, is not the matter before me. Nonetheless I would dismiss
the application for reduction on the simple reasoning that a husband who puts
away his property from the reach of his creditors disables himself from
seeking the assistance of the court because the change in circumstances is his
own creation. He must make adequate provision to meet his legal obligations
especially when they have crystalised in the form of an order of court. The
law will not lend a hand to anyone who seeks to take advantage of his own
wrong. The application, therefore, is dismissed with costs.  
  
**Outcome:**

Application dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Jul 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

