Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tiessen Trading Pte Ltd v Collector of Land Revenue  
[2000] SGCA 27

Case Number | : | CA 241/1998  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 May 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; L P Thean JA; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jimmy Yim SC and Ian de Vaz (Drew & Napier) for the appellants; Eric Chin Sze Choong and Tan Hee Jiok (State Counsel) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tiessen Trading Pte Ltd — Collector of Land Revenue   
  
Land – Compulsory acquisitions – Compensation payable – Land valuation –
Appeal against award by Land Acquisition Appeals Board – Appeal to Court of
Appeal only upon question of law – Whether issue of proper method of valuation
raises question of law – Whether appellants can appeal – s 29(2) Land
Acquisition Act (Cap 152, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

(delivering the grounds of judgment of the court): This was an appeal from the
decision of the Land Acquisition Appeals Board (`the Board`) ordering that a
sum of $5.2m be paid by the Collector of Land Revenue to the owners of Lot 172
Mukim 32 (`the subject land`). The subject land is situated on the island of
Pulau Ubin. It was compulsorily acquired by the government for the public
purpose of expanding the Outward Bound School`s training grounds and the
National Police Cadet Corps` camping site, as well as for the development of
an adventure and nature park pursuant to Notification No 2108 dated 5 June
1993 and published in Government Gazette No 27 on 11 June 1993.  
  
At the start of the hearing, counsel for the Collector raised a preliminary
objection concerning the appeal. After hearing arguments from both sides, we
upheld the preliminary objection and dismissed the appeal without listening to
any arguments on the substantive merits. We now give our reasons.  
  
**_The background facts_**

****

The subject land was derived from its parent lot, Lot 132 Mukim 32, which was
subdivided into two lots: Lot 171, measuring some 74,783 sq m; and the subject
land, being significantly larger in size and measuring around 1,254,252 sq m.  
  
Lot 171 was compulsorily acquired by the government on 20 August 1990.
Compensation in the amount of $248,800 or $3.30 per sq m (`psm`) was duly paid
out to the appellants. No dispute was raised by the appellants concerning the
compensation for this piece of land.  
  
The subject land meanwhile was a very large and irregularly-shaped piece of
land occupying nearly half of the island of Pulau Ubin. Most of the land,
about 1,210,752 sq m of it, was zoned `rural`, the permitted use of which was
agriculture. The remaining 43,500 sq m was zoned `mineral workings` in the
Master Plan. The topography of the subject land was largely hilly, comprising
of a total of five hills varying in height from 15m to 26m. The hills were
littered with old rubber trees and wild vegetation while the foothills were
covered with fruit trees. According to the facts as found by the Board, three
temples, three restaurants and approximately 62 dwelling houses lay scattered
on the foothills and along the slopes of the hills. More than 20% of the land
was covered with swamps, disused ponds and shallow waters.  
  
The parent lot, Lot 132, was originally owned by one Ng Eng Kiat. In 1973, Ng
submitted an application to the Planning Department proposing to build a
residential and holiday resort on both pieces of land. His application was
refused on the ground that the site fell within the rural zone of the Master
Plan and the policy then was not to allow the permanent development of such
land.  
  
In March 1979, Lot 132 was mortgaged to the Far Eastern Bank for $3m. More
than ten years later in December 1989, the mortgagee engaged a private valuer,
Knight Frank Cheong Hock Chye & Baillieu (Property Consultants) Pte Ltd, to
value Lot 132. The valuation yielded the following results:  
  

Open Market Value | : | $ | 3.25m | or | $ | 2.45 | psm  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Forced Sale Value | : | $ | 2.44m | or | $ | 1.84 | psm  
  
  
  
On 9 January 1990, the Far Eastern Bank, exercising its power of sale as
mortgagees, sold Lot 132 to one Swee Yew Seong for $3.5m. Swee in turn sold
the land to the appellants three days later on 12 January 1990 for $4m.  
  
One of the principal activities of the appellants was real estate development.
In April 1990, the appellants applied for planing permission to develop Lot
132 into a resort village comprising hilltop and waterfront condominium
housing, a golf course, sea sports centre, holiday chalets, youth hostels and
other ancillary facilities. Permission was denied on 17 May 1990 on the ground
that the site was affected by a public scheme. In June 1990, the appellants
applied for a licence to quarry Lot 132. This application was similarly
rejected. Thereafter nothing else was done by the appellants with Lot 132.  
  
Pursuant to the relevant Notification No 2108, the government acquired the
subject land on 11 June 1993.  
  
At the inquiry convened under s 10 of the Land Acquisition Act (Cap 152) (`the
LAA`), the appellants made a claim for $27,593,000 as compensation for the
acquisition of the subject land. They did not however produce any valuation
report in support thereof. Having considered the appellant`s claim and the
Chief Valuer`s advice, the Collector on 19 July 1994 awarded a sum of
$3,950,900 (or $3.15 psm) to the appellants as compensation.  
  
The appellants appealed to the Land Appeals Board against the Collector`s
award. Before the Board, their claim was raised to $32,497,296. After hearing
witnesses and arguments from both sides, the Board increased the amount
awarded to $5.2m (or $4.15 psm).  
  
The hearing before the Board centred on only one main issue of contention
between the parties, that is, the question of the proper method of valuation
of the subject land. It was not disputed that, according to s 33(1)(i)(B) of
the LAA, the relevant statutory date for assessing the market value of the
subject land was 1 January 1992. What the parties could not agree upon was the
proper method of valuation to be adopted in respect of the subject land.
Before the Board, the following two opposing methods of valuation were put
forward by the appellants and the Collector respectively:  
  
A **_The appellant`s method of valuation_**  
  
The appellant`s valuer was one Low Ser Seah, the managing director of Cosmo
Property Consultants Pte Ltd. He was a qualified valuer of some 29 years`
standing.  
  
Low`s method of valuing the subject land involved the comparison of the psm
price awarded for the subject land against that awarded for other pieces of
land on Pulau Ubin which were likewise compulsorily acquired under the same
Notification. The awards given for these other parcels of land were calculated
based on unit prices ranging from $18.54 psm to $22 psm, the lower unit prices
being for interior lands and the higher ones for lands with sea frontages. It
was accepted however that these other pieces of land were significantly
smaller in size as compared to the subject land, and that the awards given
were on the basis that those lands would be acquired with vacant possession.  
  
Nevertheless, the following valuation of $32,497,296 was submitted by Low:  
  

Rural Zone  
---  
Area | : | 1,210,752 sqm [commat] $23 psm | - | $ | 27,847,296  
(with vacant possession)  
Mineral Workings Zone  
Area | : | 43,500 sqm [commat] $120 psm | - | $ | 5,220,000  
(with vacant possession)  
Less | : | Compensation to 38 squatters at $15,000 each | - | $ | 570,000  
Final Valuation of the Land as at 1 January 1992 | - | $ | 32,497,296  
(reflecting an average of $25.91 psm subject to existing tenancies)  
  
  
  
B **_The Collector`s method of valuation_**  
  
The Collector`s valuation of the subject land was put forth by one Ms Chua
Beng Ee, a Senior Valuer in the Property Valuation & Assessment Division of
the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.  
  
Chua`s valuation report referred firstly to the transaction history between
end-1989 and mid-1993 of various small plots of rural land on Pulau Ubin. The
evidence revealed a unit price ranging from $7.53 psm to $40.19 psm. Chua
noted however that these lands were some 50 to 150 times smaller in size than
the subject land and were all sold with vacant possession. Moreover, much of
the subject land was also covered with swamps. Due to these differences, Chua
opined that the unit prices of the other pieces of land could not be used as
benchmarks against which the true market value of the subject land was to be
derived.  
  
Chua then referred to the transaction history of the subject land (and Lot
171) itself, which chronology of events has already been alluded to earlier in
this judgment. Chua formed the opinion that the two sale transactions
involving the subject land prior to 1 January 1992 were the best evidence of
the true market value of the land. The only adjustments which needed to be
made were for the rise in value of the subject land from January 1990 (ie the
time when the appellants purchased the land from Swee) to 1 January 1992 (ie
when the land was statutorily acquired), and for the exclusion of
redevelopment potential.  
  
Chua arrived at her valuation of $3,950,900 as follows:  
  

Price of Lot 132 in January 1990 | - | $ | 4,000,000  
---|---|---|---  
|  |  |   
Less: redevelopment potential | - | ($500,000)  
|  |  |   
Net Value of Lot 132 in January 1990 | - | $ | 3,500,000  
|  |  |   
Value of subject land in January 1990 | - | $ | 3,303,700  
|  |  |   
Add: increase in value (from 1990 to 1992) based on property price index (or PPI) for mainland Singapore [commat] 18.5% |   
Final Valuation of subject land as at 1 January 1992 | - | $ 3,950,900  
| (after rounding-off to $3.15 psm)  
  
  
  
**_The Board`s decision_ **

****

In essence, the Board accepted Chua`s valuation over Low`s. It found that the
subject land had to be valued as a whole on an encumbered basis. Low`s
valuation was rejected as the comparison with the various settled awards for
the other parcels of land on Pulau Ubin was not justified given the
differences in size, terrain and encumbrances. The primary features of
distinction in the subject land as highlighted by the Board included its huge
physical size, the fact that nearly 20% of it was covered with swamps and that
it was heavily encumbered with 62 huts, five temples and three restaurants.
Making the relevant adjustments to take into account these differences would
presumably be too onerous an exercise, resulting in huge margins of error. As
such, it was found that Chua`s approach of analysing the transaction history
of the subject land itself was a more appropriate and accurate method of
valuation in the circumstances. Two adjustments however were made to Chua`s
valuation. First, the Board found that the deduction of $500,000 by Chua in
valuing the land as at 12 January 1990 was not justified as the transaction
with Swee was an open market one conducted at arms length. Next, the Board
also found that the PPI of 18.5% used by Chua was inappropriate as the PPI was
an analysis of real property sales transactions in mainland Singapore. In the
Board`s opinion, land situated on Pulau Ubin was of a very different
character. Upon careful deliberation, the Board exercising its best judgment,
concluded that a 30% increase in the value of the land, transacted at $4m in
January 1990 was fair and reasonable. Thus, a sum of $5.2m was awarded by the
Board.  
  
**_The appeal_**

****

Before us, the appellants abandoned their claim for over $32m and instead
claimed compensation in the region of around $15m (or $12.33 psm) only. In
support of this however, they sought to advance generally the same argument
which they did before the Board, ie that the best method for determining the
market value of the subject land was to review both, the general trend of
price increases for all property transactions on Pulau Ubin between the period
1985 to 1992, and the awards made for the other parcels of land acquired by
the government under the same Notification. They contended that Chua`s method
of valuation, ie that of examining the transaction history of the subject land
itself, should not have been accepted by the Board.  
  
The respondent objected to the institution of the appeal on the ground that it
did not concern a question of law. In this connection, our attention was drawn
to s 29 of the LAA which provides, inter alia, as follows:

> _
>
> (1) Subject to this section, the decision of the Board shall be final.
>
> (2) In any case in which the award, as determined by the Board (excluding
> the amount of any costs awarded) exceeds $5,000, the appellant or the
> Collector may appeal to the Court of Appeal from the decision of the Board
> upon **_any question of law_**. [Emphasis added.]
>
> _

  
  
We agreed with counsel for the respondent. It was clear to us that the only
question raised in this appeal was that of the proper method of valuation of
the subject land. While this may safely be regarded as a question of quantum
or a question of fact, there was no doubt that it was certainly not a question
of law. In the English case of **Duke of Buccleuch v IRC** [1965] 3 WLR 977, a
case cited with approval in **Alagappa Chettiar v Collector of Land Revenue,
Kuala Lumpur** [1968] 1 MLJ 243  and which concerned the valuation of real
property for estate duty purposes, it was said by Danckwerts LJ that the best
price which could hypothetically have been obtained by the best reasonable
method at the time of the deceased`s death was a pure question of fact. His
Lordship remarked at p 992A of the judgment:

> _[t]hat seems to be to be a question of fact for the tribunal which can only
> be ascertained on expert evidence. It is not really a matter of law at all._

  
  
In our opinion, the above statement applied with full force to the case at
hand. Section 29(2) of the LAA was amended in 1966 to restrict the right of
appeals from awards made by the Board. Although the reasons for this change
are not documented in the published Parliamentary Debates, it is not difficult
to surmise that Parliament`s intention must have been to preserve the finality
of awards given by the Board in matters of compensation. Such a move was
indeed salutary, because it recognises that the Board, being comprised of
experienced and highly-qualified professionals in the field of land valuation
(the Board is made up of the Commissioner of Appeals and two assessors who are
selected from a panel of members appointed by the Minister), is the best
tribunal to decide on matters of valuation and for determining the true market
value of land. It is beyond question that land valuation is a highly-
specialised and complex subject necessitating expert study. It is an area in
which judges are neither well-equipped nor competent to deal with. As a
result, Parliament has deemed it fit to remove questions of the proper method
of valuation from the realm of the courts. Taking the present case for
example, two diametrically-opposing methods of valuing the subject land were
placed before us and we were asked to choose between them. In such a case, we
found it difficult to see how the Court of Appeal is in a better position than
the Board to rule on the issue when judges are neither trained nor tutored in
real estate valuation. Certainly where there is a question of law involved,
the highest court of the land would be more than competent and indeed even
duty-bound to rule on the issue and to correct or clarify any principle of law
applied by the inferior tribunal below. Indeed in such cases, it would be the
duty of the Court of Appeal to declare principles of law authoritatively in
order that they may be confidently applied by lower quasi-judicial or judicial
bodies in future. No such principle of law, however, was raised in the present
case. The question of the proper method of land valuation involves detailed
analyses of market trends, comparisons between different types of land and
their locality and a whole host of other complex variables which, in our view,
are more suited to be resolved by experts in the field itself. As such, we had
no doubt that the Board was the most appropriate final arbiter of the matter
in this case.  
  
Support for the view that questions of quantum only are not questions of law
can be found in the Select Committee Report on the proposed amendments to the
Land Acquisition Act in 1966. A large part of the debate at that time sprung
from the impliedly agreed assumption that the curtailment of the right of
appeal meant that the Board`s decision as far as quantum of the award was
concerned was final. Despite the recommendations of some members of the Select
Committee that the words `question of law` in cl 29 of the amendment bill be
deleted, this suggestion was not adopted in the final report of the Committee
which was presented to Parliament. As such, to have allowed the appellants to
proceed with the appeal in the instant case when the only question raised
herein related to the amount of compensation awarded not only ran counter to
Parliament`s intention but would also have the effect of rendering the
amendment to s 29 completely superfluous.  
  
We found most of the cases cited by the appellants to be unhelpful. In
particular, many of them emanated from Malaysia where a different regime
existed, at least up until 1997, in respect of challenges from awards made by
the Collector or the Land Administrator. We do not think it is necessary to
describe in detail the appeal procedures which pertain in Malaysia. Suffice it
to say that both the Malaysian Land Acquisition Act 1960 (on which the older
cases were based) and the Land Acquisition Act (1992 Rev Ed) (on which the
later cases are based) do not provide for appeals to a Land Appeals Board.
Instead, s 36 of both Acts provides for a regime by which the Collector or
Land Administrator may refer to the High Court any question as to, inter alia,
the apportionment of compensation for any right or interest in land. As for an
aggrieved land owner, he may apply to the High Court under s 37 raising an
objection as to `the amount of the compensation`. It has been stated that the
proceedings before the High Court are not in the nature of an appeal from the
Collector`s award, but are by way of original hearing. The onus thus lies upon
the applicant to satisfy the court that the amount of compensation awarded was
inadequate. The judge, assisted by the assessors, makes his own estimate of
the amount of compensation upon the evidence adduced before him: see
**Collector of Land Revenue v Alagappa Chettiar** [1971] 1 MLJ 43 . Any appeal
from the decision of the High Court was made to the Federal Court (under the
1960 Act) or to the Supreme Court (under the 1992 Act) as provided for in s 49
of both Acts. For our purposes, what is significant is that under s 49 of the
Malaysian statute, there is no limitation or restriction of the right of
appeal to questions of law only. In fact, the marginal note to s 49 states
specifically that the section is concerned with `[a]ppeal[s] from decision[s]
as to **_compensation_** `. As such, the Malaysian authorities relied on by
the appellants in this case must be viewed at in the light of the different
statutory regime which exists under the land acquisition legislation in
Malaysia.  
  
Mr Jimmy Yim SC for the appellants then sought to support his contention that
the instant appeal did in fact concern a question of law by quoting the
following phrase from the headnote of the English case of **_Duke of Buccleuch
v IRC_** (supra):

> _... that the Lands Tribunal had not erred in law..._

  
  
With respect, we could not agree with counsel`s argument. What he had done was
to pluck a singular phrase from the headnote of a long and complicated case
and then seek to interpret it out of its proper context. It will be seen that
the phrase as used in the headnote was really one made with reference to the
interpretation by the English Lands Tribunal of various provisions in the UK
Finance Act 1894 and the UK Finance (1909-1910) Act. More specifically, it was
a phrase made in response to the trustees` argument in that case that the
revenue commissioners had not complied with certain statutory requirements.
The case before us, on the other hand, concerned no such issue of statutory
interpretation. As such, the reliance by senior counsel on a solitary phrase
culled from the headnote of a case involving very different facts was entirely
misconceived.  
  
While it is not possible to lay down the precise scope of what qualifies as a
question of law, the law reports are nevertheless replete with certain trite
illustrations of such questions. Obvious examples include questions of the
interpretation or construction of a statute: see **Trustees of the Kheng Chiu
Tin Hou Kong and Burial Ground v Collector of Land Revenue (HDB)** [1992] 1
SLR 425  and **Collector of Land Revenue v Ang Thian Soo** [1990] SLR 11
[1990] 1 MLJ 327 ; cases in which there is a conflict of judicial authority;
and cases which involve some clear misdirection or misapplication of a legal
principle. In **_Alagappa Chettiar v Collector of Land Revenue_** (supra), it
was specifically held by the Federal Court of Malaysia that the ascertainment
of the market value of a piece of land is a question of fact for the tribunal
which can only be ascertained on expert evidence. Although the decision of the
Federal Court was eventually reversed by the Privy Council on appeal, no
criticism was made of this statement of principle. If anything, it was
implicitly accepted by the Privy Council that questions of valuation are
questions of fact, as a result of which it held that an appellate court should
be slow to interfere with awards given by a lower court. Any evidence
affecting or otherwise having a bearing on the choice of method should thus be
adduced before the tribunal below, and not on appeal. If there are cases in
the law reports in which questions of valuation appear to have been considered
on appeal, one can only surmise that the reason must have been because no
objection was raised by the respondents in those cases, or that the
restriction in s 29 was not brought to the court`s attention. In any event, Mr
Yim SC failed to cite to us any local authority in which an appellate court
had assumed jurisdiction to adjudicate on a question concerning the proper
method of valuation. In the absence of such authority, we had no doubt that
the appellants were not entitled to bring this appeal and we accordingly
upheld the preliminary objection and dismissed the appeal without hearing the
parties on the substantive merits of their respective cases.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 May 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

