Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Tan Tiew Guay (f) and Another  
[2000] SGHC 256

Case Number | : | CC 69/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 November 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jaswant Singh and April Phang [Attorney-General's Chambers] for the prosecution; Peter Fernando [Leo Fernando] (assigned) with Peter Ong [Thomas Loh Partnership] (assigned) for the first accused; Sng Kheng Huat [Sng & Co] (assigned) with Teo Choo Kee [Lee & Tan] (assigned) for the second accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Tan Tiew Guay (f); Chow Mun Fai   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Decision**

1\. The first accused, Tan Tiew Guay, is the wife of the second accused, Chow
Mun Fai. She is a 38-year old housewife and he a 31 year old who said that he
was an odd-job worker. They have three children, a son aged six, a daughter
who is five, and a son aged three who was given away when he was seven months
old. The accused couple owned a flat at Block 744, Woodlands (the "Woodlands
flat") jointly with Chow Mun Khuen one of Chow Mun Fai’s brothers. The couple
were arrested by officers of the Central Narcotics Bureau ("CNB") at 11.35pm
on 22 June 2000 in a lift at block 744, Woodlands. Their daughter was with
them at that time. Tan Tiew Guay was holding a red paper bag in which ten
sachets of heroin were recovered. The heroin in these ten sachets weighed
5.29g nett.

2\. The two accused were brought back to their flat in which more heroin were
found in the master bedroom. They were kept in two red plastic bags inside a
portable chest of drawers used by the couple to store their daughter’s
clothing and other belongings. The entire lot of heroin seized including those
from Tan Tiew Guay weighed a total of 23.21g nett. They were packed in
separate plastic sachets of roughly the same size. The total number of sachets
seized was 46 including the ten sachets carried by Tan Tiew Guay. The two
accused were tried before me on a joint charge of possession of the 46 sachets
of heroin for the purposes of trafficking.

3\. The prosecution adduced unchallenged evidence that Ong Choon Hong, a
sister-in-law of Chow Mun Fai was in the flat when the CNB officers entered
and she too was arrested. She was found to have been smoking amphetamines but
was otherwise not charged in connection with the two accused. The mother of
Chow Mun Fai testified that in April this year Chow Mun Fai asked her to open
a bank account at the Jurong Branch of the United Overseas Bank. She handed
the passbook and the ATM card to Chow Mun Fai and thereafter had nothing to do
with the account. On 22 June 2000 Tan Tiew Guay deposited $1500 into this
account at the bank’s branch at Ang Mo Kio on Chow’s instructions. The ATM
card was never recovered. Tan Tiew Guay had never seen the card.

4\. Chow Mun Fai’s defence was simple. Ten sachets of heroin were found on his
wife. He had no knowledge that she was carrying drugs. He testified that
although he was a co-owner of the flat he never lived there and never had the
keys to the flat. Tan Tiew Guay supported this evidence when she testified
that he would spend the night in the woodlands flat about once a week only and
did not have the keys to the flat. Chow Mun Fai claimed that he had no
knowledge that there were drugs in the master bedroom. Indeed, his case was an
outright denial of every bit of evidence which incriminated him. The inference
he wished to create was that unknown to him his wife was a secret heroin
trafficker. Tan Tiew Guay, on the other hand, admitted that she knew that her
husband was selling heroin from the Woodlands flat as well as his sister’s
flat at Ang Mo Kio. She also admitted that she knew that the bag she was
carrying at the time of her arrest contained heroin. However, she said that
she had nothing to do with Chow Mun Fai’s trafficking activities although she
confessed that she had been the one who purchased envelopes and plastic
sachets for him from the market. Her full story was as follows.

5\. She married Chow Mun Fai in 1994. Prior to her marriage she worked in a
lounge. She became a housewife after marriage. Her husband gave her a daily
allowance of $50 for herself and their daughter. Chow Mun Fai’s mother who
stayed at her daughter’s flat at Ang Mo Kio looked after their eldest child.
Tan Tiew Guay took her daughter daily to the playschool at Ang Mo Kio where
her elder son attended kindergarten. She would pick him up from her mother-in-
law and return him to her after school. That was her routine. Her sister-in-
law Ong Choon Hong stayed over at her Woodlands flat often but did not occupy
any specific room. She would sometimes rest in the master bedroom when Tan
Tiew Guay and Chow Mun Fai were not in because that was the only room with
air-conditioning. They had no telephone in the flat, but she and her husband
each had a handphone. She was the only one with keys to the flat. She admitted
that neither Chow Mun Fai nor Ong Choon Hong had keys to the flat.

6\. She did not know much of her husband’s activities outside home. She did
not know that he was the odd-job worker he claimed to be and thought that he
was unemployed all along. She regarded their relationship as good, and that he
treated her well. He, on the other hand, claimed that their relationship
became bad ever since she gave their third child away. When questioned, Tan
Tiew Guay said that at that time she had no choice as he did not give her
money and was never home. She admitted that most nights prior to their arrest
Chow Mun Fai would not be home. She did not know where he went.

7\. On 22 June 2000 Tan Tiew Guay rose from bed about 9am. Her husband was
awake but doing nothing in particular. Their daughter was asleep. She went out
and bought breakfast for Chow Mun Fai and Ong Choon Hong. When she returned,
she heard her husband talking with someone over the handphone. After the
conversation he handed her $1500 to her and asked her to deposit the money in
the bank account opened by his mother There was some discrepancy in her
evidence here in that she remembered going to the Woodlands branch but the
bank’s evidence was that the money was credited at the Ang Mo Kio branch. I do
not regard this as significant, nor do I think that she was untruthful. The
difference was immaterial to either prosecution or defence. Tan Tiew Guay went
window shopping with her daughter after going to the bank for Chow Mun Fai.
They returned to the flat between 4 and 5pm. Nothing significant took place
until after dinner. Tan Tiew Guay heard Chow Mun Fai talking to "Thomas",
later ascertained to be Toh Phee Lam ("DW2"). Ong Choon Hong also testified in
court that she heard Chow Mun Fai talking about being picked up by Thomas
later that evening. She was adamant under cross-examination from Mr. Sng,
counsel for Chow Mun Fai, that Chow Mun Fai said that Thomas was picking him
and not "them", referring to Tan Tiew Guay and Chow Mun Fai. As it transpired,
Thomas, originally a prosecution witness, was offered by the DPP Mr. Jaswant
Singh to the defence and Mr. Fernando called him on behalf of Tan Tiew Guay.
Thomas proved to be a witness who had no regard whatsoever to the oath that he
took to tell the truth. In his conditioned statement given to the CNB he
admitted buying heroin from Chow Mun Fai on 21 June 2000 at Ang Mo Kio. He
also stated that he had been to the Woodlands flat several times to buy and
smoke heroin. He stated that he only dealt with Chow Mun Fai. When he turned
hostile I granted Mr. Fernando leave to cross-examine him. He then divulged
that he was arrested in the evening of 22 June 2000. The CNB then asked him to
telephone Chow Mun Fai and say that he wanted to buy some more heroin. He did
as instructed. He also testified that late that evening he telephoned Chow Mun
Fai again to tell him to meet him downstairs with the heroin. Shortly after
that Chow Mun Fai left his flat with Tan Tiew Guay and were both arrested.
Thomas made a complete about turn when Mr. Sng cross-examined him and
virtually denied all drug related association with Chow Mun Fai. His evidence
that he telephoned Chow Mun Fai and arranged to meet him at the time of Chow
Mun Fai’s arrest was important. It corroborated the evidence of Tan Tiew Guay
and Ong Choon Hong, and was not challenged by the prosecution. I have no doubt
that that was what occurred and that the meeting was arranged between Thomas
and Chow Mun Fai, contrary to Chow Mun Fai’s denial.

8\. I revert to Tan Tiew Guay’s testimony. She said that late in the evening
of 22 June she saw Chow Mun Fai pack ten sachets of heroin into the red paper
bag and left it on the bed. She was then playing with her daughter. She tucked
in a small packet of tissue paper into the bag for him to use because he never
carried handkerchiefs. He asserted the converse – that he only used
handkerchiefs. The investigating officer produced the effects seized from Chow
Mun Fai. A handkerchief was not one of the items, but I do not regard this as
significant as the case might be if one was found. I move on. As he was
leaving the flat about 11.30pm she told him that she was going downstairs to
buy "Milo" for their daughter. She replied under cross-examination that this
was the nightly packet of "Milo" her daughter takes. The couple and their
daughter then left the flat together. Tan Tiew Guay had the keys and was
locking up while Chow Mun Fai waited at the lift with their daughter. When she
joined them at the lift Chow asked her to carry the paper bag with the heroin.
That was how she came to be arrested with the drugs in her possession.

9\. Ong Choon Hong and Tan Tiew Guay had both testified that they had seen
people coming to the Woodlands flat to buy heroin from Chow Mun Fai. Tan Tiew
Guay had seen Chow Mun Fai bring home the heroin which he packed and then kept
in the two red plastic bags in the portable chest of drawers. I am satisfied
beyond any reasonable doubt that all the heroin found in the flat and on Tan
Tiew Guay belonged to Chow Mun Fai who was trafficking in heroin. Possession
is a state of affairs encompassing time, space, knowledge and control. A man
who has 10g of heroin in his left pocket and 10g in his right pocket has
possession of 20g. Viewed individually, of course, he has 10g in each pocket
but he cannot be heard to say that he is entitled to be charged with two
separate charges of possession of 10g each. That is a matter of the
prosecutor’s discretion. If the discretion is exercised for the sake of
sparing the accused from facing a capital charge then that will be to his good
fortune. But if it is to compel the accused to defend two charges at a single
trial then the prosecution will assume the practical and legal difficulties,
if any, from this course. In such a case, the court may also amalgamate the
two charges into one. It follows that the same will be true if the two lots of
heroin are found, not in the two pockets of the accused, but in two places of
occupation, say one in his workplace and one in his home, or as in this case,
one in his bag and one in his room. They are all in his possession at the same
time frame within the meaning of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

10\. In the present case, I accept Tan Tiew Guay’s evidence, notwithstanding
inconsistencies in her testimony. Although two of the arresting officers,
Insp. Neo and Cpl. Rajkumar have signed conditioned statements with the
identical line, "Upon questioning, Tan Tiew Guay acknowledged ownership of the
exhibits seized", they were unable to recall the exact answer given by Tan
Tiew Guay. Acknowledgment of ownership is a conclusion that is for the court
to find. In some circumstances, the court may take the officers’ opinion into
account, but in the present case, It appears that that statement was cited to
correspond with Tan Tiew Guay’s own written statement that she had stated that
the bag "was mine" when asked by the officers at the lift, but she added that
she did not know why she said it. In court she stated that she had said "My
husband asked me to hold it". Her young daughter was with her at the time of
the arrest and was crying. She might not have recalled what she had said or
why she said it. I would give the benefit of the doubt to her. The question
is, on her own evidence, what offence, if any did she commit? She had
acknowledged that her husband was selling heroin and she knew that she was
carrying heroin at the time of her arrest. I can imagine how difficult it may
be for wives of men like Chow Mun Fai to resist the dictates of their husbands
and yet hope to maintain a peaceful, if not happy, existence with them, but
that offers no legal excuse to any transgression of law on their part. The
indisputable fact was that Tan Tiew Guay was in possession of ten sachets of
heroin. I accept her evidence, however, that she was only going out to buy
"Milo" with her daughter whereas Chow Mun Fai was going to deliver the heroin.
I accept Tan Tiew Guay’s evidence that her husband asked her to hold the paper
bag with the heroin in it. The evidence suggests that she was only holding it
for a brief moment and clearly intended to hand them back to him. I am
satisfied that in the circumstances she had rebutted the presumption of
trafficking as indeed she did not have any intention other than to hold the
bag until they reach the ground floor. There was no evidence, for example,
that she was to make the delivery to Thomas. I have no doubt that all the
drugs belong to Chow Mun Fai. I do not think that Tan Tiew Guay was co-owner
of those drugs. Neither do I think that she was a participant in trafficking
drugs with him in the "Bonnie and Clyde" fashion, or any like manner, such as
to make her equally guilty of the joint charge. There was no evidence that she
helped him pack the drugs or deliver the drugs in question, or generally. She
might have purchased the plastic sachets for him which he subsequently used to
pack his drugs, but I find no intention on her part in this particular case of
buying the sachets as a partner in crime, and I would give her the benefit of
the possibility that she bought those sachets as a dutiful partner in
marriage. The impression I had formed of her in the course of the trial is
that she was a wife who knew of her husband’s nefarious deeds but had regarded
them as his business. She regards her role as looking after the child and
tending to the meals of those who live with her. I find that she was not in
possession of the heroin in the flat and was not trafficking in drugs. The
offence she committed was the offence of possession of the 5.29g of heroin
that she was carrying at the time of her arrest.

11\. Chow Mun Fai was an entirely different matter. Mr. Fernando described him
as a wicked man - a description that was not difficult to agree with, but
adjectives are unnecessary. Chow Mun Fai’s conduct spoke for itself. He was
prepared to send his wife to the gallows for his sins, and the possibility of
condemning his young children to the orphanage by that same act (should his
own defence fail as well) also could not have been far from his mind. He made
use of his family to shield him from his crime. The financial transactions
from the sale of heroin were effected through a bank account opened in the
name of his mother. He used his wife and sister-in-law to deposit money in
that account for him. He used his mother’s flat at Ang Mo Kio and his
Woodlands flat as drug markets; all the while deliberately, in my view,
refusing to hold the keys to his home flat. He even stayed elsewhere most of
the time. He made his brother deliver money to his drug supplier "Ah Xiao" in
Malaysia. He laid the groundwork for what seemed to him a perfect defence to
possession - he was never home; he never had the key to the flat; the flat was
used by various people including his sister-in-law Ong Choon Hong. I accept
Ong as a credible witness and I believe her evidence that she had warned Chow
Mun Fai not to have people over to buy heroin at the flat.

12\. It was also Chow Mun Fai’s callousness which exposed one disadvantage of
s 124 of the Evidence Act in a situation such as the present. S 124 reads as
follows:

> "No person who is or has been married shall be compelled to disclose any
> communication made to him during marriage by any person to whom he is or was
> married; nor shall he be permitted to disclose any such communication unless
> the person who made it or his representative in interest consents, except in
> suits between married persons or proceedings in which one married person is
> prosecuted for any crime committed against the other".

This provision was intended to protect a spouse from being condemned by the
testimony of the other in respect of words exchanged between them in the
sanctity and sanctuary of marriage. It was clearly not envisaged by the
legislature that this provision would be used by someone like Chow Mun Fai in
the way he did. His wife stood jointly with him facing a capital charge. She
needed to explain what he had said to her in order to exculpate herself and
prove her innocence; but he refused to give his consent for that evidence to
be adduced. It was no different from refusing to throw the life-buoy in his
hands to his drowning wife. Learned counsel Mr. Jaswant and Mr. Fernando
accepted the effect of s 124 as interpreted by the Court of Appeal _in Lim Lye
Hock v PP_ _[1995] 1 SLR 238_ , and withdrew from further inquiry thus we do
not have the benefit of evidence which may (or may not) have further enhanced
Tan Tiew Guay’s defence. In this case, the exclusion of evidence, if any, was
not critical (so far as the capital charge was concerned) because I have found
that she was not guilty as charged, but on a lesser charge on other evidence.
In the unusual circumstances of this case, I am doubtful whether the court is
entitled to consider Chow Mun Fai’s refusal to consent to his wife’s divulging
evidence of their conversations, and take that refusal into account as one of
the adverse factors against him when deciding whether or not he had rebutted
the presumption. Therefore, to his undeserved benefit, the conclusion in law
that I will draw from his refusal is that there was nothing in the
conversations that could assist him in his defence. However, I would have
preferred the broader interpretation that the court may at its discretion draw
inferences including adverse inferences when a spouse refuses to give his
consent in such cases, but this was not put in issue before me as counsel
withdrew after Chow Mun Fai’s refusal.

13\. In coming to the findings as I did, I was aware of my duty to consider
whether Chow Mun Fai’s case could reasonably be true, for it would be as great
a travesty of justice to send him to the gallows in place of Tan Tiew Guay if
he was telling the truth. The evidence, however, failed him, and his own
testimony after cross-examination by counsel revealed him to be a thoroughly
untruthful witness. His assertion that he did not have the UOB bank book after
the account was opened by his mother for him was refuted by evidence not only
from his mother, but also his wife and sister-in-law who testified that they
deposited money for him on 22 June 2000. Mr. Fernando and Mr. Jaswant pointed
out to Chow Mun Fai that in June alone, some $27,000 were deposited into his
UOB account, and the record showed that whenever a sum was deposited, it was
withdrawn by means of the ATM card on the very same day. Chow Mun Fai’s only
response was that he knew nothing about all these transactions, and made a
feeble attempt to suggest that the money came from his consistent good fortune
at the lottery. He denied making his statement recorded on 29 June 2000 and
admitted as P45 because it contradicted many of his denials made in court. He
did so by first denying that he signed at two of the three places which his
signature appeared. When the interpreter Mr. Wu Nan Yong was called to
corroborate the recording officer’s evidence, Chow Mun Fai instructed his
counsel to challenge Mr. Wu’s evidence by alleging that he was not conversant
with Mr. Wu’s form of the Cantonese dialect. He also alleged that Mr. Wu
scolded him and verbally abused his mother. I do not find any of these
allegations to be credible at all.

14\. Finally, I considered Mr. Jaswant’s submission that Tan Tiew Guay was an
accomplice to Chow Mun Fai. In my view, evidence does not justify a finding
that she was in possession of all the heroin seized from the flat – only those
that she was carrying at the time of her arrest, and had done so only as a
bailee for the briefest of moment. Accordingly, I found Tan Tiew Guay guilty
of possession of 5.29g of heroin. In the circumstances of the case, I think
that a sentence of 8 months imprisonment to be adequate. I found Chow Mun Fai
guilty of possession of all the 23.21g of heroin for the purposes of
trafficking and sentenced him to suffer death.

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Nov 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

