Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Steelmet Pte Ltd v APL Co Pte Ltd and Another  
[2000] SGHC 252

Case Number | : | Suit 1736/1999, RA 600283/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 November 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Yang Lih Shyng with Goh Yin Dee (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the plaintiffs; Loo Dip Seng with Goh Seng Chee (Ang & Partners) for the defendants; Toh Kian Sing (Rajah & Tann) for the interveners   
Parties | : |  Steelmet Pte Ltd — APL Co Pte Ltd; P & O Nedlloyd B V   
  
application for summary judgment and the defendants filed an application for
an order that the plaintiffs’ statement of claim be struck out as disclosing
no reasonable cause of action or as being scandalous, vexatious or frivolous.
The plaintiffs’ application for summary judgment was dismissed with costs
whilst the defendants’ application succeeded. The plaintiffs’ statement of
claim be struck out and the plaintiffs were given liberty to apply to amend
their writ and statement of claim by 31 August 2000 failing which the action
would stand dismissed. The plaintiffs appealed against both rulings.

**

Held

**, dismissing the appeal:

(1) It was not clear what title the plaintiffs had in the goods after they
endorsed the bills of lading in favour of the various banks. The documents
they submitted showed a sale to the banks. This would mean that title to the
goods would have passed to the banks at the same time. The banks and not the
plaintiffs owned the goods. The position vis--vis the banks was not entirely
explained and there was the possibility that the documents had been endorsed
as security for advances rather than in order to pass title pursuant to the
sale. If that was the case, then as the plaintiffs submitted, whilst the banks
would have special property rights in the documents, the plaintiffs would
retain their general property rights. Such general property rights would not,
on the law, entitle the plaintiffs to immediate possession of the goods. It
would therefore be the bank who had the immediate right to possession of the
goods. Even if the plaintiffs retained the general property in the goods and
the banks only acquired a special property in them for security purposes, it
is clear that the persons with the right of possession would be the banks (See
14 – 17).

(2) The legal position is that to sue for conversion, it is not enough to be
the owner of the goods at the time the suit is commenced; you must also be the
person who had the right to possess the goods at the time they were converted
or mis-delivered. In this case, the plaintiffs did not have an immediate right
to possession of the goods at any time between 26 March 1999 and, at least,
the end of October 1999. On 26 March, they endorsed the bills of lading to the
three banks either on a sale or as security. It would therefore be the latter
who had the immediate right to possession of the goods (See 18 and 19).

**

Legislation referred to

**

Bills of Lading Act (Cap 384) s 52

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

**

Background

**

1\. In early 1999, the plaintiffs, a Singapore company, contracted to sell
1,900 bales of cotton knitted fabrics to an American buyer on CIF terms. It
was agreed that the goods were to be sent to Port-au-Price, Haiti and the
documents forwarded to the buyer who would pay for them on sight of the
documents.

2\. In February 1999, the goods were shipped on board two vessels at
Singapore. By the eight bills of lading issued in respect of the goods, the
defendants, their servants and/or agents, acknowledged their shipment on board
the respective vessels and undertook to carry the goods for reward from
Singapore to Port-au-Prince, Haiti. For a reason that was not explained,
although both shipments had been effected in February, six of the bills of
lading were dated 22 March 1999 whilst the remaining two were dated 26 March
1999. The plaintiffs were named as the shippers of the goods on the bills of
lading whilst the consignee was ‘To order’ and the notify party was named as
‘Haiti Evans Corp’.

3\. The plaintiffs did not deal directly with the buyers in order to obtain
payment for the goods. Instead, they dealt with three sets of banks in
Singapore to whom on 26 March 1999 they submitted their invoices, the original
bills of lading , drafts drawn on the buyers and other relevant documents.
These banks were Indian Overseas Bank, UCO Bank, Singapore and Bank of India,
Singapore.

4\. The plaintiffs submitted four sets of bills of lading and accompanying
documents to UCO Bank together with a UCO Bank standard form by which they
indicated that the documents were being submitted ‘as collateral for an
advance’. At the same time, the four bills of lading were endorsed by the
plaintiffs to the order of UCO Bank. Three sets of bills of lading and
accompanying documents were submitted to Indian Overseas Bank under cover of a
form which stated that these documents were submitted for purchase subject to
final payment. The bills of lading were endorsed to the order of Indian
Overseas Bank. The eighth and final set of documents was submitted to Bank of
India under cover of a similar form stating that the purpose of the submission
was ‘For purchase subject to final payment’ and the bill of lading was
endorsed to the order of the said bank.

5\. The three banks then forwarded the respective documents in their
possession to the buyers’ bank, Broadway National Bank (‘Broadway’), in New
York, for the purpose of collecting the payment due for the goods. The bills
of lading were endorsed in favour of Broadway by the respective Singapore
banks. No payment was received for some months and, in October and November
1999, the Singapore banks wrote to the New York bank to enquire whether the
bills drawn by the plaintiffs on the buyer had been paid. In November 1999,
Broadway replied to state that payment had not been received.

6\. In the meantime, the plaintiffs made enquiries with the defendants’ local
freight forwarding agent on the status of the goods. They were informed that
all the goods had arrived at Haiti on dates at the end of March and in early
April 1999. The plaintiffs subsequently discovered that the goods had been
released to the notify party, Haiti Evans Corp, without production of the
original bills of lading. The plaintiffs then sought to recover the bills of
lading.

7\. On 17 November 1999, Broadway forwarded four bills to UCO Bank which
apparently received them on 22 November 1999\. There is no evidence in the
affidavits as to when these documents were in turn received by the plaintiffs.
On 3 December 1999, Broadway forwarded three bills to Indian Overseas Bank
which received them on 9 December 1999. These were apparently collected by the
plaintiffs on 17 December 1999. The final bill of lading was forwarded to Bank
of India by Broadway on 15 December 1999 and received by Bank of India on 20
December 1999. All the bills have now been re-endorsed in favour of the
plaintiffs.

**

The proceedings

**

8\. On 13 December 1999, the plaintiffs commenced this action against the
defendants. The indorsement of claim on the writ described the plaintiffs’
claim against the defendants as being for damages for breach of contract
and/or duty as bailees and/or negligence of and/or conversion by the
defendants in respect of the, inter alia, discharge and/or delivery of the
plaintiffs’ cargo under the said bills of lading which breach resulted in loss
and/or damage and/or mis-delivery and/or conversion of the cargo and
consequential losses and damages being incurred by the plaintiffs as the
owners of the cargo and/or the lawful holders of the bills of lading.

9\. The defendants entered an appearance to the action in March 2000 and on 28
April, the defendants filed their statement of claim. In the statement of
claim, the plaintiffs asserted that they were, at all material times, the
owners of the cargo shipped on the two vessels and/or the consignees and/or
the lawful holders of the eight bills of lading. They went on to plead that
the defendants were under a duty to the plaintiffs as bailees and/or carriers
and/or possessors for reward under the contract of carriage contained in or
evidenced by the aforesaid bills of lading to deliver the goods at Port-au-
Prince, Haiti, upon presentation of the bills of lading in the same quantity
or amount as they were shipped.

10\. By para 5, the plaintiffs asserted that it was an express and/or implied
term of the contract of carriage that the defendants would only deliver the
goods against surrender and/or presentation of the original bills of lading.
In paras 6 and 7, the plaintiffs averred that in breach of contract and/or
duty as bailees, the defendants failed to deliver the goods to the plaintiffs
at Port-au-Prince, Haiti and/or had delivered them to Haiti Evans Corp or
unknown third parties who were not entitled the same and had thereby
wrongfully converted the goods and unlawfully interfered with the plaintiffs’
right to immediate possession of the goods.

11\. In May, the plaintiffs filed an application for summary judgment. Two
months later, the defendants filed an application for an order that the
plaintiffs’ statement of claim be struck out as disclosing no reasonable cause
of action or as being scandalous, vexatious or frivolous. Both applications
were heard by the Senior Assistant Registrar on 15 August. In the result, the
plaintiffs’ application for summary judgment was dismissed with costs whilst
the defendants’ application succeeded. The order made was that the plaintiffs’
statement of claim be struck out and the plaintiffs were given liberty to
apply to amend their writ and statement of claim by 31 August 2000 failing
which the action would stand dismissed. The plaintiffs appealed against both
rulings.

12\. The appeals came on for hearing before me. Since the plaintiffs’ appeal
on the application for summary judgment could not proceed unless they were
successful in their appeal against the striking out order, the first appeal
was adjourned sine die with liberty to restore. I then heard the appeal
against the striking out order. I dismissed this appeal with costs. The
plaintiffs are dissatisfied with my decision.

**

Arguments presented on appeal

**

13\. The defendants’ original application was premised on the ground that the
plaintiffs at all material times had no rights to the immediate possession or
delivery of the goods alleged to have been converted or wrongly delivered by
the defendants. This was because when the alleged mis-deliveries took place on
30 and 31 March 1999 and on 12 April 1999, the plaintiffs were not in
possession of those eight bills of lading and as such were in no position to
call for the delivery of the goods to them on those dates. Further, the
plaintiffs had no title to sue because at the time of commencement of the
action ie 13 December 1999, they were not the lawful holders of the bills of
lading. Below, the plaintiffs contested both those assertions.

14\. On appeal, however, the plaintiffs conceded that when the writ was filed,
they had no title to sue under the Bills of Lading Act (Cap 384) (‘the Act’)
as they were not then the ‘holder’ of the eight bills of lading as defined by
s 52 of the Act. They also conceded that mere ownership of goods would not
give them title to sue the carrier. The plaintiffs submitted, however, that
even though they did not have title to sue under the contract of carriage, as
owners of the goods they had a right to sue the defendants in tort for
negligence (para 8 of the statement of claim), independent of the contract of
carriage contained in the bills of lading. In view of the existence of such
claim in negligence, the action should not have been struck out.

15\. The plaintiffs relied on the well established principle that the legal
owner or person with possessory title to goods at the time of the tort
complained of can sue. They submitted that at the time the defendants
negligently mis-delivered the goods, they were the legal owners or persons
with possessory title to the goods. In April 1999, when the negligent release
of the goods took place, all eight bills of lading were lying with the
Broadway for collection. Broadway was the collection agent of the three
Singapore banks. Of the eight bills of lading, three had been purchased by
Indian Overseas Bank and four by UCO Bank on terms which allowed them to have
recourse to the plaintiffs. The remaining bill of lading had been handed to
Bank of India for collection. The plaintiffs submitted that notwithstanding
their sale of the seven bills to the banks concerned, they still have property
in the goods and were entitled to possession of the goods. They submitted that
since the sale had been ‘with recourse’ ie meaning that the two banks
concerned could require them to repurchase the documents, they retained the
general property in the goods and Indian Overseas Bank and UCO Bank only
acquired a special property in the goods for security purposes.

16\. I had some doubt as to what title the plaintiffs had in the goods after
they endorsed the bills of lading in favour of the various banks. The
documents they submitted appeared, to me, to show a sale to the banks. This
would mean that title to the goods would have passed to the banks at the same
time. The fact that the banks had purchased ‘with recourse’ meant that the
banks could require the plaintiffs to repurchase the documents from them. If
the banks exercised that right and the repurchase took place, title would then
pass back to the plaintiffs. Until then, however, it appeared to me that the
banks and not the plaintiffs owned the goods. The position vis--vis the banks
was not entirely explained and there was the possibility that the documents
had been endorsed as security for advances rather than in order to pass title
pursuant to the sale. If that was the case, then as the plaintiffs submitted,
whilst the banks would have special property rights in the documents, the
plaintiffs would retain their general property rights.

17\. The position therefore appeared to be that either the plaintiffs were not
the owners of the goods between 26 March 1999 and whenever it was in
November/December 1999 when the bills of lading were re-endorsed to them, or
that during this period the plaintiffs had, at the most, retained general
property rights which were subject to the special property rights of the
banks. Such general property rights would not, on the law, entitle the
plaintiffs to immediate possession of the goods.

18\. The legal position is that to sue for conversion it is not enough to be
the owner of the goods at the time the suit is commenced: you must also be the
person who had the right to possess the goods at the time they were converted
or mis-delivered. The applicable principles are well set out in the following
paragraphs from _Clerk & Lindsell on Torts_ (17th Ed):

> > ‘**13-51 Plaintiff must have possession or immediate right to
> possession**. The general rule is that a person has title to sue for
> conversion if and only if he had, at the time of the conversion, either
> actual possession or the immediate right to posses. It is not necessary to
> prove a title of absolute ownership, and indeed the owner may not sue unless
> he either possesses or has the immediate right to possess. So a purchaser of
> goods in whom the title is vested cannot sue for conversion until he pays or
> tenders the price and thus becomes entitled to possession. Conversely, there
> is no reason why one with an interest less than ownership, such as a pledgee
> or the owner of an undivided half-share, should not sue in conversion.
>>

>> **13-52 Plaintiff’s right must exist at the time of conversion**. The right
on which the plaintiff relies must have existed _at the time of the alleged
conversion_ : a right to the goods obtained at some other time will not
suffice. Thus in _The Future Express_ the buyer of a cargo of wheat agreed
with his bank that bills of lading should be made out to the bank’s order and
put in its hands as soon as they arrived from the sellers. The buyer
subsequently persuaded the carriers, with the assent of the sellers, to
deliver direct to him. He took the cargo, sold it and decamped with the
proceeds. Later still the sellers sent the bills of lading to the bank. The
Court of Appeal held that the bank could not sue the carriers in conversion
for delivering contrary to the terms of the bill of lading; at the time that
delivery took place, the bank had no right whatever in the goods.

>>

>> ...

>>

>> **13-77 Immediate right to possession**. As mentioned above, an owner
cannot sue in conversion unless he shows either possession or an immediate
right to it. Thus if goods are let or pledged, the hirer or pledgee, as the
case may be, has the exclusive custody and consequently the sole right of
action until the contract is determined. In such cases, therefore, the owner
has no right of possession, and cannot sue in conversion. If goods are held
subject to a lien, the owner’s right is of necessity excluded, and the
possessor is therefore the only person who can bring the action. If a chattel
is mortgaged on the terms that until default it shall be lawful for the
mortgagor to hold and enjoy the chattel, the mortgagee cannot maintain
trespass or conversion before default, since he has no present right of
possession.’****

19\. In this case, the plaintiffs did not have an immediate right to
possession of the goods at any time between 26 March 1999 and, at least, the
end of October 1999. On 26 March, they endorsed the bills of lading to the
three banks either on a sale or as security. It would therefore be the latter
who had the immediate right to possession of the goods. Even if, as the
plaintiffs submitted, the plaintiffs retained the general property in the
goods and the banks only acquired a special property in them for security
purposes, it is clear from the extract from _Clerk & Lindsell_ that the
persons with the right of possession would be the banks. In my judgment, the
plaintiffs did not have the right to sue the defendants in tort for conversion
of the goods in March and/or April 1999. Their appeal therefore had to be
dismissed.

Sgd:

JUDITH PRAKASH  
JUDGE

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Nov 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

