Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Christopher S/O M P Nathan  
[2000] SGHC 43

Case Number | : | CC 18/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 March 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Low Cheong Yeow and Jill Tan (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Accused in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Christopher S/O M P Nathan   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

__

__**GROUNDS OF JUDGMENT**

1 The Accused conducted his own defence. He could speak and read English. He
was tried and convicted on each of the following seven Charges:

> "That you, **CHRISTOPHER s/o M P NATHAN**

**

> _
>
> _

**1 ST CHARGE on or about the 4th day of June 1999, at about 3.00 am, at the
staircase landing between the 2nd and 3rd floor of Blk 183 Toa Payoh Central,
Singapore, did rape one Cheng Lay Peng, a female then 26 years old, and in
order to commit the said offence, you put the said Cheng Lay Peng in fear of
hurt to herself, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
section 376(2)(b) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224. _

**2 ND CHARGE**

_ on or about 4th day of June 1999, at about 4.30 am, below the spiral
staircase of Block 17A, Lorong 7 Toa Payoh, Singapore, did rape one Cheng Lay
Peng, a female then 26 years old, and in order to commit the said offence, you
put the said Cheng Lay Peng in fear of hurt to herself, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under section 376(2)(b) of the Penal Code,
Chapter 224\. _**

3 RD CHARGE

**_ on or about 4th day of June 1999, at about 2.15 am, along the passageway
outside the 7-Eleven store of Block 190, Toa Payoh Central, Singapore, did
pretend to hold the office of a public servant, to wit, a police officer, and
in such assumed character did question one Cheng Lay Peng, a female then 26
years old, under the colour of such office and you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under section 170 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224. _**

4 TH CHARGE

**_ on or about 4th day of June 1999, at about 2.30 am, at the staircase
landing between the 2nd and the 3rd floor of Block 183, Toa Payoh Central,
Singapore, did use criminal force on one Cheng Lay Peng, a female, then 26
years old, intending to outrage the modesty of the said Cheng Lay Peng, to
wit, touching her body by inserting your hands into her bermuda shorts’
pockets and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 354
of the Penal Code, Chapter 224. _**

5 TH CHARGE

**_ on or about 4th day of June 1999, at about 4.45 am, below the spiral
staircase of Block 17A, Lor 7 Toa Payoh, Singapore, did use criminal force on
one Cheng Lay Peng, female, then 26 years old, intending to outrage the
modesty of the said Cheng Lay Peng, to wit, by making her grip your penis and
you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 354 of the
Penal Code, Chapter 224. _**

6 TH CHARGE

**_ on or about 4th day of June 1999, at about 4.45 am, below the spiral
staircase of Block 17A, Lor 7 Toa Payoh, Singapore, did use criminal force on
one Cheng Lay Peng, female, then 26 years old, intending to outrage the
modesty of the said Cheng Lay Peng, to wit, by rubbing your penis against her
mouth and in order to commit this offence, you voluntarily caused wrongful
restraint to the said Cheng Lay Peng, and you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under Section 345A(1) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224. _**

7 TH CHARGE

**_ on or about 4th day of June 1999, at about 4.45 am, below the spiral
staircase of Block 17A, Lor 7 Toa Payoh, Singapore, did voluntarily have
carnal intercourse against the order of nature with one Cheng Lay Peng,
female, then 26 years old, to wit, by forcing her to perform an act of
fellatio on you and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
Section 377 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224."

2 The 6th Charge originally alleged that he had "voluntarily caused hurt" but
that was amended at the close of the case for the Defence to "voluntarily
caused wrongful restraint".

_

THE PROSECUTION’S CASE

_

3 The Complainant is 26 years old and single. She resides in the public
housing estate of Toa Payoh with her parents and two sisters. The Complainant
had formal education up to Primary 6 level. She was able to speak in simple
English but was more fluent in Mandarin.

4 After completing her primary school education, she did not look for
employment until some three years later. She then worked in various factories
until about six years ago when she stopped working altogether as she could not
cope with her work. She has been unemployed since that time.

5 A psychological assessment of her intellect conducted by Dr Helen Chen of
Woodbridge Hospital in June 1999 revealed that "she was functioning in the
borderline range of intelligence". The doctor also opined that "her
understanding of sexual intercourse and contact is fairly adequate, and she is
fully competent to give consent to sexual intercourse".

6 On 3 June 1999, the Complainant was watching television in her Toa Payoh
flat. At around 9 pm, she felt hungry and decided to go to Kopitiam (a food
centre) at the Meridien Hotel in Orchard Road as many of the food stalls in
her neighbourhood were already closed. She travelled by the Mass Rapid Transit
to the Somerset Station and then walked to the Meridien Hotel.

7 She spent about one and a quarter hours at the food centre. After having her
meal, she had only some coins left. Although it was around midnight by then,
she decided to walk all the way home to Toa Payoh. She had done this more than
ten times previously and thought it was alright for her to do so again that
night. The long trek home finally brought her to the bus interchange at Block
190 Toa Payoh Central.

8 It was about 2 am on 4 June 1999 by then. Feeling thirsty after the long
walk from Orchard Road, the Complainant went into the 7-Eleven shop at Block
190 to purchase a packet of drink with the coins that she had. She then went
out of the shop.

9 When she was outside the shop, the Accused (who was unknown to her then)
asked her in English why she was rushing out and whether she had paid for the
drink. She replied that she had. He then flashed a pink card at her. The card
had the words "Tanglin Police" on it. The Accused told her he worked in a
police station and that he suspected that she had stolen things from the
7-Eleven shop. He then pulled her by the arm as he walked away from the shop.
She tried to push his hand away but he only held her arm more tightly. She
followed the Accused as she was afraid of being harmed by him.

10 The Accused brought her to Block 183, which was adjacent to Block 190, and
they went up to a staircase landing on the third floor where the Accused told
her to sit down on the stairs. He then began to smoke a cigarette and to drink
a can of beer. He questioned her on whether she had consumed drugs. When she
said she had not, the Accused put his hand into the pockets of her Bermuda
shorts to search. He then pulled her arm and asked her to lie down on the
landing. She was afraid of being harmed by him and therefore did as
instructed.

11 The Accused proceeded to remove all the clothing of the Complainant,
warning her not to shout or else suffer a beating. He then stripped off his
clothes and lay on top of her, fondling her breasts, her vagina, sucking her
nipples and kissing her neck. He then inserted his penis into her vagina. She
felt a sharp pain and wanted to cry but did not dare do so for fear that he
would assault her.

12 After gratifying himself, he told her to dress up and to go up the stairs
to the highest floor and remain there. She complied. He did not follow her up.

13 After remaining at the fourth floor for some 45 minutes, the Complainant
decided to leave for home. She went down the stairs and walked towards Lorong
7 Toa Payoh.

14 As she was walking along Lorong 7 near the market, the Accused saw her and
shouted at her. She was afraid to see him after the first encounter. Although
there were some other male Indians at the market, she did not call for help as
they had been talking to the Accused and appeared to be his friends. He walked
towards her and pulled her by the arm again, mumbling something which she did
not comprehend. He brought her to Block 17A which housed a bank and where
there was a spiral staircase, pushing her into the corner where the underside
of the spiral staircase met the ground. She therefore had to sit on the floor.

15 The Accused lit a cigarette and smoked. After that, he stripped the
Complainant who did not dare to resist as he was staring at her fiercely. He
then took off his clothes and sat down beside her. He lowered her body to the
floor, went on top of her and began to fondle her body. He tried to kiss her
on the mouth but she refused to open it. He then used his hand to try to force
her mouth open and tried to kiss her. He stopped after a while and inserted
his penis into her vagina for the second time, pushing forcefully and causing
her immense pain. She tried to push him away with both her hands but he held
them to the floor.

16 The Accused then stopped and pulled the Complainant’s left hand to hold his
penis and her right hand to hug him. They lay like that for about half an
hour, with him holding on to her right hand. When she saw that he was asleep,
she tried to release her numb left hand from his penis but the movement roused
the Accused. He started to kiss and fondle her body again.

17 He then caused her to sit up and spread her legs apart and he sat facing
her with his legs resting on her thighs. He held his penis with one hand and
used the other to push her head forcefully towards his penis. She refused to
open her mouth but he used his hand to force her to open it. He then inserted
his penis into her mouth and pushed her head up and down with such force that
she could hardly breathe.

18 After ten minutes or so of fellatio, the Accused released the Complainant
who was panting by then. Before she could catch her breath, he forced her head
down to his penis again. This time, she kept her mouth shut but he continued
to rub his penis against her mouth.

19 After that, he stopped and caressed her vagina. He then told her to get
dressed. While she was putting on her clothes, he asked her whether she wanted
some coffee. When she said she would like some, he told her to wait there for
him while he went to bring the coffee.

20 When the Complainant saw the Accused was a distance away, she fled in a
panic, afraid that he might turn around at anytime. She ran towards Block 17
until she reached Lorong 6 where she managed to flag a taxi which brought her
to her home in Lorong 8. As she did not have money to pay the fare, she told
the taxi driver to wait while she went up to her flat to get some money. In
her flat, she took $5 from the altar table and then went back down to pay the
fare.

21 After doing that, she went up to her flat and lay on the sofa in the living
room. Her father woke up and asked her why she had returned home so late. She
did not reply and wanted to cry. Her father noticed that her face was pale,
her hair was messy, her arms, her face and her t-shirt were dirty and enquired
further. She then revealed to him that she had been raped by an unknown Indian
while walking home. Her father then went to wake her mother up and together
they proceeded to Kim Keat Neighbourhood Police Post to lodge a report. It was
past 5 am then.

22 At the NPP, Sgt Lim Chee Peng interviewed the Complainant’s father and was
informed by him that the Complainant had been raped by an unknown male Indian
on two occasions, the first having taken place at about 2 am at the staircase
landing of Block 190 near the 7-Eleven shop and the second at Block 17A. When
I asked the Complainant’s father why he had told the police officer that the
first rape was at Block 190, he denied that he had mentioned the block number.
He testified that he was not very familiar with the block numbers although he
lived in Toa Payoh and had merely told the police officer that the Complainant
was dragged to a place somewhere in Toa Payoh Central.

23 The Complainant and her parents were referred thereafter to Tanglin Police
Division HQ.

24 At 9.10 am on 4 June 1999, the Complainant was examined by Dr Kenneth
Edward Lee at KK Women’s & Children’s Hospital. In his report, he said:

> "Her history was vague.
>
> She was allegedly taken to a block of flats by an Indian male and was forced
> to perform oral sex on him. There was also penile-vaginal penetration and
> anal sex. She was unsure if there was ejaculation.
>
> She was then released and left alone. However, she encountered the same man
> on her way home and was forced to have sex with him again. She was uncertain
> if there was ejaculation.
>
> Physical examination was as follows:
>
> She was anxious, slightly distressed and appeared dazed. She was in a blue
> t-shirt and shorts with unkempt hair. There was no evidence of alcohol or
> drug usage".

The doctor also found a superficial abrasion on the left corner on the left
corner of her mouth and dirt marks on the soles of her feet, her back and her
thighs. There was a fresh tear of the hymen with slight bleeding. There were
no bruises.

25 Asked in cross-examination by the Accused whether he had beaten her up at
any time, the Complainant replied that he did. She did not think it was
necessary to mention this in her statement. Later, she explained that he had
asked her to shut up, beating her face once lightly as a threat, during the
second incident of rape. She affirmed that he had not asked for her consent to
engage in sex with her and that she had not given such consent at any time.

26 Asked by the Accused how he could have pulled her along outside the
7-Eleven shop when there were residents around, the Complainant replied that
it was already past midnight then and nobody was around. Similarly the
residents living in the flats overlooking that area did not see this happening
as they must have gone to bed since their flats were dark. She did not scream
as she was very afraid of the Accused who was holding on to her arm tightly.

27 Before the second incident at Block 17A, when they were along Lorong 7, she
also did not scream for help as she was fearful. This was despite the fact
that the Accused was about ten steps away from her when she saw him and
inspite of the fact that that was an open space.

28 SSG Png Chen Chen was the Investigating Officer in charge of this case. At
about 4.30 pm on 4 June 1999, she went with two other police officers and the
Complainant to the scenes at Block 183 and Block 17A. Nothing was found at the
staircase landing on the third floor of Block 183. At Block 17A, beneath the
spiral staircase, they found a torn-off piece of newspaper, some strands of
hair and a cigarette butt. There were blood stains on the floor and blood
swabs were taken.

29 The Complainant’s outer and inner clothing were seized by the Investigating
Officer as exhibits.

30 The circumstances leading to the arrest of the Accused were as follows.
From the lead given by the Complainant that she had seen a pink card with the
words "Tanglin Police Station" flashed by the Accused, the Investigating
Officer believed the card was a Urine Test Reporting Card issued by the
Central Narcotics Bureau ("CNB"). She sought the assistance of CNB (Tanglin)
to provide information on male Indian supervisees, giving them the description
of the suspect. When the photographs of the said supervisees were ready, the
Complainant was asked to go and view them. She picked out one of the
photographs.

31 From the particulars of that suspect provided by the CNB (Tanglin), the
Investigating Officer led a team of police officers to the Accused’s address
on 1 September 1999. When they arrived at the carpark of the Accused’s block
of flats at Block 17, Lorong 7 Toa Payoh, they saw him seated nearby. They
checked the Accused and seized the pink CNB supervision card from his person.
They then placed him under arrest and brought him up to his flat where five
items of his clothing were seized.

32 They brought the Accused to CNB (Tanglin) and then to Criminal
Investigation Department. Later that day, the same team escorted the Accused
to view the scenes at Block 183 and Block 17A.

33 On 2 September 1999, the Investigating Officer charged the Accused with the
First Charge and proceeded to record a statement from him pursuant to Section
122(6) Criminal Procedure Code after having administered the Notice of Warning
provided in that section. The Accused, speaking in English, said:

> "I have nothing to say for I am not guilty. I wish to explain everything to
> your majesty."

34 On 6 September 1999, the Accused was brought to the Department of
Scientific Services where a blood sample was taken from him for the purpose of
DNA testing.

35 On 7 September 1999, the Investigating Officer charged the Accused with the
other six Charges and proceeded to record his statements in respect of each of
the Charges. In each case, the Accused responded with words to the effect that
he wished to explain everything in Court and to prove his innocence when he
would be having legal counsel. At the trial, the Accused agreed that all the
seven statements taken from him had been made by him voluntarily.

36 On 9 September 1999, the Accused was sent to Changi Prison Hospital for a
Potency Test. Dr Leow Kee Fong examined him and reported that there was no
indication of impotence and that the results of investigation for sexually
transmitted diseases were negative.

37 That afternoon, the Accused was brought to Jurong Police Division HQ for an
Identification Parade to be held. The Complainant managed to identify the
Accused out of a total of nine persons participating in the parade.

38 The report from Mrs Tan Wai Fun, Scientific Officer at the Department of
Scientific Services showed that the saliva found on the cigarette butt located
at Block 17A was in all probability the Accused’s. The semen stains on the
Complainant’s shorts and panties and the semen found in the vaginal and anal
swabs taken from the Complainant were likewise all found to have come from the
Accused.

_

THE CASE FOR THE DEFENCE

_

39 When the Accused was called upon to make his defence to the seven Charges,
he elected to testify as a witness. He called no one else in his defence. He
was educated up to Primary 6 in the English stream. Before his arrest, he
worked as a labourer in the Maritime & Port Authority of Singapore.

40 On 3 June 1999 before midnight, the Accused returned to Toa Payoh after
visiting a friend in Bishan. He went to the 7-Eleven shop at Block 190 Toa
Payoh to buy a can of beer. He then sat outside the shop. There were a few men
in the vicinity.

41 About half an hour later, he saw the Complainant walking out of the shop
and walking away from where he was. He decided to walk home and happened to be
going along the same way as the Complainant.

42 When the Accused caught up with the Complainant, he spoke in a friendly
manner to her. She appeared shocked and started to edge closer to the wall. He
asked her why she was afraid of him but she merely mumbled something. He asked
her whether she was going home but again she said something unintelligible and
looked afraid. The Accused then asked her why she was afraid and whether she
had stolen the packet of drink from the shop. The Complainant appeared more
shocked and edged all the way next to the wall.

43 Not knowing what she was afraid of, with the can of beer and a cigarette in
one hand, the Accused took out his CNB supervision card and told her that he
was "no police" and gave her the card to read. He took the card back after she
had read it.

44 They kept walking. The Complainant smiled after he asked her whether she
was going home. He could not have forced her or pulled her along as there were
people in the vicinity.

45 When they reached a staircase at Block 183, the Accused asked the
Complainant to go up the staircase and she went up with him voluntarily. They
sat at the landing on the second floor where he asked her whether she wanted
to drink or to eat anything. She said, "No". He also asked her whether she
wanted to smoke but again she said, "No". He then asked her whether she had
money but she kept quiet. He repeated the question but she maintained her
silence.

46 The Accused then placed his hands inside both pockets of the Complainant’s
Bermuda shorts to see whether there was money in any of them. She did not
resist or do anything. As they were right outside two flats, if she had made
any sound, the residents therein would certainly have heard her.

47 He then asked her to go up another floor with him. When they had done so,
he put his arm around her and caressed her. She still did not resist. He then
asked her to lie down. They removed their clothes and had sexual intercourse
there.

48 When they were done, he told her to dress up and asked her whether she
wanted a drink. She merely kept quiet and stood at the landing. He then told
her that he was going home and when there was still no response from her, he
left.

49 He went to the market at Block 18 and had a drink with a friend there.
There were some men at the stall. After about 45 minutes, he decided to walk
back to his flat which was in a block next to the market. That was when he saw
the Complainant again. She was about ten steps ahead of him when she turned
around and saw him. It was an open area at the roadside.

50 The Accused walked up to her and asked her what she was doing there. She
stood there without responding. After getting no reply when he asked her
whether she was going home, he told her, "Come" and she followed him to Block
17A.

51 They had sexual intercourse again below the spiral staircase. She did not
refuse him or do anything at all. He did not threaten her. It was nearly
morning by then. If people passed by that spot, they would have seen both of
them. Similarly, if she had screamed, people would have heard her.

52 They remained there until nearly 6 am when he asked her to dress up and
asked her whether she wanted breakfast. She said she wanted to have coffee. He
went out from that place to buy coffee but when he returned, she was no longer
there. When he could not find her, he went home.

53 Asked in cross-examination why he had stopped the Complainant outside the
7-Eleven shop, the Accused replied that sometimes he would approach women to
make friends. He showed her the CNB supervision card because a drug supervisee
could not be a policeman or some person of authority. He put his hands into
her pockets to check whether she had money as she could be shy and did not
want to ask him for money. In doing so, he did touch her thighs.

54 At the staircase landing of Block 183, the Accused removed the
Complainant’s upper clothes. He then asked her to take off her Bermuda shorts
and she did so. He then stripped himself and removed the Complainant’s panties
after which they had sex. Throughout the whole episode, the Complainant
remained quiet. He did not ask her whether she wanted to have sex. He deduced
from her compliant conduct when he asked her to go up the stairs and from her
silence and lack of resistance that she was agreeable to the sexual encounter.
He did not have to offer her any money or otherwise persuade her to agree. He
was not really surprised by all this as he had gone "to the fullest" with some
women on the first date.

55 On both occasions, the Complainant followed him when he asked her to. He
did not pull her arms or otherwise coerce her to follow him. He could not have
dared to do that as they were in open spaces and on a road. There was also a
night market there and people knew him as he had been living in Toa Payoh for
30 years. Asked whether there was anybody around at that time, i.e. past 2 am,
the Accused said a man rode by on a bicycle.

56 The Accused then elaborated on the events below the spiral staircase at
Block 17A. When they arrived at that spot, they sat down on the floor and he
smoked a cigarette. After that, he asked her to remove her clothes and she did
so. He then took off his clothes and asked her to lie down and spread her legs
apart. They then had sexual intercourse. There was no reaction from the
Complainant. She did not try to push him away. He did not kiss her on the
mouth because he had a cut on his upper lip.

57 He did not say much to her. He did ask her where she lived and she merely
said "234". She either mumbled or did not respond to his queries about why she
was not back home and whether she had any problem.

58 After they had sexual intercourse, they rested. He did not place her left
hand to hold his penis. Instead, he placed her left hand on top of his
stomach. He then fell asleep.

59 When he awoke, he tried to move her head towards his penis but she
resisted. When he tried a second time, she resisted again. His penis touched
her mouth for a few seconds, but she refused to open it. He gave up after
that. He did not force her head towards his penis and neither did he insert it
into her mouth. He did not slap her face. He guessed that the Complainant did
not like fellatio. She did not say anything when he tried asking her to
perform fellatio but she did look rather angry.

60 Asked why he chose not to explain all this in his statements when invited
by the Investigating Officer to do so, the Accused said he thought it would be
better to give his statement to his lawyer.

61 In response to the Court’s questions, the Accused said he thought of
becoming friends with the Complainant but did not ask for her name nor
introduce himself.

_

THE DECISION OF THE COURT

_

62 The Complainant was visibly slow mentally but could respond calmly and
clearly to questions in Court. She spoke slowly but certainly not in a manner
which suggested that she was concocting a story.

63 I found her account coherent and truthful even if her habit of travelling
to town for meals and walking the many kilometres home would seem somewhat
bizarre to a person of average intellect and means. However, the evidence
showed clearly that she was, unfortunately, not a normal person.

64 Two seemingly unsatisfactory aspects of her testimony must be addressed –
her affirmative response to the Accused’s question whether he had beaten her
up and her account to Dr Kenneth Edward Lee that there was anal sex. In her
statements, she had made no mention of any beating. She explained that the
slap during the second encounter with the Accused was a light one, interpreted
by her to be a warning to her to keep quiet and that she did not think it was
necessary to state it. I believed her. The slap was mentioned by her only
because of a direct question by the Accused. She had not sought to exaggerate
the force or the number of times. I did not think it affected her credibility
in any way.

65 I presumed there was no anal penetration as no evidence was adduced from
the Complainant about this. When she was seen by Dr Lee on 4 June 1999 at 9.10
am, she had no, or very little sleep after the eventful early hours of the
morning. The doctor noted that "her history was vague" and that she was
anxious, slightly distressed and appeared dazed. Bearing in mind all the above
and the fact that she is of "the borderline range of intelligence", she could
have easily made a mistake or miscommunicated to the doctor that there was
anal penetration as well. No doubt there was a discrepancy but it did not
materially affect her testimony when viewed in its totality.

66 Whether the Complainant’s father or the Complainant had told the police
that the first incident was at Block 190 (instead of Block 183) or whether the
police officer at the NPP had made an error was irrelevant in the light of the
Accused’s admission that such an incident did take place and that the venue
was at a staircase landing in Block 183. In any event, Block 190 did feature
prominently as that was where the 7-Eleven shop was located.

67 The Complainant’s father’s evidence supported the Complainant’s testimony
that the sexual encounters were entirely against her will. She returned home
looking pale, dishevelled and dirty. That certainly did not sound like someone
who had had consensual sex, who would certainly have taken a few minutes to at
least tidy up. Further, it would be very strange indeed for the Complainant to
decide to take a taxi when she was so close to home after having walked all
the way back from Orchard Road, and then from Block 183. Clearly she did not
have the money for the fare. Why did the Accused, so concerned about whether
she needed money but was too shy to ask, not give her even a couple of dollars
after rummaging in her pockets?

68 On the other hand, the Accused’s version of events over-stretched the
bounds of credibility. It was unbelievable that a girl who was so shocked and
afraid of someone coming up to her to strike a conversation that she had to
sidle towards a wall would go up to a staircase landing with the same
stranger, allow him to grope about in her shorts pockets and to fondle her,
remove her clothes when asked to and then "go the fullest" (to borrow the
Accused’s words). This was even more unbelievable when she was merely
muttering unintelligibly or keeping silent most of the time. It was also
incredible that the Accused’s "introduction" of himself to a female stranger
was to prove that he was a drug supervisee. The scenario fitted so much more
logically with the Complainant’s version.

69 After having such intimacy with the Complainant, it would be highly unusual
for the Accused to walk away without even asking for her name or her contact
number. Her evidence that she was told to go up to the highest floor and that
she remained there for about 45 minutes coincided with the period that the
Accused said he was drinking with his friend at the market.

70 The same comments applied to the second encounter.

71 It was true that everything happened in a densely populated housing estate
and that help would probably have come if the Complainant had only screamed
and tried to fight off the Accused. It was, however, the small hours of the
morning. People were already in bed and not looking out their windows nor
going about their daily activities. More importantly, the Accused, who
appeared to me to be quite clever despite his lack of formal education, would
have noticed, within a very short span of time, that the Complainant was a
simpleton of sorts and could be easily bullied and cowed into submission. That
was why he dared to accost and pull her by her arm even in an open space, to
reach into her pockets to molest her in front of flats and to calmly finish
his beer and cigarette before violating the most intimate part of the
Complainant’s body.

72 Why did she not seek help from the people in the flats at Block 183 after
the first encounter? Why did she not take a taxi home like she did after the
second encounter? These rhetorical questions were raised by the Accused in his
closing submissions. The answer was, simply, the slow intellect of the
Complainant. Quite obviously, she did not behave as average adults her age
would do. After the second unfortunate encounter, surely even a dullard like
her could sense the importance of getting home quickly and out of danger. Her
initial reactions might not have been normal but I found them entirely
understandable in the circumstances of her case.

73 What was most telling about the Accused’s unbelievable testimony was the
fact that he had chosen not to even whisper the defence of consent when
invited to state his response to the Charges on 2 September 1999 and on 7
September 1999, although he maintained his innocence. Why would a man who had
had consensual sex with a girl but who had been accused of rape and molest not
want to disclose this complete defence to regain his freedom? The Accused
could offer only the feeble reason that he preferred to say all this to his
lawyer. I could see no logic at all in this. I therefore drew adverse
inferences against his failure to state this defence in any of his statements.

74 On the totality of the evidence, I had no doubt whatsoever that the
Complainant’s version was the truth. The Prosecution had proved its case
beyond reasonable doubt and I convicted the Accused on each of the seven
Charges.

_

SENTENCE

_

75 The Accused was convicted under Section 380 Penal Code in 1978 and more
recently, under Section 8(a) Misuse of Drugs Act for possession of drug in
September 1997\. He was sentenced to undergo reformative training the first
time and imprisonment of 18 months for the second conviction.

76 The Prosecution sought a deterrent sentence on the grounds that the Accused
had taken advantage of a mentally slow victim, had committed repeated rape
with threats and had subjected the victim to sexual indignities and
perversions, that the victim had been adversely affected in that she was no
longer as cheerful as before and was now afraid to go out by herself. I was
also told that there was a general upward trend in the number of rapes
reported over the last four years. Various sentencing precedents were also
cited for my guidance.

77 Before sentencing the Accused, I made the following remarks at the close of
the trial:

> "1 Clearly, the Accused has committed dastardly acts against an innocent
> girl whose fear and mental capabilities did not allow her to fight back or
> to scream for assistance. On that fateful morning, violating her body at the
> staircase landing was no satiation for him. He accosted the unfortunate
> victim a second time when she was making her way home after having suffered
> the indignity of being raped in the housing estate in which she lived.
> Obviously, he dared to do this as he had been emboldened by this seemingly
> simple prey who was visibly slow in intellect.
>
> 2 Predators like the present Accused who attack vulnerable females in this
> horrific manner must be locked up for a long, long time to keep our housing
> estates and our streets safe by day or by night.
>
> 3 The Accused is accordingly sentenced as follows:
>

>> 1st Charge : 10 years imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

>>

>> 2nd Charge : 10 years imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

>>

>> 3rd Charge : 6 months imprisonment.

>>

>> 4th Charge : 6 months imprisonment.

>>

>> 5th Charge : 9 months imprisonment.

>>

>> 6th Charge : Minimum of 2 years imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane.

>>

>> 7th Charge : 5 years imprisonment.

The imprisonment terms for the 1st, 2nd and 7th Charges are to run
consecutively. The other imprisonment sentences will run concurrently with
those three. The Accused is therefore sentenced to a total of 25 years
imprisonment with effect from 1 September 1999 and to suffer the maximum
number of strokes mandated by law, i.e. 24 strokes of the cane."

> TAY YONG KWANG

JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

SUPREME COURT

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Mar 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

