Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Tan Siew Lam and Another  
[2000] SGHC 161

Case Number | : | CC 51/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 August 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Amarjeet Singh JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  David Khoo assisted by Leon Loh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Tan Teow Yeow assisted by Michael S Chia (AC) (Both Assigned) for the 1st accused; Subhas Anandan (Briefed) assisted by Gloria James and Anand Nalachandran (AC)(Assigned) for the 2nd accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Tan Siew Lam; Anand Naidu A/L Raman   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Decision**

_**

Charge

**_

1\. The 1st Accused Tan Siew Lam aged 37, a Singaporean, and the 2nd Accused
Anand Naidu A/L Raman aged 23 a Malaysian, were tried jointly. There was no
objection to their joint trial by their respective Counsel.

2\. The 1st Accused was tried on an Amended 1st Charge for _trafficking_ 3
packets of morphine with a net weight of 62.76 grams without authorisation
being a controlled drug _by having the same in his possession for the purpose
of trafficking on 1 st February 2000 at about 10.15pm between the carpark of
Blk 164 Bishan Street 13 and Lift B at 8th floor level of Blk 163 Bishan
Street 13, Singapore thereby committing an offence under s 5(1) read with s
5(2) punishable under the Misuse of Drugs Act, Cap 185 (MDA)._

Other charges against the 1st Accused were stood down.

3\. The 2nd Accused was similarly charged for _trafficking_ by _giving_ the 3
packets containing 62.76 grams of morphine to the 1st Accused Tan Siew Lam on
1st February 2000 at about 10.15pm at the car park of Blk 164 Bishan Street
13, an offence under s 5(1) punishable under the MDA.

_**

Prosecution Case

**_

4\. The undisputed facts were that at about 10.10pm on 1st February 2000, a
number of Central Narcotics Bureau (CNB) officers on surveillance to keep a
look-out for the 1st Accused in the vicinity of the flat where he resided i.e.
Blk 163 Bishan Street 13 #08-168 saw a Malaysian registered vehicle JEQ 8706
with an Indian driver driving to the carpark of Blk 164 Bishan Street 13 which
was lit with street lamps, and parking his vehicle. He was seen alighting from
the said vehicle by Senior Staff Sergeant Tan Yian Chye (S/S/Sgt Tan) CNB who
sat in a parked car about 30 – 35 meters away. S/S/Sgt Tan identified him as
the 2nd Accused in Court and said the 2nd Accused was then wearing a dark
coloured cap on his head. S/S/Sgt Tan said he then saw the 2nd Accused walk to
the nearby void deck of Blk 164 where there was a telephone and made a phone
call. The 2nd Accused then returned to the said vehicle at 10.15pm. He opened
the driver’s side door and stood beside the door. A short while later, the 1st
Accused, Tan Siew Lam, who was empty handed, emerged from the direction of Blk
164. He approached the 2nd Accused from the other side of the driver’s open
door whereupon the 2nd Accused took an orange coloured plastic bag from the
driver's sea’ and handed the same to the 1st Accused over the top of the said
door. Thereafter, the 1st Accused was seen walking away towards the direction
of Blk 163 Bishan Street 13 which is behind Blk 164. At 10.17pm the 2nd
Accused drove off in the vehicle JEQ 8706 and stopped it beside Blk 162 Bishan
Street 13. He alighted from the vehicle and walked towards Blk 167 to a public
phone. There, at 10.20pm the 2nd Accused was arrested by a number of CNB
officers. His Malaysian Passport and driving licence were seized. Also seized
from the driver’s seat was a red packet with $168/- in it. A black and red cap
was found on the 2nd Accused’s person.

Sergeant Eddie Wee Thiam Poh (Sgt Eddie Wee) observing from about 2 or 3
meters from where the 2nd Accused parked his car, confirmed S/S/Sgt Tan’s
account. He additionally stated that when the 2nd Accused went to the public
phone at the void deck of Blk 164, he walked past him and heard the 1st
Accused saying over the phone **‘Come down. I am here’**.

Later the 2nd Accused was interviewed by Staff Sgt Ang Oon Tho (S/S/Sgt Ang)
at the carpark of Blk 167 of Bishan Street 13 inside his car and the questions
and answers were recorded in the officer’s pocket book and signed by the 2nd
Accused. The 2nd Accused told S/S/Sgt Ang that he had no drugs in the car,
that he was at the scene to take an ‘ang pow’ from a male Chinese whom he did
not know who called him through his handphone **92297274** at 9pm and that he
had not handed anything over to the said Chinese person.

5\. As for the 1st Accused, before he arrived and was seen to take delivery of
the orange coloured plastic bag from the 2nd Accused, he was spotted at about
10.15pm coming out of his unit #08-168 of Blk 163 Bishan Street 13 by one Cpl
Surainy Bin Supahan (Cpl Surainy) of the Intelligence Division of CNB. He was
seen talking on the handphone as he walked down from the staircase to the
ground floor. He was empty handed. After he reached the ground floor, he
walked in the direction of Blk 164. A few minutes later, at about 10.20pm, Cpl
Surainy saw him returning from the direction of Blk 164 and walking back
towards Blk 163, this time, towards the lift lobby of the said Block.

5.1 Ronnie See Su Khoon, a Station Inspector, (Ronnie See) attached to the
Enforcement Division of CNB, who had taken up position on the 8th floor of Blk
163 Bishan Street 13 with other officers arrested the 1st Accused as he
emerged from inside lift B on the 8th floor. The 1st Accused was then holding
an orange plastic bag in his left hand, a bunch of keys and a handphone in his
right hand. These were seized. Stn Insp Ronnie See ascertained the 1st
Accused’s name to be Tan Siew Lam and he identified him in Court as the person
whom he had arrested at the aforesaid place and time. The 1st Accused was
taken to the 21st floor lift landing and physically searched and asked some
questions at about 10.18pm. As a result of the questions by Stn Insp Ronnie
See, the 1st Accused made certain statements which were recorded by the
Inspector in his pocket book shortly afterwards in the 1st Accused’s flat for
which they had left. The entry in the pocket book was signed by the 1st
Accused.

5.2 The questions and answers were as follows:

> SI Ronnie See : | "_Chua Long Lau Bin See Sim Mee_ " (Pointing at the Orange colour plastic bag)  
>  
> ---|---  
> | (What is inside the plastic bag?) Pointing at the orange colour plastic bag.  
> Accused : | "_Peh Hoon_."  
> | (Heroin)  
> SI Ronnie See : | "_Luah Chuay Peh Hoon_?"  
> | (How much heroin?)  
> Accused : | "_See Pau_."  
> | (Four packets)  
> SI Ronnie See : | "_See Pau Peh Hoon See Siang Eh_?"  
> | (Four packet of heroin belongs to who?)  
> Accused : | "_See Wah Eh_ "  
> | (It’s mine)  
> SI Ronnie See : | "_Lee Kiah Toh Chit Keng Chu_?"  
> | (Which house are you staying?)  
> Accused : | "_Puak Lau_."  
> | (8th level)  
> SI Ronnie See : | "_Kwee Ho Mng Pai_?"  
> | (What is the unit number?)  
> Accused : | "_East Luck Puak_ "  
> | (168)  
> SI Ronnie See : | "_Chit Kuah Soh See Sim See Kee Puak Lau, East Luck Puak_?"  
> | (Is this bunch of keys to #08-168?)  
> Accused : | "_See_ "  
> | (Yes)   
  
6\. Inside the flat, amongst other things, Stn Insp Ronnie See and the other
officers found and seized:

> 1) in the wardrobe in the master bedroom:

> i) a stack of empty plastic sachets;
>
> ii) a plastic packet containing empty plastic sachets and
>
> iii) a brown bundle containing empty plastic sachets.
>
> iv) a red plastic bag containing white envelopes with digital weighing
> scale;

> v) 4 lighters;
>
> vi) a pair of pincers and scissors;
>
> vii) 3 plastic spoons;
>
> viii) a small red plastic bag;
>
> ix) 2 bundles and some empty plastic sachets and

> x) two stacks of red packets – one containing S$1156/- and the other
> S$1792/-

Altogether, about 2000 empty sachets were found in the wardrobe. Stn Insp
Ronnie See stated that these items are used in the trafficking of drugs. The
pair of pincers and lighters were used for heat-sealing the sachets containing
drugs. The 1st Accused when asked by Stn Insp Ronnie See if all the exhibits
belonged to him had nodded his head. All the exhibits were eventually handed
to Insp Tan Choon Hee the Investigating Officer of the case including the
orange plastic bag with its contents which had not been opened.

According to the Investigating Officer, the contents of the orange plastic bag
revealed 3 newspaper bundles in each of which was a plastic packet of
yellowish granular substance. They were labelled as _G1a-1_ , _G1b-1_ and
_G1c-1_ by the Investigating Officer and photographed.

The Investigating Officer confirmed the recovery of 4 red packets with S$168/-
in each packet similar to the one recovered from the 1st Accused with S$168/-
and two other stacks of red packets one of 40 packets containing S$28/- each
totalling S$1,120/-, the other 17 packets containing S$68/- each totalling
S$1,156/-. He also took possession, amongst other things, 3 mobile phones from
the 1st Accused, the number of one of them was 96714234.

These plastic packets with their granular substance together with the pair of
scissors, the pair of pincers and the 3 plastic spoons were handed over by the
Investigating Officer to Dr Liu Chi Pang, Scientific Officer of the Department
of Scientific Services who analysed all the aforesaid exhibits and issued six
certificates under s 16 of the Misuse of Drugs Act certifying the following:

> i) _**Exh. P59**_

> _Lab No. N1-2000-00263-009_

> One plastic bag of 445.5 grams of granular/powdery substance analysed and
> found to contain not less than 21.76 grams of morphine.

> ii) _**Exh. P60**_

> _Lab No. N1-2000-00263-010_

> One packet containing 440.1 grams of granular/powdery substance analysed and
> found to contain not less than 20.89 grams of morphine.

> iii) _**Exh. P61**_

> _Lab No. N1-2000-00263-011_

> One packet containing 440.9 grams of granular/powdery substance analysed and
> found to contain not less than 20.11 grams of morphine.

Dr Liu stated that the purity level of the substance varied from 4.6% to 4.9%.
The pair of scissors, 2 pincers and three plastic spoons were also examined by
Dr Liu and found to be stained with diamorphine as Exhibits **P63** , **P64**
and **P65** showed. The 3 spoons were also found to be additionally stained
with morphine.

8\. Ng Choon Howe, Senior Manager with Singtel Mobil Pte Ltd and in charge of
the GSM switch, produced the _Call Trace Report_ for mobile phone no.
96714234. According to the _Report_ there was an incoming call on 1st February
2000 to mobile phone No. **96714234** at 22.1219 hours (10.1219pm) lasting a
duration of 10 seconds. The call was made from a telephone no. **3543208**.

9\. Yap Siew Choo another witness from Singtel testified that telephone No.
**3543208** was a pay telephone housed in the void deck of Blk 164 Bishan
Street 13.

10\. At the close of the Prosecution’s case, Counsel for each of the Accused
did not make a ‘no case’ submission.

__**

Prima Facie Case

**__

11\. I was satisfied at the end of the Prosecution’s case, that the
Prosecution had proved a _prima facie_ case against each of the Accused in
respect of the charge each faced in view of the following unchallenged
evidence:

__

1st Accused

__

11.1 The 1st Accused was seen taking delivery of an orange plastic bag from
the 2nd Accused in the car park as stated earlier. He was seen walking with it
towards the lift bay in Blk 164\. The 1st Accused took lift B to the 8th floor
where he resided. When the door of lift B opened, CNB officers who were
waiting for him, arrested him with the red plastic bag held in his hand which
later revealed 3 packets of substance containing morphine having a gross
weight of about 1,321.5 grams and **a nett weight of 62.26 grams of
morphine**. The 1st Accused admitted in his oral statement at his flat which
was recorded and signed by him and which was unchallenged by him that there
were 4 packets of heroin in the orange plastic bag and that they belonged to
him and that he was staying in flat No. 168 of the 8th floor in which flat,
paraphernalia relating to re-packing and sealing of drugs was found. The door
of the 1st Accused’s flat had been opened with the keys found in his
possession. Although the 1st Accused stated there were 4 packets of heroin in
the orange plastic bag, the fact is that 3 packets containing 62.26 grams of
morphine were still found. The other discrepancy relating to the 1st Accused
calling the drugs heroin when it was morphine again was of no consequence as
both are controlled drugs.

11.2 The 1st Accused, was, on the Prosecution’s evidence and admittedly as set
out above, therefore clearly in possession of the morphine in the quantity
charged. The presumption in s 17(1) of the MDA escalated his possession of
more than 3 grams of morphine to possession for the purpose of trafficking.
The further presumption in s 5(2) of the said Act, escalated the possession
for the purpose of trafficking to trafficking. The 1st Accused was, in the
circumstances, _prima facie_ , trafficking in the said amount of morphine and
the onus was on the 1st Accused to prove on a balance of probabilities that he
was not and as such, I called upon him to enter his defence.

__

2nd Accused

__

11.3 The 2nd Accused, a Malaysian who had arrived from Johore Bahru, that
night was seen _giving_ the orange coloured plastic bag which he took from his
car seat by both S/S/Sgt Tan and Sgt Eddie Wee. That bag containing three
packets of morphine (with 62.26 grams of morphine) was immediately afterwards
found in the possession of the 1st Accused who had walked away with it after
receiving it and gone up lift B in Blk 164. S/S/Sgt Tan and Sgt Eddie Wee
identified the orange plastic bag as similar to the one the 2nd Accused gave
to the 1st Accused. They also identified the 2nd Accused in Court.

11.4 The only irresistible _prima facie_ inference I could draw was that the
orange plastic bag found on the 1st Accused with the morphine in question was
the same one _given_ to him by the 2nd Accused and it contained the said
morphine when so given by the 2nd Accused. Under s 18 of the MDA, the 2nd
Accused is presumed to have known the nature of the drug in the said bag
namely that it was morphine. The 2nd Accused therefore had the morphine in his
possession when he gave it to the 1st Accused. As he was in possession and
observed by CNB officers _giving_ the said bag containing the morphine to the
2nd Accused, he was under the definition section of the MDA, s 2(a),
trafficking in the said morphine. In section 2 traffic is denied amongst
othere things, as:

> "(a) to sell, give ….."

11.5 The Prosecution had also, therefore, made out a _prima facie_ case of
trafficking against the 2nd Accused which if unrebutted, would warrant his
conviction. I called upon him to enter his defence. It was for the 2nd Accused
to prove the contrary.

_**

The Defence

**_

12\. Both Accused elected to give evidence on oath.

_

1st Accused

_

13\. Briefly, the 1st Accused’s evidence was that at about 9.00pm on 1st
February 2000 he was waiting for his boss, one Ah Seng, a Malaysian, in his
rented flat where he stayed alone, to come and deliver some goods to him. At
about 10.00pm, Ah Seng telephoned him and said he was not free but had
arranged for someone else, an Indian, to make the delivery to the 1st Accused
and the money in respect of the goods would be collected from him later. Ah
Seng told him to go to the carpark of Blk 164 and upon seeing an Indian man
arriving there by car, he was to ask him if he was a friend of one Ah John, so
that the Indian man could then deliver the goods to him but not to open the
plastic bag in from of the Indian as he did ot know what would be inside the
said bag. The 1st Accused testified that he himself did not know Ah John. He
did so accordingly by going down to the said carpark carrying his handphone
and a bunch of keys. There he took delivery of an orange coloured plastic bag
similar to **Exh. P108** which contained the goods from an Indian after asking
him if he is a friend of ‘John’. He gave the Indian whom he identified as the
2nd Accused an ‘ang pow’ packet containing $168/- for Chinese New Year which
was a few days away. He then added that at first the 2nd Accused did not want
to take the ‘ang pow’ but when told it was for Chinese New Year, he took it.
The 1st Accused said that he had not met the 2nd Accused before now nor had he
spoken to him over the telephone. The 1st Accused said he was soon afterwards
arrested with the said goods.

13.1 The 1st Accused further admitted that the goods he was intending to
collect, was heroin and agreed that he had witnessed the opening of the
newspaper bundles by the Investigating Officer taken from the orange plastic
bag in which there were the 3 packets of substance which he said was heroin.
He went on to say that he had ordered 4 packets of heroin. He could not tell
the difference between diamorphine (heroin) although he knew that in Mandarin
morphine was called ‘ma fei’. He did not know why he had only received 3
packets.

13.2 The 1st Accused confirmed that his mobile phone number was 96714234 and
calls to the phone would automatically go to a voice box if unanswered. This
mobile phone was seized from the 1st Accused upon his arrest at 8th floor
level when he emerged from the lift. He also confirmed that all the drug
paraphernalia found by CNB officers in the flat belonged to him.

_

2nd Accused

_

14\. The 2nd Accused was a second year student studying for his diploma in
computer science at an Informatics institution in Johore Bahru. His defence
was that he did not know what was contained in the orange plastic bag when he
delivered it to the 1st Accused. On the evening of 1st February 2000 at about
6.00pm, he had been contacted by one John a Malaysian whom he knew for 2 – 3
months. John was then in Singapore. The 2nd Accused said he told John he was
coming to Singapore with his mother as his mother wanted to cash some S$
dollars from her POSB Bank ATM machine at Woodlands. John asked the 2nd
Accused to pick him up at Ang Mo Kio MRT station and give him a lift back to
Johore Bahru. He agreed. He left his mother at Woodlands at 9.30pm and
arranged to come back and pick her up at 10.00 pm as she also wanted to do
some shopping.

When he met John about 10 minutes later at the MRT station at Ang Mo Kio, John
told him he had to go and deliver a plastic bag to a friend in Bishan but
could not do so as his girlfriend was coming to join him at the said MRT
station in 30 to 45 minutes. The 2nd Accused said to save time he volunteered
to deliver the orange plastic packet which he said was similar to the one in
Court, thinking it was some Chinese New Year food or decoration stuff as
Chinese New Year was a few days away. John then told him where to go and would
call the person and ask him to come down and take the goods from him. John had
not told him what the contents of the orange plastic bag were. Nor had he
asked him. He also did not look inside the bag then or later to ascertain what
it contained. He said he trusted John.

The 2nd Accused confirmed that he then delivered the said plastic bag and
contents to the 1st Accused at the carpark of Blk 164 Bishan Street 13 who in
turn handed him an ‘ang pow’ packet - Exhibit P116 - after being told it was
for Chinese New Year. He took the packet reluctantly only because he thought
it would contain S$10/- - S$15/-. After leaving Blk 164, he opened the packet
and found it contained S$168/- and he was shocked but happy as it was a lot of
money and he stopped at the nearby Blk 167 and made a telephone call to his
girlfriend in Johore Bahru to tell her of the ‘ang pow’ and to take her out
the next day. He was arrested when making the telephone call.

Concerning the statements to S/S/Sgt Ang, the 2nd Accused went on to say that
he had lied concerning each of the statements to S/S/Sgt Ang that he was at
the scene to take an ‘ang pow’ from a male Chinese; that the male Chinese had
called him through his pager 92297274; that he had called him at 9.00pm and
that he had not handed over anything to that Chinese person. He so lied
because he was frightened. He did not want to get involved with drugs. For the
same reason he had not told S/S/Sgt Ang at the scene or the Investigating
Officer upon his arrest about John sending him to deliver the goods. He could
not think at that time. He had not been told by John to expect money for his
services nor did he expect to be paid any money. He only came to realise he
had delivered drugs after he was arrested and questioned. The 2nd Accused said
it did not cross his mind to tell John that since he had to wait for his
girlfriend and also send the goods to Blk 164 in Bishan, all these would take
time and that he could not afford to wait for him and would be going back to
his mother whom he had to pick up at 10.00pm and that the John should make his
own way back to J.B. Instead, he explained his mother would not mind waiting
if he was a bit late. Finally the 2nd Accused denied he knew what he had
delivered to the 1st Accused were drugs.

_**

Evaluation and Findings

**

1st Accused

_

15\. No closing submission was made by Counsel for the 1st Accused.

The 1st Accused had admitted in his defence that he took delivery of the
orange coloured plastic bag and its contents from the 2nd Accused and that it
was seized from him by CNB officers when he was carrying it when he arrived by
lift B at the 8th floor of Blk 164 Bishan Street 13\. He did not challenge the
fact that the bag was found to contain 62.26 grams nett weight of morphine.
The 1st Accused therefore had failed to rebut his possession of the morphine
in question and the _prima facie_ case proved against him that he was in
possession of the morphine for the purpose of trafficking and was therefore
trafficking in it by the further presumption under s 5(2) of the MDA. In fact
the 1st Accused in his evidence clearly admitted that he was engaged in the
sale of heroin i.e. trafficking in drugs and that the drug related
paraphernalia used for re-packaging of drugs found in his flat belonged to
him.

I would like however, to deal with what may appear at first sight, to be one
small distracting aspect of the case. The 1st Accused had said he had ordered
heroin. However, morphine was delivered to him as the facts showed. The
implication was that he was not therefore in knowing possession of heroin as
what was delivered to him was morphine i.e. something else. I took judicial
notice of the fact that the basic and obvious difference between diamorphine
(heroin) and morphine is that whilst both are opium derivatives, diamorphine
is a further distillation of morphine. In my opinion, the mistaken notion of
the 1st Accused that he was in possession of diamorphine when it was morphine
did not matter in the least since both are controlled drugs, any one of which
the 1st Accused could not possess without authorisation. In _**Tan Ah Tee &
Anor v P P**_ [1978 – 1979] SLR 211; [1980] 1MLJ 49, the Court of Criminal
Appeal endorsed the ratio of Lord Pearce in _**R v Warner**_ [1969] 256 as
follows:

> "If one goes to the extreme length of requiring the prosecution to prove
> that ‘possession’ implies a full knowledge of the name and nature of the
> drug concerned, the efficacy of the Act is seriously impaired, since many
> drug pedlars may in truth be unaware of this. I think that the term
> ‘possession’ is satisfied by a knowledge only of the existence of the thing
> itself and not its qualities, and that ignorance or mistake as to its
> qualities is not an excuse."

It was plain therefore that on the presumed and proved facts and in the light
of the 1st Accused’s own incriminating admissions in Court, his intention was
to repackage the three large packets of morphine received from the 2nd Accused
into small sachets for retailing them amongst drug pedlars and drug addicts
and so traffic in them. I therefore found him guilty as charged in respect of
the offence of trafficking and convicted him.

I sentenced him according to law.

_

2nd Accused

_

16\. Essentially, the 2nd Accused’s defence was that he volunteered to do an
errand for a friend John who then handed to him the orange plastic bag with
its contents to deliver to the 1st Accused in the carpark of Blk 164 Bishan
Street 13. Believing the bag contained some food or decorations for the
Chinese New Year some days away he had gone on and made the delivery to the
1st Accused by giving the said plastic bag to him. He had not at any time
known or suspected that the bag contained drugs as he trusted John.

Having considered on the facts and circumstances of the whole affair which
formed the basis of the charge against the 2nd Accused, I rejected the 2nd
Accused’s defence relating to the absence of knowledge as to the true contents
of the said plastic bag he gave to the 1st Accused.

17\. The 2nd Accused after leaving his mother at Woodlands at 9.30pm had
promised to return at 10.00pm to pick her up. It was his evidence that John
had asked him at about 6.00pm in a telephone call when he was still in Johore
Bahru to pick him up at the Ang Mo Kio MRT station and to take him back to
Johore Bahru to which he had agreed. Had he done just that he would have
returned in time to pick up his mother from Woodlands at 10.00pm. The 2nd
Accused failed to give a satisfactory explanation as to why he did not simply
tell John in view of John’s new engagements that he would have to make his own
way back to Johore Bahru as waiting for his girlfriend for about 45 minutes
and going to deliver the orange plastic bag to the 2nd Accused in Bishan about
ten to fifteen minutes away and in addition doing the return journey would
take a lot of time - probably an hour extra and he would be very late in
returning to pick up his mother. Instead the 2nd Accused had reacted strangely
by volunteering to go and deliver the plastic bag to the 1st Accused.

17.1 His reason that it would save time while John waited for his girlfriend
did not impress me. If Blk 164 Bishan Street 13 was about ten to fifteen
minutes away, the return journey could be done in half an hour and he should
have asked John to join him in the car for the delivery to the 1st Accused of
the plastic bag especially as the 2nd Accused on his own admission had never
been to Bishan and there were a very large number of blocks of flats in
Bishan. They could both return in time to the MRT Station to meet John’s
girlfriend i.e. be within the half hour to forty minutes that she was going to
take to come. John would also have been free to communicate with his
girlfriend over his mobile phone and to explain to her to wait for him at the
station if he was delayed in returning. The 2nd Accused however did not raise
all these matters with John. John’s sudden story to the 2nd Accused after his
arrival about waiting for his girlfriend should have raised a suspicion in the
2nd Accused’s mind so much so that if he had not enquired or examined the
plastic bag for its contents straightaway, he should have done so on the way
to Bishan along the road by stopping and checking the bag’s contents as he
admittedly knew that trafficking in drugs carried a death penalty in
Singapore. He had all the opportunity to do so. The contents of the plastic
bag were readily accessible to view as the plastic bag was not sealed.

17.2 The 2nd Accused’s further explanation that he trusted John was not
credible and worthy of belief. He did not know John’s full name nor address in
Johore Bahru nor where he worked and had only been his acquaintance for 2 or 3
months meeting him on occasions to play pool with him. It was not possible
that he reposed trust in a man about whom very little was known by him. It
should have appeared wrong to the 2nd Accused who was an adult and an educated
person that he should deliver goods to a total stranger whose name he did not
know and who would come and meet him in a carpark and whom he could not later
trace if he was in trouble.

17.3 Counsel for the 2nd Accused stressed in submission that the 2nd Accused’s
lack of knowledge is shown by his _volunteering_ to deliver the plastic bag to
save time and there being no evidence that John had requested him to deliver
the plastic bag which request would have aroused his suspicion. Therefore the
Court should infer that he was acting innocently. His innocence it was
submitted, was further underlined by the 1st Accused’s evidence that ‘Ah Seng’
(who was known to the 2nd Accused as John) had told him not to open the
plastic bag upon delivery at the carpark because the 2nd Accused did not know
of the bag’s contents. Further the 1st Accused had also stated that the 2nd
Accused initially had refused to accept the ang pow from him but only accepted
it when told it was for Chinese New Year indicating thereby that he was not
doing the errand for reward. The evidence of the 1st Accused, Counsel added,
corroborated the 2nd Accused’s own version that he was unaware of or lacked
knowledge of the true contents of the plastic bag.

17.4 The Prosecution countered by submitting that the 1st Accused had no other
purpose of giving evidence from the witness box but to contrive evidence and
give support to the 2nd Accused’s lack of knowledge of the drugs that he gave
to the 1st Accused. The 1st Accused’s motive to help the 2nd Accused to
establish his defence was clearly seen from the fact that when in the witness
stand he did not defend himself but readily admitted to taking delivery of the
drugs from the 2nd Accused and to being in possession of drug paraphernalia in
his flat and to being engaged in trafficking in drugs and had gone on further
to instruct his Counsel not to make any submission at the close of the Defence
case.

17.5 I accepted the Prosecution’s submission as to the 1st Accused’s motive as
plausible. I found it unconvincing that the 1st Accused who was admittedly
engaged in trafficking of drugs should be told or reminded by his supplier Ah
Seng not to open the plastic bag to ascertain the drugs as no such offending
recepient is ever likely to do so especially in a public place because of the
surreptitious nature of the operation, the idea behind it being to quickly
take delivery and leave for fear of there being a surveillance by CNB
officers. Since payment was specifically arranged for a later date separately
by Ah Seng (John), as admitted by the 1st Accused, the need to check the
contents of the bag did not arise as the 1st Accused would be checking the
same when he went back to his room. He would therefore only have to pay
subsequently on the basis of what was delivered to him. It was the Accused’s
evidence that he made three telephone calls to John from the telephone at the
void deck of Blk 164, the first informing him he was in the carpark and to
inform his friend (1st Accused) to come down when the phone was suddenly
disconnected, the second to enquire if John‘s girlfriend had arrived but he
could not make a connection and the third call to another telephone no.
9671423 belonging to John which went unanswered resulting in a voice mail
message being generated. Again, both the 1st Accused’s and 2nd Accused’s
credibility was seriously in doubt on the issue when the 1st Accused said he
did not receive any telephone call from the 2nd Accused that evening or the
2nd Accused saying he did not make any call to the 1st Accused. The
Prosecution’s evidence established that a phone call was made from the public
telephone no. 3543208 at the void deck of Blk 164 and that call was made to a
mobile phone held by and recovered from the 1st Accused i.e. no. 9671423 at
10.12pm. I was satisfied that this was the call lasting about 10 seconds in
which the 2nd Accused spoke to the 1st Accused to come down. This brief
conversation was overheard by Sgt Eddie Wee who was nearby to the 2nd Accused
when he made the call. I could not comprehend the 2nd Accused’s evidence that
he thought he was making the third telephone call to John who had given him
the telephone no. 9671423 as his number in Johore Bahru, previously, which
number he had stored and retrieved from his pager just prior to calling him
the third time. If it was John’s telephone number, there was no explanation
why the 1st Accused was holding a telephone with that number when he was
arrested. There was no reason why when the 2nd Accused rang no. 9671423, the
1st Accused should not have answered the call allowing the call to go into a
voicemail mode as it was the very phone he had with him when arrested and he
was expecting a delivery. The irresistible inference I drew was that the 1st
Accused answered the call made by the 2nd Accused and was told by the 2nd
Accused ‘Come down. I am here’. I therefore also disbelieved the 2nd Accused’s
version that earlier he had made two other calls to John. I was satisfied on
the evidence that only one telephone call was made by the 2nd Accused and that
was made to the 1st Accused telling him to come down as he was already there.
The 2nd Accused therefore could not have uttered similar words to John as a
signal to convey his presence at the scene (during the first telephone
conversation) as was submitted by his Counsel leaving to John to call the 1st
Accused.. The 1st Accused’s evidence in favour of the 2nd Accused that he
received no telephone call from him, was therefore unworthy of belief.

17.5 I could not also fathom why if the 2nd Accused’s version of events was
truthful, he did not immediately upon his arrest volunteer to inform S/S/Sgt
Ang by telling him about John having given him the drugs at the Ang Mo Kio MRT
station of which he had no knowledge, for delivery. Instead the 2nd Accused
admittedly lied to the CNB officers when he made his voluntary out of Court
statement to S/S/Sgt Ang in response to questions. Of course, it cannot be
said that because a witness has been proved a liar on one or two points, then
the whole of his evidence must in law he rejected. I was mindful that to
simply come to this conclusion would be wrong. When a lie or lies comes to
light, it is imperative that the witness’s evidence must be scrutinised with
great care and indeed suspicion.

17.6 Having scrutinised with care the 2nd Accused’s evidence, I found that he
was not a truthful witness. The 2nd Accused far from being frightened into
telling lies as was submitted by his Counsel, should and would have felt
incensed and outraged if he had been innocently duped by a trusting friend to
deliver drugs to the 1st Accused and as such he would have naturally and
readily told the CNB officer at the scene about what John had done to him
which would have led to John’s arrest whilst John waited at the Ang Mo Kio MRT
station for the 2nd Accused to arrive and the 2nd Accused would then have
vindicated himself. I may add that the 2nd Accused admittedly also did not
tell the Investigating Officer about John and his role at any time. If the 2nd
Accused was frightened at the time of his arrest, he would have come to terms
with his fright in the next few months and told the Investigating Officer
about what John did to him. But the 2nd Accused did not do so.

17.7 I was satisfied in the light of all the circumstances that the 2nd
Accused’s account of what happened was not a credible account. His admitted
lies added a damaging complexion to his case resulting in my finding in the
end that he was an untruthful witness. The lies were namely that he was at the
scene to take an ‘ang pow’ when he was not; that he was called by a Chinese
person (1st Accused) through his handphone 92297274 at 9.00pm when he was not
and that he had not handed anything to the 1st Accused when he in fact had.
The lies and admissions in my opinion were deliberate, related to a material
issue in the case and were motivated by a realisation of guilt and fear of the
truth. The Accused’s lies therefore corroborated the Prosecution’s version of
events that the 2nd Accused had knowledge that he had carried and given a
controlled drug to the 1st Accused: _**Lucas**_ [1981] QB 720 at 724.

17.8 In any case, the 2nd Accused by not questioning John about the contents
of the orange plastic bag or examining it himself either in the presence of
John or later on his way to deliver it to the 1st Accused when there was
nothing constraining him to look into the plastic bag showed that he was
wilfully shutting his eyes to the truth and was prepared to do anything
including act illegally irregardless of the consequences. I therefore further
equated his wilful blindness to knowledge, namely, that he knew that he took,
conveyed and _**gave**_ the plastic bag in question containing the drug inside
it knowing it contained a drug.

17.9 As the 2nd Accused had therefore not proven an absence of knowledge of
that which he possessed beyond a reasonable doubt, the presumptions in the MDA
against him became final and conclusive. He therefore knowingly had possession
of the 62.76 grams of morphine and trafficked in it when he **gave** it to the
1st Accused thereby failing to prove the contrary on a balance of
probabilities - namely that he did not traffic in the said drug.

20\. I therefore found the 2nd Accused guilty as charged and convicted him and
sentenced him according to law.

Amarjeet Singh

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Aug 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

