Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Changhe International Investments Pte Ltd (fka Druidstone Pte Ltd) v Banque
International A Luxembourg Bil (Asia) Ltd  
[2000] SGHC 158

Case Number | : | Suit 1725/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 August 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Amarjeet Singh JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ong Lee Woei and Jacinthan Voon (Michael Khoo & Partners) for the appellants/plaintiffs; Vinodh Coomaraswamy and David Chan (Shook Lin & Bok) for the respondents/defendants   
Parties | : |  Changhe International Investments Pte Ltd (fka Druidstone Pte Ltd) — Banque International A Luxembourg Bil (Asia) Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Jurisdiction – Application to assistant registrar to
overturn order of another assistant registrar – Whether assistant registrar
correct in not hearing application  
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Case management unless order –
Default on unless order – Proper course to take upon default of unless order  
  

: The appellants/plaintiffs (`the plaintiffs`) defaulted on an unless case
management order (amongst others) made during pre-trial conference (PTC) by
the Registrar to file their list of documents on or before 2 March 2000. The
order had further stipulated that for failure to comply with any direction the
action is dismissed with costs. The unless order also similarly required the
respondents/defendants (`the defendants`) to file their list of documents in
default of which their defence would be struck off and judgment entered for
the plaintiffs. Whilst the defendants complied with the order, the plaintiffs
did not.  
  
The plaintiffs` default having arisen on 2 March 2000, the defendants` counsel
made an inter partes application on 7 March 2000 by summons-in-chambers to
perfect the unless order and accordingly asked for an order dismissing the
plaintiffs` action as a result of the said unless order having become
operative. The plaintiffs` counsel attended and submitted at the hearing
before an assistant registrar on 8 March 2000. On that date, an order was made
by the assistant registrar dismissing the plaintiffs` claim with costs as
prayed for by the defendants. The plaintiffs` counsel did not appeal against
that order.  
  
Later, new solicitors were engaged by the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs` new
counsel made an application on 9 June 2000 that the Registrar set aside the
order of 8 March 2000. At the hearing on 14 June 2000, the defendants`
solicitors had submitted that the plaintiffs` solicitors should have appealed
and that the effect of the application asking for relief to overturn the order
of 8 March 2000 was in fact an appeal to a fellow assistant registrar to
overturn the order of another assistant registrar. The plaintiffs` rejoinder
was that in the first place the order of 8 March 2000 should never have been
sought by the defendants as there was already an unless order. I observed that
the plaintiffs` counsel`s submission amounted to a concession that their
default in respect of the unless order had already resulted in the dismissal
of their suit. The assistant registrar after the hearing on the point of
jurisdiction, dismissed the plaintiffs` application without hearing the
merits.  
  
The plaintiffs appealed. Very much the same submissions were made before me at
the hearing of the appeal.  
  
Having heard all the submissions, I was satisfied that the order of 8 March
2000 by the assistant registrar was right. Procedurally, the assistant
registrar could not entertain the plaintiffs` application and could not
normally vary another assistant registrar`s order. He lacked jurisdiction to
do so.  
  
In so far as the unless order was concerned, such an order generally takes
effect without further order. However, the order has to be perfected in the
absence of specific rules relating to perfection. I was of the opinion that a
party to a case is entitled to take one of two paths where there has been a
default on an unless order. In this case, the first is by filing with the
Registry a request by letter accompanied by a draft order of court for
judgment or the dismissal of the action as the case may have been as a right
arising under the order on the ground that the order had not been complied
with. If the draft order is approved and it is faired and extracted, the
unless order is perfected. This may be the preferred course to take. The
second, which is the alternative course, is by the party availing itself of
the general application procedure of the court to achieve the same end. The
plaintiffs in this case opted to proceed under the general application
procedure of the court, ie by way of a summons-in-chambers perhaps out of an
excess of caution. The defendants were not prohibited from making an
application to the court in this manner to obtain the order of 8 March 2000 in
view of the consequences of the plaintiffs` default having come into
operation, namely, that the plaintiffs` claim filed on 9 December 1999 be
dismissed with costs pursuant to the order of court dated 24 February 2000.
The order of 8 March 2000 was, in my opinion, declaratory of the effect of the
unless order. It similarly perfected the unless order into a judgment
consequent upon its breach. There was, moreover, no prejudice to the
plaintiffs as it was an inter partes application and the plaintiffs were
present and heard at the hearing on that date. They may not re-litigate the
same matter save by way of an appeal which they have failed to file.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Aug 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

