Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hsiang Ding Enterprise Co Ltd v Singasia Investments Pte Ltd (formerly
known as Shinkeikin Aluminium (Pte) Limited)  
[2000] SGHC 214

Case Number | : | Suit 1446/1999, RA 600101/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 October 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Loo Choon Chiaw and Pua Lee Siang [Loo & Partners] for the plaintiffs/appellants; Ho Chien Mien and Chua Boon Tien [Allen & Gledhill] for the defendants/respondents   
Parties | : |  Hsiang Ding Enterprise Co Ltd — Singasia Investments Pte Ltd (formerly known as Shinkeikin Aluminium (Pte) Limited)   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Decision**

1\. The plaintiffs are a company incorporated in Taiwan and carry on the
business of granite suppliers there. The defendants are a Singapore company
who were the sub-contractors to the Sub-Contractor, Hung Wei Aluminium Co
("Hung Wei") in a building project in Taiwan known as the "Taoyuan Loongtian
Building Project". The main contractor was Sun Sea Construction Ltd.

2\. The defendants’ role was to design, supply and install the curtain walls
for the project. To that end, they contracted with the plaintiffs for the
supply of processed granite. The granite must be cut and ground to certain
specifications.

3\. The plaintiffs and defendants had agreed that in the event of a dispute
the governing law shall be the law of Singapore. There was, however, no choice
of jurisdiction clause in the contract.

4\. The plaintiffs commenced the present suit against the defendants to
recover NT$11,278,671.50 being the unpaid balance due. The plaintiffs averred
that they had delivered all the granite contracted for under the three
separate contract documents but the defendants have wrongfully retained the
aforesaid sum.

5\. The defendants applied to stay the action on the ground that Taiwan is the
proper forum for the dispute to be tried. They succeeded before the learned
assistant registrar and the plaintiffs appealed before me.

6\. The defendants’ case was that there is an available forum which is the
appropriate forum for the trial, and that forum is Taiwan. Mr Ho, counsel for
the defendants, submitted that the project was in Taiwan; the plaintiffs were
in Taiwan; the goods were delivered in Taiwan and payment were to be made in
Taiwan. He submitted that there were only two factors connected with Singapore
and they were the fact that the defendants are a Singapore registered company,
and the parties had agreed that the law of Singapore should be the governing
law. Mr Ho contended that while the plaintiffs’ claim is a simple one, the
defendants’ case is not. He submitted that there was a novation of the
contract whereby Hung Wei the sub-contractor became the party who is liable to
pay for the granite. Furthermore, the defendants are locked in a legal dispute
in the Taiwan court over the project. In that litigation Hung Wei had alleged
that the defendants were in breach of contract and responsible for a number of
delays. The claim by Hung Wei far exceeds the claim by the plaintiffs against
the defendants. Mr Ho further submitted that the defendants will be holding
the plaintiffs responsible for the claims of delay by Hung Wei, and will thus
claim a set-off of all moneys that is eventually adjudged to pay Hung Wei
against the claims by the plaintiffs. Mr Ho also submitted that although the
relevant witnesses are from the defendants, they are all Chinese speaking and
perfectly happy to testify in Taiwan.

7\. I agree that the plaintiffs’ case is indeed a simple and straightforward
one. It is a case in which either Taiwan or Singapore can equally be a natural
forum for the trial. In these circumstances, the fact that the defendants are
here and the choice of law being that of Singapore, the balance tips in favour
of the defendants’ claim that Singapore is the more appropriate forum.

8\. Mr Ho’s argument that the Hung Wei action in Taiwan was an important
factor because of the need to avoid multiple proceedings, as well as the close
connection with the Hung Wei action in Taiwan, loses much of its allure when
it is apparent that the Hung Wei proceedings have been going on in Taiwan for
some time and no attempt had been made by the defendants to join the
plaintiffs as a party in that action. In those circumstances, without having
instituted any claim, it is difficult to see how the defendants can attach
liability on the plaintiffs for delay in the delivery of the granite. It is
important to note that Mr Ho conceded that the plaintiffs are not liable for
the entire delay claims by Hung Wei. Thus, without joining the plaintiffs in
the Hung Wei action, it is impossible to apportion any liability to the
plaintiffs.

9\. Mr Ho submitted that the reason why the defendants had not made the
plaintiffs a party to the Taiwan action was that they (the defendants) did not
wish to weaken their case in Taiwan by an admission that the granite were not
of adequate quality - even though the fault for that lay with the plaintiffs.
I am of the view that this is not a viable explanation. If the defendants are
content to conduct their litigation with Hung Wei without joining the
plaintiffs in Taiwan they cannot use Hung Wei as a connecting factor to stay
this action here. Accordingly, I see no sufficient grounds to relinquish
jurisdiction in this case.

10\. The appeal was therefore allowed.

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Oct 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

