Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Twin Enterprises Pte Ltd v Lim Heng Wah Peter  
[2000] SGHC 288

Case Number | : | Suit 1712/1994, RA 600217/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 November 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Siah Yong (Piah Tan & Partners) for the defendant/appellant; Anil Changaroth (Lim & Lim) for the plaintiffs/respondents   
Parties | : |  Twin Enterprises Pte Ltd â€” Lim Heng Wah Peter   
  
29 November 2000 |   
---|---  
  
MPH Rubin J

1  This is perhaps the third round in a slugging match between the plaintiffs
(Twin Enterprises Pte Ltd) and the defendant (Peter Lim Heng Wah). The first
round was some time in 1998 before Khoo J who heard a suit by the plaintiffs
against the defendant to recover the balance of a trading account between the
parties.

2 The hearing before Khoo J spanned a period of eight days. The background
facts as stated by Khoo J and his decision were as follows.

3 The plaintiffs are a company effectively owned by Mr Fung. Mr Fung had known
the defendant Mr Lim for many years. In the late 1980's, the Vietnam market
was starting to open up. The defendant, who began to spend much time in
Vietnam, collaborated with various Singapore companies in the import and
export of goods into and out of Vietnam. He acquired much knowledge and
experience of doing business there. Mr Fung did not have much of such
knowledge and experience. But he had money, or at least good credit rating in
Singapore. The two gentlemen decided to team up. In early 1990, they entered
into discussions. They arrived at an arrangement by which the defendant would
source for goods in Vietnam and send them to the plaintiffs for sale in
Singapore and Hong Kong. Rattan was the main commodity envisaged at the
beginning, but later on other things like shipping containers and rubber were
also included. Mr Fung, on the other hand, would send goods for which there
was a demand in Vietnam. In the event these included beer and second-hand
motor cycles.

4 The purchases in Vietnam were funded by money sent by Mr Fung or from the
proceeds of the sale of goods Mr Fung sent to the defendant. The parties
agreed to share equally the profit made on the goods sent to and from Vietnam.
Mr Fung was entrusted with the keeping of the accounts.

5 The trading arrangement started in February 1990. Money was handed or
remitted to the defendant. Goods including large shipments of beer were sent
to him. The defendant in turn sent rattan and other things to or to the
account of the plaintiffs. The relationship, however, did not last very long.
It appeared that Mr Fung ceased to send any money or goods after August 1991.
By October 1991, he had decided to team up with someone else, without telling
the defendant. The arrangement with the defendant was all but gone. Mr Fung
made reference to difficulty with the proceeds of the large beer shipments
sent to the defendant and large unsettled balances in the account as the
reason for his allowing the arrangement to come to an end.

6 Mr Fung was entrusted with the keeping of accounts. But neither he nor his
secretary Nelly Tan was a trained bookkeeper. They did not use a proper set of
account books, nor did they follow any conventional accounting procedure. They
had, instead, three hard-cover exercise-type books in which cash advances and
the prices and incidental costs of shipments of goods were jotted down,
shipment by shipment.

7 The original books were produced at the trial. The pages had a haphazard and
amateurish look about them. According to Khoo J, they were an _`accountant's
nightmare'._ Entries were made, some were blanked out or crossed out and
corrected. Some pages of one book had been torn out. Mr Fung said that they
were "daily workings" of the company, "not official records". However, there
might still be method in the madness. Defence counsel, who presumably had seen
the books, did not make much of a point of it

8 The plaintiffs' claim was based on a set of statements sent to the defendant
in August 1992. These statements were basically, in two parts. First, there
was an account of the cash remittances and goods sent to the defendant, as
well as goods sent from the defendant (the "remittances and purchases
account"), and, secondly, an account of the profit made on goods sent to and
from the defendant (profit and loss account). The remittances and purchases
account showed a total balance of $686,023.97 in the plaintiffs' favour. There
was another statement showing a sum of $62,926.80 in favour of the plaintiffs
on account of shipments of sanitary ware. In favour of the defendant was his
half share of profit, his share being shown as $120,910.22. The plaintiffs'
claim was, in sum, the net balance between the two sets of credits.

9 Mr Fung said that the figures in all these statements were extracted from
the books referred to earlier. According to him, the accounting was done,
broadly, as follows. The defendant was credited with the cost of the goods
sent by the defendant. He was debited with the value of the goods as well as
the money sent to him in Vietnam. In respect of these goods, if the defendant
confirmed that he had a buyer who had agreed to buy them at a certain price,
the defendant would be debited with the price. If there was no confirmed
buyer, the defendant would be debited with the price payable by the
plaintiffs. The values of these goods and the monies sent to the defendant
were shown as "remittances" in the accounts. In respect of the rattan and
other goods sent by the defendant to the plaintiffs, the defendant would tell
him over the phone how much they cost. _Mr Fung would take his word for it,
and credit him with the amount. The amounts credited to the defendant for all
the shipments are reflected as "Purchases " in the accounts. The profit and
loss accounts reflect, basically, the difference between the cost of the goods
and the sale price to third parties._ [Emphasis added]

10 Both Mr Fung and Nelly Tan said that in the course of the trading
arrangement the defendant made regular visits to Singapore. He would visit the
plaintiffs' offices. He had the opportunity to look at the account books.
Nelly Tan also said that sets of accounts were given to him every few months.
The point they sought to make was that the defendant knew all along the
contents of the accounts and had not raised any objections (Khoo J however
discounted this evidence). _The state of the "account books" as described
above was such that Khoo J did not see how any account in any meaningful sense
could have been given to the defendant._ However, it would seem that some time
in 1991, nobody knows exactly when, the defendant was provided with partial
accountsof remittances and purchases. There was also a set of profit and loss
statements dated 15 October 1991 which the defendant admitted to having
received. No one was sure when this was given to the defendant. Although dated
15 October 1991, this set of statements, strangely, included some entries
dated later.

11 Both Mr Fung and Nelly Tan claimed that copies of credit notes were given
to the defendant on his visits, or faxed to him. It was hard to attach much
value to the evidence. Khoo J felt that this was probably done haphazardly. He
did not think a system or a procedure was in place.1

12 At the trial, the plaintiffs were given leave to amend their statement of
claim to add a plea of account stated. However, this was not seriously
pursued, and rightly so. There was no regular rendering of accounts, by word
or conduct.

13 In the end after dealing with several contentions and legal issues
including an aspect of illegality, Khoo J rejected the plaintiffs' claim based
on `account stated' and ordered an inquiry and taking of accounts between the
parties.

14 Although Khoo J, in arriving at his conclusions thought there was
everything to be said for accepting the plaintiffs' evidence rather than the
defendant's since the defendant did not appear to be a very impressive witness
and rather unhelpful (see para 36 of his judgment) yet he rejected the
plaintiffs claim based on account stated. Having rejected it, he ordered that
it would be appropriate to order inquiries and taking of accounts and these
should encompass the items in the accounts which were disputed by the
defendant, excluding certain items and matters in respect of which the learned
judge had his specific findings.

15 Subsequent to the order of Khoo J the second round followed and an account
and inquiry was taken by the learned assistant registrar. He made his findings
on 30 May 2000 allowing or disallowing items. The concluding part of the
learned assistant registrar's findings reads as follows:

31 **In the light of my findings, the plaintiffs will have to redraw the
profit and loss account in order to ascertain each party's half share of the
profits, if any, or losses.** Only then can a final account be taken of the
monies due from one party to the other. Excluding the defendant's half share
of the profit, there is presently a sum of $258,294.65 due from the defendant
to the plaintiffs, calculated as follows:

(1) |  Remittances made to the defendant |  $ 3,135,160.35  
---|---|---  
(2) |  Less: Purchases made by the defendant |  $ 2,911,350.19  
(3) |  Less: Reimbursement of the defendant's extraordinary expenses |  $ 68,342.31  
(4) |  Add: The plaintiffs' claim in respect of the sanitary ware transaction |  $ 62,926.80  
(5) |  Add: Housing loan |  $ 40,000.00  
|  |  _ _  
|  |  _$ 258,394.65_  
  
32  I therefore make the following orders for the further conduct of this
action:

(1)  The plaintiffs are to redraw the profit and loss account in accordance
with these findings, and shall file and serve the amended profit and loss
account within 21 days from the date of this order. The said profit and loss
account shall explain in detail how the total for each item on the account is
arrived at.

(2)  The defendant shall file and serve an affidavit that exhaustively lists
the specific discrepancies which the defendant alleges are present in the
redrawn profit and loss account, and that provides full particulars of the
discrepancies with supporting documentary evidence, if any, within 21 days
from the date of service of the redrawn profit and loss account on the
defendant.

(3)  The plaintiffs shall file and serve an affidavit in reply within 21 days
from the date of service of t he defendant's affidavit on the plaintiffs.

(4) The further hearing of the taking of accounts shall be adjourned to a date
to be fixed by the Registry in the week beginning 7 August 2000 for final
submissions on the accuracy or otherwise of the redrawn profit and loss
account.

(5) Parties shall be at liberty to apply.

[Emphasis added.]

16 Then there was this third round before me. This was the appeal by the
defendant against the findings of the assistant registrar. However, by the
time the appeal came up for hearing it was limited to only one item in the
finding that was in relation to an amount of $177,000 which the defendant
contended should not have been credited to the plaintiffs. Before I set out
the arguments advanced in this appeal on behalf of both parties, it is useful
to reproduce para 15 of the learned assistant registrar's findings around
which the contention revolved. The said para reads:

15 Item 15 \- 12,000 cartons of beer; item 16 - 22,500 cartons of beer; and
item 29 - 20,000 cartons of beer. These items should be reduced to a total of
$855,100. It is not disputed that these 54,500 cartons of beer were in fact
received by the defendant. The onus is on the defendant to account for the
goods received by him. The plaintiffs claim that 12,000 cartons of beer were
purchased at $189,600 and sold a $197,640 or US$108,000 (item 15). The
plaintiffs also claim that 22,500 cartons of beer were purchased at $355,500
and sold at $368,550 or US$202,500 (item 16). The plaintiffs purchased the
remaining 20,000 cartons of beer at $310,000, but there is no invoice to
confirm that beer was sold at $318,620 (item 29). At the very least, the
defendant received goods worth a total of $855,100. He must therefore account
for the proceeds of sale of these goods. It is not enough for the defendant to
claim that he cannot remember the actual selling price or whether he was able
to collect all the money due. Nor is it sufficient for the defendant to simply
say he was unable to collect money from an acknowledged debtor without
explaining what efforts he made to collect those debts. The defendant was
given the benefit of doubt in relation to his allegation that he incurred a
bad debt of US$12,000 in relation to the sale of the bikes because he
explained why he was unable to collect the money, the reason being that the
debtor had been jailed. However, the defendant provided no explanation as to
why he was unable to collect the debt from Yuri. Thus, while the plaintiffs
may not have proved that the defendant received the total sum of $868,430
(comprising the sums of $197,640, $352,170 and $318,620 under items 15, 16 and
29 respectively), the plaintiffs should be credited with at least the cost of
the beer, i.e. $855,100. Accordingly, the account of remittances credited to
the plaintiffs should be reduced by only $13,330. These transactions should be
reflected in the profit and loss account as transactions that did not make any
profits or losses.

17 As mentioned earlier, the appeal was confined to only one item ie, $177,000
which according to the defendant was raised by him at the inquiry stage but
there was no finding made by the learned assistant registrar in his grounds.
In this regard the submission by defendant's counsel as appears at paras 4 to
7 and 13 to 20 requires reproduction in full and reads as follows:

**B Subject Matter of Appeal**

4\. The subject matter of the appeal before the Court is confined only to
paragraph 15 of the Ground of Decision of the Learned Assistant Registrar
(page 33 of the BOD 1).

5\. The Assistant Registrar's decision under this paragraph was

(1) Under the Account of Remittances by the Plaintiffs, the Plaintiffs are to
be credited with a sum of $855,100 being the cost of the beer for the three
(3) transactions under items 15, 16 and 29 of the Account of Remittance:-

> > i.  Item 15 relates to purchase of 12,000 cartons of beer for $189,600
>>

>> ii Item 16 relates to purchase of 22,500 cartons of beer for $355,500

>>

>> _iii Item 29 relates to purchase of 20,000 carton of beer for $310, 000_

>
> (see Account of Remittance pages 44 to 45 of BOD 1).

(2)  The Defendant has not established his inability to collect the alleged
bad debts and his claim for bad debt was disallowed.

6\.  There was nothing said by the Learned Assistant Registrar on the
deduction of the sum of $177,000/Â­which the Defendant claimed was paid for the
beer directly to the supplier Thai Pore Pte Ltd.

**C Reasons for Appeal**

7\. The Defendant submits that the Learned Registrar erred in considering the
claim for deduction of the sum of $177,000 from the price of the beer sent to
him that was paid directly to the supplier of the beer one Thai Pore Pte Ltd.
for this is contrary to the documentary evidence before the Court as well as
the position taken by the Plaintiffs both at the trial and the inquiry before
the Learned Assistant Registrar.

**E Defendant's position**

13\.  In the Defendant's Affidavit dated the 11/10/97 filed in answer to
interrogatories made by the Plaintiffs as early as the 22/7/97, at paragraph
A4(h) (page 145), (pages 25 to 28 at pages 26/27), the Defendant made the
following statement:Â­

(1)  There were a total of 54,500 carton of beer in the 26 containers

(2)  He sold 38,500 cartons to a Cambodian by the name of Yuri (or sometime
spelt You Ri)

(3)  He sold the other 16,000 cartons to another Cambodia

(4)  As to the sale to Yuri had had handwritten accounts which were written by
Yuri himself

(5)  Yuri paid him a total of $US132,447 in cash to him

(6) Yuri was told to pay the sum of US$163,927 directly to a rubber supplier
in part payment of rubber which they had bought from the rubber supplier. This
is the transaction for 400T of rubber dated 10/9/90 in the Purchase Section of
the Statement of Account 1(see page 49 of BOD 2)

(7)  This leaves a sum of US$30,876 which was never paid by Yuri

14\.  The rubber transaction reflected in the Purchase Section of Statement of
Account 1(which is prepared by the Plaintiffs) shows an entry

**Date** |  **Item** |  **US$** |  **Exchange rate**  
---|---|---|---  
10/9/90 |  By Mekong Express  
\- 400 T Rubber |  279,250/- |  1.77  
  
15\.  The Defendant reaffirmed these facts in his Affidavit in chief on the
11th October 1997 (pages 29 to 39 of BOD 2). In paragraph 52 the Defendant
repeats that

(1)  He sold 38,500 carton to a Cambodian by the name of Yuri

(2)  Yuri wrote the account and he obtained a corresponding English
translation of it "PL 7" (pages 33 to 38 of BOD 2).

(3)  He remembers Yuri having paid a total of US$132,447 in cash to him.

(4)  On the Plaintiffs' instructions he then asked Yuri to pay US$163,927
directly to a rubber supplier in part payment of rubber which they had bought
from the supplier. This is the transaction under Mekong Express.

(5)  He further says that Yuri never paid up the balance of US$30,876 and is a
case of bad debt.

16\. __ _**The Defendant therefore has all along at the trial and at the
inquiry and taking of accounts stated that a sum of $177,000% payable by Yuri
was paid directly by Yuri to the supplier. This is evident from the statement
of account keep by Yuri (page 34 of BOD 2). In addition to that the Defendant
has always stated that there was bad debts for the beer.**_

17 _._ _**The Plaintiffs was never cross-examined on the claim made by him of
the $177,000, nor was it put to him that this was not so. (see pages 1 to 13
of BOD 2).**_

18 _._ _**In fact the document which is issued by Thai Pore Pte Ltd is
exhibited by the Plaintiffs themselves in their Affidavit support the
statement of the Defendant and this amount was accordingly deducted from the
price due under the invoice for the 20,000 cartons of beer (see page 65 of BOD
2). The invoice dated the 27/8/90 for the 20,000 cartons of beer reflect a
credit of $177,000% being payment to be made in Phnom Penh to Chief Engineer
of Mekong Express.**_

19\. __ _**The Plaintiffs in their submission in fact never disputed the
Defendant's position that the proceeds of the beer was paid and this is
because their own documents evidenced it. In fact this was never challenged by
the Plaintiffs when they cross-examined the Defendant (see Notes of Evidence)
(pages 1 to 13 of BOD 2). The contention of the Plaintiffs was merely** **that
there were no bad debts and that even if there was this was never informed to
them and that the Defendant's claim of bad debt therefore cannot be
sustained.**_

**F Conclusion**

20\.  It is therefore submission that from the documents and from the evidence
before the Court and fortified by the position all along taken by the
Plaintiffs that a sum of $177,000 should be deducted from the amount of
$855,100. The remittance to be credited to the Plaintiffs should be reduced
accordingly to $678,100.

[Emphasis added.]

18 The plaintiffs' arguments as appear from paras 5 to 15 are _as follows:_

5\.  The Defendant however is of the view that the Registrar's findings are
erroneous on the transaction pertaining to the 20,000 cartons of beer.

> > > > _**20,000 CARTONS OF BEER**_

_**The Plaintiffs' contention**_

6\. The 20,000 cartons of beer were purchased by the Plaintiffs at $310,000.00
and were subsequently sold for a profit at $318,620.00. However on the invoice
that was tendered to the Plaintiffs, the following endorsement was contained
therein:-

"Less: Payment to be made in Phnom Penh to Chief Engineer of Meking Express

Mr Tan

US$100,000.00 @ 1.77"

Copies of the invoice and corresponding Bill of Lading are found on pages 44
and 45 respectively.

7\.  The Plaintiffs duly paid the sellers of the beer, ThaiÂ­Pore Enterprise
Pte. Ltd, the sum of $100,000.00 in part payment thereof on 12th September
1990. A copy of the receipt and the Plaintiff's bank statement are found on
pages 46 and 47 respectively.

8\.  As to the balance of $210,000.00, the Plaintiffs offset the same from
moies due by Thai-Pore Enterprise Pte. Ltd to them. However, when Thai-Pore
Enterprise Pte. Ltd failed to make payment of the same, the Plaintiffs
commenced legal proceedings for the recovery thereof. A copy of the statement
of account as at 3lst January 1991 and the Writ of Summons are found on pages
48 and 49 to 52 respectively.

_**The Defendant's contention**_

9.**__** **_In contrast however, the Defendant's version of events pertaining
to this transaction is slightly different. He contends that out of the
proceeds of sale that he received, he paid the sum of $177,000.00 to the said
Chief Engineer of Meking Express, being payment of a debt incurred by the
Plaintiffs. The Defendant submits that this amount should therefore be
reflected as a payment made by him on the Plaintiffs' behalf. In support
thereof, the Defendant has produced a statement indicating that this sum was
paid and a copy of this statement together with the translation in the
Cambodian language and in Mandarin are found on pages 53 to 58._**

10\. ** __** **_The Defendant further refers to an invoice dated 15" September
1990 and a corresponding Bill of Lading, both of which indicate that the
Plaintiffs were to pay a sum of $266,630.00 for rubber. The Defendant claims
that the sum of $177,000.00 was paid towards this debt. Copies of the invoice
and Bill of Lading are found on pages 59 and 60 respectively._**

_**Rebutting the Defendant's contention**_

11\. If the Defendant's contention is to be accepted, it must be the case that
the Plaintiffs' alleged debt for the rubber, was due and accruing before the
invoice for the beer from Thai-Pore was issued. However a perusal of the dates
of the invoices for the rubber and beer, reveals that the invoice for beer was
issued _before_ that of the rubber. This means that when the invoice for the
beer was issued, the Plaintiffs did not at that juncture owe any monies for
the rubber, the invoice of which is found on page 59.

12\. In addition, if the Defendant's submissions on this issue were taken at
their best and the Plaintiffs were owing monies on the aforesaid invoice for
rubber, the same would not be reflected as a reduced payment to ThaiÂ­Pore. The
fact that Thai-Pore were prepared to receive less monies under their invoice,
lends credence to the fact that the sum of $177,000.00 was in fact a debt
owing by Thai-Pore and not the Plaintiffs.

13\.  _****_ _**Likewise, it is pertinent to note that despite the Defendant's
contention that he paid the sum of $177,000.00 to Thai-Pore Enterprise Pte.
Ltd. on behalf of the Plaintiffs, he has neglected to provide the court with a
receipt thereof.**_

14\. Furthermore, if the Defendant's contention is to be accepted on this
issue, the Defendant would have made an effort to tender an affidavit from the
said Mr Youree or from an official from Thai-Pore Enterprise Pte Ltd, and
likewise have them examined during the trial. However, as neither were done,
the only document allegedly in support of the Defendant's arguments herein, is
a statement, which incidentally was not produced by the Defendant to the
Plaintiffs until after the suit herein was commenced, as indicated by the
Defendant during cros-examination on page 119 of the Notes of Evidence at
paragraph E:-

Q:  Affidavit 1 page 145 (Cambodian handwriting): you are able to produce
this. There is no reason why you can't produce record of your collection for
the 16,000 cartons.

A:  These documents were recovered after the start of the court case. We had
to search.

15\.  Having taken into account the aforesaid, the Registrar was correct in
not accepting the Defendant's submissions on this issue. The Registrar was
however prepared to accept that at the very least, the Plaintiffs had sent and
"the defendant received goods worth a total of $855,100. ... **_Thus, while
the plaintiffs may not have proved that the defendant received the total sum
of $868,430 (comprising the sums of $197,640, $352,170 and $318,620 under
items 15, 16 and 29 respectively), the plaintiffs should be credited with at
least the cost of the beer, i.e. $855,100." (page 8 of the Grounds of
Decision). This therefore means that the court accepted that the Plaintiffs
had paid the sum of $855,100.00 for the beer and that correspondingly, the
Defendant had not paid the sum of $177,000.00 on behalf of the Plaintiffs, as
alleged._**

**Conclusion**

19 As regards the figure of $177,000 which was in contention before me, there
was little dispute that this sum indeed featured in an invoice dated 27 August
1990 from one Thai-Pore Enterprises Pte Ltd (page 65 of the Bundle of
Documents). This is the very invoice which details the purchase of 20,000
cartons of beer referred to in paragraph 15 of the learned assistant
registrar's grounds of decision. The said invoice states that the price of the
20,000 cartons of beer is $310,000. Immediately beneath this entry there is a
reference to a sum of $177,000 as being payment to be made in Phnom Penh to
one Chief Engineer of Mekong Express, Mr Tan. This document, I was informed,
was at all times in the possession of the plaintiffs and consequently produced
by the plaintiffs as part of their exhibits at the inquiry below.

20 Counsel for the defendant submitted that the issue as respects this sum was
specifically raised before the learned assistant registrar but unfortunately
there was no specific finding on this by the learned assistant registrar.
Counsel's submission was that the defendant at all times maintained that this
sum of $177,000 was paid for the beer directly to the supplier Thai-Pore Pte
Ltd (para 16 of counselâ€™s submission).

21 Defendantâ€™s counsel then highlighted the aspect (paragraph 17 of his
submission) that it was never suggested or put to the defendant during the
inquiry hearing that the amount of $177,000 was never paid to the supplier of
beer for account of the plaintiffs. Counsel went on to submit (paragraphs 18
and 19 of his submission) that the invoice bespoken was in fact produced by
the plaintiffs in their affidavit and curiously the defendant was never at any
stage of the hearing challenged on this. The omission to croo-examine the
defendant on this very aspect was conceded by plaintiffsâ€™ counsel in his
submission (paragraph 2.2 (c)).

22 In the main, the arguments by both counsel revolved around the question as
on whom the burden of proof lay. Plaintiffsâ€™ counsel contended that it lay on
the defendant. The defendantâ€™s counselâ€™s reply was that the defendant had
discharged his onus by relying on the entry in the said invoice which was
produced by the plaintiffs and had been in their possession for a very long
period of time on which there was no query raised by the plaintiffs all this
while. Counsel for the defendant also argued that at any rate, the plaintiffsâ€™
failure to challenge the claim of the defendant effectively prevented the
plaintiffs from raising this issue any further. Implicit in this argument was
the submission that had the defendant been challenged, he might well have been
in a position at the trial to offer an acceptable explanation or alternatively
would have attempted to produce additional material or offered a plausible
explanation to support his case.

23 It should be observed at the outset that it was on account of the
unsatisfactory state of accounts kept by the parties, Khoo J in the first
instance rejected the claim of the plaintiffs based on account stated and
ordered the taking of accounts.

24 The learned assistant registrar who conducted the inquiry had indeed a
difficult task before him, which I would say had been carried out by him
admirably and with great competence. The only missing item in his findings was
the averment of the defendant as respects this sum of $177,000. Despite a
positive averment by the defendant on which there was neither cross-
examination nor any challenge by the plaintiffs, this item seemed to have
eluded the scrutiny. When the matter came up on appeal, I was at the outset
minded to remit the matter to the learned assistant registrar for re-
evaluation. But then I was prevailed upon by counsel that all that needed to
be presented was on the record and the court hearing the appeal was well
entitled to draw proper inferences and arrive at a conclusion based on
available evidence.

25 In my view, the submission on behalf of plaintiffsâ€™ counsel that the
defendant had not discharged his onus seemed to ignore the reliance by the
defendant on the plaintiffsâ€™ own document. Also, to the detriment of the
plaintiffs there was no cross-examination on this.

26 It is perhaps instructive at this point to make reference to the rule in
**_Browne v Dunn_** (1894) 6 R 67 (HL) which is well-entrenched in our
jurisprudence â€“ both in the realm of criminal law and civil proceedings. It
should be remembered that the said rule has two aspects. In its first aspect
the rule in **_Browne v Dunn_** is a rule of practice or procedure designed to
achieve fairness to witnesses and a fair trial between the parties. In its
second aspect it is a rule relating to weight or cogency of evidence (see
**_Bulstrode v Trimble_** [1970] VR 840 at 843 â€“ per Newton J). The said rule
has been well-formulated by Hunt J in **_Allied Pastoral Holdings Pty Ltd v
Federal Commissioner of Taxation_** [1983] 44 ALR 607 at 623 as follows:

It has in my experience always been a rule of professional practice that,
unless notice has already clearly been given of the cross-examinerâ€™s intention
to rely upon such matters, it is necessary to put to an opponentâ€™s witness in
cross-examination the nature of the case upon which it is proposed to rely in
contradiction of his evidence, particularly where that case relies upon
interferences to be drawn from other evidence in the proceedings. Such a rule
of practice is necessary both to give the witness the opportunity to deal with
that other evidence, or the inferences to be drawn from it, and to allow the
other party the opportunity to call evidence either to corroborate that
explanation or to contradict the inference sought to be drawn.

27 Later on Hunt J at page 630 (_supra_) added:

â€¦ Secondly, and far more significantly, it gives the party calling the witness
the opportunity to call corroborative evidence which in the absence of such a
challenge is unlikely to have been called. Thirdly, it gives the witness the
opportunity both to explain or to qualify his own evidence in the light of the
contradiction of which warning has been given and also, if he can, to explain
or to qualify the other evidence upon which the challenge is to be based â€¦

28 As I see it, the question as to on whose shoulders the burden lay in civil
proceedings becomes somewhat academic when one contestant leads his opponent
to believe that the former does not intend to challenge the assertion of the
other.

29  In my opinion, the plaintiffs by their failure to challenge or cross-
examine the defendant on his averments as to the sum of $177,000 in a way
lulled the defendant into believing that the claim for such sum was not put in
issue. Had there been a challenge, as had been done apparently rather
spiritedly in regard to other items, it might well be that the defendant would
have called for additional ammunition to fight his cause. The failure by the
plaintiffs, doubtless, represented the sort of conduct described by _Alexander
Pope_ in the well-known passage in which he criticised those who were willing
to wound and yet afraid to strike.

30 This is a case where an inquiry was being held to determine the credit and
debit sides of each parties. Strictly speaking in an inquiry of this nature
the plaintiffs and the defendants bear an equal burden in establishing their
respective standpoints and the standard of proof is one of balance of
probabilities.

31 In my determination, the non-cross-examination of the defendant on this
matter most certainly weakened the plaintiffs' claim for the credit claimed.
Moreover, the plaintiffs who had this particular invoice with them for quite
sometime - bearing in mind the invoice dated back to a transaction in 1990 -
should have been prompt in seeking clarification or raised a query over this
item much earlier had they wanted to. Such a failure on the part of the
plaintiffs indeed affected the overall weight to be given to the plaintiffs'
evidence and tended to tilt the scale now in favour of the defendant. The
learned assistant registrar unfortunately had omitted to deal with this aspect
in his ground. Having regard to the material placed before me and the
arguments presented, I am of the view that the plaintiffs are not entitled to
the credit of $177,000.

32  A postcript is perhaps warranted at this stage. In this appeal the only
matter which was in issue before me was in relation to a credit entry of
$177,000. After considering all the arguments, the issue was decided by me in
favour of the defendant. The plaintiffs being dissatisfied with my decision
have filed a notice of appeal. Section 34 of the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act provides that except with the leave of the Court of Appeal or a Judge, no
appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal (amongst other things) when the
amount or value of the subject matter at the trial is $250,000 or less.
Although the said section bespeaks the value of _subject matter at the trial_
it is also in my view intended to refer to the amount of the _subject matter
on appeal_ as well. Since the appeal before me was limited only to a sum of
$177,000 it would appear to me that leave is a pre-requisite to an appeal to
the Court of Appeal. However, at the time of my releasing my grounds of
decision, I am not made aware of any such leave being obtained.

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Nov 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

