Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tee Teng Heng v Public Prosecutor  
[2000] SGHC 230

Case Number | : | MA 112/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 November 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wilfred Goh Boon Cheong (Wilfred Goh & Partners) for the appellant; Hamidul Haq (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tee Teng Heng — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Property – Criminal trespass – Applicable principles
-Whether proof of intent to annoy evidence required by direct – Whether
accused reasonably believes he has legitimate ground for being on premises –
Whether accused had requisite intent to annoy can be inferred – s 41 Penal
Code (Cap 24)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Enhancement of sentence  
  

: **_The facts_**  
  
This is a straightforward case, the facts of which were as follows. The
appellant, a former employee of the Housing and Development Board (`HDB`), was
dismissed by the HDB on 2 February 1996. Being unhappy with his dismissal, he
wrote a number of letters appealing to the HDB. However, his appeals were all
rejected. The appellant was under the impression that his dismissal was the
result of a conspiracy within the management of the HDB.  
  
On 8 March 2000, which was about four years after his dismissal, the appellant
went to the HDB Centre at Bukit Merah Central (`the premises`) to look for the
CEO of the HDB, so as to ascertain the truth behind his dismissal. As he was
unable to gain entry, the appellant waited at the exit door to Tower A of the
premises. At around 4.30pm, one of the HDB staff opened the exit door from the
inside so as to leave the premises, and this afforded the appellant the
opportunity to slip inside.  
  
The appellant initially went up to the 27th floor to look for the CEO of the
HDB. Upon discovering that the CEO was not around, the appellant decided to
make his way downstairs to the 25th floor, where the office of the head of the
Human Resource department, one Goh Sin Tok, was located. The appellant
intended to confront Goh Sin Tok, whom the appellant believed to have been
involved in the alleged conspiracy to dismiss him.  
  
Upon reaching the 25th floor, the appellant found the Assistant Security
Officer, one Mohd Anwar Bin Wanchik (PW1), waiting for him. PW1 noticed that
the appellant was not wearing a security pass, and asked the appellant to
follow him to the security office on the second floor. The appellant complied.
The police were subsequently summoned, and the appellant was arrested.  
  
**_The charge_**

****

The appellant was charged in the court below with having committed criminal
trespass. The charge against him read as follows:

> _You ... are charged that you on 8 March 2000 at or about 4.30pm, at HDB
> Centre Tower A, Level 25, Bukit Merah Central, Singapore, did commit
> criminal trespass, to wit, by entering into the said premises in the
> possession of one Mohd Anwar and caused annoyance to one Mohd Anwar and have
> thereby committed an offence punishable under s 447 of the Penal Code (Cap
> 224)._

  
  
**_The hearing below_ **

****

  
  
**The prosecution`s case**

According to the prosecution`s evidence, the appellant was barred from
entering the premises upon his dismissal. His photograph had even been
displayed at the security counters to ensure that he would not be allowed back
onto the premises. The appellant had nevertheless continued to make
unauthorised entries into the premises on several occasions.  
  
By his own statement P7 (the admissibility of which was not challenged), the
appellant admitted that sometime in January 2000, he had tried to come into
the premises but was barred from entering. He had then effected entry in the
same unauthorised manner as on 8 March 2000, ie by waiting for one of the HDB
staff leaving the premises to open the exit door from the inside. He had then
gone to Goh Sin Tok`s office on the 25th floor, where he scolded Goh Sin Tok
for being involved in the alleged conspiracy to dismiss him. The appellant
admitted that he was detained by the security officers and advised not to
return. This warning apparently went unheeded. In his statement, the appellant
further admitted that sometime in February 2000, he once again slipped into
the premises through the exit door. Once more, he went to the 25th floor,
where the appellant confronted Goh Sin Tok and scolded him. This time, the
police were summoned and the appellant was given a final warning. During the
course of cross-examination, the appellant testified that he had managed to
sneak into the premises a total of three to four times.  
  
The last straw finally came on 8 March 2000, ie the date of the arrest. PW1
gave evidence that on that day, at about 4.15pm, one of the security officers
spotted the appellant in the vicinity of the premises. PW1, upon being alerted
to the appellant`s presence, had then gone to the 25th floor, anticipating
that the appellant would come looking for Goh Sin Tok again. True enough, the
appellant showed up at the 25th floor, whereupon PW1 escorted the appellant to
the security office downstairs.  
  
PW1 further testified that he was annoyed by the appellant`s repeated
unauthorised visits. Being the security officer, he had to go hunting for the
appellant each time the latter slipped into the premises, and he was greatly
inconvenienced as a result.  
  
**The case for the defence**

The appellant testified that he did not know that he was committing an offence
by entering the premises, as he did not do anything harmful or illegal. He
never intended to cause any inconvenience or annoyance to anyone.  
  
**The finding below**

At the end of the trial, the appellant was found guilty and sentenced to pay
the maximum fine of $500. However, no custodial sentence was imposed. The
appellant, being dissatisfied with the conviction, appealed to this court.  
  
**_The appeal_**

****

Section 441 of the Penal Code defines the offence of criminal trespass as
follows:

> _Whoever enters into or upon property in the possession of another with
> intent to commit an offence or to intimidate, insult or annoy any person in
> possession of such property, or having lawfully entered into or upon such
> property, unlawfully remains there with intent thereby to intimidate, insult
> or annoy any such person, or with intent to commit an offence, is said to
> commit `criminal trespass`._

  
  
Before me, the appellant advanced the same argument as that which he proffered
in the trial below, ie that he did not have the requisite intent to annoy
anyone (ASS [para ]1).  
  
I have, in a number of authorities, already laid down the various principles
applicable to cases on criminal trespass. Firstly, the requisite intent to
annoy need not be proven by direct evidence. Most times, the court will have
to infer the existence of the intention by examining the circumstances
surrounding the offence: **PP v Seah Soon Keong** [1993] 3 SLR 442  (at p
444F). Secondly, the intent to annoy need not be the primary or dominant
motive prompting entry into the premises: **PP v Pardeep Singh** [1999] 3 SLR
116  (at pp 123F and 124C).  
  
In the present appeal, the appellant relied on **Ong Eng Guan v PP** [1956]
MLJ 44 . In that case, the accused was an employee of a sewing machine
company, from which the complainant had bought a sewing machine on hire
purchase. When the complainant fell into arrears in making the instalment
payments, the accused went to the complainant`s premises with the intention of
either taking possession of the machine or of collecting the instalments due.
It was held by Wilson J that, while this may in fact have annoyed the
complainant, no intent to annoy could be inferred. **_Ong Eng Guan_** thus
appeared to support the following proposition: where it is established that
the accused possesses the reasonable belief that he has some legitimate
grounds for being on the complainant`s premises, the court should generally
not infer an intent to annoy.  
  
However, **_Ong Eng Guan_** is of no assistance to an accused if it is shown
that the accused knows that he has been banned from entering the complainant`s
premises. Once the accused knows that he no longer has any legal right to be
on the complainant`s premises, it would lie ill in the accused`s mouth to say
that he reasonably believed that he had legitimate grounds for being on the
complainant`s premises. In **PP v Ker Ban Siong** [1992] 2 SLR 938 , the
accused was expressly banned from entering the Bukit Turf Club. He was served
with a prohibition notice and warned not to return. In spite of this, he still
returned to the Club several months later, thus ignoring the ban. From this,
it was inferred that the accused in that case possessed the requisite intent
to annoy. Likewise, in **_PP v Seah Soon Keong_** , I offered the following
illustration (at p 444F):

> _Take, for example, an accused who was banned from a club by its management
> and who persisted in entering the club in knowing violation of the ban. The
> circumstances of his entry are such that one can infer an intent to annoy
> the management who banned him. It is difficult to imagine what further
> evidence the prosecution might be called on to produce in such a situation._

  
  
Reverting to the facts of the present appeal, the appellant was of the view
that there was a conspiracy by the HDB management to have him dismissed. In
fact, he even claimed to have lodged a report at the Bukit Merah Neighbourhood
Police Post to have the alleged conspiracy investigated. It was the
appellant`s case that on all the occasions when he visited the premises, his
intention was to ascertain the truth behind his dismissal. Even so, the
appellant had been banned, and he knew that he was so banned, from entering
the premises. He thus knew that he had no right whatsoever to be on the
premises. Thus, while it may have been the appellant`s position that he had a
genuine desire to investigate the alleged conspiracy, it would not have been
possible for him to contend that he reasonably believed that he had any
legitimate grounds for being on the premises. The facts of this appeal are far
more in line with the **_Ker Ban Siong_** situation, where the accused person
deliberately entered the premises despite having knowledge that he was no
longer allowed inside.  
  
As such, the trial judge was amply justified in drawing the inference that the
appellant possessed the requisite intent to annoy. In the trial below, the
appellant tried to argue that PW1 was never truly annoyed, and that the Human
Resource department of the HDB had pressured PW1 into saying that he was
annoyed. The short answer to this is that it is immaterial whether the
complainant was in fact annoyed or not. What is important is that the intent
to annoy was present: see **_PP v Seah Soon Keong_** (at 444I) and **_Ong Eng
Guan v PP_**.  
  
The conviction should therefore be upheld.  
  
**_The appeal against sentence_**

****

The punishment for criminal trespass is prescribed in s 447 of the Penal Code,
which reads:

> _Whoever commits criminal trespass shall be punished with imprisonment for a
> term which may extend to 3 months, or with fine which may extend to $500, or
> with both._

  
  
The appellant in the present case was sentenced to pay the maximum fine of
$500. By no stretch of the imagination could the sentence be said to have been
manifestly excessive. In fact, in light of the appellant`s conduct, I was of
the view that he was let off rather lightly. He had repeatedly intruded into
the premises, despite having been warned, on each occasion when he was caught,
not to do so. The sneaky manner by which he entered the premises, ie waiting
at the exit door until somebody opened it from the inside, was also an
aggravating factor. All this was done with a view to continually harass the
staff of the Human Resource department during office hours. In short, he had
made an utter nuisance of himself.  
  
I therefore exercised my powers under s 256 of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68) and enhanced the sentence, imposing a term of imprisonment of two
weeks, over and above the fine of $500.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Nov 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

