Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Nam Kee Asphalt Pte Ltd v Chew Eu Hock Construction Co Pte Ltd  
[2000] SGHC 45

Case Number | : | Suit 803/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 March 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leow Tiat Hong (T H Leow & Co) for the plaintiffs; Lee Chin Seon (C S Lee) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Nam Kee Asphalt Pte Ltd — Chew Eu Hock Construction Co Pte Ltd   
  
1 The Plaintiffs and Defendants are companies registered in Singapore. The
Plaintiffs are road contractors and suppliers of graded aggregates, asphalt
premix and other road building materials. The Defendants are general
contractors and at the material time were a partner in the joint venture ("the
JV") that was awarded a contract by the Land Transport Authority for a certain
stretch of the North-East Mass Rapid Transit line designated as the MRTC704
NEL contract ("the MRT contract").

2 The Plaintiffs and Defendants entered into two written contracts, both dated
1 October 1997, which provide for the supply, delivery and laying of graded
aggregates ("the Aggregates Contract") and of asphalt premix ("the Premix
Contract"). Graded aggregates are stones of various sizes, ranging from coarse
to fine, that form the base layer of our bituminous roads. Asphalt premix is a
mixture of fine stones and asphalt, or bitumen, that forms the top layer of
such roads.

3 Under the Aggregates Contract, the Defendants ordered and paid for 8,643.42
tonnes of graded aggregates. The Plaintiffs claim that the Defendants were
obliged to consume a total 40,000 tonnes under this contract and seek in this
action to recover loss of profits on the unsold balance of 31,356.58 tonnes
amounting to $260,259.61.

4 Under the Premix Contract, the Defendants ordered and paid for 3,962.22
tonnes of grade B1 asphalt premix and 6,292.63 tonnes of grade W asphalt
premix. The Plaintiffs claim that the Defendants were obliged to consume
60,000 and 8,000 tonnes respectively of grade B1 and grade W asphalt premix.
The Plaintiffs therefore seek to recover loss of profits on the unsold balance
of 56,037.78 tonnes of grade B1 and 1,707.37 tonnes of grade W asphalt premix
amounting to $648,357.10 and $20,334.77 respectively.

5 In total, the Plaintiffs' claims in this action amount to $928,951.48, plus
interest and costs. At the end of the trial and after hearing submissions by
counsel I dismissed the Plaintiffs' action with costs. The Plaintiffs appealed
on 23 February 2000 and I now give my grounds of decision.

**Parol Evidence**

6 Both contracts take the form of a letter of offer from the Plaintiffs to the
Defendants dated 1 October 1997. The letters set out certain terms of the
offers and are signed by the Plaintiffs' General Manager. One of the directors
of the Defendants accepted the offers by signing at the acknowledgement
section provided at the last page of the letters. The acceptances are dated 9
October 1997.

7 The first question is whether the parties are entitled to adduce any
evidence relating to the terms of these contracts apart from the two letters
of 1 October 1997. Sections 93 and 94 of the Evidence Act are relevant in this
regard. They provide as follows:

"93. When the terms of a contract … have been reduced by … the parties to the
form of a document, … no evidence shall be given in proof of the terms of such
contract … or of such matter except the document itself, or secondary evidence
of its contents in cases in which secondary evidence is admissible under the
provisions of this Act."

"94. When the terms of any such contract … have been proved according to
section 93, no evidence of any oral agreement or statement shall be admitted
as between the parties to any such instrument … for the purpose of
contradicting, varying, adding to, or subtracting from its terms subject to
the following provisions:

…

(b) the existence of any separate oral agreement, as to any matter on which a
document is silent and which is not inconsistent with its terms, may be
proved; in considering whether or not this proviso applies, the court shall
have regard to the degree of formality of the document;"

8 The Plaintiffs were quite prepared to proceed on the basis of the written
contracts with no other evidence to be adduced in respect of their terms.
However the Defendants took the position that they had evidence admissible
under section 94(b). I allowed the Defendants to adduce such evidence the
admissibility of which I would determine after hearing submissions. The
Defendants' witnesses gave evidence that in the course of the negotiation
leading to the contracts, the Plaintiffs' representative had agreed that the
Defendants would not be bound to take the entire quantities specified in the
contracts nor would they be bound to take all their requirements of graded
aggregates and asphalt premix from the Plaintiffs. In the course of his
submissions, counsel for the Defendants conceded that this evidence would not
be admissible under section 94(b). I therefore need not consider any evidence
of the terms of the contracts apart from the Aggregates Contract and the
Premix Contract.

**The Aggregates Contract**

9 The Plaintiffs claim that the Defendants were in breach of the following
terms of the Aggregates Contract:

(a) the Defendants must purchase at least 40,000 tonnes of graded aggregates
from the Plaintiffs ("the minimum quantity clause"); and

(b) the Defendants must purchase all the graded aggregates that they require
in respect of the MRT contract from the Plaintiffs ("the exclusivity clause").

In respect of the minimum quantity clause, counsel for the Plaintiffs said
that it was an express term of the contract. As for the exclusivity clause, he
at first contended that it was also an express term. However he was unable to
point to such term in the contract and eventually conceded that it was an
implied term.

10 I first set out the provisions of the Aggregates Contract which are as
follows:

"[To:] Chew Eu Hock Construction Co Pte Ltd

MRT C704 NEL (MARCH 1998 – MARCH 2001)

SUPPLY, DELIVERY & LAYING OF GRADED AGGREGATES

We thank you for the invitation to quote for the above-mentioned job and
submit herewith our quotation and terms and condition as follows:

Estimated Quantity : 40,000 Tonnes

Mat Thickness : 250 mm and above

W/O sensor (Unless otherwise stated) : Yes

Day Work (Unless otherwise stated) : Day/Night

Rate – 1 Aug 1997 to 31 Aug 1999 : $21.00 per tonne

Rate – 1 Sep 1999 to 31 Aug 2000 : $22.00 per tonne

Rate – 1 Sep 2000 to 31 Aug 2001 : $23.00 per tonne

Est date of commencement : Early 98*

The price quoted does not include GST or other fees which shall be payable by
you as required by any law or rules at any point of time.

* Please give 2 weeks advance notice before date of commencement.

TYPE OF MATERIAL (GRADED AGGREGATES)

The graded aggregates shall consists of graded crushed, clean and hard angular
aggregate complying with the requirements of SS 31 and conforming to the
gradation showing on Table 17.7 of PWD General Specification.

SITE CONDITION

The underlying course shall be checked and accepted by the relevant authority
before placing and spreading of the Graded Aggregates. Any ruts or soft,
yielding places due to improper drainage conditions, hauling or from any other
courses shall be corrected and rolled to the required density prior to placing
of the Graded Aggregates.

The levels of subgrade shall be within the appropriate tolerances stated in
Table 17.2 of PWD General Specification.

SCOPE OF WORK

The material shall be transported directly to the point where it is to be laid
and shall be deposited and spread by a paver finisher in lanes in a uniform
layer without segregation of size to such loose depth that, when compacted,
the thickness of the compacted layer shall not exceed 250 mm.

After spreading the lose material shall be thoroughly compacted. The rolling
shall continue until the material is compacted to a dry density of not less
than 98% of the maximum dry density as determined by BS1377 Test No 14.

OTHER CONDITIONS

This agreement shall not be assigned in part or in whole to any other persons
without the written consent of our company.

All delivery notes acknowledge and signed by your site staff shall be
considered as final proof of receipt of goods delivered and as ordered under
your instructions. You are also advised to have all delivery notes stamped
with your company’s seal.

Payment shall be made on the actual quantity of graded aggregates delivered
and acknowledge on the delivery notes.

PAYMENT TERM

60 days from date of supply.

Interest at the rate of 1% per month will be charged on overdue accounts.

The supplier shall be entitled to withhold further deliveries of premix
without notice if any invoice shall be found unpaid on the due date. In such
case the company may terminate this agreement with immediate effect and not
withstanding the credit term hereby agreed and in recovering such outstanding
payments, plus all legal costs and expenses together with interest accrued
thereon.

COMPENSATION FOR DELAY

Nam Kee shall strictly adhere to your work schedule given to us not later than
2 weeks in advance.

In the event Nam Kee fails to comply with work schedule or within such
reasonable time other than those listed below:

(a) Force majeure

(b) Exceptionally adverse weather conditions the assessment of which shall be
in accordance with the relevant provision in the specifications.

(c) Industrial action by workmen, strikes, lock-outs or embargoes affecting
any of the trades employed upon the works or in the preparation, manufacture
or transportation of materials or goods required for the works and provided
the same are not due to any reasonable act or default of the contractor or of
any subcontractor. Provided that this event shall only apply if the industrial
action by workmen, strike, lock-out or embargo causing the delay is in
Singapore.

(d) Compliance with the requirements of any law, regulation, by-law or public
authority or public service company.

(e) Fire, storm, lightning, high winds or flooding.

Nam Kee shall compensate the main contractor the difference in price and cost
if the same work is being executed by another contractor under this
circumstance.

VALIDITY PERIOD

The validity of this quotation shall be for 14 days from the date of this
Sales Quotation, subject to fluctuation of materials costs. Any amendments to
the conditions must be countersigned by officials from both parties.

If the quotation is in order kindly acknowledge our offer by signing on the
space provided below to signify your acceptance and return the duplicate copy
of this quotation to us soonest possible.

…

[signed]

Desmond Lim

General Manager

\--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I/We
acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions of your Sales Quotation
NKA/GA/SQ/025/97

[signed Tan Eng Siang, Director, Chew Eu Hock Construction Co Pte Ltd]"

11 From a perusal of all its terms, it can be seen that the Aggregates
Contract is a an agreement in which the Plaintiffs undertakes to supply graded
aggregates conforming to certain specifications to the Defendants. The graded
aggregates would be delivered by the Plaintiffs to the MRT contract site. They
would be laid and compacted to a minimum mat thickness of 250 mm in accordance
with certain specifications. The delivery, laying and compaction may be
required to be done by day or night, as can be expected in road works that
interfere with existing public thoroughfare. The Aggregates Contract provides
for the Defendants' staff to sign delivery notes which shall constitute final
proof of receipt of the graded aggregates.

_Minimum Quantity Clause_

12 The following provisions in the Aggregates Contract lead me to the
conclusion that there is no obligation on the Defendants to take the entire
quantity stated:

(i) It is expressly stated that the "Estimated Quantity" is 40,000 tonnes;

(ii) There is only one other reference to quantity, under the title "Other
Conditions", and it provides that payment shall be made on the actual quantity
of graded aggregates delivered as evidenced by the signed delivery notes;

(iii) Under "Payment Term", it is provided that if any invoice relating to any
delivery is not paid on the due date the Plaintiffs may terminate the
agreement immediately and recover such outstanding sum, plus legal costs,
expenses and interest, from the Defendants. It does not provide that the
Plaintiffs shall also be entitled to recover loss of profit from the balance
quantity under the contract. If there had been an intention to oblige the
Plaintiffs to take the entire quantity, it would have been logical and prudent
to make provision for this here; and

(iv) Under "Compensation for Delay" the Defendants may engage another
contractor to carry out the supply and the work if the Plaintiffs failed to
comply with the work schedule. In that event the Plaintiffs is obliged to
compensate the Defendants for any increased cost. If the Defendants were
obliged to take the quantity specified, there ought to be a provision as to
whether such quantity procured from a third party would be treated as being
purchased from the Plaintiffs under the Aggregates Contract in reduction of
the total contract quantity. The contract is silent on this.

13 Counsel for the Plaintiffs submitted that the express term is contained in
the provision "Estimated Quantity: 40,000 Tonnes". He argued that on a true
construction of the terms of the Aggregates Contract, from the viewpoint of
the industry and in the context of the case, the term "Estimated Quantity"
should be interpreted to mean "Minimum Quantity". However he was unable to
give me any cogent reason or authority to justify this conclusion. I should
add that the contract was drafted by the Plaintiffs and see no reason to give
such a strained construction to words that are very clear. "Estimated
Quantity" of 40,000 tonnes can only mean that the quantity specified is only
an estimate and the actual quantity to be paid for by the Defendants is what
was actually ordered, delivered and laid as provided in the "Other Conditions"
clause. There is no express provision for the Defendants to take a minimum
sum. Neither is there any provision in the Aggregates Contract that hints at
such an interpretation. Indeed the other provisions that I have listed above
all point the other way.

_Exclusivity Clause_

14 Counsel for the Plaintiffs said that there is an implied term under the
contract that the Defendants would purchase from the Plaintiffs all the graded
aggregates that they require in respect of the MRT contract. Citing from
_Chitty on Contracts_ (28th Ed.) he submitted that it was clear from the
circumstances of the case and the terms of the written contract that the
parties had intended that the Plaintiffs would be the exclusive supplier for
all the Defendants' requirements in the MRT contract. Paragraphs 13-004,
13-005 and 13-007 of _Chitty_ state as follows:

"**13-004 Intention of parties.** In many cases, however, one or the other of
the parties will seek to imply a term from the wording of a particular
contract and the facts and circumstances surrounding it. The court will be
prepared to imply a term if there arises from the language of the contract
itself, and the circumstances under which it is entered into, an inference
that the parties must have intended the stipulation in question. An
implication of this nature may be made in two situations: first, where it is
necessary to give business efficacy to the contract and, secondly, where the
term implied represents the obvious, but unexpressed, intention of the
parties. These two criteria often overlap and, in many cases, have been
applied cumulatively, although it is submitted that they are, in fat,
alternative grounds. Both, however, depend on the presumed intention of the
parties.

**13-005 Efficacy to contract.** A term will be implied if it is necessary, in
the business sense, to give efficacy to the contract. The general principle of
law was thus stated by Bowen L.J. in _The Moorcock:_

"Now, an implied warranty, or, as it is called, a covenant in law, as
distinguished from an express contract or express warranty, really is in all
cases founded upon the presumed intention of the parties, and upon reason. The
implication which the law draws from what must obviously have been the
intention of the parties, the law draws with the object of giving efficacy to
the transaction and preventing such a failure of consideration as cannot have
been within the contemplation of either side; and I believe if one were to
take all the cases, and there are many, of implied warranties or covenants in
law, it will be found that in all of them the law is raising an implication
from the presumed intention of the parties with the object of giving to the
transaction such efficacy as both parties must have intended that at all
events it should have."

In this situation, although there is an apparently complete bargain, the
courts are willing to add a term on the ground that without it the contract
will not work.

**13-007 Obvious inference from agreement.** A term which has not been
expressed may also be implied if it was so obviously a stipulation in the
agreement that the parties must have intended it to form part of their
contract. "Prima facie that which in any contract is left to be implied and
need not be expressed is something so obvious that it goes without saying; so
that, if while the parties were making their bargain, an officious bystander
were to suggest some express provision for it in the agreement, they would
testily suppress him with a common, 'oh, of course.'" A term will not,
however, thus be implied unless the court is satisfied that _both_ parties
would, as reasonable men, have agreed to it had it been suggested to them. The
knowledge or ignorance of each party of the matter to be implied, or of the
facts on which the implication is based, is therefore a relevant factor.
Further, since "the general presumption is that the parties have expressed
every material term which they intended should govern their contract, whether
in oral or in writing," the court will only imply a term if it is one which
must necessarily have been intended by them, and in particular will be
reluctant to make any implication "where the parties have entered into a
carefully drafted written contract containing detailed terms agreed between
them.""

15 Considering the factors above, firstly there is nothing in the language of
the contract nor in the circumstances under which it was entered into that
raises an inference that the parties had intended that there be an exclusivity
clause. Such a clause is neither necessary to give business efficacy to the
contract nor does it represent the obvious intention of the parties. It is
common for a vendor to give an open quotation to a purchaser for the latter to
make orders as he deems necessary. Implying the exclusivity clause does not
make the contract any more efficacious; instead it alters the nature of the
bargain considerably. As such, I cannot see how it can pass the "officious
bystander" test. I therefore do not see any basis whatsoever to imply the
exclusivity term into the Aggregates Contract.

**The Premix Contract**

16 The Plaintiffs makes similar contentions in respect of the Premix Contract,
i.e. that the Defendants were obliged to take 60,000 tonnes of grade B1 and
8,000 tonnes of grade W asphalt premix and that the Defendants would purchase
these exclusively from the Plaintiffs under the Premix Contract in respect of
the MRT contract. The Defendants equally say that the quantities specified
were not minimum quantities and that there was no exclusivity clause. The
Premix Contract contains terms similar to the Aggregates Contract, but for
completeness I set these out below:

"[To:] Chew Eu Hock Construction Pte Ltd

MRT C704 NEL (MARCH 1998 – March 2001)

SUPPLY, DELIVERY & LAYING OF ASPHALT PREMIX

We refer to the above-mentioned job and submit herewith our quotation and
terms and conditions as follows:

Estimate Tonnage : B1 – 60,000 Tonnes

W3 – 8,000 Tonnes

Mix Design : B1 and W3

Mat Thickness : 80 mm – 120 mm

W/O sensor (Unless otherwise stated) : Yes

Day work (Unless otherwise stated) : Day/Night

Rate (Premix) 1 Aug 1997 to 31 Aug 1999 : $45.00 per tonne

Rate (Premix) 1 Sep 1999 to 31 Aug 2000 : $46.00 per tonne

Rate (Premix) 1 Sep 2000 to 31 Aug 2001 : $47.00 per tonne

Est date of commencement : Early 98*

* Please give 2 weeks advance notice before date of commencement.

The price quoted is for the Supply & Laying of Asphalt Premix, including
spraying of colpave (0.54 litres/m2) and compaction.

The price quoted does not include GST or other fees which shall be payable by
you as required by any law or by-laws, rules and regulations of any Government
Ministry, Statutory boards or other public authorities at any point of time
relevant to the execution of the works.

TYPE OF MIX AND MAT THICKNESS

The mix shall be designed according to Table 17.19 of the current PWD General
Specification March 87 including amendments made in March 92. However, if
there is any changes to this, a copy of the mix design specification to be
submitted to us at least three days before the commencement of the actual work
in order to establish a satisfactory job mix formula.

Any last minute changes to Mix Specification as instructed by your authorised
representatives either at site or from your office shall be amended
accordingly. However, our company will not be responsible for disputes, if
any, arising from these changes.

PREMIX FAILURE AND REIMBURSEMENT

Any claim for reimbursement of premix failure shall be considered provided the
tests were carried out using fresh samples collected and delivered by our
staff and may be witnessed by your staff to an accredited laboratory to
determine conformity with requirements stated in the PWD General
Specification.

We shall not entertain any claim by the client if they fail to produce the
details of test results together with the official penalty imposed by the LTA
within one month from such notice or writing. All reimbursement for test
failure shall be based on our fixed selling price as in this quotation.

SITE CONDITION

The Stone Base on your site should be designed and constructed according to
the specifications of the relevant Government Authorities and should be firm
enough to carry the designed traffic loading. The base material shall be
compacted to a dry density of not less than 98% of the maximum dry density as
determined by BS1377 Test No 14.

Any deficiencies in the construction of the ground resulting in early failure
of our products, our company shall not be held responsible for such premature
failures of the road and consequent remedial works. The deficiencies should be
rectified immediately otherwise our machines will be deployed to other sites
and will return to continue the job only when the deficiencies are rectified.
Extra Mobilisation fees will be charged.

SCOPE OF WORK

The work comprises of the supply of labour, plant, materials, transport and
everything else necessary for the milling of the asphalt pavement (where
applicable) and the supply and laying of the Asphalt premix at locations pre-
arranged by both parties.

The Asphalt Premix supplied will be paved with a paver finisher and compacted
according to relevant authorities requirements.

OTHER CONDITIONS

This agreement shall not be assigned in part or in whole to any other persons
without the written consent of our Company.

All delivery notes acknowledged and signed by your site staff shall be
considered as final proof of receipt of goods delivered and ordered under your
instructions. You are also advised to have all delivery notes stamped with
your Company’s seal.

Payment shall be made on the actual quantity of Asphalt Premix delivered and
acknowledged on the delivery notes.

PAYMENT TERM

60 days from date of supply.

Interest at the rate of 1% per month will be charged on overdue accounts.

The supplier shall be entitled to withhold further deliveries of premix
without notice if any invoice shall be found unpaid on the due date. In such
case, the company may terminate this agreement with immediate effect and not
withstanding the credit term hereby agreed and in recovering such outstanding
payments, plus all legal costs and expenses together with interests accrued
thereon.

VALIDITY PERIOD

The validity of this quotation shall be for 14 days from the date of this
Sales quotation. Any amendments to the conditions must be countersigned by
officials from both parties.

COMPENSATION FOR DELAY

Nam Kee shall strictly adhere to your work schedule given to us not later than
2 weeks in advance.

In the event Nam Kee fails to comply with work schedule or within such
reasonable time other than those listed below:

(a) Force majeure

(b) Exceptionally adverse weather conditions the assessment of which shall be
in accordance with the relevant provision in the specifications.

(c) Industrial action by workmen, strikes, lock-outs or embargoes affecting
any of the trades employed upon the works or in the preparation, manufacture
or transportation of materials or goods required for the works and provided
the same are not due to any reasonable act or default of the contractor or of
any subcontractor. Provided that this event shall only apply if the industrial
action by workmen, strike, lock-out or embargo causing the delay is in
Singapore.

(d) Compliance with the requirements of any law, regulation, by-law or public
authority or public service company.

(e) Fire, storm, lightning, high winds or flooding.

Nam Kee shall compensate the main contractor the difference in price and cost
if the same work is being executed by another contractor under this
circumstance.

If the quotation is in order kindly acknowledge our offer by signing on the
space provided below to signify your acceptance and return the duplicate copy
of this quotation to us soonest possible.

…

[signed]

Desmond Lim

General Manager

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I/We acknowledge and agree to the terms and conditions of your Sales Quotation
NKA/AP/SQ/098/97

[signed Tan Eng Siang, Director, Chew Eu Hock Construction Co Pte Ltd]"

17 The Premix Contract is an agreement in which the Plaintiffs undertakes to
supply asphalt premix conforming to certain specifications to the Defendants'.
The asphalt premix would be delivered by the Plaintiffs to the MRT contract
site. They would be laid and compacted to a mat thickness of between 80 and
120 mm in accordance with certain specifications. The work may also be
required to be done by day or night. The Premix Contract provides for the
Defendants' staff to sign delivery notes which shall constitute final proof of
receipt of the graded aggregates.

18 The Premix Contract contains four provisions similar to those I have listed
in respect of the Aggregates Contract and they also lead me to the conclusion
that the Defendants were not obliged to take the quantities specified.
Briefly, such provisions in the Premix Contract are:

(i) It is expressly stated that the "Estimated Tonnage" are 40,000 tonnes of
grade B1 and 8,000 tonnes of grade W asphalt premix;

(ii) There is only one other reference to quantity, under the title "Other
Conditions", which provides that payment shall be made on the actual quantity
of asphalt premix delivered;

(iii) Under "Payment Term", there is a similar provision that the Plaintiffs
may terminate the agreement upon failure by the Defendants to pay any invoice
and recover such outstanding sum, plus legal costs, expenses and interest,
from the Defendants. Again there is no provision that the Plaintiffs shall
also be entitled to recover loss of profit from the balance quantity under the
contract; and

(iv) Under "Compensation for Delay" there is a similar provision that the
Defendants may engage another contractor to carry out the supply if the
Plaintiffs failed to comply with the work schedule. Similarly there is no
provision as to whether such quantity procured from a third party would be
treated as being purchased from the Plaintiffs under the Premix Contract in
reduction of the total contract quantity.

19 Counsel for the Plaintiffs made the same arguments in respect of the Premix
Contract as in the Aggregates Contract, i.e. that on a true construction of
the terms of the Premix Contract, the court ought to interpret the term
"Estimated Tonnage" to mean "Minimum Tonnage" and that an exclusivity clause
is implied. And for the same reasons that I have given in respect of the
Aggregates Contract, I am unable to agree with him.

LEE SEIU KIN

JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

SUPREME COURT

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Mar 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

