Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gema Metal Ceilings (Far East) Pte Ltd v Iwatani Techno Construction (M)
Sdn Bhd  
[2000] SGHC 37

Case Number | : | Suit 2151/1998  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 March 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chan Seng Onn JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  William Da Silva (W P Da Silva & Co) and Lee Mong Jen (Leong Chua & Wong) for the plaintiffs; Danny Chua and Mohd Goush Marikan (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Gema Metal Ceilings (Far East) Pte Ltd â€” Iwatani Techno Construction (M) Sdn Bhd   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

__

__**GROUNDS OF JUDGMENT**

1 The plaintiffs claimed the sums of S$143,250 and RM 232,943.45 from the
defendants, being amounts due in respect of certain security clips and metal
strip ceilings sold and delivered by them to the defendants at the defendants'
request. The defendants denied the plaintiffs' claim and counterclaimed,
_inter alia_ , for loss and damage suffered by them on the ground of the
plaintiffs' breach of contract in failing to supply a proper metal strip
ceiling system of merchantable or satisfactory quality or one which was fit
for its purpose, or alternatively, that there was a separate contract for the
design of the metal ceiling system and that the plaintiffs had breached their
obligations under this contract.

2 At the start of the trial, the parties agreed that only the question of
liability was to be determined at this stage with damages to be assessed
separately at a later date. As such, this judgment is concerned only with
liability.

**_

Background facts

_ **

3 The plaintiffs were manufacturers and suppliers of strip ceiling systems.
They were incorporated in Singapore in 1992 as a subsidiary of the well-known
Swiss corporation Gema Metaldecken AG, one of the world's leading metal
ceiling manufacturers.

4 The defendants, a company incorporated in Malaysia, were the nominated sub-
contractors engaged by Perspect-Tasisei Kajima Shimizu Hazama Consortium ("the
main contractor") for the construction of Hyperbolic-Parabolic and Curved
Metal Linear Strip Ceilings on the underside of the roof to the main terminal
building, contact pier and baggage handling system of the Kuala Lumpur
International Airport at Sepang in Malaysia ("the KLIA Project").

5 By the terms of the contract between the defendants and the main contractor,
the defendants were responsible for the design and installation of the metal
ceiling system in both the internal and external areas of the KLIA. The
present dispute relates only to the external metal ceiling system at the KLIA.

6 Annexed to the sub-contract documents between the defendants and the main
contractor was a list of specifications issued by the airport authorities as
part of the main contract documents. In the section titled 'H31 Architectural
Specifications - Metal Sheet Covering: Roof and Combined Ceiling', it was
specifically stated at Clause 42 that the installation shall withstand a wind
loading relative to a maximum wind velocity of 35.5 m/s. At the same time, the
sub-contract document itself also specified that Chapter V: Part 2 of the
British Standard Code of Practice for the structural use of aluminium was to
be the applicable design code for wind loads in relation to the KLIA Project.

7 Between late 1995 and early 1996, negotiations ensued between the plaintiffs
and the defendants concerning how they could work together in respect of the
KLIA Project. Throughout this time, many meetings were held by the parties
either at the plaintiffs' or the defendants' office. Any negotiation or
correspondence between the parties would be conducted mainly through Mr Werner
Bolt (PW1) on behalf of the plaintiffs, and Mr Masahito Nanko (DW1) on behalf
of the defendants.

8 On 13 November 1995, PW1 and DW1 met at the defendants' office in Kuala
Lumpur. At this meeting, the following matters were agreed upon:

> (i) The plaintiffs would appoint someone from their side as a Design Manager
> to provide Computer Assisted Drawings (CAD) and attend site meetings in
> Kuala Lumpur;
>
> (ii) The Design Manager appointed by the plaintiffs would be responsible for
> preparing most of the drawings required by the main-contractor in respect of
> the KLIA Project;
>
> (iii) The plaintiffs would issue their official quotation for the strip
> ceiling system to the defendants as soon as possible; and
>
> (iv) The submitted price in the quotation would be inclusive of the cost of
> supplying the Design Manager and the work to be undertaken by him..

9 On 23 November 1995, the plaintiffs submitted a quotation in writing to the
defendants for the supply of strip ceilings. It stated, _inter alia_ , that:

> The price reduction for supply only without any technical and drawing
> service would be 20%.

10 On 13 January 1996, the defendants issued a letter of intent ("the letter
of intent") to the plaintiffs confirming their intention to enter into a
contract with the latter for the design and supply of metal ceiling materials
for the KLIA Project. This letter was expressed to be subject to satisfactory
negotiation of terms and conditions.

11 Various other correspondence and meetings between the parties followed,
although no formal contract was ever entered into between them. A practice
soon developed whereby purchase orders for various components of the metal
ceiling system would be issued by the defendants to the plaintiffs and the
said components would subsequently be delivered by the plaintiffs to the
defendants. The plaintiffs also issued invoices for payment in respect of the
deliveries made. Aside from the invoices for goods supplied, separate invoices
were also issued by the plaintiffs containing the words 'Being costs for
design, engineering and draughtsman work' in the column titled 'Description'.
The date of the first purchase order issued by the plaintiffs was 11 June
1996.

12 At this juncture, it is perhaps pertinent to set out in some detail the
structure of the external metal ceiling system at the KLIA.

_**

Structure of the external metal ceiling system at the KLIA

**_

13 The entire external metal ceiling system used in the KLIA can be described
as a sort of suspended ceiling system. It can roughly be divided into two
separate sections. The first, or upper section consists of layers of stainless
steel sheets, cement boards and rock wool which are firmly attached to the
steel roof structure of the ceiling by way of steel purlins (_Exhibit D5_).
Attached to the purlins by way of special clips are the vertical ceiling
hangers which hang perpendicularly to the roof structure. At the lower end of
each hanger is a feature called the Primary Angle, an elongated L-shaped steel
bar which is attached to the hanger via nuts and bolts. This entire upper
section of the ceiling may be referred to as the suspension system or simply,
the upper section.

14 Below the suspension system is the lower section of the ceiling which
consists of supporting carrier rails (_Exhibit D2_) that are screwed on to the
Primary Angles in such a way that they run horizontally, or parallel to the
steel roof structure. Attached at cross-angles to the underside of the carrier
rails are the metal strip ceilings (_Exhibit D1_). Each strip is made of a
thin, flat piece of aluminium measuring about 100mm in width and up to 3.2m in
length. One side of the strip consists of a timber finish. In order to install
the strips onto the ceiling system, the ends of each strip along its length
are bent inwards, so that the curved edges can be secured to the carrier rails
by way of clip-ins, or flaps in the carrier rails which are punched-out and
folded down to allow the curved edge of the ceiling strips to be clipped
around them. The ceiling strips are placed closely together with its timber
surface facing downwards. Each strip is separated by what is known as a
capping profile (_Exhibit D3_), a long, thin and flat strip of metal which,
together with the clip-ins, aid in securing the strips to the carrier rails.
The distance between each carrier rail is not fixed and can be varied
depending on the design of the system. Before or at the time of the incidents
(described below), the carrier rails used at the KLIA were supported at a
distance or spacing of 1.2m.

15 For the purposes of the KLIA Project, only D1, D2 and D3 were supplied by
the plaintiffs to the defendants. The other parts of the metal ceiling system,
particularly, those comprising the upper section, were sourced by the
defendants from local suppliers in Malaysia and elsewhere. The total surface
area of strip ceilings supplied by the plaintiffs to the defendants for the
KLIA Project was in the region of about 120,000 square metres, while the total
value of the plaintiffs' charges for the external ceiling system amounted to
about RM5m.

_**

The incidents

**_

16 On 27 June 1997, a few of the metal ceiling strips (_i.e., D1_) dislodged
from the carrier rails and fell. This was followed by one or two similar
incidents over the next six months. It is significant that on each occasion in
which the strips dislodged, the carrier rails and everything else above them,
i.e., the upper or suspended section of the ceiling system, remained intact
and did not fall.

17 Subsequently, a series of wind-pressure and wind-tunnel tests were carried
out on a mock-up of the KLIA ceiling system in Hong Kong by a firm of
engineering consultants called J A Shillinglaw & Associates. It appears that
the first test on 11 December 1997 was commissioned by the plaintiffs, while
subsequent tests carried out on 12, 13, 30 and 31 December 1997 ("the later
tests") were commissioned by the defendants only. There was some measure of
disagreement at the trial whether or not the plaintiffs were aware or approved
of the later tests carried out by the defendants. In the same vein, much
argument was also raised before the trial regarding the admissibility of the
later tests' results and/or the opinion given thereon on the ground of
hearsay. I shall address these arguments later on in my judgment.

18 Following the above tests, the defendants requested the plaintiffs to
design and produce a security clip which would prevent the strip ceilings from
falling. The plaintiffs subsequently manufactured and supplied these security
clips (_Exhibit D10_) to the defendants, although it appeared that no
agreement was ever reached regarding payment for the clips.

19 Apart from installing the security clips which served to fortify and
strengthen the grip or connection between the curved edges of the strip
ceilings and the capping profiles, the defendants also undertook various other
rectification works in respect of the external ceiling system.

20 The KLIA became fully operational and was officially opened at the end of
June 1998.

_**

The Plaintiffs' Case

**_

21 The plaintiffs' claim was in the main for two separate sums of S$143,250
and RM232,943.45 respectively. It is proposed to deal with these two amounts
separately.

_**Claim for S$143,250**_

22 This amount was for the security clips supplied by the plaintiffs to the
defendants after the collapse of the strip ceilings at the KLIA. Upon
receiving the defendants' request for the supply of the security clips, the
plaintiffs requested for the issuance of formal purchase orders. The
defendants refused, stating that they had understood the supply of the clips
to be free of charge. This suggestion was rejected by the plaintiffs who
alleged that the defendants had, at the time when they requested for the
supply of the clips, already defaulted in payments approximating the sum of
RM500,000. As a result, the plaintiffs counterproposed in writing to the
defendants, requesting the latter to first make payment of the arrears
amounting to RM500,000 in which event the usual credit terms would be granted
to the defendants in respect of the security clips. Alternatively, the clips
would be supplied on a strictly cash-on-delivery basis. The defendants replied
that they would pay the RM500,000.

23 In consequence, the plaintiffs contended that there was an acceptance by
the defendants of the former's terms of supply for the security clips, i.e.,
that the clips would be paid for, albeit on the usual credit basis. The
plaintiffs also drew the court's attention to the following words contained in
their standard form invoice:

> Please check that our interpretation of your order is correct and in
> accordance with your requirements and inform us immediately in case of any
> discrepancies. Gema is not responsible for items manufactured incorrectly
> but in accordance with our acknowledgement.

In view of the fact that the defendants made no objection in writing upon
receipt of the disputed invoice for the security clips, the plaintiffs
submitted that they had proven their claim for S$143,250 on a balance of
probability.

_**

Claim for RM232,943.45

**_

24 This claim comprised of various allegedly unpaid invoices.

_**

Invoice No. 602526

**_

This was for a sum of RM225.20 for which the plaintiffs agreed at the trial to
give a credit note to the defendants.

_**

Invoice No. 97568

**_

This was for a sum of RM21,251 in respect of certain airfreight charges which
the plaintiffs alleged they did not agree to bear. Again, the plaintiffs
submitted that no objection in writing was made by the defendants upon receipt
of this invoice and as such the defendants should be liable for the invoiced
sum.

_**

Invoice No. 97693

**_

This was for a sum of RM2,830.46 for the supply of certain tiles to the
defendants. No other evidence was led by the plaintiffs in respect of this
claim save that they again pointed out that no objection in writing was made
by the defendants upon receipt of this invoice as a result of which the
defendants were liable for the sum claimed.

_**

The remaining invoices

**_

The balance of the plaintiffs' claim under this head totalled RM208,636.79.
This amount was in respect of various invoices issued for components D1, D2
and D3 which were supplied to the defendants before the first collapse of the
ceiling strips at the KLIA ("the original supply").

_**

The Defence and Counterclaim

**_

25 Save for the plaintiffs' claim for the original supply of D1, D2 and D3,
the rest of the plaintiffs' claim was denied by the defendants. The defendants
alleged firstly that there was a contract between the parties in which it was
the plaintiffs' responsibility both to design, as well as to supply the
materials for, the metal ceiling system. It was submitted that the plaintiffs
had breached the contract for design in that they had failed to design a
ceiling system which complied with the specifications for the KLIA Project as
set out in the nominated sub-contract documents. Secondly, the defendants also
alleged that the plaintiffs were late in delivering certain capping profiles
(D3), leading to them having to incur additional transport, customs and other
miscellaneous expenses. Thirdly, the defendants alleged that the plaintiffs
failed to deliver various shipping and other documents in time for clearance
from customs, resulting in additional port and storage charges having to be
incurred. Various other claims were also put forward by the defendants at the
start, although most of them were readily abandoned by counsel at the close of
the trial. It is thus not proposed to go into these other heads of claims. I
shall proceed to deal only with the three heads as set out above.

_**

Claim for breach of contract in the design of the metal ceiling system

**_

26 The defendants submitted that the plaintiffs had contracted with them not
only to manufacture and supply the requisite quantities of D1, D2 and D3, but
also to design the external ceiling system intended for use at the KLIA. It
was the defendants' contention that the scope of the plaintiffs'
responsibility to design the metal ceiling system covered not only the
technical design of D1, D2 and D3, but also included the determination of the
appropriate spacing between D2 (i.e, the supporting carrier rails). In any
event, it was incumbent on the plaintiffs to ensure that the design of the
metal ceiling system as a whole was suitable and fit for its purpose and that
the system as a whole together with its individual components were of
merchantable or satisfactory quality.

27 The defendants sought to prove that the scope of the contract included
design (as opposed to just supply) by reference to the following. First, the
court's attention was drawn to the various invoices issued by the plaintiffs
which were stated to be in respect of costs for 'design, engineering and
draughtsman work'. DW1, a director of the defendant company, in his affidavit
of evidence-in-chief pointed out the fact that the apportionment of costs for
materials supplied and services rendered in the proportion of 70:30 meant that
the plaintiffs had charged a whopping RM1.5m for design and engineering
services altogether. As such, they could not now deny that the scope of the
contract did not include design of the metal ceiling system. DW1 also denied
PW1's suggestion that the apportionment was a sham entered into to allow the
defendants to evade Malaysian import tax. He stated that the initial request
to split the costs into cost for supply and cost for services originated from
the plaintiffs themselves. This was clearly borne out in the plaintiffs' fax
of 23 November 1995 stipulating that any reduction in price for "technical and
drawing service" would be 20% (see 9 above). It was only subsequently that the
defendants requested for the split to be in the proportion of 70:30. DW1
explained that the reason for this was because fees for services were paid in
cash while that for materials were paid by way of letter of credit ("L/C"). As
such, by increasing the non-L/C or cash component of payment from 20% to 30%,
the defendants would obtain a larger safety margin to hold back payment in the
event of problems with their suppliers. While DW1 admitted that he was aware
from experience that tax on services was normally less than tax on materials,
the fact that his company's proposal of allocating costs in the proportion of
70:30 might inadvertently lead to a savings in tax did not occur to him at
that time. DW1 testified that his only concern was that the total price
charged by the plaintiffs fell within his overall budget for the KLIA Project
and it did not really matter to him how the costs for materials and services
were finally apportioned.

28 Next, it was also stressed that the plaintiffs had constantly provided shop
drawings to the defendants which drawings the defendants relied on to install
the metal ceiling system. It was the defendants' case that these drawings
could only have been produced by the party responsible for designing the
system. One Kenneth James Patterson - Kane (DW2), a civil engineer by training
and profession, gave expert evidence on behalf of the defendants. DW2 opined
that the shop drawings produced by the plaintiffs were in essence engineering
or technical designs or plans, given the fact that the structural elements of
the ceiling together with their respective sizes and spacings were all
defined. He confirmed that it was industry practice to refer to such drawings
as "shop drawings". DW2 also explained that the expression "for approval"
contained in many of the shop drawings supplied by the plaintiffs meant only
that the drawings were for the approval of the owners' consultants, in this
case, the airport authority's consultants. He added however that any approval
given by the owners' consultants was normally subject to such conditions or
restrictions as would exclude responsibility for design and dimensions. In
DW2's view, such drawings would also eventually be used to install the ceiling
as detailed in the drawings. DW2 further confirmed that any shop drawings
submitted for approval would normally be based on the applicable structural
design in accordance with applicable design loads. Such technical information
and data, it was said, was proprietary and could only have been within the
plaintiffs' exclusive possession. In support of this contention, the
defendants relied on the following which was printed at the top right-hand
corner of the shop drawings supplied by the plaintiffs:

> GEMA METAL CEILINGS GROUP CLAIMS PROPRIETARY RIGHTS IN THE INFORMATION
> DISCLOSED HEREIN.

In the defendants' view, the fact that the plaintiffs found it necessary to
reserve their claims of proprietary rights in the information disclosed was
clear evidence that the plaintiffs regarded the information as their property
which was not to be used by others without their prior consent. Reference was
further made to a specific shop drawing in which the carrier rail (D2) was
expressly described as a 'continuous galvanised steel _proprietary_ carrier
profile'. That all necessary data was within the exclusive purview of the
plaintiffs pointed to the fact that responsibility for design could only have
been theirs.

29 Emphasis was also placed on the fact that the plaintiffs had continually
refused to divulge important technical information and data on D1, D2 and D3
to the defendants, despite repeated requests by the latter. It was confirmed
by DW2 that D1, D2 and D3 were all proprietary components. As such, it was not
possible for the defendants to have designed the ceiling system when crucial
technical information on the ceiling components was not forthcoming. Counsel
for the defendants referred to a fax dated 10 May 1996 from the defendants to
the plaintiffs wherein DW1 had requested for technical information on the
"tensile load" for certain components of the ceiling system. More
specifically, there was a request for information on 'how tight the strip
ceiling will clip/hold when wind pressure is given'. In reply, the plaintiffs
wrote:

> Such a test for pull down is not existing and as far as I know nobody has
> such a test ever done, I am sorry, I can't help you in this matter.

Nothing whatsoever was said about the "tensile load" information requested for
by the defendants, nor was it specifically stated that the ceiling system
could not withstand prevailing wind pressures. Dissatisfied with the response,
DW1 wrote again to the plaintiffs on 13 May 1996, stating:

> Please let us know your comment as manufacture for such a doubt. Do you have
> any recommendation of material for inside and outside after considering such
> a doubt?

Nothing further was received from the plaintiffs with regard to this matter.
Under cross-examination, DW1 testified that he did at some point orally ask
PW1 if the ceiling system could withstand the "situation of the Project", to
which PW1 had replied, "No worry, no problem". As a result, DW1 trusted that
the plaintiffs would design the metal ceiling system properly. He further
explained in cross-examination that the defendants did not go to some other
expert or engineer to obtain the information which the plaintiffs refused to
provide because to do so would have been an exercise in futility. The reason
for this was because the information was proprietary, and as such, the only
party privy to it were the plaintiffs. Hence, the defendants had no choice but
to trust the plaintiffs and to proceed with the installation based on the shop
drawings provided by the latter. No further insistence on a disclosure of the
information was made as it was assumed that the plaintiffs were legitimately
seeking to protect their proprietary rights. DW2, the expert, also gave
evidence that without the relevant technical data of the ceiling components,
it would not have been possible for the defendants or anyone for that matter
to calculate with accuracy the maximum wind speed which the ceiling system
would be able to withstand. Such calculations could only be done if
information contained in the manufacturer's data sheets or the load test
results were disclosed.

30 DW1 also gave evidence that before liasing with the plaintiffs, the
defendants had in fact previously negotiated with a leading firm of metal
ceiling specialists, M/s Chicago Metallic for the design of the metal ceiling
system. These earlier negotiations had failed precisely because Chicago
Metallic could not provide design services for the ceiling system, which
services the defendants required. While it was admitted that the defendants
were no doubt in the construction industry, it was explained that the metal
ceiling system intended for use in the KLIA was a complex three-dimensional
system with which the defendants had had no prior experience nor expertise. As
such, they specifically required a separate firm of professionals to design
the system for them.

31 DW1 further testified that during the period between 8 September 1995 to 19
February 1998, both the defendants' and the plaintiffs' representatives,
including DW1 and PW1, held over 37 meetings to discuss the various aspects of
the works to be carried out by the respective parties. Throughout these
meetings, PW1 had frequently emphasised that part of the Gema Group's strategy
was the provision of design and engineering services. DW1 also stressed that
the defendants were very careful to select a partner with the necessary
expertise in designing the metal ceiling system, and that this was in fact his
"basic condition" in determining who to work with. He further opined that if
the plaintiffs' role had indeed been confined only to the manufacture and
supply of D1, D2 and D3, then there would absolutely have been no need for
them to have produced shop drawings in relation to the KLIA Project. Moreover,
DW1 also referred to a meeting between himself and PW1 at the plaintiffs'
office in which DW1 had personally handed over a ring-binder file (_Exhibit
D6_) containing the tender documents for the KLIA Project together with the
full specifications for the metal ceiling system to PW1. He testified that PW1
left the room with the file, but came back in shortly without it. The file was
subsequently returned to DW1 only some two or three hours later, leading him
to assume that the plaintiffs must have or must be taken to have made
photocopies of the contents therein.

32 Reference was next made to the meeting held at the defendants' office on 13
November 1995 (see 8 above) at which it was agreed that the plaintiffs would
appoint a Design Manager and would produce CAD drawings required by the main
contractor. Furthermore, Mr Sam Kiew Hong (PW2) of the plaintiffs, with whom
the defendants frequently dealt during the course of the Project, consistently
referred to himself as a "Design Manager" in all of his correspondence with
the defendants. Additionally, he had also written several letters to the
defendants in which were contained illustrations and comments on how the
components of the suspension system should best be affixed. Furthermore,
reliance was also placed on PW2's admission in court that he was the one who
had determined for the spacing between the carrier rails to be fixed at 1.2m.
All this, the defendants contended, was evidence that the plaintiffs were
actively involved in making recommendations on the design and dimensions of
the ceiling system.

33 With respect to the letter of intent dated 13 January 1996, DW1 explained
that he had used the words 'subject to satisfactory negotiation of terms and
conditions' to mean that only conditions relating to price and the terms of
payment were left outstanding at that time. In his view, the agreement to
design had already been confirmed and as such, there was no need to negotiate
further on this.

34 Finally, the defendants relied on the expert evidence of DW2 to show that
the design of the metal ceiling system was faulty and that the system provided
by the plaintiffs was not fit for its purpose. It was not in dispute that DW2
did not attend any of the tests carried out by J A Shillinglaw & Associates in
Hong Kong. He had the opportunity however to examine the reports and results
of those tests and gave his opinion in the form of a written report dated 18
October 1999 which was exhibited to his affidavit of evidence-in-chief. In his
report, DW2 opined that the design of the metal ceiling system at the KLIA was
deficient in two respects:

> (a) The strength of the clip connections between the ceiling strips and the
> carrier rails was inadequate; and
>
> (b) The carrier rails were not strong enough to span the 1.2m distance or
> spacing between their supports.

Strenuous objection was taken by counsel for the plaintiffs with respect to
the admissibility of this evidence on the ground that it was an opinion based
on hearsay evidence as the makers of the Shillinglaw reports were not called
to testify. As before, I shall revert to this point again later in my
judgment.

35 In court, DW2 gave evidence that the design code normally used in Malaysia
to establish design wind pressures is the British Standard Code of Practice,
Chapter V Part 2 and that this would normally be within the knowledge of any
civil engineer in Malaysia doing design work. In DW2's view, the design wind
speed that is normally adopted for use in Malaysia, albeit not specified in
any construction regulation, is 30 m/s. It was also added that it is standard
industry practice for the party designing an external metal ceiling system to
take into account prevailing wind pressures in the area.

_**

Claim for late delivery of capping profiles

**_

36 In support of this claim, the defendants relied on a fax written by PW1 to
the defendants dated 7 May 1997 in which PW1 expressly admitted that there was
a delay in the delivery of the capping profiles due to a "production mistake
in the factory". When cross-examined on this in court, PW1 conceded that this
must have been the case, given that he had written the fax himself.

_**

Claim for late delivery of documents

**_

37 The defendants contended that the terms of shipment and delivery were CIF
Port Klang in Malaysia. An endorsement printed on Purchase Order No.
ITC/GEMA/P/035 required all shipments to be made between 1 November 1996 and
31 May 1997. Whilst conceding that all the containers of goods did in fact
arrive before or within the month of May 1997, it was nevertheless submitted
that this was not a sufficient discharge of a seller's obligations under a CIF
contract. In the defendants' view, the obligations of the plaintiffs in this
case could only be said to have been fulfilled when the relevant bills of
lading and insurance policies were actually handed over to the defendants. As
some of these documents were only received after May 1997, the defendants
submitted that there was breach of the CIF terms of the contract on the part
of the plaintiffs.

_**

Plaintiffs' defence to counterclaim

**_

38 The plaintiffs denied that an agreement was ever reached between the
parties in which the plaintiffs had agreed to undertake the structural design
and engineering of the KLIA Project in accordance with the specifications of
the sub-contract documents. It was submitted that it is the court's duty to
ascertain the intention of the parties from the evidence before it, and to
this end, what needs to be determined is the objective intention of the
parties. Throughout the trial, considerable emphasis was placed by counsel for
the plaintiffs on the fact that it was the defendants who were the nominated
sub-contractors of the KLIA Project, and as such, responsibility for design of
the ceiling system must have been something within their exclusive province.

39 In response to the defendants' attempt to use the plaintiffs' invoices
which prescribed a fee for 'design, engineering and draughtsman work' as
evidence showing agreement by the plaintiffs to undertake the design of the
ceiling system, PW1 testified that the idea for the apportionment of costs
into that for materials and that for services originated from the defendants.
He personally had no objection to this as it meant nothing to the plaintiffs
who were only concerned with the total value invoiced. PW1 further testified
in court that from his experience in the business, he imagined that the
defendants' intention in requesting for the apportionment was presumably to
reduce import taxes payable on materials in Malaysia. He added that the words
'design, engineering and draughtsman work' used in the invoices had no
particular meaning and were meant only to make the plaintiffs' quotation or
offer more competitive. He conceded however that all this was not mentioned in
his affidavit of evidence-in-chief but explained that the reason for this
omission was that he did not want to get the defendants into further trouble
in view of the then fairly good relationship between the parties. PW1 also
alluded to the fact that 30% of the total price of the contract amounted to
nearly RM2.4m which was a preposterous sum to pay for drawings. According to
the defendants' own witness DW2, the most that he would charge for design
inclusive of calculations was approximately S$100,000 for a total of 50
drawings. As such, the 30% apportioned for services in this case could not
possibly have reflected the actual services rendered. It was further implied
that DW1's reasons for varying the apportionment were questionable in view of
his admission that he knew from previous experience that tax on services was
generally less than tax on materials. Moreover, DW1 had also admitted that the
defendants did in some way benefit from the import duty saved.

40 The plaintiffs next produced a table of Profit and Loss Comparison which
purportedly showed that there was only a mark-up of 2.08% as at the date of
quotation between the 70% invoiced to the defendants for materials and the
cost price at which the plaintiffs had purchased those materials. This, it was
submitted, was before the plaintiffs' usual security factor of some 35% for
exchange rate fluctuations was even taken into account. As such, it was
contended that the plaintiffs' 70% invoice could not be a true reflection of
the actual sale price of the materials to the defendants, which was really
100% of the value stated on the defendants' purchase orders.

41 PW1 also averred in his affidavit that the only responsibility which the
plaintiffs undertook in this case was to assist in designing and producing
Computer Assisted Drawings (CAD). Such drawings, it was said, were mere
Proposal Drawings, which were not the equivalent of engineering or technical
designs or plans. Rather, such drawings were mere illustrations proposing the
general concept of strip ceiling suspension systems. In this case, the
Proposal Drawings were produced based on instructions provided by the
defendants and it was alleged that the defendants were free to and did in fact
make changes or alterations to the drawings without the prior approval of the
plaintiffs. Much reliance was also placed on the fact that all the drawings
produced by the plaintiffs had the words "for approval" stamped on them and
that the plaintiffs were consistently described as being manufacturers only.
In the same vein, PW2 also gave evidence that he was only employed as a
designer and a draughtsman and was not a professional engineer by training.
The difference between a mere draughtsman and an engineer was recognised by
DW1 who himself testified that a drawing done by a draughtsman could not be
regarded as sound or safe until an engineer had certified it to be so. PW2
admitted however that it was he who had suggested that the carrier rails in
this case be positioned at a distance or spacing of 1.2m. Nevertheless, it was
alleged that the defendants had their own Project Manager, one Mr. Y Ishino,
and a full-time draughtsman, one Mr Aidros Osman, both of whom could have
designed or checked on the design of the metal ceiling system. Moreover, the
defendants had themselves chosen not to follow the plaintiffs' proposals for
the suspension system but elected instead to source for the components of the
suspension system (i.e., the upper section) from their own local suppliers. In
addition, DW1 had also chosen D1, D2 and D3 himself, without having to rely on
PW1's advice or opinion. Thereafter, the defendants had also appointed their
own firm of contractors, Decolite Industries, headed by one Dr C K Lim, a
specialist ceiling consultant, to install the entire ceiling system, which
included the components D1, D2 and D3 supplied by the plaintiffs. Dr Lim, whom
it was alleged was privy to most of the ongoing negotiations between the
parties at that time, was not called by the defendants as a witness. As such,
it was submitted that the court ought to draw an adverse inference against
them.

42 The plaintiffs further made the point that at no time did either party
document any agreement whereby the plaintiffs expressly agreed to design the
ceiling system. Instead, the contemporaneous written correspondence referred
only to quotations for metal ceiling _materials_ , as opposed to the metal
ceiling _system_. That DW1 might have intended for both to mean the same thing
was irrelevant so far as the plaintiffs were concerned as they could not be
presumed to have been aware of DW1's own subjective intention. The plaintiffs
also brought forward the point that there was no written contract to design
the system. This omission, it was said, was particularly glaring given that
the value of the entire KLIA Project totalled some RM21m, coupled with the
fact that there was a comprehensive sub-contract in writing between the
defendants and the main contractor which set out in considerable detail the
defendants' obligations and liabilities. Moreover, DW1 had himself admitted
that it was normal practice for parties to enter into a written contract in
such cases. As for the letter of intent dated 13 January 1996, PW1 testified
that the fact that it was stated to be subject to satisfactory negotiation of
terms and conditions showed that there was then no contract at all. As no
negotiation ever took place, it could not be said that any contract was ever
entered into in pursuance of this letter of intent.

43 In relation to the defendants' fax of 10 May 1996 requesting for
information on the "tensile load" of certain materials and the plaintiffs'
reply saying that they could not help, the plaintiffs submitted that it was
inconceivable that the defendants or any client would simply accept such a
reply and let the matter rest if the plaintiffs were indeed employed as the
engineer or designer responsible for designing the metal ceiling system. The
fact that the defendants were content not to pursue the matter further showed
that the plaintiffs could not have been appointed as engineers in charge of
designing the ceiling system. Reference was also made to a fax dated 27 March
1996 in which the plaintiffs had expressly informed the defendants that the
latter's request for technical details and static calculations far exceeded
what the plaintiffs as metal ceiling manufacturers were bound to provide. It
was further stated in the said fax:

> â€¦ [W]e are not an civil engineer office to give calculation into the market.
> We have done test according to the German DIN norm system, and therefore
> will guarantee certain facts.
>
> But in no way do we give know-how for calculations or manufacturing/design
> into the market, if for example a certain dead load is requested we either
> confirm that our ceiling system has been tested for it or is unable to
> comply. But we do not provide calculation details.

It was submitted that the above showed that the plaintiffs were only a
supplier of metal ceiling materials, and that the provision of a draughtsman
was merely incidental. The plaintiffs further relied on a Durability Warranty
for materials issued by them to the defendants at the latter's request. It was
contended that as the warranty extended only to _materials_ , there could not
possibly have been an assumption of responsibility for designing the _system_
on the plaintiffs' part.

44 Counsel for the plaintiffs further submitted that little reliance should be
placed on the alleged verbal or oral assurance by the plaintiffs that they
could design the metal ceiling system, or to the effect that it was "no worry,
no problem". First, it was contended that mere oral testimony unsubstantiated
by documentary proof was necessarily subject to the failings of memory and the
passage of time. This problem was further compounded in the present case in
view of DW1's limited grasp of the English language. At the trial, counsel for
the plaintiffs attacked DW1's competency, or the lack thereof, in the English
language. It was DW1's own testimony that at the start of the parties'
negotiations in 1995, he could understand about 70% or 80% of the oral English
in an ordinary conversation. Moreover, the fact that a Japanese interpreter
had to be present in court to assist DW1 in his testimony must be taken as
further indication that the actual degree of his ability to express himself
clearly in the English language was in serious doubt. As such, any form of
communication emanating from DW1, whether in written form or orally made,
should be treated with circumspection by the court. In particular, it was
pertinent that DW1 did not refer to any alleged oral assurance by PW1 in any
of his faxes to the plaintiffs after the strip ceilings fell.

45 With respect to the defendants' assertion that they had no choice but to
trust the plaintiffs as the latter refused to disclose crucial material data
and technical information, the plaintiffs relied on DW1's admission that the
defendants already had possession of samples of D1, D2 and D3 from as early as
December 1995 or January 1996. Furthermore, the defendants had thereafter
built their own mock-up using D1, D2 and D3 and locally-obtained materials for
the suspension system. Counsel for the plaintiffs even went so far as to
suggest that DW1 could in any event have obtained any raw material data which
he required directly and personally from the plaintiffs' factories in Europe
by himself! Alternatively, the defendants could and should have engaged their
own civil engineer to verify and calculate if the metal ceiling system met the
wind speed requirement of 35.5 m/s. Such an engineer would then have been able
to arrange for the appropriate wind loading or other test to be carried out to
determine if the requirements of the sub-contract were met, and if necessary,
to build a mock-up of the entire ceiling and subject it to a wind-tunnel test
similar to that which was done in Hong Kong after the incidents.

46 Reliance was next placed on DW1's admission that wind speed requirement was
an important design consideration. Despite the importance of this to him, DW1
confirmed that he did not highlight the specific wind speed requirement of
35.5 m/s to the plaintiffs because he assumed that it was a common thing which
PW1 ought to have known. While PW1 did not deny that DW1 did indeed hand over
an entire file of documents (_Exhibit D6_) to him at his office, it was
asserted that there was no written acknowledgement or record of exactly what
documents were contained in the file at the time it was handed over. PW1
further testified that he only took copies of those pages relating to the
manufacturing requirements of ceiling materials and did not recall seeing any
wind speed requirement. In any event, even if he had seen such a requirement,
he would not have paid much regard to it as the plaintiffs were merely
suppliers of D1, D2 and D3. Hence, it could not be said that the defendants
had made known to the plaintiffs their intention to use D1, D2 and D3 in a
metal ceiling system which was capable of withstanding a wind speed of
35.5m/s.

47 It was further submitted that even if the plaintiffs were responsible for
designing the ceiling system, the maximum wind speed which they would have
catered for was only 30 m/s, which according to DW2, was the design speed
normally adopted for use in Malaysia, and not 35.5 m/s.

48 Finally, it was asserted that DW1 was a resourceful person, capable and
competent enough to secure a contract as valuable as the KLIA Project for his
company. Being a man of business, it was reiterated that if there had indeed
been a contract for design of the metal ceiling system, such contract would
certainly have been documented in writing by DW1. In view of the fact that no
such written contract was entered into, it was submitted that the only
probable inference must be that there was no agreement to design the system in
the first place.

49 In answer to the defendants' claim for late delivery of documents, PW1
testified that the plaintiffs had used their best efforts to obtain the
necessary shipping and other documents from the relevant third parties as soon
as possible. In any case, the defendants had failed to adduce any evidence
showing that there was in fact any delay at all in the delivery of the
documents. As a matter of law, a CIF seller's only obligation is to make every
reasonable exertion to send the bill of lading as soon as possible after he
has shipped the cargo to the consignee. As such, the plaintiffs cannot be
blamed for any delay due to the fault of third parties over whom the
plaintiffs had no control.

_**

The issues

**

(1) Was there a contract for design between the parties?

_

50 There was no doubt that the parties in this case did not enter into any
written agreement, whether for the sale and supply of the metal ceiling
materials, or for the design of the metal ceiling system. Any contract between
them must thus be collected from the words and documents which have passed
between them. An acceptance by one party of the other's offer may also be
inferred from the conduct of the former. The task of inferring an assent and
of fixing the precise moment at which a meeting of the minds may be said to
have emerged is one of obvious difficulty, particularly when, as in this case,
the negotiations and relationship between the parties have stretched over a
long period of time and there were also numerous correspondence and meetings.
The function of the judge nevertheless is to try, as far as practical
experience allows, to ensure that the reasonable expectations of honest men
are not disappointed. For this purpose, the law adopts an objective test of
agreement. The classic formulation of the principle was stated by Blackburn J
in _Smith v Hughes_ (1871) LR 6 QB 597 as follows:

> If, whatever a man's real intention may be, he so conducts himself that a
> reasonable man would believe that he was assenting to the terms proposed by
> the other party, and that other party upon that belief enters into the
> contract with him, the man thus conducting himself would be equally bound as
> if he had intended to agree to the other party's terms.

Locally, in _SAL Industrial Leasing Ltd v Teck Koon (Motor) Trading (a
firm)_[1998] 2 SLR 325, the Court of Appeal held that the question whether or
not there was an intention by the parties to enter into a legally binding
contract was an objective one. The following passage from _R v Lord
Chancellor`s Department, ex p Nangle_ [1991] ICR 743 at p 751 was quoted with
approval:

> [I]n our judgment, that the question whether there is an intention to create
> legal relations is to be ascertained objectively, and where the terms of the
> relationship are, as here, to be derived solely from the documents, depends
> upon the construction of those documents. It is possible for a party to
> believe mistakenly that he is contractually bound to another when in fact he
> is not; and conversely to believe that he is not when he is. His belief is
> immaterial. While this remains a subjective belief uncommunicated to the
> other party, this is plainly correct. But where such a belief is expressed
> in the documents it must be a question of construction of the documents as a
> whole what effect should be given to such a statement.

To this I would add that the contemporaneous conduct of the parties, in
addition to documents, can and should also be taken into account in order to
determine the existence of an agreement between the parties: see e.g., _Harvey
v Johnson_ (1848) 6 CB 305; _Brogden v Metropolitan Railway_ (1877) 2 App Cas
666.

51 Applying the above principles to the present case, I found that there was
ample evidence to support the defendants' contention that there was a contract
for design of the metal ceiling system between the parties. In the first
place, it was clear that the plaintiffs had separately invoiced the defendants
for 'design, engineering and draughtsman work'. DW1, whom I found to be a
truthful witness, testified that both the plaintiffs and defendants agreed to
apportion the sums payable by the defendants to the plaintiffs into costs for
materials, and costs for services in the proportion 70:30. On this
apportionment, the total amount charged to the defendants for design and
engineering services was some RM1.5m, not RM2.4m as PW1 seemed to have
suggested in court. Clearly the reasonable inference to be drawn from this is
that some responsibility for design and engineering must have been undertaken
by the plaintiffs. PW1 himself, in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, did not
deny that the invoice billing of 30% was for services rendered. His
explanation then was that the term 'design, engineering and draughtsman work'
was merely a commonly used or standard phrase which described PW2's proposal
drawings, but which did not cover responsibility for design work. In court,
PW1 sought to alter his story by stating that the request to split the costs
into that for supply and that for design emanated from the defendants, whose
purpose was to reduce the amount of import tax payable by them in Malaysia. I
found this explanation to be completely unsubstantiated on the facts. In the
first place, it was the plaintiffs who, in their initial quotation in writing
to the defendants dated 23 November 1995, stated that the price for materials
supply and 'technical and drawing service' was split into the proportion
80:20. Further, the reason given by PW1 for the defendants' alleged request
for the price apportionment was not documented in his affidavit of evidence-
in-chief. His feeble explanation that the reason for the omission was that he
did not want to get the defendants into further trouble was thus unworthy of
belief. By the time this action was commenced on 25 November 1998, the KLIA
was already fully operational and it may be assumed that there was no longer a
working relationship between the parties. Having started this litigation in
the first place, it is unbelievable that PW1 or the plaintiffs would have had
any qualms about getting the defendants into trouble. If it was indeed true
that the defendants were concerned about wanting to reduce or avoid import
taxes, such an important fact would have been crucial or at least greatly
relevant to the plaintiffs' defence to the defendants' counterclaim. As such,
there was no reason for PW1 not to have mentioned it in his affidavit.

52 In any event, PW1, under cross-examination, agreed that any tax saving
between an apportionment of 80:20 and 70:30 was only a meagre 2%, the result
of which is that little monetary benefit would have accrued to the defendants
upon the re-apportionment. In my opinion, the words 'The price reduction for
supply only without any **technical** and drawing **service** would be 20%' as
contained in PW1's fax of 23 November 1995 plainly revealed an implied offer
on the part of the plaintiffs to do design and engineering work for the
defendants. In my view, 'technical service' would encompass 'design and
engineering services'. This offer was subsequently accepted by the defendants
who accepted and paid for the invoices issued by the plaintiffs in respect of
'design, engineering and draughtsman work'.

53 I accepted DW1's evidence that the defendants' reason for changing the
apportionment from 80:20 to 70:30 was so that the defendants could have a
larger safety margin to hold back payment in the event of problems with their
suppliers. This was in fact corroborated by a fax written by PW1 on 26
November 1996 confirming that payment for invoices comprising 70% of the total
cost would be made via L/C while the remaining 30% for design, engineering and
draughtsman work would be invoiced on a normal telegraphic transfer basis. I
also found it reasonable that the defendants' main concern at that time was
for the entire price of the contract to be within the overall budget, and that
it did not really matter to them how the costs for materials and services were
split. Counsel for the plaintiffs attempted to suggest that the 70:30
arrangement was a sham as RM1.5m was a preposterous sum to be charging for
design and technical service. In my view, this argument plainly ignored the
fact that the true amount charged for services as originally proposed by the
plaintiffs was actually 20% of the total price, i.e., RM1m, which by any
measure is a substantial fee. While it is true that DW2 testified that the
normal amount chargeable for the design services rendered in this case was
around S$100,000, this was, in my view, only DW2's own personal opinion as to
what he himself would charge if he was assigned to undertake purely design
work. DW2's estimate did not include attendances at site meetings. It was thus
natural for the plaintiffs, an internationally-recognised premier
organisation, to charge a premium for the design, engineering and draughtsman
services for their proprietary ceiling system. I accepted DW1's evidence that
the defendants had no experience whatsoever in what to my mind was a
specialised type of suspended ceiling intended for construction at the KLIA.
As such, DW1 would hardly have been aware of the usual or market price for the
design of such ceilings, if there was even a market for such a proprietary
type of ceiling in the first place. In DW1's view, he had a fixed overall
budget to keep to, and so long as the total cost fell within that amount,
there was really nothing else for him to be concerned with.

54 With respect to the table of Profit and Loss Comparison (_Exhibit P6_)
relied on by the plaintiffs, this was tendered to the court only at the end of
the trial in response to my earlier request for evidence of invoices from the
plaintiffs' suppliers in Germany. I had asked for this in order to determine
if the amount invoiced to the defendants in respect of materials only was
realistic after taking into account the plaintiffs' cost of sales. _Exhibit
P6_ revealed, from a side-by-side comparison of suppliers' invoices and the
invoices issued by the plaintiffs, that the plaintiffs' profit margin from
materials was only 2.08% based on an apportionment of 70:30 i.e. plaintiffsâ€™
invoiced price to defendants for materials being 70% of the contract price and
the plaintiffsâ€™ own cost price being 68.57% of the contract price would give a
2.08% profit margin. As the profit margin could not possibly be so low as
2.08%, counsel for the plaintiffs therefore submitted that the amount actually
invoiced to the defendants for materials should not be 70% but in reality,
should have been 100% of the contract price without any deduction in the
contract price of 30% (or more accurately 31.43% based on these calculations)
for 'design, engineering and draughtsman work', which the plaintiffs alleged
to be nothing but a sham. Assuming that the plaintiffs were correct in this
regard, the plaintiffsâ€™ profit margin purely in respect of materials supply
would then soar to 45.83%. This the plaintiffs submitted was more realistic
than 2.08%. In an attempt to explain away part of this extraordinarily large
profit margin of 45.83%, it was further alleged that the plaintiffs' usual
provision for exchange rate fluctuations was some 35%. In my view, this
evidence was plainly unbelievable. In the first place, the suggestion that a
35% security factor was provisioned for exchange rate fluctuations was
ludicrous and completely out of line with normal business practice especially
when the contract between the plaintiffs and defendants was finalised well
before the recent asian currency crisis, and I very much doubted that a
reasonable businessman would have made provisions for or envisaged currency
exchange rates fluctuations in the RM, S$, Sfr, and DM in the range of 35%. In
my view, the invoices issued by the plaintiffs to the defendants in respect of
materials should have been 80% of the total price charged to the defendants.
That was how the plaintiffs had originally priced their materials. This 80%
was however subsequently reduced to 70% on paper, because of the defendants'
wish for a larger safety margin in respect of payment. Nevertheless, this did
not affect the overall amount which the plaintiffs had in fact charged for
materials, which remained at 80% of the total amount invoiced to the
defendants, and the remaining 20% was in truth charged for substantive
'design, engineering and draughtsman work'. On this view, the plaintiffs'
total profit margin in respect of materials would work out to be around 16.66%
(i.e. based on 80/68.57 X 100%), which in my opinion, was certainly more
realistic than a 45.83% profit margin. A plausible supposition would be that
some 10-12% of the total profit margin of 16.66% accounted for the plaintiffs'
mark-up in respect of sales alone while the remaining 4-6% represented
provision for exchange rate fluctuations, which to my mind was far more
reasonable than a provision of some 35%. In the result, I had no doubt that
the invoices issued in respect of 'design, engineering and draughtsman work'
were genuine at least up to an amount of 20% and the defendants were indeed
billed for substantial design, engineering and draughtsman work done by the
plaintiffs. I did not think that the invoicing for 'design, engineering and
draughtsman work' was merely a faade or a fraudulent and illegal scheme by the
defendants to evade import taxes as alleged by the plaintiffs.

55 Next, it was also not disputed that the plaintiffs produced shop drawings
in respect of the KLIA Project, a fact which showed that the plaintiffs were
clearly acting in performance of an earlier-concluded agreement to design, or
at the very least, that they were conducting themselves in a manner which was
consistent with their earlier offer to provide design services as may be
gleaned from the plaintiffs' fax of 23 November 1995. The shop drawings
provided by the plaintiffs were adopted for use by the defendants to install
the metal ceiling system at the KLIA and were in turn handed over by them to
the main contractor and thereafter to the airport authorities for approval.
DW2, the defendants' expert witness, upon examining the drawings produced by
the plaintiffs, opined that they were in essence engineering or technical
designs and plans. No expert evidence was led by the plaintiffs to refute
this. In the premises, I accepted DW2's evidence that the shop drawings
produced by the plaintiffs were engineering or technical designs or plans.
From my own perusal of these drawings, it was clear that the structural
elements of the ceiling system as well as the respective sizes and spacings of
the individual components were all set out in considerable detail. In my view,
only the party in charge of designing the system would have taken it upon
himself to state in such precise terms the dimensions of the individual
components and other measurements between each component in the system. The
width and thickness of the material to be used for each component of the
system had been explicitly set out in the key to all the drawings. Clearly,
these drawings could not possibly have been mere "Proposal Drawings" intended
only for the purposes of providing a rough or vague concept of the system or a
general manner of installation. There is no doubt that the production of the
drawings in question must have involved extensive work, calculation and
responsibility, which to my mind, would only have been done by a party tasked
with the duty of designing the system. PW1's assertion that the complex,
detailed, and to-scale drawings given by the plaintiffs to the defendants was
merely a goodwill gesture was thus completely unbelievable.

56 I was fortified in the above view by the fact that CP100 is a proprietary
system. The shop drawings themselves stated clearly that the plaintiffs claim
proprietary rights in the information disclosed therein. As such, it would
have been impossible for the defendants, even if they had wanted to, to seek
confirmation or verification with their own firm of engineers on the
structural integrity of D1, D2 and D3 when fitted together as a system, having
regard to their profiles, dimensions, spacings, method of clipping, and the
wind loading that the system ought to be capable of withstanding. Without
information on the grade of the material or components used for the system and
material properties like tensile strength, which information the plaintiffs
did not disclose, calculations on structural integrity could not be done. DW2
testified that D1, D2 and D3 were all proprietary components, a fact which was
attested to by PW1 himself. Of course, it would have been open to the
defendants to carry out their own material load testing on D1, D2 and D3 in
order to obtain the necessary technical data which would enable independent
engineers to verify the structural integrity of D1, D2 and D3 when fitted
together. But in my view, this was not a reasonable solution in the
circumstances and not one in which the defendants were obliged to take, given
the very substantial fee that the plaintiffs had charged for design services.
Having paid a handsome design fee, I think it was reasonable for the
defendants to have assumed that D1, D2 and D3, when installed as an integrated
system in accordance with the shop drawings of the plaintiffs would be safe
and capable of withstanding the required design wind loads. DW2's expert
evidence as documented in the report exhibited to his affidavit of evidence-
in-chief was that proprietary systems utilise components and connection
details which are specifically developed by the manufacturer for each
application. They are not assembled from separate standard structural sections
which can be purchased from different sources. In DW2's view, proprietary
systems are specially designed systems built by a manufacturer and only they
would have the knowledge or information on the characteristics or strength of
each individual part to the exclusion of others. Should others wish to utilise
the system, they would have to rely on the manufacturer for the requisite
information on the relevant characteristics or strengths. No expert witness
was called by the plaintiffs to displace these propositions which I accepted
_in toto_.

57 It was also significant that the defendants did in fact attempt to obtain
crucial technical information from the plaintiffs but none whatsoever was
forthcoming from the latter. In the faxes dated 10 and 13 May 1996 referred to
above, consecutive requests for technical information were made by DW1 to the
plaintiffs. No satisfactory reply however emanated from the plaintiffs. In my
view, this constant refusal to divulge important information supported the
inference that the plaintiffs had undertaken full responsibility for designing
the system. It might be supposed that by refusing to give information which
would have allowed the defendants to conduct their own tests or checks, the
plaintiffs were in fact impliedly warranting that installation of D1, D2 and
D3 in accordance with their shop drawings could be adopted wholesale by the
defendants and no modifications were necessary. The earlier fax of 27 March
1996 written by PW1 to the effect that the plaintiffs did not give know-how
for calculations for manufacturing or design into the market also provided
strong evidence of the fact that the plaintiffs had the necessary load test
data needed to design the ceilings for the required loadings. The reason why
they did not provide this information to the defendants was because they
regarded it as confidential and commercially sensitive data. Contrary to the
plaintiffs' view that this fax negatived the existence of an agreement to
design on their part, I found that it was precisely because they did not
divulge certain information that they must be taken to have impliedly assumed
responsibility for the rest of the information which they did in fact provide,
as there was otherwise no reasonably practicable way for the defendants to
verify the dimensions and installation details in the shop drawings supplied
by the plaintiffs. DW2's expert opinion after all was that a third party,
without the relevant technical data, would not have been able to calculate and
determine the loading capacity of a proprietary ceiling system with any degree
of accuracy. In my view, it was absurd for the plaintiffs to expect that the
defendants should have conducted their own load tests to obtain the relevant
data, given that the former had already charged an almost exorbitant fee for
design services, and that the defendants themselves had a fixed budget to
adhere to. _A fortiori_ , the suggestion that the defendants should have built
their own full-scale mock-up to test the system before installing it was both
ridiculous and completely unreasonable in the circumstances. To my mind, where
A has contracted with B to design a system, then in the absence of further
provision, B is entitled to assume that A had performed his duties under the
contract properly. The concept of responsibility would become superfluous if B
had to constantly double-check on whether or not A had accomplished its side
of the bargain. Take for example the case where I ask an architect and a civil
engineer to design a house for me. Thereafter I build the house according to
the design supplied by them. The house later collapses and it is revealed that
their design was flawed. Can it be that I should thereafter have no recourse
against them because I ought to have hired another architect and civil
engineer to conduct a separate, independent check on the design before
building the house? I think this clearly cannot be the position at law. In any
case, it must be remembered that the plaintiffs' failure in the present case
to divulge information was not because they did not have the necessary
expertise to do so nor were they unqualified in this respect, as counsel for
the plaintiff suggested in his closing arguments. On the contrary, as their
business catalogue and ISO 9001 Certificate revealed, the Gema group is world-
renowned for its design and engineering expertise. I can only surmise that the
reason for the non-disclosure in this case was because the plaintiffs were
concerned with protecting their proprietary rights in the material and the
system as a whole, not because they were not competent to give the necessary
calculations or data. As a result, the defendants had no other practical
alternative but to rely fully on the drawings and dimensions supplied by the
plaintiffs. The same can also be said about the mock-up of the ceiling system
built by the defendants using D1, D2 and D3 and locally-obtained suspension
components. In my view, this was done more to ensure the general functionality
of the system as a whole and to observe its overall aesthetic quality. I did
not think that the defendants ever intended for this mock-up to be used as a
test of the structural integrity of the design of the system as supplied by
the plaintiffs. In any case, as I have found, it was neither reasonable nor
practicable for the defendants, or for the plaintiffs to expect the defendants
to conduct their own wind-loading or wind-tunnel tests on the mock-up, given
that the plaintiffs had withheld crucial technical information on the
strengths and characteristics of the materials supplied. In the same vein, I
also attached no weight to the manufacturer's note printed on the shop
drawings supplied by the plaintiffs, stating that all dimensions were to be
checked by the sub-contractor prior to manufacture and installation. To me,
this was merely a standard phrase pre-printed on the shop drawing sheets as a
matter of course. As the statement was inconsistent with the conduct of the
plaintiffs in refusing to divulge crucial information necessary for the
dimensions to be verified, I found that the note could not have the effect of
altering the fact that responsibility for design lay with the plaintiffs
throughout. The position with respect to the words "for approval" on the shop
drawings was likewise no different. In any case, I accepted DW2's expert
opinion that the words "for approval" referred to the approval of the airport
authority's consultants, which approval, if given, did not ordinarily
encompass responsibility for design and dimensions.

58 Counsel for the plaintiffs also sought to play up the fact that DW1 did not
take issue with the plaintiffs' refusal to provide information and merely let
the matter rest as it was. He submitted that if the plaintiffs had indeed been
tasked with designing the system, then a client's likely response would have
been to send a nasty letter reminding the designers and/or engineers of their
appointment and demanding an answer. In my view, this submission was
completely without merit. I think it was clear from the documentary evidence
that repeated requests for information had been made by DW1 to the plaintiffs.
Each request however was consistently met with the same response from the
plaintiffs to the effect that they could not divulge the necessary
information. In fact, DW1 testified that he had, upon receiving the non-
committal response from the plaintiffs, spoken to PW1 over the phone querying
if the ceiling system could withstand the "situation of the Project", to which
PW1 had replied "no worry, no problem". Moreover, DW1 had also earlier
enquired of PW1 if the plaintiffs could design the metal ceiling system to
which the latter had replied in the affirmative. Having observed the demeanour
of DW1 in the witness box, I found that he was a truthful witness, who,
despite his slight handicap in the English language, was nevertheless able to
expressly himself with sufficient clarity. In this respect, I also found the
plaintiffs' attacks on DW1's competency in the English language to be
completely unwarranted. Despite having engaged the services of a Japanese
language interpreter to assist him in court, DW1 chose to and did in fact give
most of his evidence in English, without the aid of the interpreter at all. I
recognised that most of the written correspondence and oral communication
between the parties in this case occurred between 1995 and 1996. Nevertheless,
I accepted DW1's evidence that his grasp of English at that time was around
"70 to 80%", which to my mind, was sufficient for him to accurately convey his
intentions to the plaintiffs in simple English. A perusal of some of the
letters or faxes written by DW1 during the relevant period revealed that his
command of the English language, even in writing, was no where as lamentable
as the plaintiffs would have me believe. I found that DW1 was able to express
himself clearly and to a reasonable degree of preciseness. While errors in
grammar were no doubt present, this did not in any way affect the substance of
what DW1 intended to convey, and any reasonable person looking at the
documents written by him would have little difficulty understanding their
purport and scope. _A fortiori_ , I think the reasonable inference must be
that DW1's grasp of spoken or oral English must have been of an equal
standard, if not higher. In the premises, I accepted DW1's evidence that PW1
had orally assured him that it was not a problem for the plaintiffs to design
the ceiling system and that the system as designed by the plaintiffs could
withstand "the situation of the Project". In fact, if PW1 had said anything
otherwise in response to DW1's query, then I think as a matter of common
sense, the defendants would thereafter have terminated their working
relationship with the plaintiffs. After all, they had specifically
discontinued discussions with Chicago Metallic precisely because the latter
could not undertake the design of the 3-D ceiling system at the KLIA. As such,
I found that it was reasonable for the defendants, after having met with
continuous refusals to divulge critical information, to assume that the
plaintiffs were legitimately seeking to protect their proprietary rights, and
to rely on the shop drawings and dimensions specified by the plaintiffs. That
the defendants had requested for the information in the first place did not
have the effect of casting responsibility for design on their shoulders.
Rather, it merely allowed them the opportunity of carrying out their own
independent checks or verifications on the specifications supplied, which they
were fully entitled to do. This did not however change the fact that
responsibility for design rested with the plaintiffs. At this point, I should
also state that I found the plaintiffs' argument that no weight should be
placed on PW1's alleged oral assurances because this was not specifically
pleaded in the defence and counterclaim to be wholly unsustainable. I did not
think that the defendants did at any time attempt to rely solely and
exclusively on these one or two verbal assurances to found their entire cause
of action. In my view, these oral assurances were merely part of the overall
evidence adduced before the court from which I was asked to infer an agreement
for the plaintiffs to design.

59 Further evidence of the existence of a contract for design can be garnered
from the fact that the defendants had passed Architectural Drawings supplied
by the main contractor onto the plaintiffs. If the plaintiffs' assertion that
their only responsibility was to supply D1, D2 and D3 to the defendants, then
there would have been absolutely no need for the Architectural Drawings to be
passed to the plaintiffs, nor would it have been necessary for them to produce
detailed shop drawings specifying dimensions and other highly-particularised
measurements.

60 It was also significant that PW2 consistently referred to himself as a
"Design Manager" in all of his correspondence with the defendants. Throughout
the trial, the plaintiffs continually tried to run the argument that their
only responsibility was to provide the defendants with a draughtsman who was
in no way responsible for the drawings which he produced and one who would
only draw in accordance with the defendants' instructions. I found this
argument tenuous in the circumstances. In the first place, if the plaintiffs'
only intention had been to appoint a draughtsman, then there would have been
no reason for PW2 to have addressed himself otherwise. I think the obvious
inference from the fact that PW2 called himself a "Design Manager" was that
both parties were agreed that the plaintiffs were responsible for designing
the system. Moreover, to my mind, it was also improbable that PW2 had to take
instructions from the defendants in designing the metal ceiling system given,
as I have alluded to in the preceding paragraphs, that all the necessary
technical data and load test results were within the exclusive province of the
plaintiffs. At this juncture, I should also highlight the point made by DW1
that it was the plaintiffs who had proposed the appropriate thickness of the
metal strip ceiling to be used, thus impliedly warranting the strength, and
hence capacity of the system as a whole. A thinner strip ceiling would
obviously not secure as well onto the carrier rails as a stronger and thicker
strip ceiling since the securing depended on the curved edges of the strip
ceiling holding on to the hooks or clip-ins on the carrier rails. It was
further admitted by PW1 himself that the plaintiffs also advised on the
suitable thickness of the capping profiles to be used. In addition, detailed
illustrations of the way in which the components of the suspension system
should be installed were also forwarded to the defendants. It was clear from
all this that the plaintiffs were at all times actively involved in the
details of the entire ceiling system. Their efforts in explaining to the
defendants how the suspension system should be installed went beyond the
duties of a mere supplier of materials. What was also telling was the fact
that it was the plaintiffs who had determined the appropriate spacing between
the carrier rails, which to me, was an important element of the structural
integrity of the design. It is incredible that a mere supplier would actually
be involved in making crucial technical decisions like these, particularly
when such decisions involved integral design components of the metal ceiling
system. I rejected the plaintiffs' suggestion that PW2 could not have been
tasked with making detailed engineering drawings as he was not a professional
engineer by training. PW2 himself testified that he had a certificate in
drafting and basic design concepts and was at all times working under the
supervision of one Mr Kevin Butler, whom I understood to be PW2's boss and who
was also involved in designing the system. In the absence of further
clarification from the plaintiffs, I accepted DW1's evidence that Mr Butler
contributed to the designing of the ceiling system as well, and was presumably
qualified to do so.

61 Counsel for the plaintiffs next sought to impress upon me the fact that the
plaintiffs had described themselves as mere suppliers in the shop drawings. I
found this argument to be completely misleading. A quick look at the shop
drawings supplied revealed that the plaintiffs did not actually describe
themselves as suppliers. They had merely filled in their name into a blank
space entitled 'Manufacture' on the standard form drawing sheet.. That they
were the manufacturers of the system was certainly not in doubt, and as such,
the so-called description was not incorrect. Nevertheless, this did not mean
that they could not also have been responsible for designing the ceiling
system, particularly when no corresponding blank or space for 'Design' was
provided for on the standard drawing sheet.

62 The allegation that the defendants had modified the shop drawings supplied
by the plaintiffs was also not sustainable on the facts. DW1 confirmed that
the only time in which the drawings were modified was after the collapse of
the ceilings at the KLIA. Security clips were added to the strip ceiling in
order to avert another collapse and even then, such was done only upon
consultation with the plaintiffs. Any other modification to the drawings were
merely remedial measures, undertaken as part of the rectification works which
the defendants carried out after the dislodgement of the ceiling strips. There
was no evidence that the defendants had modified the plaintiffs' shop drawings
before the incidents, or before forwarding them on to the main contractor.

63 Counsel for the plaintiffs also sought to emphasise the point that DW1 had,
in the letter of intent dated 13 January 1996, used the words 'intention to
enter into a contractâ€¦ for the design and supplying Metal Ceiling _Materials_
'. This, counsel contended, showed that the defendants only intended for the
plaintiffs to supply _materials_ , and not to design the _system_ as well. In
my view, this argument was completely untenable as it ignored the fact that
the word "design" was also used in the sentence. The word "design" used in
this context, could only have been a reference to a design of the system.
Surely the objective intention could not have been to design the materials,
which were really standard products pre-developed for specific purposes, and
this, I had no doubt, must have been within the knowledge of PW1. In any case,
this letter of intent was but one out of many pieces of evidence which showed
distinctly the existence of an agreement to design.

64 Counsel for the plaintiffs also based a large part of his arguments on the
assumption that the existence of a contract for design must either have been
concluded by a specified time or never at all. First, counsel sought to show
that there could not have been an agreement for design as at the date of the
defendants' fax, i.e., 13 November 1995 which set out the minutes of the
parties' meeting on the same day. The reason for this was because the parties
had only agreed to provide a design manager to do CAD drawings, but not an
engineer who was able to make technical calculations. As such, it could not be
said, based on this fax, that there was an agreement by the plaintiffs to
design the system. Counsel then went on to make a similar point with respect
to the letter of intent dated 13 January 1996. In this case, counsel sought to
show that the words 'subject to satisfactory negotiations of terms and
conditions' indicated that there was no agreement as to price and the terms of
payment and consequently, no agreement for design either. Finally, counsel
also referred to various other contemporaneous correspondence which he
claimed, showed that there was never any discussion on the structural design
or engineering of the metal ceiling system.

65 In my view, the above arguments were wholly misconceived. The existence of
the contract for design in this case was founded not merely upon one or two
pieces of correspondence between the parties. In determining whether or not
there was a contract in this case, the court must be concerned to take into
account the totality of the evidence before it. While I accepted the view that
there might not have been a concluded contract for design at the date of the
letter of intent, the subsequent conduct of the parties presented unmistakable
evidence that they must have reached _consensus ad idem_ at some point during
the entire period of the working relationship between the parties. For
example, the issuance of invoices for 'design, engineering and draughtsman
work' by the plaintiffs, the production of shop drawings and the concomitant
refusal to disclose critical technical information, as well as the appointment
of PW2 as a Design Manager may all be taken as conduct from which an offer to
provide design services may unequivocally be inferred. Consequent acceptance
of this offer can be seen from the fact that the defendants passed on relevant
Architectural Drawings of the KLIA to the plaintiffs, that the contract and
tender documents were also handed to the plaintiffs, and that the defendants
accepted and paid for invoices issued in respect of 'design, engineering and
draughtsman work.' Alternatively, the situation may also be analysed such that
it was the defendants who had made the initial offer for the plaintiffs to
design the system through their cumulative acts of asking PW1 whether or not
the plaintiffs could design the system, of requiring the plaintiffs to appoint
a Design Manager who would also attend site meetings, and of passing the
contract documents and Architectural Drawings on to the defendants. This offer
was clearly accepted by the plaintiffs via the provision of shop drawings and
a Design Manager, the refusal to disclose critical technical information and
the constant assertion of their proprietary rights in the system supplied, and
the issuance of invoices for 'design, engineering and draughtsman work'. It is
trite law that an acceptance may be by conduct. For example, an offer to buy
goods may be accepted by supplying them; an offer to sell goods may be
accepted by the buyer using them, and an offer contained in a request for
services may be accepted by beginning to render them: see _Chitty on
Contracts_ , Volume 1: General Principles (28th Ed, 1999) at 2-027. Hence,
returning to the facts of the present case, whichever way one looks at it, it
is clear that the mere fact that no agreement was reached by the parties at
the meeting on 13 November 1995 concerning the appointment of an engineer was
not conclusive of the fact that there was never or that there could never be
an intention for the plaintiffs to assume responsibility for design. Likewise,
while the words 'subject to satisfactory negotiation of terms and conditions'
in the letter of intent might mean that there was no concluded contract at
that point in time, they do not preclude the possibility of an agreement
arising subsequently. If I were to take the plaintiffs' argument to its
logical conclusion, that the words 'subject to satisfactory negotiation of
terms and conditions' meant that there could not have been a concluded
contract for design at that point and after because terms relating to price
and method of payment were still outstanding, then logically, there would also
never have been an agreement for the sale of materials, since the price and
other payment terms had also not been finalised with respect to materials as
at the date of the letter of intent. Yet no argument was ever made of the fact
that there was a contract for the sale of materials, which unarguably was also
evidenced by the subsequent practice of issuing purchase orders and invoices
respectively. In the premises, I found that the ensuing conduct of the parties
in this case clearly disclosed an objective intention that the plaintiffs were
responsible for designing the metal ceiling system. At this juncture, I think
it is also appropriate to deal with the plaintiffs' argument that it was
"striking" that the defendants did not bother to enter into a written contract
for design when the value of the entire KLIA Project was some RM21m, and when
there was a comprehensive nominated sub-contract between the defendants and
the main contractor. In my view, there are many ways in which a company could
conduct its business. The degree of trust that one party might place in
another could well vary with the reputation and track-record of the latter.
Where the entity concerned is a world-renowned organisation professing to
deliver services of world-class standards, I do not think it is unusual for
men of business to rely on the oral assurances and other contemporaneous
conduct moving from that organisation. In any event, in the present case, it
was not imperative that the defendants should have entered into a written
agreement with their designers or engineers just because the value of the KLIA
Project was large. After all, they had not seen it fit to enter into a written
contract for the sale of materials either, a fact which clearly exemplified
the level of trust which they placed in the plaintiffs. Finally, the argument
that the contemporaneous correspondence contained only requests for quotations
for materials was also not borne out by the evidence. It was clear from the
defendants' faxes that numerous requests were made by them for shop drawings
and PW2 did in fact supply detailed illustrations of various sections of the
ceiling system to the defendants. Moreover, shop drawings were also provided
in due course. In any case, there was no need for the defendants to have
requested for quotations as to the cost of design when PW1 had already, in his
earlier fax of 23 November 1995, indicated that service charge would be an
automatic 20% of the total quoted price and the balance of 80% would be the
price for supplying materials. As such, any negotiation on the price of
materials would directly affect the price for design, engineering and
draughtsman services.

66 I move on to deal with the argument of plaintiffs' counsel that his clients
could not possibly have been responsible for designing the metal ceiling
system when they were not the nominated sub-contractor for the KLIA Project.
Great emphasis was placed by counsel on the proposition that as the defendants
were the nominated sub-contractor for the KLIA Project, responsibility for
design must have been theirs solely. I found this argument to be completely
fallacious and misconceived as it ignored the basic and fundamental doctrine
of privity of contract. There was never any doubt that the defendants had all
along been the nominated sub-contractor for the KLIA Project, and that under
the terms of the sub-contract, responsibility for design was that of the
nominated sub-contractor. Nevertheless, the sub-contract did not prohibit the
nominated sub-contractor from sub-sub-contracting its obligations out to a
third party, which was what the defendants did in this case. While the
defendants would certainly remain liable to the main contractor for any
failure to fulfil their obligations under the sub-contract, including
obligations of design, this does not affect the duties of the third party,
i.e., the plaintiffs, to the defendants under the sub-sub-contract. As such,
the fact that the defendants were the nominated sub-contractor vis--vis the
main contractor was a matter wholly separate and distinct from their
relationship with the plaintiffs. In my view, any argument along the line that
because the plaintiffs were not the nominated sub-contractor vis--vis the main
contractor therefore they could not have been responsible for design of the
system was completely untenable. In this respect, the same can also be said of
the obligation contained in the nominated sub-contract on the part of the
nominated sub-contractor to obtain a certificate from the plaintiffs stating
that the requirements of the nominated sub-contract were all met. In my view,
the failure of the defendants to obtain such a certificate from the plaintiffs
might well amount to a breach of the former's obligations to the main
contractor, but this breach in no way affected the scope of the plaintiffs'
duties under their own sub-sub-contract with the defendants. I think it is
clear in this case that the defendants had sub-sub-contracted its obligations
of design under the nominated sub-contract to the plaintiffs. For this
purpose, it was not necessary for the use of precise words or phrases by the
parties. Their conduct was more than sufficient for such an intention or
agreement to be objectively inferred.

67 With respect to the Durability Warranty for materials issued by the
plaintiffs, I accepted DW2's undisputed evidence that no similar warranty
exists in the industry for services rendered. As such, no similar warranty for
technical and engineering design service was given by the plaintiffs nor could
one be expected to be given. Hence, the fact that the only warranty issued in
this case was one relating to materials added nothing to the plaintiffs' case.

68 With regard to the allegation that the defendants had their own Project
Manager, i.e., Mr Y Ishino and as such were equipped to undertake design
responsibility, I think this was adequately countered by the defendants'
explanation that Mr Ishino was merely an architect by training and not an
engineer. As such, he was not qualified to comment on the adequacy of the
structural design as detailed in the shop drawings supplied by the plaintiffs.
As for the fact that the defendants had their own draughtsman, one Mr Aidros
Osman and thereafter one Ms Hanita, I find, on the evidence, that these
persons were employed to draw a different type of ceiling for a different
section of the KLIA. Any drawing which Ms Hanita might have made in respect of
the ceiling which is the subject-matter of the dispute in this case, was done
only after the collapse of the ceiling strips, and merely as part of the
overall rectification work. As for Dr C K Lim of Decolite Industries, I think
it was adequately explained by DW1 that the former was neither an engineer nor
a metal ceiling consultant employed by the defendants. He served as a director
in the defendants' company and was initially employed only for his
administrative experience in labour and payroll matters in Malaysia. After
all, his doctorate was in Agricultural Studies and Forestry, which were hardly
the qualifications of an engineer. At most, I was willing to make the
assumption that Dr Lim could have been roped in by the defendants to assist in
the installation of the ceilings as well, but this in no way translated to his
being further tasked with having to examine and give advice on engineering and
other technical matters, which he was undoubtedly not qualified to give. As
such, I rejected the plaintiffs' request for me to draw an adverse inference
against the defendants for not having called Dr Lim to testify. In my view, Dr
Lim's presence in court would not have altered the substance of the
defendants' evidence.

69 In the light of the foregoing reasons, I had no doubt that there was an
agreement for the plaintiffs to design the metal ceiling system. The intention
of the parties was plainly evident from the objective evidence before the
court. In particular, the plaintiffs' conduct throughout the relevant period
showed that they had impliedly assented to undertake responsibility for
design. I think any reasonable person, looking at all that had transpired
between the parties during the material time would have had no hesitation in
coming to the conclusion that both sides had agreed that the plaintiffs would
not only supply the materials for the KLIA Project but would also design an
appropriate metal ceiling system in respect thereof.

_

(2) What was the scope of the contract for design?

_

70 Having found that there was a contract for design, the necessary
implication must be that the contract contained all the terms which were
essential to allow it to be workable as a matter of commercial common sense:
_Trollope and Colls v Atomic Power Constructions_ [1963] 1 WLR 333 at p 337.
In this case, one would imagine that it was an implied term of the contract
that the plaintiffs were to design a metal ceiling system which was capable of
withstanding the requirements of the KLIA Project. There was no doubt that
from the start, the plaintiffs knew that they were being engaged in connection
with the KLIA Project. Next, the entire bundle of tender and sub-contract
documents containing the requisite specifications were handed over to PW1 at a
very early stage of the negotiations. Counsel for the plaintiffs attempted to
suggest that as the documents were contained in a ring-binder file (_Exhibit
D6_), it was possible for the defendants to have altered its contents between
the time that the file was handed over to PW1 and the time of the trial. I
found this spurious suggestion to be completely speculative and unwarranted on
the evidence. In my mind, there was nothing to indicate that PW1 did not
receive the whole set of tender and sub-contract documents together with the
specifications. In fact, PW1 himself admitted that DW1 did indeed pass him a
file similar to _Exhibit D6_. His explanation however was that he did not make
copies of the specifications which were irrelevant to him as a manufacturer.
In particular, he denied that he had seen copies of certain wind-speed tables
which were part of the sub-contract documents. Looking at all the
circumstances of the case, I disbelieved this piece of evidence entirely. PW1
claimed that each specification had an index in the front which indicated
where he, as a manufacturer could find details which were important to
manufacture and supply. Having perused the file of documents tendered as
_Exhibit D6_ , I found that no such index as PW1 described existed. Rather,
the various specifications were contained in separate sections in the contract
and tender documents. Each such section was preceded by a cover page which set
out in bold print the general title to the section in question. There was a
main contents page right at the top of all the documents contained in the
file, which set out the title to each separate section. With respect to the
wind-speed tables, they were contained in that section of the documents titled
'A52: Architecture - General Requirements'. According to PW1, he took copies
of documents which contained technical descriptions of the ceiling as designed
by architects and other technical explanations. In my view, section A52
clearly fell within this scope as apart from the wind-speed tables, it
contained information relating to architectural materials, work samples and
other conditions of construction. As such, even taking PW1's case at its best,
and assuming that he had not perused through every single page of the
documents, he must at least have looked first at the main contents page. From
there, he would have sieved out the relevant sections and directed for copies
to be taken of those sections which appeared from their title to be germane to
a manufacturer. Alternatively, he would have determined the relevancy of each
section by flipping to the respective cover pages and looking at the titles
printed on them. Since the subject-matter "general requirements of
architecture" was clearly relevant to a manufacturer, I had no doubt that PW1
must have directed for this entire section, inclusive of the wind-speed
tables, to be photocopied. On a balance of probability, I found that the
plaintiffs did in fact take copies of all the relevant sections contained in
_Exhibit D6_ , including Section A52. I accepted DW1's evidence that upon
handing over the file to PW1, the latter left the room with the file for a few
minutes and thereafter returned without it. The file was only handed back to
DW1 some two or three hours later. The obvious inference from this was that
PW1 had simply passed the file on to one of his employees with instructions to
take copies of sections which were relevant. It was unlikely that in the short
time that PW1 was away, he could have given any detailed instruction to anyone
about specific pages within each section to make copies of. In any case, that
the plaintiffs were in possession of all the contract documents was
corroborated by PW1 himself, who admitted without qualification in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief that the defendants had indeed given a full set
of the contract documents to him. He further admitted perusing through these
documents personally and that he was familiar with the responsibilities of the
defendants under the nominated sub-contract. In the circumstances, it was
incontrovertible that the plaintiffs were aware of the requirements and
specifications of the KLIA Project, and must be taken to have agreed to design
a ceiling system which met those requirements. To my mind, the parties must
have intended it to be a term in their contract, for why else would the
defendants have contracted with the plaintiffs to design the ceiling system if
they were not going to adhere to the specifications stipulated for the KLIA
Project?

71 Counsel for the plaintiffs further sought to take issue with the fact that
the defendants did not specifically highlight the wind speed requirement in
the KLIA Project to the plaintiffs. In my view, there is no requirement in law
for the defendants to specially bring this to the plaintiffs' attention. There
was no doubt that the contract documents were replete with references to wind
velocity. It was stated throughout that the metal ceiling system had to
withstand a maximum wind speed of 35.5m/s. Having obtained and perused the
contract documents, the plaintiffs must be taken to have been aware of this
requirement and it must have been apparent to them that this was an essential
term of the design contract. In fact, PW1 had himself given evidence that
wind-loading was a specific design criteria for the plaintiffs' products.
Moreover, he also agreed with the question posed by me that as the ceiling in
this case was to be used externally, his awareness of wind concerns had in
fact led him to make provision for wind loading in determining the spacings
between the carrier rails. In my view, there was no doubt that wind speed
requirement was a relevant factor which must be taken into account by the
party in charge of designing the ceiling system. In any event, even if the
specific requirement of 35.5m/s was somehow construed as not being part of the
design contract, I think it would at least be possible, or perhaps even
necessary, to imply a term to the effect that the plaintiffs would design a
metal ceiling system which was capable of withstanding normal design wind
speeds, given that the ceiling was intended for use externally. In my view,
such a term ought to be implied whether because it is necessary to give
business efficacy to the contract for design, or whether because an officious
bystander would deem it as being such an obvious thing to do. I also accepted
DW2's expert evidence that it was common industry practice for the party
designing an external suspended ceiling to take account of prevailing wind
pressures in the locality. Therefore, at the very least, it must have been a
term of the contract that the plaintiffs were required to design a ceiling
which was capable of withstanding the design wind speed normally adopted for
use by Civil Engineers in Malaysia, which, in DW2's expert opinion, was 30m/s.

_

(3) Was there a breach of the contract for design?

_

72 Neither party disputed the fact that several strip ceilings dislodged from
the carrier rails on at least two or three occasions after they were installed
at the KLIA. The obvious inference from this was that there must have been
something wrong with the design of the system. I do not think there was ever
any suggestion or proof that the installation of the ceiling was faulty. In
any event, having examined _Exhibits D1, D2 and D3_ myself, I had no doubt
that it is extremely difficult, perhaps even impossible, given the design of
the carrier rails with its clip-in function, for the strip ceilings to slip
out as a result of inadequate installation. It was a simple, albeit extremely
tedious, process of clipping the ceiling strips onto the clip-ins in such a
way that it would either automatically snap snugly into position or not fasten
at all. It was unlikely that the strips could have been attached only half-way
onto the clip-ins without fully clipping in. If any part of the length of the
strip is not clipped in yet, it would be very obvious to the person installing
it because that part would protrude downwards and be out of alignment with the
rest of the strips, a matter which could easily be detected with the naked
eye.

73 I was fortified in the view that there was a defect in the design supplied
by the plaintiffs by the fact that the problem of the strips dislodging did
not recur after several specifically design-related remedial measures were
adopted by the defendants after the incidents as explained by DW1. Firstly,
the distance between the carrier rails was reduced from 1.2m to 0.6m, and
second, security clips were affixed along various lengths of the ceiling
strips and capping profiles. It was significant that there were no more
incidents of strips falling off after these measures were implemented. In my
view, the obvious inference from this was that there must have been something
wrong with the initial design supplied by the plaintiffs. Apart from the
above, two further steps were also taken by the defendants after the
incidents. First, 'borders' were added to prevent wind from entering the
hollow cavities in the ceiling, and second, screws were added to secure the
short intermediate joining pieces to the main ceiling strips. In my view, it
was entirely reasonable for the defendants to adopt the remedial measures they
did to overcome what I considered to be a dangerous defect. Strip ceilings
falling from such heights could kill. In an airport where human and vehicular
traffic is going to be very heavy, such a dangerous defect is clearly
unacceptable.

74 At this juncture, I should add that in reaching the above conclusion, I
attached no weight whatsoever to DW2's analysis of the adequacy of the ceiling
system design as well as his postulations on the possible reasons for the
dislodgement of the strips as documented in the 18 October 1999 report
exhibited to his affidavit. I recognised and accepted counsel for the
plaintiffs' point that the section of the report dealing with the adequacy of
the system design was based mainly on the Shillinglaw test reports in respect
of the wind-loading and wind-tunnel tests conducted in Hong Kong on 12, 13, 30
and 31 December 1997. As the makers of the Shillinglaw reports were not
called, there was no doubt that the Shillinglaw reports relating to these
later tests were classic hearsay and hence clearly inadmissible. In my view,
none of the exceptions to the hearsay rule as set out in the Evidence Act
(Cap. 97) were applicable on the facts. The law on the interrelationship
between hearsay and opinion evidence is clear. Where an expert seeks to give
an opinion the basis of which is dependant upon the truth of hearsay evidence,
that expert's evidence is likewise inadmissible. Put another way, an expert is
only permitted to give his opinion when the primary facts upon which that
opinion is based are capable of being proved by admissible evidence: Colin
Tapper, _Cross & Tapper on Evidence_ (9th Ed, 1999) at pp 514-515. Where the
material upon which his opinion is based have merely been reported to him by
hearsay, then that expert's opinion is inadmissible. Returning to the facts of
the present case, it was not in doubt that the Shillinglaw reports were not
admissible by reason of them being hearsay. In the premises, I found those
parts of DW2's opinion i.e., Sections 4.0-6.0 of the 18 October 1999 report,
which relied for its basis on the truth or accuracy of the Shillinglaw
reports, to be similarly inadmissible and excluded them completely. I
recognise that most experts frequently employ hearsay to some degree in
forming their views. In fact, as a matter of convenience, courts have
sometimes tended not to insist upon proof of the extrinsic materials
customarily employed by experts to perform their work, namely understanding
obtained from the use of professional libraries and knowledge acquired in the
discharge of professional duties. Nevertheless, I did not think that the
Shillinglaw reports fell within that category of so-called common professional
knowledge which an expert is entitled to rely on when he has had no personal
knowledge of how that knowledge was arrived at. In my view, the reports were
merely the results of specific tests conducted for a specific purpose. As
such, I found that it was unsafe for me to rely on the opinion given on those
reports. Hearsay evidence as the basis of expert opinion made it impossible
for the court to evaluate that opinion and had the effect of turning DW2 into
a conduit for the makers of the Shillinglaw reports who could not be cross-
examined to test the substance of their evidence.

75 I should also state at this point that I did not give a ruling on the
admissibility of DW2's opinion and/or the Shillinglaw reports during the
course of the trial because counsel for the defendants had, before the
commencement of the trial, indicated in chambers that his clients would be
calling one of the makers of the Shillinglaw reports to testify. As such, I
allowed the parties to proceed without making a ruling on admissibility. At
the end of the trial however, counsel for the defendants informed me that no
one from J A Shillinglaw & Associates would be called. In the result, I
directed myself that the Shillinglaw reports relating to the later tests as
well as those parts of DW2's opinion that were based upon the truth of those
reports would be excluded from my final determination.

76 Having done this, I found that the inference was nevertheless clear from
the facts proved before me that there must have been something wrong with the
design of the ceiling system as supplied by the plaintiffs. I described at the
start of this judgment that the ceiling in question comprised two main parts,
namely the upper, suspended section, which consisted of the hangers, purlins
and primary angles, and the lower section directly beneath it consisting of
the carrier rails, capping profiles and ceiling strips. It was not disputed
that the plaintiffs supplied all the three components used in the lower
section of the ceiling. It was also not disputed that during the incidents,
only the ceiling strips fell. All the carrier rails and everything else above
it i.e., the entire upper section, remained intact. From this, I was able to
infer that the design of the lower section of the ceiling must have been
flawed. Throughout the trial, counsel for the plaintiffs constantly tried to
pin blame on the local suppliers from whom the defendants had purchased the
materials for the upper section of the ceiling. In my view, this was
completely unwarranted and missed the obvious point that nothing in the upper
section of the ceiling fell. In fact, even the carrier rails, which were
attached to the vertical hangers via the primary angles did not fall. At all
times, it was only the ceiling strips (_Exhibit D1_) which fell. As such, I
think it was grossly unfair for the plaintiffs to make unsubstantiated
allegations impugning the integrity of the materials obtained locally or in
attacking the adequacy of the installation process.

77 To my mind, it was clear that the plaintiffs had failed to discharge their
obligation under the contract to design a ceiling intended for external use
which was capable of withstanding the normal environmental conditions at the
KLIA, and in particular one which was capable of withstanding the stipulated
design wind speed of 35.5m/s. I think it is a matter of common inference that
wind travelling at 35.5m/s is of somewhat significant strength. That 35.5m/s
was stated as the maximum velocity required for the external ceiling at the
KLIA further indicated that wind of that speed must be one of substantial
force, bearing in mind that 35.5m/s was the stated _maximum_ meaning that a
not insignificant margin from the norm must have been taken into account by
the airport authorities in reaching this design requirement. Hence, as it was
not suggested that the KLIA was subject to hurricane winds or freak weather
conditions at the time of the incidents, I could only infer that the
dislodgement of the ceiling strips occurred at a time when wind speeds were
significantly less than 35.5m/s (or 127.8km/h). I was supported in this
conclusion by the fact that Sepang, Malaysia is not known for extraordinary
climate or atmospheric changes nor was any such change reported around the
time of the incidents. In the premises, the only logical inference must be
that the strips had collapsed under normal circumstances, in which case the
plaintiffs had clearly breached their obligation to design a ceiling system
which was at the very least, capable of withstanding normal environmental
conditions.

_

(4) Claim under the Sale of Goods Act (Cap. 393)

_

78 Even if I was wrong in holding that there was a contract for design in the
circumstances when there was in fact only a contract for sale, I found
nevertheless that the situation here fell squarely within the ambit of the
Sale of Goods Act (Cap. 393) ("the SGA").

79 The current version of the SGA was amended in 1996 via the Sale of Goods
(Amendment) Act 1996 (Act 43/1996) ("the Amendment Act"). Under s 1(2) of the
Amendment Act, the provisions in the current SGA apply only to contracts for
sale which are made or entered into on or after 1 January 1997. Contracts made
prior to this date remain to be governed by the old 1994 Revised Edition of
the SGA.

80 In order to determine which version of the SGA was applicable on the facts
here, it was necessary for me to identify the period of time in which the
contract of sale was entered into between the parties. It was clear that the
parties did not at any time enter into a written contract. Nevertheless, the
practice of issuing purchase orders and invoices started from 11 June 1996. At
the same time, it was also evident from the list of Chronology of Events
submitted by the defendants, which was not disputed by the plaintiffs, that
installation of the metal ceiling system at the KLIA commenced around October
1996. In view of these facts, I had no doubt that the contract of sale must
have been concluded at the very latest, by October 1996, when installation
works began. That the defendants could commence installing the ceiling was a
clear indication that a substantial quantity of the materials had already been
delivered by the plaintiffs pursuant to the purchase orders issued by the
defendants. As a matter of fact, I was personally inclined to the view that
the contract for sale was concluded way before October 1996, presumably before
the first purchase order was issued on 11 June 1996. In my view, the issuance
of the purchase orders and invoices and the subsequent correspondence were
merely evidence of an earlier contract reached between the parties. The
purchase orders, invoices and subsequent correspondence did not constitute the
contract itself, but merely evidenced an earlier contract entered into way
before these documents came into existence. To put it another way, the conduct
of the parties in issuing the purchase orders, invoices and other
correspondence can be seen as a performance or execution of their duties under
the earlier contract for sale. While it is not possible to pin-point an exact
date on which the contract for sale was entered into, I had no doubt that it
must have been concluded sometime between the date of the letter of intent,
i.e., 13 January 1996 and the time of the commencement of installation on
site, i.e., October 1996. In the premises, I found that it was the 1994
Edition of the SGA which applied to the present case.

81 Section 2 of the 1994 Edition of the SGA provides that a contract of sale
of goods is a contract by which the seller transfers or agrees to transfer the
property in the goods to a buyer for a money consideration, called the price.
All tangible movable property to be delivered in that state is considered as
goods. The word "goods" is defined in s 61 to include all 'things attached to
or forming part of the land which are agreed to be severed before sale or
under contract of sale'.

82 It was next pertinent for me to define the exact scope of the contract of
sale between the parties in order to determine if it was a contract which fell
to be governed by the SGA. To my mind, the fundamental question was really one
of whether the defendants had merely agreed to buy and the plaintiffs to sell
D1, D2 and D3 separately and independently of each other, or, whether the
defendants had agreed to buy and the plaintiffs to sell a standard profile
metal ceiling system.

83 I think it was plain from the evidence that the subject-matter of the
parties' agreement was not merely in respect of the individual components D1,
D2 and D3. The real state of affairs was that the defendants had asked for,
and the plaintiffs correspondingly agreed to supply, the entire lower section
of the external ceiling system at the KLIA. In this respect, I relied on the
testimony of PW1 himself, who admitted that what the defendants had purchased
was a standard profile strip ceiling. The following extract from PW1's cross-
examination was relevant:

> Q: The Defendants bought an off-the-shelf ceiling system from your company?
>
> A: The Defendants bought a standard profile strip ceiling. No special design
> of the profile for the Defendants. I think the profile number is CP100,
> bought by Defendants.
>
> Q: That CP100 is exactly the same system that is now in the Kuala Lumpur
> Airport?

> A: If Defendants installed what we supplied, then the answer is yes.
>
> â€¦
>
> Q: Is D1, D2 and D3 called CP100?

> A: It is part of CP100. CP100 also has hangers, stiffeners, profiles for
> external ceiling, plugs in the concrete. We have edge profiles, acoustic
> inlays. These are about the major components. Therefore if a customer simply
> orders CP100, he gets all the above items including D1, D2 and D3.

Subsequently, PW1 also explained that CP100 referred to the width of the
ceiling strip. "100" stood for the 100mm width of each strip while "CP" or
"curved profile" referred to the curved or bent edges along the length of each
strip.

84 In my opinion, it was clear from the above that what the defendants had
purchased from the plaintiffs was a composite standard profile ceiling system,
comprising D1, D2 and D3, which when installed as a whole unit would together
form the entire lower section of the external ceiling system at the KLIA. I
accepted DW1's evidence that before he commenced negotiations with the
plaintiffs, he had no idea how to construct a suspended ceiling system, nor
was he aware of the components involved in such a system. I also accepted that
the external ceiling system in question was not one of the usual tile or plank
ceilings, nor was it a typical flat strip ceiling. Rather, it was a complex
three-dimensional hanging or suspended ceiling, something which the defendants
had had no prior acquaintance with. As a result, they consulted the plaintiffs
with the relevant Architectural Drawings and informed them that they wanted a
ceiling that would satisfy those architectural requirements. I therefore had
no difficulty in forming the conclusion that the idea or recommendation to use
CP100 originated from the plaintiffs. There was no question that CP100 was a
proprietary system. As such, only the plaintiffs would have knowledge of the
appropriate strip ceiling profile that would best meet the defendants'
requirements. Any suggestion that CP100 should be purchased by the defendants
must thus have emanated from the plaintiffs. I surmised that what probably
happened was that the plaintiffs had produced drawings of the way to construct
the entire ceiling system (i.e., both the upper and lower sections of the
system), and having examined the drawings, the defendants decided only to
purchase the entire lower section of the system. This decision however did not
have the effect of converting the intention to enter into a contract for the
sale of a ceiling system, (albeit it was now a contract to purchase only the
lower section of the system), into an intention for the sale merely of its
individual components. Counsel for the plaintiffs constantly strived to place
emphasis on the fact that the defendants had purchased the components
comprising the upper section of the ceiling system from Malaysian suppliers.
In my mind, this was completely irrelevant as it had nothing to do with the
lower section of the system, which of itself was still a composite,
proprietary unit as attested to by PW1 himself, and which the defendants in
fact purchased from the plaintiffs. It must be remembered that CP100 referred
only to the lower section on its own. The description had absolutely nothing
to do with the upper section. I was further of the view that the fact that the
buyers had to personally install and assemble the constituent components into
the final product also did not have the effect of altering the character of
the contract of sale. The situation here can perhaps be said to be akin to
that of a person buying a typical "do-it-yourself" item, e.g., a bicycle.
Suppose I walk into a shop, inform the owner that I want to buy a bicycle, and
in consequence the owner hands me a large brown box in which are contained all
the necessary components and accessories for assembling a bicycle like wheels,
chains, handle bars etc. At the same time, the box also contains instructions
on how to assemble the pieces together. In such a situation, can it be said
that what the shop owner had just sold and what I had just bought were mere
wheels, chains and handle bars and not a bicycle? I think the obvious answer
must certainly be no.

85 In the circumstances, I found that the contract for the sale of the ceiling
system as a composite unit fell squarely within the scope of the SGA. The
entire lower section of the ceiling system came within the definition of
"goods" in the SGA. It was clear that the components comprising the system
were sold and delivered as tangible, movable property to be assembled, and
this I found was sufficient to bring the ceiling system within the definition
of "goods" in the SGA. In my view, any subsequent annexation of a chattel to
land which has the effect of converting the chattel into a fixture does not
take that chattel out of the realm of the SGA.

86 Under the SGA, various terms are statutorily and compulsorily implied into
all contracts for the sale of goods which fall within the ambit of the Act. In
so far as they are relevant for the purposes of this case, the material
provisions of the 1994 Edition of the SGA are as follows:

**

Implied terms about quality or fitness

> **14\. - (1) Except as provided by this section and section 15 and subject
> to any other enactment, there is no implied condition or warranty about the
> quality or fitness for any particular purpose of goods supplied under a
> contract of sale.

(2) Where the seller sells goods in the course of a business, there is an
implied condition that the goods supplied under the contract are of
merchantable quality, except that there is no such condition -

> (a) as regards defects specifically drawn to the buyer's attention before
> the contract is made; or
>
> (b) if the buyer examines the goods before the contract is made, as regards
> defects which that examination ought to reveal.

(3) Where the seller sells goods in the course of a business and the buyer,
expressly or by implication, makes known - ****

(a) to the seller;

â€¦

> any particular purpose for which the goods are being bought, there is an
> implied condition that the goods supplied under the contract are reasonably
> fit for that purpose, whether or not that is a purpose for which such goods
> are commonly supplied, except where the circumstances show that the buyer
> does not rely, or that it is unreasonable for him to rely, on the skill or
> judgment of the sellerâ€¦
>
> â€¦
>
> (6) Goods of any kind are of merchantable quality within the meaning of
> subsection (2) if they are as fit for the purpose or purposes for which
> goods of that kind are commonly bought as it is reasonable to expect having
> regard to any description applied to them, the price (if relevant) and all
> the other relevant circumstances.

_**

Merchantable quality

**_

87 ss 14 (2) and 14(6) set out the requirements of merchantability. In _MCST
Plan No 1166 v Chubb Singapore Pte Ltd_[1999] 3 SLR 540, it was held,
following _Cammell Laird and Co Ltd v Manganese Bronze and Brass Co Ltd_
[1934] AC 402 that for the purpose of determining if the goods in question
were fit for the purpose or purposes for which goods of that kind are commonly
bought, it is unnecessary to establish exclusive reliance on the seller's
skill and judgment. If matters such as the choice of sufficient and necessary
components and the nature and properties of the components are peculiarly
within the skill and judgment of the seller, the seller automatically assumes
the responsibility. It has also been held that the requirement of
"merchantable quality" is satisfied so long as the goods were fit for some,
albeit not all, the purposes for which goods of that description are commonly
used: see _Henry Kendall & Sons v William Lillico & Sons Ltd_ [1969] 2 AC 31.

_**

Reasonable fitness for purpose

**_

88 s 14(3) of the SGA on the other hand sets out the terms of the implied
condition relating to fitness for purpose. In the _Chubb_ case (_supra_), it
was held that this provision is particularly relevant in cases where the
customer pays a huge amount of money for a thing to be custom-built. A breach
of this implied condition enables the buyer to either rescind the contract, or
claim damages for breach. I respectfully adopt the following passage from the
judgment of Selvam J in the _Chubb_ case:

> In one sense fitness for purpose may connote a general purpose such as when
> a car is purchased for driving on the roads. Fitness for purpose in that
> sense also includes good quality, that is merchantability. If the car is not
> fitted with proper brakes or if the radiator breaks down or if the sun-roof
> is stuck in open position on hot days it would be unfit for the purpose for
> which it was sold. Fitness for purpose may also apply to a specific purpose
> communicated to the seller or supplied such as when the coast guard orders a
> vessel for chasing pirates. If the engines of the vessel supplied heats up
> at high speed and breaks down each time the coast guard gives chase it would
> be utterly unfit for the specified purpose. The suppliers cannot escape
> responsibility by saying that the vessel can go at low speeds.

89 The distinction between merchantability and fitness for purpose was also
alluded to in the _Chubb_ case. Briefly, it was said that merchantability
governs the sale of a particular thing which can be applied to a range of
possible uses. Fitness for purpose on the other hand governs the sale of a
particular thing for a particular purpose, with the word "particular"
understood to mean "given", "disclosed" or "ascertained". The common feature
between the two however is that liability for both is strict. In other words,
a seller may be liable for a breach of either implied condition even though he
had exercised all possible care.

90 Returning to the facts of the present case, I accepted that CP100, or that
whole composite section of the metal ceiling system which the defendants
purchased from the plaintiffs might not always be purchased for use
externally. One of its likely purposes could well have been for use as an
internal suspended ceiling. In the absence of further proof, I was willing to
assume that the system as supplied by the plaintiffs may have been
merchantable as an internal suspended ceiling, which is not exposed to the
wind and other natural elements. Following the decisions in _Henry_ _Kendall &
Sons v William Lillico & Sons Ltd_ (_supra_) and _Aswan Engineering
Establishment Co v Lupdine Ltd_ [1987] 1 WLR 1, the definition of
"merchantable quality" is satisfied so long as the goods are fit for _some_ of
their usual purposes. There is no need for the goods to be fit for _every_
conceivable purpose for which they might be used. As such, I found that the
defendants' claim for breach of the implied condition of "merchantable
quality" was not proved on a balance of probability.

91 The position with regard to the implied term of "fitness for purpose"
however is different. Here, the words "particular purpose" have always been
given a very broad interpretation by the courts, the reason being to broaden
the scope of remedies available to a buyer so that if for some reason s 14(2)
on merchantable quality cannot be invoked, then he would still at least have a
second-string argument under s 14(3). Hence, both in _Kendall v Lillico_
(supra) and _Ashington Piggeries Ltd & anor v Christopher Hill Ltd_ [1972] AC
441, it was held that although the goods may be quite satisfactory for a wide
range of uses, the seller will be liable if the goods are in fact unsuitable
for anyone of those uses to which the buyer puts the goods.

92 The key issue with regard to s 14(3) is really that of reliance: there must
have been something said or done to bring home to the seller the fact that he
was being relied upon to supply goods fit for the buyer's particular purpose.
The court is aided in its determination of the question of reliance by the
laying down of a presumption in the section that once a particular purpose has
been made known to the seller, it is assumed that the buyer will have relied
on the seller to provide goods fit for that purpose. Hence, the only onus on
the buyer in the first instance is to show that he has made known the purpose
for which the goods are being bought.

93 Reverting to the facts of the present case, I had no doubt that the
defendants made it known to the plaintiffs right at the outset that they
intended to purchase a ceiling system which was intended for use externally.
This can be seen from the fact that the architectural drawings of the KLIA,
the tender documents, and the specifications contained in the nominated-
subcontract were all handed over to PW1 at an early stage of the negotiations.
Moreover, representatives from the plaintiffs had also attended site meetings
at the KLIA itself, in consequence of which they must have known of and
personally seen the exact locations in which the ceiling system was going to
be installed. In any case, I did not think that even the plaintiffs themselves
ever quarrelled with the fact that they knew that the ceiling system was being
purchased for use exteriorly.

94 I also found that the presumption of reliance was not rebutted by the
plaintiffs in this case. As before, I accepted DW1's evidence that prior to
being awarded the KLIA Project, the defendants had had no experience
whatsoever with the specialised type of three-dimensional suspended ceiling in
question. Throughout the working relationship of the parties, the defendants
had constantly relied on the plaintiffs for suggestions and instructions on
the mechanics of installation, the suitability of the type of material to be
used, and more importantly, to propose a system which complied with the
requirements of the KLIA Project. Moreover, it was also not in doubt that the
Gema group was well-known not only in Asia but throughout Europe for their
expertise and vast experience in metal ceiling systems. PW1 himself admitted
in court that the plaintiffs had previously supplied ceiling systems for
various major projects in Singapore, including Changi Airport, UIC Building
and Suntec City. Further evidence of reliance can also be gleaned from the
fact that CP100 was a proprietary system, and that the plaintiffs had
continuously refused to divulge critical technical information which might
have allowed the defendants to run tests on the system to check if it was
compliant. In the result, I had no hesitation in finding that absolute
reliance was placed by the defendants in the plaintiffs to supply a ceiling
system which was reasonably fit for the purpose of being used as an external
suspended ceiling.

95 With respect to the question whether or not there was a breach of the
implied condition of fitness for purpose, the above findings under sub-heading
(3) on whether there was a breach of the contract for design were similarly
applicable here. For the sake of brevity, I shall do no more than to repeat
only the more pertinent points here. The ceiling system supplied and installed
at the KLIA was clearly deficient in that there were at least two or three
separate occasions on which the ceiling strips dislodged from the carrier
rails and fell, all of which occurred in normal and ordinary weather. The
necessary implication from this must be that there was something wrong with
the system supplied. This dangerous "defect" however was remedied once the
security clips were affixed to the strips and the capping profiles, and the
distance between the carrier rails halved. I think all this was sufficient to
show that the initial composite system as supplied by the plaintiffs was
defective. The ceiling system when used internally might not have caused any
problems. But that is not the purpose for which the defendants had purchased
it. The fact that certain modifications made to the original set-up or design
of the thing in question (e.g., halving the carrier spacing), or fixing
additional components (e.g., security clips) could render the thing fit for
its purpose is irrelevant to a finding that the thing was in the first place,
not reasonably fit for its purpose. Returning to the example I gave earlier of
a non-ready-assembled bicycle. Suppose I assemble the bicycle utilising all
the parts or components supplied with the package and in accordance with the
instructions given. After riding around for a while, the chain snaps or
loosens and I am unable to continue riding the bicycle as this problem keeps
on recurring. It turns out that the reason for the chain coming loose was
because the manufacturers of the bicycle failed to include say a special
fastener necessary to hold the chain in place. In this situation, can it be
denied that the manufacturers or sellers of the bicycle had breached their
duty to supply me with a bicycle which was reasonably fit for its purpose?
Applying the analogy of the bicycle to the facts of the present case, I had no
doubt that the plaintiffs had breached the implied condition under s 14(3) of
the Sale of Goods Act. At this juncture, I should perhaps set out the facts of
the _Chubb_ case (_supra_), as they are somewhat similar to the facts here.
Briefly, what happened in that case was that the defendants, Chubb, supplied
and installed a videophone security system for the Mandarin Gardens
condominium. Part of the system comprised an audio-video communication system
which was located at the condominium's two main road entrances. Subsequently,
the system became plagued by various problems. Of these, one of the more
significant was its tendency to become crippled whenever there was lightning
activity in the vicinity. Selvam J had no difficulty in reaching the
conclusion that the defendants had breached their obligation under s 14(3) of
the SGA. In his view, Chubb should have fitted the system with surge arresters
and co-axial cables. It was unreasonable and preposterous to expect the
plaintiffs, their predecessors or their consultants to detect these faults and
build in rectification measures. It was Chubb's contractual duty to come up
with a system in accordance with the specifications provided to them.

96 I should add that even if the contract for sale in the present case was
deemed to have been concluded after 1 January 1997 such that it is the current
edition of the SGA which applied to the facts here, the position would still
be the same as s 14(3) was left unchanged by the Amendment Act.

97 Finally, with respect to counsel for the plaintiffs' attempt to rely on the
Durability Warranty Form issued by the plaintiffs to the defendants. In my
view, this Form was of no avail to the plaintiffs as their breach of s 14(3)
fell outside the limited scope of the Warranty, which was concerned mainly
with the durability of the individual components themselves, rather than the
functionality of the composite system. In any case, I found that the words of
the Warranty did not have the effect of excluding liability. They merely
offered a so-called guarantee period in which the products supplied were
guaranteed to be free from certain defects, much like the Defects Liability
Period commonly used in contracts for the sale of real property. The effect of
such "warranties" is really to reduce the possibility of litigation in the
event that defects occur within the stated period. In such a case, the
"warrantor", having given the warranty, would generally remedy the defects or
replace the defective goods as a matter of course. If there is a dispute, the
buyer can simply rely on that warranty or guarantee to establish his cause of
action. After the period however, should the buyer wish to claim against the
seller, then the buyer must establish a valid cause of action in law. But in
no way do such "warranties" cause a buyer to lose or relinquish his right to
sue the seller for defects in the goods after the period of the guarantee has
passed.

98 Having considered all the circumstances of this case, I allowed the
defendants' claim for breach of the contract to design a proper metal ceiling
system and/or breach of s 14(3) of the Sale of Goods Act. I further directed
that interlocutory judgment be entered and for damages to be assessed. In the
result, I dismissed the plaintiffs' claim for S$143,250 in respect of the
security clips supplied by them to the defendants after the collapse of the
ceiling strips as this cost was incurred as a result of the plaintiffs' breach
of contract in the first place. The claim for RM225.20 in respect of Invoice
No. 602526 was also dismissed in light of PW1's agreement to give the
defendants a credit note for it. I allowed however the plaintiffs' claim for
RM208,636.79 arising from unpaid invoices issued in respect of materials
supplied before the incidents at the KLIA.

99 I should also add at this point that I did not think it was necessary for
me to deal with the defendants' claim in negligence in the light of my
findings with respect to their claim in contract. In any event, where the
parties were clearly involved in a contractual and commercial relationship,
there is nothing to the advantage of the law's development to search for
liability in tort: per Lord Scarman in _Tai Hing Cotton Mill Ltd v Liu Chong
Hing Bank_ [1986] AC 8o at p 107. Indeed the consequences flowing from either
cause of action are different and are liable to be confused, as can be seen
from the plaintiffs' misguided argument that no remedy lies in respect of pure
economic loss. I think the law is clear that this statement holds true only in
respect of negligence claims, while contractual ones are governed solely by
the principles of remoteness of damage as laid down in _Hadley v Baxendale_
(1894) 9 Exch 341.

_

(5) Plaintiffs' claim for RM21,251 in respect of Invoice No. 97568

_

100 This was the claim for certain airfreight charges which the plaintiffs
alleged they did not agree to bear. In the absence of any evidence from the
defendants to refute this allegation, I allowed the plaintiffs this head of
claim.

_

(6) Plaintiffs' claim for RM2,830.46 in respect of Invoice No. 97693

_

101 This was the claim for the supply of certain tiles to the defendants. The
defendants' defence was that they were not obliged to pay under this invoice
as the wrong tiles were sent. When asked if this was true, PW1 replied that he
had no idea. As a result, I found that the plaintiffs had not established this
head of claim on a balance of probability and I consequently dismissed it. I
found that the standard words printed on the plaintiffs' standard form invoice
as referred to in 23 of this judgment did not avail the plaintiffs as no
evidence was adduced that the defendants had indeed acknowledged receipt of
the tiles.

_

(7) Defendants' claim for late delivery of capping profiles

_

102 In light of PW1's concession that the delay was indeed due to a production
mistake in the factory, I allowed the defendants this head of claim.

_

(8) Defendants' claim for late delivery of documents

_

103 This claim can easily be dealt with. The law on CIF contracts is clear.
The seller, having procured the necessary documents, must make every
reasonable effort to send the documents forward as soon as possible after he
has destined the goods shipped to the buyer, but without reference to the
arrival or unloading of the cargo. There is no implied condition in a CIF
contract that the seller should deliver the documents to the buyer in
sufficient time to enable the buyer to send on the bill of lading to meet the
arrival of the ship, or in time to reach the place of discharge before charges
on the goods are incurred there: Sassoon, _CIF & FOB Contracts_ (4th Ed, 1995)
at pp 195-197. In _Sanders v Maclean_ (1883) 11 QBD 327, Brett MR stated the
position as such:

> It isâ€¦ equally impossible, to my mind, to say that even a stipulation ought
> to be implied in the contract that the bill of lading should be delivered so
> that it may arrive before or at the time of the arrival of the ship or
> before charges are incurred.

104 On the evidence before me, I found that the plaintiffs had adequately
explained the processes and inherent difficulties involved in obtaining some
of the necessary documents, particularly where third party institutions were
involved. They had exerted all reasonable efforts to procure the documents as
soon as was practicable in the circumstances and I was satisfied that this was
a sufficient discharge of their obligations under a CIF contract. As such, I
ruled against the defendants in respect of this claim.

105 The remainder of the defendants' counterclaim which was not alluded to in
this judgment was also dismissed. At the same time, I ordered that judgment
for the plaintiffs on both the claim for the original supply of materials and
for the airfreight charges be stayed pending the assessment of damages.

_**

Costs

**_

106 This entire litigation started out with each side advancing many different
heads of claim. In the end however, I found for the defendants on the main
issue of liability although a number of the plaintiffs' smaller heads of
claims were also allowed. Nevertheless, I think it was clear that the
defendants were the eventual victors in this case, as a result of which I
ordered the plaintiffs to pay the defendants' costs to be taxed less S$12,000
in recognition of the former's success in the RM21,251 claim for airfreight. I
did not attach any weight to the fact of their success in the claim for the
original supply of materials as this was not in any event disputed by the
defendants and would effectively be set-off against the defendants'
counterclaim at the assessment stage anyway.

CHAN SENG ONN

JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Mar 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

