Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Credit Corporation (M) Bhd v Public Prosecutor  
[2000] SGHC 170

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 15/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 August 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Yoga Sharmini Yogarajah and Subashini Narayanasamy (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the petitioner; Hee Mee Lin (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Credit Corporation (M) Bhd — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – High court – Powers of revision –
Applicable principles – Whether hardship caused by forfeiture attracts
criminal revision  
  
Immigration – Criminal offences – Forfeiture of vehicle used in commission of
immigration offence – Mandatory forfeiture once conditions met – Whether
innocence of vehicle owner irrelevant – Whether provision of written notice on
grounds of seizure required – s 49(6) Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Construction of statute – Purposive approach – s
9A(1) Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1999 Ed)  
  

:This is a petition by a Malaysian finance company, Credit Corporation (M) Bhd
(`the petitioner`), for a revision of a vehicle forfeiture order by the
district court. The petitioner was the owner of the vehicle and had financed
its purchase made by Hapsah bte Rahmat (a Malaysian) (`the hirer`), through a
hire purchase agreement. As in a typical human smuggling syndicate`s **_modus
operandi_** , the vehicle was stolen, had its engine illegally substituted and
a false licence plate placed. The vehicle was used in the illegal smuggling of
two Indian immigrants. The three immigration offenders have been dealt with.  
  
The statutory provision under s 49(6) Immigration Act is unambiguous and
mandatory. Forfeiture must be ordered if the vehicle has been used to commit
an immigration offence. The district court rightly gave a forfeiture order of
the vehicle. I dismissed the petition.  
  
Although the court empathises with the innocent parties, whose vehicles are
stolen and illegally used, the law is clear on its mandatory provision. I have
taken the opportunity to substantiate this mandatory legislative provision,
from judicial support from England and an institutional perspective, putting
the statutory provision as part of a whole mechanism for reducing illegal
immigration and particularly, for `drying up` the easy supply of vehicles for
human smuggling syndicates.  
  
**_The facts_**

****

Pang Siew Peng (`the offender`) was arrested at the Woodlands Checkpoint for
using a vehicle, a Proton car, to smuggle two Indian nationals (`illegal
immigrants`) into Singapore. The vehicle was seized on the same day pursuant
to s 49(1) Immigration Act.  
  
He was convicted of two charges of human smuggling, under s 57(1)(c)
Immigration Act, and was sentenced to 30 months` imprisonment and eight
strokes of the cane. The two illegal immigrants were each sentenced to one
month`s imprisonment and four strokes of the cane.  
  
The petitioner had financed the purchase of the vehicle, by Hapsah bte Rahmat
(`the hirer`) in Malaysia, through a hire purchase agreement. It was insured
by PanGlobal Insurance Bhd (`the insurer`). The vehicle was stolen in Malaysia
on 18 August 1999. Its original licence plate was No JFB 3774. The original
engine, a key component of the vehicle, was substituted with another engine
without authorisation. Its licence plate was also illegally replaced with a
false one, No JEM 3765. Based on the chassis number of the vehicle, the hirer
and the insurer were contacted and informed of the seizure of the vehicle, and
later its forfeiture.  
  
However, for some inexplicable reason, the petitioner was not so informed,
although its identity was made known to Singapore Immigration and Registration
by the hirer, prior to the forfeiture application by the prosecution to the
district court. The petitioner applied for the forfeiture order to be
reversed.  
  
**_Mandatory forfeiture under s 49(6) Immigration Act when two conditions are
met_**

****

The petition resembled closely the case of **Public Finance Bhd v PP** [1997]
3 SLR 354 . In **_Public Finance Bhd_** , in interpreting s 49(6) Immigration
Act, I pointed out that once the two conditions under s 49(6) are met,
forfeiture of the vehicle is mandatory. The two conditions are:

(a) commission of the offence; and

(b) use of the vehicle in the commission of the offence.  
  
This stipulation is clear, unmistakable and exhaustive. There are no other
factors to be considered. It precludes reliance by the court on any other
factors that might be raised by the offender or, indeed by any other party
such as the owner of the vehicle.  
  
The fact that the vehicle was stolen, illegally altered and used for human
smuggling, and the fact that the vehicle was used by the offender, a person
not in lawful possession of it, for human trafficking, are irrelevant.  
  
Indeed, it is within the relevant authorities` discretion to make a forfeiture
application to the district court. Finance and car rental companies can make
representations to them. However, once the authorities make a forfeiture
application, the court will only be concerned whether the two conditions have
been met. And if they have been, a forfeiture order must be made.  
  
**_Absence of criminal involvement by the petitioner is irrelevant_**

****

The petitioner claimed that as an innocent party it was unjustifiable that
they be penalised. However, I made clear in **Public Finance Bhd v PP** [1997]
3 SLR 354 , **PP v Mayban Finance (Singapore) Ltd** [1998] 1 SLR 462  and **PP
v M/s Serve You Motor Services** [1996] 1 SLR 669  that, even though the court
sympathised with the owners, forfeiture must be ordered once it has been used
in the commission of the offence, regardless of whether the petitioner had
participated in the criminal offence. The provision is clear and mandatory.
The owners would have to be left to their remedies against the offenders.  
  
Counsel for the petitioner submitted that s 49(6) Immigration Act should be
given an interpretation that would promote the purpose or objective underlying
it, rather than a literal interpretation that would not promote the purpose or
objective.  
  
Section 9A of the Interpretation Act stipulates that an interpretation that
would promote the purpose underlying the written law shall be preferred to one
that would not so promote the purpose. The court may refer to the Hansard. A
purposive approach to statutory interpretation could be taken even if a
provision was not ambiguous or inconsistent: **Planmarine AG v Maritime and
Port Authority of Singapore** [1999] 2 SLR 1  (CA).  
  
However, a purposive interpretation of s 49(6) Immigration Act would still
yield a similar mandatory result.  
  
During the Parliamentary debate on 2 May 1996, the Minister for Law, Professor
Jayakumar made clear that forfeiture acts as a strong deterrent. If vehicles
were returned to innocent owners, human smuggling syndicates would find it
easier to obtain vehicles to carry out human smuggling, without the risk of
confiscation. All they need to do is to hire or borrow the vehicles. Doing
away with the mandatory provisions would only increase the pool of easy
resources available to human smuggling syndicates.  
  
Mandatory forfeiture would not directly stop the human smuggling syndicates
from stealing vehicles. Far from it. The syndicates would continue stealing
vehicles and paying young offenders to carry out human smuggling across the
causeway.  
  
Instead, mandatory forfeiture of the vehicles puts the onus on the vehicle
owners to exercise care and responsibility when lending or hiring out their
vehicles. By extension, it also places onus on hirers and borrowers to
exercise greater care in preventing their vehicles from becoming easy theft
targets.  
  
In short, the mandatory provision for forfeiture ensures that a legal loophole
does not exist. It is meant to `dry up` the easy supply of vehicles for human
smuggling. A purposive interpretation of s 49(6) Immigration Act would yield a
similar mandatory forfeiture order once the two conditions have been met.  
  
**_Notices under ss 49(2) and 49(3) of the Immigration Act_**

****

Under s 49(2) Immigration Act, the seizing officer must give a notice in
writing on the grounds of seizure to the owner, if known. Section 49(3)
Immigration Act stipulates that the notice is not required if the seizure is
made in the presence of or with the knowledge of the offender or owner of the
vehicle.  
  
The vehicle was seized in the presence of the offender at the Woodlands
Checkpoint. The offender was served a notice of seizure under s 49(2)
Immigration Act. In such circumstances, as I said in **_Public Finance Bhd_**
, s 49(3) Immigration Act obviates the need for any further notice of seizure
to be given to the petitioner.  
  
In fact, as s 49(6) Immigration Act is exhaustive, the petitioner was not even
entitled to make representations to the district court for the return of the
vehicle. This was not a valid argument.  
  
**_Requirements for criminal revision_**

****

Counsel for the petitioner rightly pointed out that neither the petitioner nor
the hirer could have foreseen that the vehicle would be stolen and used for
human smuggling. Neither could they in the circumstances do anything more to
prevent the theft and, later, its forfeiture. Therefore, counsel submitted
that the petitioner suffered `injustice and undue hardship`.  
  
I said in **Ang Poh Chuan v Public Prosecutor** [1996] 1 SLR 326  that,
although it is a wide discretion vested with the court, there must be some
serious injustice, in other words, something palpably wrong in the decision
that strikes at the basis as an excuse of an exercise of judicial power by the
district court, for the High Court to exercise criminal revision.  
  
I also made clear in **_Ang Poh Chuan_** that hardship caused by forfeiture
alone could not attract criminal revision. Injustice could be established only
if it was shown that forfeiture ought not to have been ordered.  
  
As I said in **_Public Finance Bhd_** , even if the petitioner had been given
express notice of the seizure, it would not have been able to make
representations as to the forfeiture of the vehicle. In the circumstances, the
requirements for criminal revision were not satisfied.  
  
**_Judicial support from England_**

****

Such mandatory forfeiture provision is not new to the Commonwealth
jurisdictions. One can derive support from the English Court of Appeal`s
decision in **Customs and Excise Commissioners v Air Canada** [1991] 2 QB
446[1991] 1 All ER 570, where the court strictly interpreted the mandatory
statutory provisions in their Customs and Excise Management Act 1979.  
  
On a flight to the United Kingdom, the cargo in a large commercial aircraft of
Air Canada was found to contain cannabis resin. The aircraft was seized and
made liable to forfeiture. The English Court of Appeal, following an
established practice, interpreted the provisions as they were, strictly and
clearly, without jeopardising their legislative intent.  
  
The English Court of Appeal accepted that the liability to forfeiture of the
aircraft was absolute and not dependent on proof of mens rea of the owner or
user. The liability to forfeiture depended solely on the fact that it had been
used for the commission of an offence, wholly independent of any knowledge,
motive, consent or attitude of the owner or user of the aircraft. Intention to
transgress or commit an offence in any way was irrelevant.  
  
This example from England shows that Singapore is not alone in this area. It
is not objectionable that the liability acts in rem. It is never a rule at
common law that mens rea must be presumed to be a prerequisite of the
incurring of liability to forfeiture. Various other cases can also be referred
to, such as **_Lord Advocate v Crookshanks_** (1888) 15 R (Ct of Sess) 995,
**De Keyser v British Railway Traffic and Electric Co Ltd** [1936] 1 KB 224,
**Customs and Excise Commissioners v Jack Bradley (Accrington) Ltd** [1959] 1
QB 219[1958] 3 All ER 487 and **Denton v John Lister Ltd** [1971] 3 All ER
669.  
  
**_Justification of the mandatory provision_**

****

I will put forward a reasoning from an institutional perspective, to look at
the justification of the mandatory provision. Section 49(6) Immigration Act
provides a severe deterrent and sanction in the hands of the authorities to
prevent human smuggling. This mandatory provision should be regarded as part
of the preventive strategies. In this context, prevention means that the
owners must take greater care of their vehicles and ensure that it is harder
for offenders to steal the vehicles for human smuggling. It encourages greater
vigilance to reduce the ready supply of vehicles for human smuggling.  
  
Crimes result not only from the motivation of the offender but also from the
situation in which the offender finds himself. If the situation can be altered
to the offender`s disadvantage, for instance, increased chances of detection
and swift punishment, and reduced supply of means to carry out the offences,
then the opportunities for crime will certainly be reduced. This situational
prevention can be extrapolated here.  
  
In short, this is part of the purposive manipulation of the immediate
environment in which human smuggling can be reduced from the reduction of the
supply of vehicles, detection mechanism, deterrent effect in its punishment,
to reduced opportunity of movement, harbouring and employment within
Singapore. It is part of a whole scheme to reduce illegal immigration.  
  
Crime prevention is a co-ordinated approach. We are aware of the extent of
severity of the impact of human smuggling, such as that in the recent calamity
in Dover, England that caused 58 illegal Chinese immigrant deaths on 18 June
2000, or the 180 illegal immigrants that were known to have died this year
alone in Italian waters, often pushed into the sea and left to drown by
smugglers trying to lighten their boats to get away from the Italian coast-
guard patrols. I also referred to the Dover calamity in rejecting the appeal
in **_Mohamed Zakir Mohamed Ali v PP_** (shipmate in stowaway case, 3 August
2000). The human smuggling syndicates are highly organized and international
in their operations. Their illicit gains are extremely lucrative and
exploitative. The massive poverty, enormous population pressure in and around
the region, and the robust prosperity in Singapore makes Singapore an
attractive destination.  
  
The petition was about as hard a case as could well be. However, I could not
allow the petition. Otherwise, a loophole would be created for car rental and
finance companies, and become a soft option for the syndicates to so operate
and exploit.  
  
In short, the nature of the crime, its impact on public safety and social
order, the punishment that it entails, the absence of social obloquy, the
wording of s 49(6) Immigration Act and its context show very clearly
Parliament`s intention that this punishment of forfeiture be meted out
regardless of intent or knowledge. The problem of illegal immigrants is
pernicious. The responsibility for a policy decision on this must remain with
the Parliament. The legislative intent is unmistakably clear. The court should
not dilute the overall deterrent effect of the statutory provision.  
  
**_Advice on trade practices to the companies to avoid further losses_**

****

It is unfortunate that car rental or finance companies become unwitting
victims to human smuggling syndicates. To avoid further losses, car rental and
finance companies should immediately start incorporating the requirement of
guarantees or insurance coverage into their hire purchase or rental
agreements. These guarantees or insurance policies ought to cover the losses
of theft and forfeiture by the relevant authorities. The costs of the
guarantee or insurance protection will necessarily have to be borne by the
individual hirers and borrowers. The onus will thus shift to the individuals
to be more vigilant.  
  
This measure can be practised on an industry-wide basis. The cost will be
spread out and I do not foresee the individuals having to shoulder too sharp
an increase in costs.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

I dismissed the petition. Car rental and finance companies should modify their
trade practices to cover themselves. The cost will be passed down to car
hirers or borrowers. With the deterrent effect of pecuniary loss, all parties
will be made to be more careful in handling their vehicles.  
  
There will always be unsuspecting victims in cases where vehicles are stolen
and illegally used for human smuggling. But with a wider net and clearer
deterrent messages, the public should be prompted to do their bids to reduce
the easy supply of vehicles for human smuggling syndicates.  
  
**Outcome:**

Petition dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Aug 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

