Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Er Joo Nguang and Another v Public Prosecutor  
[2000] SGHC 60

Case Number | : | MA 149/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 April 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leong Kah Wah and Navinder Singh (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for the first appellant; Billy Low Naifah (Billy & Han) for the second appellant; Amarjit Singh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Er Joo Nguang; Another — Public Prosecutor   
  
Commercial Transactions – Sale of goods – Buyer taking delivery and possession
of goods without endorsed bills of lading – Whether buyer has right to do so –
Whether delivery conditional upon payment of – s 28 Sale of Goods Act (Cap
393, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Appeals – Trial judge's observation of witnesses –
Trial judge's findings of fact – Whether appellate court should overturn
findings of fact – Whether any basis to interfere with trial judge's decision
to prefer evidence of Prosecution witness  
  
Criminal Law – Abetment – Abetment by conspiracy – Nature of offence -Whether
principal offender necessary – Whether two accessories can abet each other – s
107(b) Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – Abetment – Abetment by conspiracy – Proof of conspiracy –
Factors relevant to drawing inference of conspiracy – When inference
justifiable – s 107(b)Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – Abetment – Abetment by conspiracy – Requisite mens rea –
Dishonest intent – Whether evidence supports inference of dishonest intent –
Whether negligence or failure to account for entrusted property constitutes
dishonesty – s 107(b) Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – Abetment – Abetment by conspiracy – "Lucas" test – Appellant's
motive for lying – Whether lie evidence of or corroboration of guilt  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Amendment – Whether High Court in
appellate jurisdiction should amend charge and substitute conviction –
Relevant considerations – s 256(b)(ii) Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985
Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Amendment – Substitution of
conviction under amended charge – Power of High Court to substitute conviction
in appellate capacity – s 173 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Corroboration – Lies – Appellant's lies
as corroboration – Circumstances in which appellant's lies may provide
corroboration against him  
  

: **_Introduction_**  
  
Both appellants were convicted in the district court of abetment by conspiracy
to commit criminal breach of trust (`CBT`), contrary to ss 109 and 409 of the
Penal Code Cap 224 (`PC`). The offence was committed in relation to certain
goods, valued at about US$301,673. The first appellant (`B1`) was sentenced to
four years and six months` imprisonment. The second appellant (`B2`) was
sentenced to five years and six months` imprisonment. I allowed B1`s appeal
against conviction, acquitted him and set his sentence aside. As for B2, I
amended the charge against him, substituted the conviction and dismissed his
appeal against conviction. I allowed his appeal against sentence, and reduced
that sentence to four years` imprisonment. I now give my reasons.  
  
**_Background facts_**

****

B1 was the managing director of a Singapore company of freight forwarders
called `World Freight Pte Ltd` (`WF`). B2 was the managing director of a
company called `Uncle Sam Apparel Pte Ltd` (`US Apparel`). The complainant was
a Filipino businessman called Nari Kishanchand Gidwani (`PW13`).  
  
Sometime in 1997, B2 contracted to purchase from PW13 500,000 pieces of Walt
Disney apparel (`the goods`) at US$3 per piece. The total price of the goods
amounted to US$1.5m. Initially, it was agreed that the transaction would be
financed by letters of credit. Accordingly, in October 1997, B2 opened letters
of credit worth US$600,000 in part payment for the goods. Between 2 and 6
November 1997, he went to Manila and met up with PW13. During this trip, they
agreed to change the mode of financing for the transaction from letters of
credit to `documents against payment` terms (`D/P terms`). Pursuant to the new
terms of payment, the bills of lading (`b/ls`) relating to the goods were
consigned in favour of the Industrial and Commercial Bank Limited (`ICB`), who
were B2`s bankers. It was understood between them that under the new terms of
payment, B2 would pay ICB for the goods in order to get b/ls that were duly
endorsed. These b/ls would then allow B2 to obtain the goods from the
consignees.  
  
B2 needed to ship the goods from the Philippines to Singapore, and he
contacted B1 around the end of October 1997 for that purpose. B1 and B2 had
business dealings with each other since 1996, and B1`s freight forwarding
company, WF, had handled many previous shipments for B2. At B1`s
recommendation, a company in the Philippines called `Worldwide Consolidated
Freight Corp` (`Worldwide`) was subsequently appointed as the freight
forwarding agent in the Philippines to handle the shipment. When Worldwide
prepared the ocean b/ls for the shipment, it named WF as the consignees in
Singapore.  
  
Following this, PW13 shipped a total of six container loads of Walt Disney
apparel to Singapore. This was done in three shipments - the first shipment
consisted of two containers, the second consisted of one container and the
last shipment consisted of three containers. All six containers were consigned
to B1`s company, WF, which collected the three shipments from the Port of
Singapore Authority (PSA) on 7, 10 and 13 November 1997 respectively.  
  
B1 was meant to release the goods only upon presentation of b/ls that were
duly endorsed by ICB. However, he released the goods to B2 without receiving
those b/ls. According to him, around 7 November 1997, on the arrival of the
first two containers, B2 contacted him and said that he needed the goods
urgently for his impending public sale at Seaview Hotel. B2 said that it would
take some time for ICB to process the necessary documents, and he asked B1 to
release the goods to him first. He assured B1 that he would pay for the goods
and obtain the b/ls from ICB later on. He also gave B1 a verbal assurance that
he would take responsibility in the event that WF faced any problems for
releasing the goods without the duly endorsed b/ls.  
  
Subsequently, on 13 November 1997, B1 delivered the first two containers to
B2`s sales outlet at Seaview Hotel. On 15 November 1997, he delivered the
third container, and on 26 November 1997 he delivered the last three
containers.  
  
From 17 to 30 November 1997 and from 5 to 7 December 1997, B2 conducted public
sales of Walt Disney and other brands of apparel at his sales outlet at
Seaview Hotel. Around 4 December 1997, PW13 (who was in the Philippines) was
alerted by his sources in Singapore as to the public sales organised by B2.
PW13 then contacted B1 to ascertain the whereabouts of his six containers of
Walt Disney goods. By this time, B1 had already delivered all the goods to B2,
but he did not inform PW13 of this. Instead, he assured PW13 that the goods
were still in his custody.  
  
PW13 was never paid for the goods, and B1 never received the duly endorsed
b/ls from B2. Between 13 to 15 December 1997, B1, with B2`s consent, retook
custody of some cartons of Walt Disney apparel from B2`s premises. These were
stored by B1 at his own expense at two warehouses at Jalan Terusan and Kallang
Place. On 24 January 1998, B1 ceased providing agency services to B2.  
  
Evidently, between 4 December 1997 and 27 February 1998, PW13 contacted B1
several times by telephone and fax, instructing B1 repeatedly not to release
the goods to B2 unless he received an authentic `bank endorsement` from B2. On
each occasion, B1 lied to PW13 and repeatedly assured him that the goods in
the six containers had not left WF`s custody and had never been handed over to
B2. He also told PW13 that he had been informed by B2 that the bank
endorsement was forthcoming.  
  
Finally, in March 1998, B1 called PW13 and confessed that he had actually
released the goods to B2 in November 1997 without first obtaining the duly
endorsed b/ls. He apologised, and asked for PW13`s forgiveness and explained
the circumstances in which he had released the goods. He told PW13 that the
goods had been released to B2 long before he received PW13`s call in December
1997. He said that he had previously lied about the whereabouts of the goods
because he had hoped that PW13 and B2 would be able to sort things out between
them. He said that he had now engaged a law firm Joseph Tan Jude Benny, to
commence a civil action against B2, and was in the process of obtaining a
Mareva injunction against the latter.  
  
Thereafter, on or about 30 March 1998, PW13 lodged a complaint with
Singapore`s Commercial Crime Division (`CCD`), and CCD commenced
investigations against B1 and B2.  
  
A survey of the goods stored by B1 at the two warehouses was carried out by
Unispec Adjusters & Surveyors (S) Pte Ltd (Unispec) between 14 to 20 May 1998.
This survey was jointly arranged by PW13 and B1. B1 paid for the survey. Based
on the quantity that had been shipped (as recorded in the shipping documents
and invoices), and taking into account two cartons which had been taken away
by the police in the course of the investigations, the inspection revealed
that 3,327 cartons containing 94,147 pieces of Walt Disney apparel were
missing. The value of the missing goods was estimated to be US$301,673.  
  
In September 1998, CCD brought charges against B1 and B2 for abetting each
other in a conspiracy to commit CBT. In essence, the charges against B1 and B2
stated that between 11 and 26 November 1997, they had engaged with each other
in a conspiracy to commit breach of trust of goods belonging to GG Sportswear
Manufacturing Corporation of the Philippines, and that in pursuance of that
conspiracy, and in order to the doing of that thing, they had made the
necessary arrangements to take possession and to subsequently sell off 3,327
cartons containing 94,147 pieces of Walt Disney apparel valued at US$301,763.
They were charged under s 409 of the Penal Code (`PC`), for an aggravated form
of CBT, on the basis that the goods had been entrusted to B1 in his capacity
as an agent.  
  
**_The proceedings below_**

****

  
  
**The prosecution`s case**

Based on PW13`s evidence, the prosecution alleged that B2 had concluded a
contract with PW13 in June 1997 for the purchase of 500,000 pieces of assorted
Walt Disney apparel at US$3 per piece, and that he had conducted a full
inspection of the goods in Manila between 2 and 6 November 1997. Those goods
were then shipped by PW13 to Singapore, and were entrusted to B1 in his
capacity as the shipping agent in Singapore. B2 was supposed to pay ICB for
the value of the goods, in return for b/ls that were duly endorsed by ICB. He
could then obtain possession of the goods in the custody of B1. However, the
prosecution alleged that B2 and his company were in financial problems at that
time, and B2 had no funds to pay for the goods. The prosecution called PW14,
the Vice-President of ICB, who testified that B2 and US Apparel were facing a
shortage of funds at the relevant time, and had exceeded their credit lines.
The prosecution`s case was that B2, not having paid for the goods, conspired
with B1 to commit CBT of the goods, and pursuant to that conspiracy, B1
delivered those goods to him. From 17 to 30 November 1997 and from 5 to 7
December 1997, B2 conducted public sales of clothing at his sales outlet at
Seaview Hotel. He put up PW13`s goods for sale during those occasions, and
sold some 3,327 cartons of the goods, containing 94,147 items of Walt Disney
apparel, and pocketed the proceeds of sale. PW1, 2, 3 and 7, who had attended
the sales, testified that at least half of the sales space, being about three
quarters of the size of a football field, had been devoted to the sale of Walt
Disney apparel.  
  
With regard to B1, the prosecution relied on PW13`s evidence to show that B1
had released the goods to B2 with dishonest intent, for the purpose of
abetting B2 to commit CBT of the goods. PW13 testified that between December
1997 and February 1998, he corresponded several times with B1 via fax and
telephone, repeatedly instructing B1 not to release the goods to B2 unless he
received a valid bank endorsement. B1 assured him throughout that time that
the goods had never left his custody and would not be released to B2 without
the appropriate bank endorsements. In January 1998, PW13 asked for a survey of
his goods but B1 did not respond to this request. PW13 also testified that
around March 1998, B1 called him and finally admitted hat he had released the
goods to B2 in November 1997 without obtaining the duly endorsed b/ls. In the
course of the conversation, B1 apologised, and explained the circumstances in
which he had released the goods. B1 said that he had relied upon and trusted
the word of B2 and had been let down by B2. B1 also tried to explain why he
had lied about the whereabouts of the goods to PW13 between December 1997 and
February 1998.  
  
The prosecution also called PW4, the Chairman of the Singapore Freight
Forwarders Association (`the Association`), to give evidence as to the
commercial practice of freight forwarders. By his evidence, the prosecution
sought to establish that B1`s release of the goods to B2 without production of
the original b/ls was contrary to standard commercial practice, and that there
was a conspiracy between B1 and B2 to commit CBT of PW13`s goods. PW4
testified that under the standard terms advocated by the Association, goods
could only be released by a freight forwarder against duly endorsed b/ls. The
only other alternative, which was not contained in the Association`s standard
terms, was to release the goods against a letter of indemnity enjoined by a
bank (and not other types of indemnity). PW4 conceded that deviation from the
alleged standard practice could not be ruled out, nor could it be controlled
by the Association. He also acknowledged that B1`s company, WF, was not a
member of the Association and therefore did not operate under the
Association`s standard trading conditions.  
  
**_B1`s defence_**

****

Before the trial judge, B1`s defence counsel raised a preliminary objection
that the charges were flawed, as both B1 and B2 were charged as `abettors`
while no one was charged as the principal offender. He submitted that there
could not be offences of abetment by conspiracy when no principal offender had
been identified as the one whom the defendants had abetted.  
  
Apart from the problem with the charges, B1`s defence was essentially a denial
of any conspiracy between himself and B2 to commit CBT of the goods. He
conceded that he had knowingly breached the standard commercial practice by
releasing the goods without duly endorsed b/ls, and without a letter of
indemnity enjoined by a bank. However, he maintained that he had done so
because he trusted B2, and had never expected the latter not to pay for the
goods. He therefore denied that he had been dishonest when he released those
goods. The defence counsel for B1 also pointed out that the other requirements
for establishing the aggravated form of CBT under s 409 of the PC, namely, the
elements of `entrustment` and `agency`, had not been made out.  
  
**_B2`s defence_**

****

B2 also denied that he had engaged in a conspiracy with B1 to commit CBT of
the goods. In addition, he went one step further and claimed that there were
no missing goods at all, and that the alleged shortfall in quantity was
actually due to PW13`s own act of short shipment. B2 said that in June 1997,
he had contacted PW13 and asked for samples of goods. He received the samples
and upon finding them suitable, he negotiated the price with PW13 over the
telephone, and then placed an order for about US$1.5m worth of the goods. He
said that this was not a concluded contract, since their oral agreement was
subject to his viewing of the styles and samples in Manila. In September 1997,
he went to Manila to view the full range of goods available. In October 1997,
he opened three letters of credit in favour of PW13. B2 conceded that he was
in Manila on 5 and 6 November 1997 and had met up with PW13, but he disputed
PW13`s evidence that he had spent two full days conducting a full inspection
of the goods that he had ordered. Instead, he said that he had merely spent
about two and a half hours on 5 November 1997 looking at samples of the goods.  
  
B2 said that he had planned a massive advertising campaign for his impending
public sales, but there was no sign of the documents of title even as late as
12 November 1997. He wrote to ICB requesting the urgent presentation of the
documents but to no avail. With the impending public sale drawing nearer and
still no sign of the documents of title, he then contacted B1 and asked him to
release the goods to him first. He assured B1 that he would give him the
relevant b/ls later on. He requested urgent delivery of the goods and this was
done. He did not eventually give B1 the relevant b/ls because he discovered
that the goods were not in accordance with his orders and therefore he
rejected the goods and the documents. Having rejected the goods and the
documents, he then tried to cancel the advertisements for the public sales,
but could not do so. He claimed that the situation was so desperate that he
had been forced to obtain counterfeit and unlicensed Walt Disney goods from
another source, one `Manaf`, and that he had sold these counterfeit Walt
Disney goods at his public sales. He denied having sold any of PW13`s goods,
and he denied responsibility for the missing goods. Furthermore, he claimed
that the goods were not missing at all, and that the shortfall in the quantity
was actually due to PW13`s own short-shipment.  
  
**_The decision of the judge below_**

****

The trial judge did not think that it was necessary to have a principal
offender in order for B1 and B2 to be charged with abetment by conspiracy. He
considered the evidence adduced by the prosecution, and substantially adopted
the prosecution`s version of material facts. In the course of the trial, he
found material inconsistencies and discrepancies in B2`s evidence, and
impeached B2`s credit. At the conclusion of the trial, the trial judge found
that the evidence supported both the inference that B1 had been engaged with
B2 in a conspiracy to commit CBT, and also the inference that B1 had been
dishonest when he released the goods to B2. He further agreed with the
prosecution that B1 and B2 had abetted to commit an aggravated form of CBT as
there had been entrustment of property by PW13 to B1, and a relationship of
agency between them. Accordingly, he convicted B1 and B2 as charged.  
  
**_Preliminary point of law in the appeal: whether two defendants can be
charged under s 107(b) of the Penal Code for abetting each other by conspiracy
in the absence of a principal offender_**

****

The first issue raised by both appellants` counsel in the appeal before me was
the interesting legal question of whether there can be offences of abetment by
conspiracy if no one had been charged as the principal offender. This question
arose because, in the present case, both B1 and B2 were charged as `abettors`.
Neither one of them was charged as the principal offender, and no one else was
alleged to have been involved. Put simply, the rationale behind the arguments
submitted by the appellants` counsel was that if no principal offender
existed, then there was no one for the appellants to `abet`.  
  
The same question was raised before the trial judge, who adopted the whole of
the prosecution`s submissions on the issue. Those submissions stated that two
or more persons could be co-principals in an offence. That is a well-
established legal principle, but it does not directly answer the question
raised in this case, namely, whether there can be offences of abetment by
conspiracy when no principal has been charged. To my knowledge, no previous
local case law or academic authority has considered this specific issue.
Hence, I reverted to first principles.  
  
First of all, it is important to clarify the meaning of the terms `principal
offender` and `secondary offender`. The principal offender is the person whose
acts fall within the legal definition of the offence - that is, he actually
commits the actus reus with the necessary mens rea. For example, he is the one
who makes the knife wound which causes the death of the victim with the
requisite intention in a crime of murder, or who snatches the bag with the
requisite intention for the crime of theft or robbery. The acts of a secondary
offender (sometimes called an `accomplice` or `accessory`) do not fall within
the legal definition of the substantive offence, but he is someone whom the
law punishes for his involvement in the commission of the substantive offence.
It does not follow from this that where two or more persons are involved in an
offence, one must be the principal and the others the accomplices. Two or more
persons can be co-principals, so long as each of them satisfies the definition
of the substantive offence, for example, by each inflicting the wounds upon
the victim with the required fault.  
  
It should be emphasised that the terms `principal offender` and `secondary
offender` are descriptive terms. The issue of the **_appropriate
description_** of the offenders must not be confused with the issue of the
complicity of the offenders. The former issue relates to identifying and
describing the precise role that each offender plays in relation to the legal
definition of the crime. In contrast, the issue of complicity relates to the
level of involvement and the degree to which each offender should be punished.
Therefore, the fact that one defendant is labelled the `principal offender`,
and the other defendant is labelled the `secondary offender`, does not mean
that the latter is automatically guilty to a lesser degree than the former.
Indeed, the Penal Code provides that the secondary offender can be punished to
the same degree as the principal offender, depending on his level of
involvement and culpability.  
  
In English law, the general consensus is that the offence of `abetment` (or
`aiding and abetting` as it is more commonly called in English law) is a
`secondary offence` and the abettor is a `secondary offender`. The position in
English law is that the very nature of the offence of abetment makes the
liability of the abettor derivative in nature, in that it is necessary for a
principal offender to exist before another person can be found guilty of
`abetment`. Put simply, there must be someone for the accused to abet. In some
cases, the principal offender may not be charged for various reasons, for
example, he may have absconded, or there may be lack of evidence to ascertain
his exact identity. Nevertheless, a principal offender must first be
ascertained to exist before another person can be accused of abetment. This is
because the offence of aiding and abetting, under English law, is understood
to constitute some **_encouragement_** or **_help_** to the principal
offender. Between them, the English notions of `aiding, abetting, counselling
or procuring` embrace conduct which encourages or influences the principal
offender or helps him in the commission of the crime.  
  
In Singapore law, the offence of abetment is contained in s 107 of the PC.
This section was derived from the Indian Penal Code, and differs significantly
from the wording of English legislation governing the offence of abetment.
Section 107 of our Penal Code states:

> _A person abets the doing of a thing who - (a) instigates any person to do
> that thing; (b) engages with one or more other person or persons in any
> conspiracy for the doing of that thing, if an act or illegal omission takes
> place in pursuance of that conspiracy, and in order to the doing of that
> thing; or (c) intentionally aids by any act or illegal omission, the doing
> of that thing._

  
  
In contrast, the relevant English provision, namely, s 8 of the Accessories
and Abettors Act 1861, states:

> _Whosoever shall aid, abet, counsel or procure the commission of any
> indictable offence ... shall be liable to be tried, indicted and punished as
> a principal offender._

  
  
A comparison of these two statutory provisions reveals that, insofar as the
offence of `abetment` is concerned, Singapore law has deviated significantly
from English law. The concepts of `abetment by instigation` and `abetment by
intentional aiding` found in limbs (a) and (c) of s 107 of our Penal Code are
well-known in English criminal law. However, the concept of `abetment by
conspiracy` in limb (b) of s 107 is alien to English law, and was derived from
the Indian Penal Code. Therefore, whereas abetment by instigation and abetment
by intentional aiding can be said to involve concepts of encouraging and
helping the principal offender, it is not immediately clear that the same can
be said of abetment by conspiracy.  
  
It is time that we clarify the distinction between limb (b) of s 107 of our
Penal Code and limbs (a) and (c). Unlike abetment by `instigation` or
`intentional aiding`, the offence of abetment by `conspiracy` is, in
substance, more closely related to the concept of `criminal conspiracy` than
the traditional English notion of `abetment` (ie encouraging or helping
another). The offence of `abetment by conspiracy`, postulates proof of a
criminal conspiracy coupled with proof of some further act which has been done
in pursuance of that conspiracy. In the case of **Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v PP**
[1999] 1 SLR 25 , where I delivered the judgment of the Court of Appeal, it
was stated (at p 60) that:

> _The distinction between abetment by conspiracy under s 107(b) of the Penal
> Code and criminal conspiracy under s 120A of the Penal Code was pointed out
> by the Supreme Court of India in**NMMY Momin** [1971] Cr LJ at p 796:_

> _
>
> `Criminal conspiracy postulates an agreement between two or more persons to
> do, or cause to be done, an illegal act or an act which is not illegal, by
> illegal means. It differs from other offences in that mere agreement is made
> an offence even if no step is taken to carry out that agreement. Though
> there is close association of conspiracy with incitement and abetment the
> substantive offence of criminal conspiracy is somewhat wider in amplitude
> than abetment by conspiracy as contemplated by s 107 IPC.`
>
> Unlike criminal conspiracy under s 120A of the Penal Code, abetment by
> conspiracy requires some further act to be done pursuant to the conspiracy.
> (See also Explanation 5 to s 108 of the Penal Code.) According to **Koh
> Clarkson and Morgan`s Criminal Law in Singapore and Malaysia** [1989] at pp
> 311-312, the essential elements of abetment by conspiracy are: first, the
> person abetting must engage, with one or more other persons in a conspiracy;
> second, the conspiracy must be for the doing of the thing abetted; and
> third, an act or illegal omission must take place in pursuance of the
> conspiracy in order to the doing of that thing.
>
> _

  
  
Having considered the nature and definition of the offence, I found, as a
matter of law, that it is not necessary for a principal offender to exist
before someone can be charged under s 107 (b) for abetment by conspiracy - so
long as two accused persons agree that they want to effect a substantive
offence, and so long as one of them commits an act in pursuance of that
conspiracy, there is no reason why they cannot both be charged for abetting
each other by conspiracy to commit that substantive offence.  
  
During the hearing of the appeal, B1`s counsel raised a separate but related
point. He argued that the prosecution must in every case prove that the
principal offence has actually been committed before the abettor is convicted
of abetting the commission of that principal offence. It was argued that B1
could not be convicted of abetment by conspiracy to commit CBT in this case as
the principal offence of CBT had not been made out. This point can be disposed
of simply by referring to my recent dicta in the case of **Chua Kian Kok v
PP** [1999] 2 SLR 542 . In that case, I considered the issue of whether an
abettor could be convicted when the principal offence that he abetted did not
take place, and the principal offender was convicted of a different offence
from that which the abettor was charged with abetting. I held that since an
accessory`s liability was not strictly dependent on the liability of the
principal, the fact that the principal offender was convicted of a different
offence from that which the appellant was charged with abetting, did not pose
any difficulty. In my judgment, I touched on the `derivative nature` of the
liability of an accessory. I said (at p 562):

> _It may perhaps be argued that it is illogical to convict an accessory when
> an offence has not been committed.**This is because the liability of an
> accessory is derivative in nature**. If the principal is not guilty of the
> offence that is abetted (as he would only be guilty of another offence, or
> at most for the attempt of the offence) how can it be said that the
> accessory, who is even more `removed` from the offence, is guilty of
> abetting it ? ..._

> _This objection can be dealt with in the following way.**The principle that
> an accessory`s liability is derivative is a common law principle**. Our
> criminal law is codified in the form of the Penal Code. Sections 107(b),
> 109, 115 and 116 of the Code clearly state that an accessory can be guilty
> even though the actual offence is not committed. **Applying Bank of England
> v Vagliano Bros [1891] AC 107, one should look at the natural meaning of the
> statutory words and not at earlier case law. That being the case, the Penal
> Code should prevail over the common law notion of an accessory`s liability
> being derivative**. In fact, even in England, inroads are being made to this
> notion of derivative liability ... [Emphasis mine.]_

  
  
The same observations apply in the present case. One should look at the
natural meaning of the statutory words and not at earlier case law. By
definition, the offence of `abetment by conspiracy`, which was derived from
the Indian Penal Code, refers to proof of the existence of a conspiracy and
proof of an act done in furtherance of that conspiracy. This does not
necessitate the existence of a principal offender, and two accessories can
therefore be charged for abetting each other by conspiracy. The Penal Code
should prevail over the common law notion of an accessory`s liability being
derivative.  
  
It follows, therefore, that the charges against B1 and B2 in this case were
not defective for want of a principal offender. Having disposed of the
preliminary point of law, I will now turn to the rest of the contentions
raised by the appellants. At the outset, I note that for the charges against
B1 and B2 to be made out, the prosecution must have proved beyond reasonable
doubt:

(i) first, that B1 and B2 were knowingly engaged in a conspiracy to commit the
crime of aggravated CBT as defined under s 409 of the PC;

(ii) secondly, that B1 had dishonestly released the goods to B2 in pursuance
of that conspiracy; and

(iii) thirdly that the other elements of aggravated CBT under s 409 of the PC
had been made out, namely that those goods had been entrusted to B1 in the way
of his business as an agent.  
  
I will deal with B1`s appeal before moving on to B2`s appeal.  
  
**_The first appellant`s appeal_**

****

  
  
**The issues**

The issues arising in B1`s appeal were:

(i) whether the prosecution had proved beyond reasonable doubt the existence
of a conspiracy to commit CBT of the goods;

(ii) whether the prosecution had proved beyond reasonable doubt that B1 had
the requisite dishonest intent when he released the goods to B2;

(iii) whether the prosecution had proved that the goods were entrusted to B1
in the way of his business as an agent  
  
** _Proof of conspiracy to commit CBT_**

****

The essence of conspiracy is the combination and agreement by persons to do
some illegal act, or to effect a legal purpose by illegal means. While it is
not necessary that all the alleged conspirators should be equally informed as
to the details of the conspiracy, it is essential that there is a `meeting of
minds` so that they are all aware of the general purpose of the plot. In this
case, the general purpose of the alleged plot was to commit CBT of PW13`s
goods. Section 405 sets out the requisite mens rea and actus reus elements for
the substantive offence of `CBT`, and it states:

> _Whoever, being in any manner entrusted with property, or with any dominion
> over property, dishonestly misappropriates or converts to his own use that
> property, or dishonestly uses or disposes of that property in violation of
> any direction of law prescribing the mode in which such trust is to be
> discharged, or of any legal contract, express or implied, which he has made
> touching the discharge of such trust, or wilfully suffers any other person
> so to do, commits `criminal breach of trust`._

  
  
So far as proof goes, conspiracy is generally a matter of inference, deduced
from certain acts of the accused parties, done in pursuance of an apparent
criminal purpose in common between them. Both the surrounding circumstances
and the conduct of the parties before and after the alleged commission of the
crime will be useful in drawing an inference of conspiracy: see **_Chai Chien
Wei Kelvin v PP_** (supra). An inference of conspiracy would be justified only
if it is inexorable and irresistible, and accounts for all the facts of the
case. In the case of **Vinit Sopon v PP** [1994] 2 SLR 226  , the Court of
Appeal allowed the third appellant`s appeal against his conviction for
abetment by conspiracy to traffic in drugs. In delivering the judgment of the
Court of Appeal, I stated at p 241:

> _Evidence can secure a conviction only if it**would inevitably** and
> **inexorably** lead to the conclusion that the third appellant had engaged
> in a conspiracy to traffick drugs ... It was our opinion that no
> irresistible inference could be drawn at the close of the trial to establish
> beyond a reasonable doubt that the third appellant knew of and participated
> in the drug sale that was being transacted. ... **In other words, the third
> appellant could be convicted on the strength of circumstantial evidence only
> if an irresistible inference could be drawn to establish the fact in
> issue,** viz the third appellant had abetted by conspiracy the trafficking
> in of drugs. [Emphasis mine.]_

  
  
In that case, the evidence which the trial judge relied on to convict the
third appellant were some comments made by him during a drug sale between the
first appellant and an undercover CNB officer. The third appellant had said in
Teochew that `the first meeting between strangers is always difficult ...
after we get acquainted with each other, our transaction would be much easier
and simpler ...`. He had also said that after they had got acquainted, they
could even offer the undercover officer `credit terms`. The Court of Appeal
was of the opinion that there were other possible and viable explanations for
those comments, including the fact that the third appellant had not been aware
that the goods being transacted were drugs. As a result, the evidence did not
support an irresistible and inexorable inference that the third appellant knew
that he was partaking in a drug transaction.  
  
I will now consider whether the evidence relied on by the trial judge in the
present case supported an irresistible and inexorable inference that B1 and B2
had engaged in a criminal conspiracy to commit CBT of the goods. The first set
of evidence related to the parties` conduct leading up to the release of the
goods. The evidence before the court was as follows: B2 had arranged with B1
to look for a Philippines freight forwarder to ship the goods that he had
purchased from PW13. On B1`s nomination, Worldwide was appointed as the agent
in the Philippines, and Worldwide prepared the ocean b/ls naming B1`s company,
WF, as the consignees. This allowed B1 to collect the six containers shipped
by PW13 from PSA by merely producing the ocean b/ls. On the arrival or shortly
before the arrival of the first two containers, B2 contacted B1 and told him
that he needed the goods urgently and to release the same to him without the
duly endorsed b/ls. B1 was aware that the house b/ls in respect of the goods
had been consigned to ICB, and he knew that he should not release the goods
without having received the original b/ls duly endorsed by ICB. When he told
B2 that he needed the duly endorsed b/ls from ICB, B2 told him that the bank
had not released the documents to him and that the documents would not be
ready in time. B2 assured B1 that he would hand over the endorsed b/ls later.
B2 also assured B1 that he would take responsibility for the release of the
goods without the b/ls. On that basis, B1 released the goods to B2. At the
time when he released the goods, B1 was aware of the public sales that B2 had
planned in respect of the goods from PW13. He knew that B2 intended to dispose
of the goods during the public sales. During cross-examination, B1 conceded
that, as the custodian of the goods, he was supposed to protect PW13`s
interest by releasing the goods only upon receipt of the endorsed b/ls.  
  
On its own, the evidence set out above did not support the irresistible and
inexorable inference that there was an agreement between B1 and B2 to commit
CBT of the goods. The evidence only revealed that B1 had agreed to release
goods to B2 without duly endorsed b/ls. The act of releasing goods without
having first received duly endorsed b/ls is not, on its own, an offence
punishable under the Penal Code. Even if we assume, at this point, that B1`s
act of releasing the goods without receiving duly endorsed b/ls did constitute
a breach of trust, so that the actus reus element for CBT was made out under s
405 of the PC, the prosecution must still go on to prove the mens rea element.
Whereas every breach of trust gives rise to a civil suit for damages, it is
only when there is evidence of the mental element of dishonesty (or wilfulness
in the appropriate instance) that such breach becomes a penal offence
punishable as criminal breach of trust. In every case of criminal breach of
trust, a breach of contract is implicit. It is therefore the mental element of
dishonesty that clearly demarcates a breach of trust that is a civil wrong or
tort, from the offence of criminal breach of trust. Put another way, every
offence of criminal breach of trust involves a civil wrong in respect of which
the complainant may seek his redress for damages in the civil court, but a
breach of trust in the absence of the requisite mens rea cannot legally
justify a criminal prosecution. The determining factor in judging whether a
case is one of criminal breach of trust or of criminal breach of contract is
whether the accused had acted dishonestly. Therefore, B1`s act of releasing
the goods would only become punishable as a criminal act if it was coupled
with the requisite mens rea.  
  
**_Proof of dishonest intent_**

****

Thus, the pivotal consideration in this case was whether B1 had acted
`dishonestly` when he released the goods to B2. If dishonest intent could be
established, it would also be the basis for the court to draw an inexorable
and irresistible inference that B1 had been engaged with B2 to commit CBT of
the goods.  
  
The issue of dishonest intent has to be considered with reference to ss 23 and
24 of the Penal Code. Section 24 of the PC states that `whoever does anything
with the intention of causing wrongful gain to one person, or wrongful loss to
another person, is said to do that thing dishonestly`. According to s 23,
`wrongful gain` is gain, by unlawful means, of property to which the person
gaining it is not legally entitled, and `wrongful loss` is loss, by unlawful
means, of property to which the person losing it is legally entitled. An
accused person`s dishonest intention cannot be directly proved, and has to be
inferred from the conduct of the accused and also from the surrounding
circumstances: see **Amritlal v Bajranglal** [1963] 2 Cri LJ 474 at p 475. In
most cases of CBT, where the accused is found to have been dishonest, he would
have failed to provide any adequate explanation of his conduct. However there
have been other cases involving a bona fide claim, or where there was some
other explanation which led the court to conclude that he was not dishonest.
In particular, it must be stressed that negligence is insufficient to make out
an offence of CBT.  
  
In the context of CBT, a series of cases have shown that negligence or a
failure to account for entrusted property does not, without more, constitute
dishonesty. In **PP v Mohamed bin Abdul Jabar** [1949] MLJ 70 , the accused
was entrusted with funds as a government servant. He failed to account for
certain expenditure and offered no clear explanation of what happened to the
money. However, he was acquitted. The court found that he had little or no
accounting experience, and that he had placed great reliance on his clerk. He
was not liable for CBT even though he had been `grossly careless`. Another
more extreme example is provided by **Navaratnam v PP** [1973] 1 MLJ 154 . In
that case, the officer in charge of a prison was found to have taken money
belonging to a prisoner whose belongings had been entrusted to him. He claimed
that he intended to use the money to retain a lawyer for the prisoner. Since
there was nothing in the prosecution`s case to dispute the truth of the
appellant`s statement, the appeal was allowed. Ali FJ concluded:

> _the point as it seemed to us is, if there was any truth in the appellant`s
> statement of his intention to pay the lawyer, then his taking of the money
> did not become dishonest even if he did so without the prisoner`s
> permission._

  
  
Similarly, in **Rangi Lall v King-Emperor** [1930] 6 ILR 68, the court
commented on the importance of proving `dishonesty` beyond reasonable doubt to
make out an offence of CBT under the relevant section of the Indian Penal Code
(which is in pari materia with Singapore`s legislation). It was pointed out
that:

> _T**he sections dealing with the offence of criminal breach of trust were
> intended to punish an offence of which dishonesty is the essence**. Any
> breach of trust is not an offence. It may be intentional without being
> dishonest or it may appear dishonest without being really so. In such cases,
> the Magistrate should be slow to move. This caution is all the more
> necessary since there is a natural desire to secure speedy justice by having
> recourse to criminal law._

> _Although transactions which involve civil liabilities may amount to
> criminal offences, and often do, so that the dividing line between the two
> in a discussion of the case is almost indistinguishable, the use of the
> criminal law, not for the purpose of punishing an offender or in the public
> interest, but as a means of exerting pressure to extract money from an
> agent, is to be discouraged._

> _**The onus of proving everything essential to the establishment of the
> charge against the accused lies upon the prosecution who must prove the
> charge substantially as laid. The guilt of the accused must be proved beyond
> reasonable doubt. The gravest suspicion against the accused will not suffice
> to convict him of a crime, unless evidence established it beyond
> doubt.**[Emphasis mine.]_

  
  
In the present case, the trial judge found that the evidence adduced by the
prosecution supported an inference that B1 had dishonestly released the goods
to B2 for the purposes of committing CBT on those goods. However, having
perused the evidence, I was unable to agree with him.  
  
On three separate occasions, B1 released PW13`s goods to B2. This deprived
PW13 of his financial security of payment against documents. B1 did this in
circumstances where he knew that B2 needed the goods urgently for impending
public sales, knowing that B2 had not paid for the goods, and knowing that B2
was going to sell those goods. Essentially, B1`s explanation for his conduct
of releasing the goods was that it had never crossed his mind that B2, being a
`man of means`, would not pay for the goods. It is clear from the evidence
that B1 had been influenced by the urgency of B2`s request for the release of
the goods. B1 was told that the public sales had been organised and widely
publicised. There was still a lot to be done before the Walt Disney goods
could be sold at the public sales - among other things, they had to be
unpacked, arranged and price-tagged. B1 was aware of this urgency. He knew
that B2 had not obtained the duly endorsed b/ls from ICB and had not paid ICB
for the goods. He believed B2, who told him that the documents would not be
ready in time for public sales. B2 requested B1 to ensure a quick clearance so
that the goods could be sold at the public sales. B1 felt that this was a
reasonable request - if B2 failed to get the goods in time for the public
sales, he would have lost out on potential sales, or worse, be forced to incur
additional costs, effort and publicity by organising more sales.  
  
I found B1`s explanation of his decision to release the goods to B2 to be
credible. However, the prosecution sought to discredit this explanation by
relying on the fact that B1 had not made any checks to ascertain B2`s
financial standing, and therefore had no basis to believe that B2 was `a man
of means` who was financially sound and could pay for the shipment, which was
worth US$1.5m. The prosecution submitted that, as a result, B1 must have known
that B2 did not forward endorsed b/ls because he had no means to pay. The
trial judge agreed with the prosecution. However, I disagreed, for it was not
a startling concept to me that a man might be `a man of means`, and yet delay
in paying for goods. Moreover, B1 had believed B2 when the latter said that
the b/ls would not be ready in time. The point that B1 was trying to make was
that, in his mind, B2 was a man of means and it never crossed his mind that B2
would ultimately not pay for the goods. After all, B2 had always been such a
good customer, and had paid all his past invoices promptly. If B1 had truly
held those beliefs at the time he released the goods, then it could not be
said that he was dishonest. He had not released the goods with the intention
of causing wrongful gain to himself or to B2. Neither had he intended to cause
wrongful loss to PW13. He might have been negligent, or even grossly careless
to expose his company, and PW13, to such risks, but he was not dishonest.  
  
The prosecution conceded that B1 did not stand to gain financially from B2`s
activities. There was no allegation that B1 and B2 agreed to share in any
profits made from selling off the goods. The prosecution`s only allegation was
that B1 wanted to foster his business relationship with B2, and that he had
released the goods to B2 because he wanted to gain B2`s `goodwill`. B1 did
testify that he considered B2 to be an important and valuable customer of his
company. However, he denied that this had led him to dishonestly release the
goods. Instead, he stated that he had felt a duty and an obligation to clear
the goods quickly for B2, as it was part of the `good service` which he
provided to his customers in times of urgency, especially an important
customer like B2. He also testified that he had always considered B2 and not
PW13 to be his customer, as the former had retained the services of his
freight forwarding company. Again, if there was any truth in B1`s testimony as
to his state of mind, then he did not release the goods with the dishonest
intention to commit CBT on those goods.  
  
It is worth noting that, by releasing the goods without first receiving the
duly endorsed b/ls, B1 had put himself at a very great risk of being sued in
the civil court by the holder of the b/ls for the full value of the goods.
This was not a situation where the accused was (and knew that he was) immune
from civil repercussions and could only be punished by criminal sanctions. B1
admitted that he had no money to pay for the goods if he was sued by the
holder of the b/ls, and that he would be bankrupted if a civil suit was
brought against him. In my judgment, this factor supported the conclusion that
it had never even crossed his mind that B2 would not pay for the goods. It was
inconceivable that he would put himself at such great risk just so as to gain
B2`s business. In the same vein, it did not cross his mind that he was putting
the shipper at risk, simply because he had not expected B2 not to pay.  
  
The prosecution also put a great deal of emphasis on the fact that B1 had
knowingly breached standard commercial practice of freight forwarders. It was
contended that, by doing so, B1 had not only put himself, but also the shipper
of the goods, at great risk. This contention clearly influenced the trial
judge`s decision to find that B1 was dishonest. I was however not convinced by
this argument - just because B1 took risks with the goods, and such risks were
not in the best interests of the shipper, did not show that he was dishonest.
The case **Cheam Tat Pang & Anor v PP** [1996] 1 SLR 541  is relevant. The
facts, briefly, were as follows: the appellants were former directors of IPH.
They were convicted in the district court of having conspired with each other
to commit criminal breach of trust, contrary to s 409 and s 109 of the Penal
Code. They were found to have dishonestly used IPH`s funds for the purchase of
shares in a Hong Kong listed company, LMP. The appellants had devised a scheme
for IPL to disburse about $8.45m to another company APL, and then for APL to
facilitate the purchase of the LMP shares on IPH`s behalf. They then arranged
for two other private companies, Lambang Maju and Wartakaya, to purchase the
shares from APL at a higher price so that APL made a profit from the sale. The
district judge found that the appellants had undisclosed beneficial interests
in APL and had acted in conflict of interests. She also found that they had
failed to act in IPH`s best interests, having taken dishonest risks with IPH`s
funds to make a wrongful gain for themselves in the form of APL`s profit from
the sale of the LMP shares. On appeal, the appellants argued, inter alia, that
there were genuine commercial reasons for them to minimise disclosure of the
LMP acquisition. The appeals against conviction and sentence were allowed. In
relation to the question of dishonesty, the appellate court pointed out that:

> _... the pivotal consideration was whether the appellants had acted
> `dishonestly`. This had to be considered with reference to s 24 of the Penal
> Code. It was not enough for the respondent to suggest that the appellants
> were dishonest in having taken risks with the entrusted funds, such risks
> not being in the best interests of IPH._

  
  
Despite the fact that the appellants in **_Cheam Tat Pang_** had clearly taken
risks with the entrusted funds, it was held on appeal that there was no cogent
evidence that they had acted in the pursuit of a common object or design
involving the commission of criminal breach of trust. The appellate court also
found little support for the district judge`s finding that the appellants had
some undisclosed interest in APL and that they had intended to use IPH`s funds
to gain profit in their capacity as APL`s shareholders. There were no
`unlawful means` employed in the process of acquiring the LMP shares. Thus, it
was held that the nature and degree of dishonesty required under s 405 of the
PC had not been proven beyond reasonable doubt.  
  
Like in the case of **_Cheam Tat Pang_** , I found that there were genuine
commercial reasons in the present case for B1`s decision to breach standard
practice and release the goods to B2. The urgency of the situation, the fact
that B2 was a trusted customer, the knowledge that B2 had incurred substantial
costs arranging and publicising the impending sales were all genuine
commercial reasons. In the light of these reasons, I found that, although B1
had clearly taken risks with the entrusted goods, the nature and degree of
dishonesty required under s 409 of the PC had not been proven beyond
reasonable doubt.  
  
The next piece of evidence related to B1`s acts between 13 to 15 December
1997, when he took back cartons of goods from B2`s premises at Seaview Hotel
and stored them at warehouses at Jalan Terusan and Kallang Place. The deputy
public prosecutor submitted that, having delivered the goods, there was no
reason for B1 to become involved in retaking custody of the goods. He argued
before me that B1`s act of taking custody of the remaining goods was an
indication of his guilt and his involvement in the conspiracy to commit CBT of
the goods. I was unable to agree with him. B1 had already explained in cross-
examination that he had retrieved the goods from B2 because he was becoming
increasingly worried about the situation. He had repeatedly requested B2 to
forward to him the duly endorsed b/ls, but to no avail. By December 1997, B2
had also indicated to B1 that he no longer wanted the goods as they were not
up to specifications. B1 was afraid that the shipper would take legal action
against him for releasing the goods, and he felt that by taking back the
remaining goods, it would reduce his own risk in the event that the shipper
sued him. I found this explanation to be acceptable and credible.  
  
The respondent also pointed out to me at the appeal that, although B1 claimed
that he had retaken custody of 5,505 cartons of goods in December 1997, only
5,348 cartons were found in his warehouse in May 1998 when the joint survey
was carried out by B1 and PW13. He submitted that the fact that B2 had
testified that he continued to sell Walt Disney goods at least until April
1998, coupled with the fact that 157 cartons of PW13`s goods went missing
between December 1997 and May 1998 while in B1`s custody formed evidence of
B1`s dishonesty and his involvement in a conspiracy with B2 to commit CBT of
the goods. However, I found that B1 had merely said during cross-examination
that his contractors had done a rough count when he retook the goods from B2
in December 1997, and that **_approximately_** 4,800 to 5,505 cartons of goods
were stored in the warehouses. There was no conclusive evidence that 157
cartons of goods had really gone missing whilst in B1`s custody.  
  
**_The lies told by the first appellant_**

****

The onus was on the prosecution to prove beyond reasonable doubt that B1 was
engaged in a conspiracy with B2 to commit CBT of the goods, and that B1 had
dishonestly released the goods to B2 in pursuance of that conspiracy. On the
evidence thus far, I felt that they had not discharged their onus. Indeed,
taking the evidence as a whole, I found the most cogent piece of evidence
against B1 was the fact that he had lied to PW13 about the whereabouts of the
goods. The undisputed evidence was that, between December 1997 and February
1998, he lied to PW13 repeatedly, assuring the latter that the goods were
intact in his possession although he had already released the goods to B2.
This is what I will consider next.  
  
The relevant authority on the effect of lies told by an accused is the English
case of **R v Lucas (Ruth)** [1981] QB 720[1981] 2 All ER 1008. There, the
English Court of Appeal held that the mere fact that an accused told lies
should not be taken as evidence of his guilt, although these lies could, in
appropriate circumstances, amount to corroboration because it indicated a
consciousness of guilt. Lord Lane CJ held at p 724 that there were four
criteria to be satisfied before an accused`s lie could amount to
corroboration:

> _The lie ... must first of all be deliberate. Secondly, it must relate to
> a**material issue**. Thirdly, **the motive for the lie must be a realisation
> of guilt and a fear of the truth**. ... Fourthly, the statement must be
> clearly shown to be a lie by [independent] evidence ... [Emphasis mine.]_

  
  
I found, without much difficulty, that the first and fourth criteria of the
`Lucas` test were satisfied in the present case, for B1 conceded at the trial
that he had deliberately lied to PW13 as to the whereabouts of the goods. I
also found the second criterion of the test to be satisfied, and that B1`s
lies related to a material issue. B1 lied to PW13 that he had not released the
goods to B2. These lies were told pursuant to enquiries made by PW13, at a
time when the goods had already been released. The lies clearly related to a
material issue in the appeal, since they went towards determining whether he
was covering up the conspiracy to commit CBT.  
  
Thus, in my judgment, the effect of B1`s lies depended on whether the third
criterion in the `Lucas` test was satisfied. The task for the court was to
determine the motive behind the lies. During cross-examination, B1 explained
that he had lied to PW13 because he was hoping that B2 would work out his
differences with PW13, so that he would avoid being dragged into the conflict.
I found B1`s subsequent conduct to be consistent with his explanations. In
March 1998, B1 had called PW13 and apologised for lying to PW13. In the course
of that conversation, he had given the same explanation to PW13 that he later
repeated at the trial. This was before any complaint was made by PW13 to CCD.
Hence, although I found that B1 was `dishonest` in general (because he had
told lies), his lies were not sufficient to indicate any consciousness of
guilt for releasing the goods dishonestly. He did not lie due to a realisation
of `guilt`, but because of an `innocent motive`, namely, to buy time for
himself, in hope that PW13 and B2 would work out their differences: see **R v
Goodway** [1993] 4 All ER 894.  
  
In my judgment, having considered the conduct of the parties and the
surrounding circumstances, and taking the evidence as a whole, there was
insufficient evidence to support the inference that B1 was dishonest when he
released the goods to B2. The prosecution failed to show that B1`s
explanations for his conduct were not acceptable. The evidence, at best,
showed that B1 was negligent. Bearing in mind that the prosecution must prove
its case beyond reasonable doubt, the evidence adduced by the prosecution also
did not justify an irresistible inference that B1 had abetted B2 to commit CBT
by conspiracy. There was insufficient evidence to support an inference that
there was a `meeting of minds`, or agreement as to any general purpose to
dishonestly misappropriate and dispose of the goods. The evidence showed only
that B1 had agreed to release the goods to B2 in the absence of duly endorsed
b/ls. By releasing the goods without having first received duly endorsed b/ls,
B1 may very well be found to have been negligent, and be made liable in a
civil suit for the full value of the goods. However, the act of releasing the
goods without first receiving duly endorsed b/ls was not, in itself, an
offence under the Penal Code. Hence, an `agreement` between B1 and B2 to
effect such a release bore no significance in criminal law, unless it could be
shown that this was done with dishonest intent. These findings were sufficient
for me to allow B1`s appeal against his conviction, and there is no need to go
on and consider the issues of `entrustment` and agency`.  
  
**_The second appellant`s appeal against conviction_**

****

  
  
**Amendment of the charge against the second appellant**

In order to establish the offence of abetment by conspiracy, it must be shown
that there was agreement to commit the offence in question. An agreement
necessarily involves at least two parties. This means that where only two
persons are charged for abetment by conspiracy, and if one is acquitted on the
basis that there was lack of evidence of any `agreement` or `conspiracy`, then
the remaining person cannot be convicted of abetment by conspiracy. Having
found, in relation to B1, that there was insufficient evidence to prove the
existence of any conspiracy between B1 and B2, it followed that B2 should not
have been convicted on the charge of `abetment by conspiracy` to commit CBT,
for the element of `conspiracy` would also not have been made out in relation
to B2. The nature of the offence dictated that the original charge against B2
was revealed to be improper once B1`s appeal was allowed.  
  
However, the fact that I acquitted B1 did not mean that I had no choice but to
also acquit B2. Although the general principle is that an accused should be
acquitted if the charge against him has not been made out, this principle must
be balanced with the interests of the public, which require that those persons
who are evidently guilty of serious crimes be brought to justice. Thus, a
combination of case law and statute provides the High Court, sitting in its
appellate capacity, with the power to amend a charge: see **Garmaz s/o Pakhar
& Anor v PP** [1995] 3 SLR 701 , and **Carl Elias Moses v PP** [1995] 3 SLR
748 . In appropriate cases, the High Court in its appellate capacity could
also alter the finding of a subordinate court by convicting on an amended
charge: s256(b)(ii) Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) (`CPC`). The power to
amend the charge will be exercised where the record of facts and the record of
evidence support the amended charge, and where such amendment does not affect
the substance of the evidence given in the lower court. Such power must be
exercised judiciously and the court will ensure that the accused is not
prejudiced in any way.  
  
In my judgment, this was a proper case for amending the original charge
against B2 of `abetment by conspiracy to commit CBT` to one of `cheating`
under s 420 of the PC. Section 420 states:

> _Whoever cheats, and thereby dishonestly induces the person deceived to
> deliver any property to any person, or to make, alter or destroy the whole
> or any part of a valuable security, or anything which is signed or sealed,
> and which is capable of being converted into a valuable security, shall be
> punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 7 years, and shall
> also be liable to fine._

  
  
Amendment of the charge to one of cheating did not affect the substance of the
evidence given in the lower court. The facts of the case, and the record of
evidence revealed a classic case of cheating, which is defined in s 415 of the
PC as follows:

> _Whoever, by deceiving any person, fraudulently or dishonestly induces the
> person so deceived to deliver any property to any person, or to consent that
> any person shall retain any property, or intentionally induces the person so
> deceived to do or omit to do anything which he would not do or omit if he
> were not so deceived, and which act or omission causes or is likely to cause
> damage or harm to that person in body, mind, reputation or property, is said
> to `cheat`._

  
  
The substance of the amended charge against B2 was that he, by deceiving PW13,
had dishonestly induced PW13 to deliver goods to him, and had thereafter
misappropriated US$301,673 worth of those goods. Without paying for the goods,
B2 induced PW13 to deliver those goods to him. Prosecution witnesses who had
attended the public sales at B2`s premises at Seaview Hotel testified that
over half of the space had been dedicated to sale of Walt Disney apparel. Yet,
B2 claimed that he did not sell any of PW13`s goods at the public sales. He
would have the court believe that he rejected PW13`s goods because those goods
did not meet specifications, yet, he could not point to any specific term of
his contract with PW13 that was breached in respect of the goods. Before the
trial judge, he merely gave a bare assertion that the goods were not sorted
out by size, and that there were very few colours and too much quantity of
particular styles. He claimed that the Walt Disney goods that he sold at the
public sales were actually counterfeit goods which he had obtained from one
`Manaf` out of desperation. He also argued that none of PW13`s goods actually
went missing, and that the alleged shortfall in quantity was in fact due to
PW13`s short shipment.  
  
**_Issues in B2`s appeal_**

****

At the appeal, B2`s counsel raised the following issues:

(i) the trial judge had erred in making various findings of fact;

(ii) the trial judge had erred when he preferred PW13`s evidence over B2`s
evidence, and he had erred in impeaching B2`s credit without giving adequate
consideration to B2`s explanations for the inconsistencies in his evidence at
the trial and his previous statement to the police;

(iii) the trial judge had erred when he ruled that the terms of the inspection
certificates did not give B2 the right to take delivery of the goods in the
absence of the duly endorsed b/ls.  
  
**_The trial judge`s findings of fact_**

****

Counsel for B2 sought to appeal various findings of fact made by the trial
judge. First, it was argued that the trial judge was wrong to believe PW13 and
to make the finding that B2 had spent 5 and 6 November 1997 in Manila
conducting a full inspection of the goods. B2 had testified at the trial that
he had only spent two and a half hours on 5 November 1997 looking at samples,
and that he had not inspected either the quantity or quality of the goods
before they were shipped to him. However, the trial judge disbelieved him as
the evidence he gave at the trial was inconsistent with his previous statement
to CID. In that previous statement, he had told CID officers that he was in
Manila between 5 and 6 November 1997 for the purpose of inspecting the goods,
and that he had found the goods to be in order. Moreover, B2 himself conceded
that he had signed inspection certificates dated 6 November 1997. These
certificates certified that B2 had made a `random check and inspection` of the
goods, and had found the goods to be fully compliant in terms of quality,
size, general appearance, colour, measurements, workmanship and instructions
on the labels and tags.  
  
The second finding of fact which B2`s counsel appealed against was the finding
made by the trial judge that B2 and his company, US Apparel, were not in a
financially secure position at the relevant times and could not pay for the
goods that had been purchased from PW13. At the trial, B2 called DW10 to
testify that a company called Vastraco Pte Ltd had paid him the sum of
$445,000 for goods purchased from a Hong Kong company affiliated with US
Apparel. However, it transpired at the trial that DW10 was not even an officer
or employee of Vastraco Pte Ltd. He could not even produce a letter of
authority verifying his claim that he managed the affairs of Vastraco Pte Ltd.
Moreover, the sum of $445,000 was for goods purchased from a Hong Kong
affiliated company and not US Apparel, and B2 did not testify as to how he
could utilise these funds to pay off the debts of US Apparel. Added to this,
the trial judge found it curious that neither DW10 nor B2 could explain why
the sum of $445,000 had been paid in the form of two cheques instead of one
cheque. Thus, the trial judge preferred the evidence of PW14, the Vice-
President of ICB, who testified that, at the material time, US Apparel had
generally exceeded its credit lines and did not have sufficient funds to even
pay the two collection bills sent by Citibank, Manila, much less to pay
US$1.5m for all the goods purchased from PW13.  
  
Thirdly, B2`s counsel argued that the trial judge had erred in holding that
PW13 had not made a short shipment of goods to Singapore. The trial judge had
rejected B2`s allegations as `incredible`, since he had not mentioned the fact
of PW13`s short shipment in any of his statements to the police. The defence
of short shipment had only been entered at the last minute. Moreover, B1
testified that B2 had not complained to him of short shipment.  
  
Fourthly, B2`s counsel argued that the trial judge had erred in holding that
the goods that were sold at the public sales originated from PW13 and were not
counterfeit goods. The trial judge disbelieved B2`s claim that he had sold
counterfeit goods which he had obtained from one `Manaf`. He pointed out that
B2 had in his possession six container loads of genuine Walt Disney apparel.
It simply defied logic for B2 to claim that he did not sell any of PW13`s
genuine goods, out of fear that he would not be able to reject them in a civil
suit, and yet say at the same time that he was so desperate that he had to
obtain counterfeit Walt Disney apparel for the sales, thereby taking the risk
of being indicted for the criminal offence of selling unlicensed goods. The
learned judge rejected the evidence of DW7, whom B2 had called as an `expert
witness` to testify that the Walt Disney goods sold at the public sales were
counterfeit. He found DW7 to be an unreliable, biased and untruthful witness.
He also took into account the fact that B2 had not made any attempt to trace
`Manaf` and to call him as a witness.  
  
The fifth finding of fact that was appealed against was the trial judge`s
finding that B2 had not rejected the goods purchased from PW13. The trial
judge found no evidence to substantiate B2`s allegations that the goods had
failed to comply with specifications in the contract. He noted that up to
April 1998, B2 had never intimated to PW13 that he was rejecting the shipment
for non-compliance with his specifications. Moreover, B2 could not, in court,
point to any specific term of his contract with PW13 that was breached in
respect of the goods. He made a bare assertion that the goods were not sorted
out by size, were of very few colours and that too much quantity of particular
styles had been shipped. Yet, when asked to verify his assertion, B2 had to
concede that there were no written documents showing that he had stipulated
the requisite sizes, colours and styles of the goods which he had ordered from
PW13. It was therefore not surprising that the trial judge accepted PW13`s
evidence that B2 had contracted to purchase half a million pieces of PW13`s
inventory of assorted apparel at US$3 per piece, and not on the basis of size,
colour or style.  
  
As can be seen, each of the findings of fact that was appealed against was
dealt with in great detail by the trial judge in his written judgment. At the
appeal, B2`s counsel presented lengthy arguments as to why each of the above
findings was wrong. I will not delve into those arguments in detail. It
suffices to say that, after carefully scrutinising the reasons given by the
trial judge for those findings of fact, I found that they were all findings of
primary fact, based on the evidence given by the witnesses in the trial. In
relation to each finding of fact which B2 appealed against, the trial judge
chose to believe the evidence given by the prosecution`s witnesses, over the
evidence given by the witnesses called by B2. It is well-established that an
appellate court should not set aside a finding of fact unless the appellant
satisfies the court that the trial judge was plainly wrong and that his
decision ought to have been the other way. In particular, appellate courts are
exceedingly slow to overturn findings of primary fact based on evidence given
by witnesses, which the trial judge had the advantage of hearing first hand.
Therefore, B2`s appeal in respect the trial judge`s findings of fact failed,
for he did not show that the trial judge was plainly wrong, or that these
findings were made against the weight of evidence.  
  
**_The trial judge`s decision to impeach the second appellant`s credit_**

****

Counsel for B2 also argued before me that the trial judge erred when he
impeached B2`s credit at the trial, and preferred PW13`s evidence over that
given by B2. However, an appellate court, not having seen or heard the
witnesses, is in a less advantageous position than the trial judge to judge
the veracity of witnesses. Even when the appellate court is disposed to come
to a different conclusion, it should not do so unless it is satisfied that any
advantage enjoyed by the trial judge by reason of having seen and heard the
witnesses could not be sufficient to explain or justify the trial judge`s
conclusion. In **Chow Yee Wah & Anor v Choo Ah Pat** [1978] 2 MLJ 41 , the
Privy Council approved of the following statement of principle as to appellate
intervention expressed by Lord Shaw in **_Clarke v Edinburgh & District
Tramways Co _** 1919 SC (HL) 35 at p 36:

> _When a judge hears and sees witnesses and makes a conclusion or inference
> with regard to what on balance is the weight of their evidence, that
> judgment is entitled to great respect and that quite irrespective of whether
> the judge makes any observations with regard to credibility or not. I can of
> course quite understand a Court of Appeal that says that it will not
> interfere in the case in which the judge has announced as part of his
> judgment that he believes one set of witnesses, having seen them and heard
> them, and does not believe another. But that is not the ordinary case of a
> cause in a court of justice. In courts of justice in the ordinary case
> things are much more evenly divided; witnesses without any conscious bias
> towards a conclusion may have in their demeanour, in their manner, in their
> hesitation, in the nuance of their expressions, in even the turns of the
> eyelid, left an impression upon the man who saw and heard them which can
> never be reproduced in the printed page. What, in such circumstances, thus
> psychologically put, is the duty of an appellate court ? In my opinion, the
> duty of an appellate court in those circumstances is for each judge of it to
> put to himself ... the question, Am I - who sit here without those
> advantages, sometimes broad and sometimes subtle, which are the privileges
> of the judge who heard and tried the case - in a position, not having those
> privileges, to come to a clear conclusion that the judge who had them was
> plainly wrong ? If I cannot be satisfied in my own mind that the judge with
> those privileges was plainly wrong, then it appears to me to be my duty to
> defer to his judgment._

  
  
There was no indication that the trial judge in the present case had failed to
take proper advantage of his having seen and heard the witnesses. Thus, there
was no basis for me to intervene with his decision to impeach B2`s evidence,
or to prefer PW13`s evidence over B2`s. In any event, so much of B2`s evidence
was unsubstantiated and inconsistent that it was not at all surprising that
the trial judge chose to believe PW13`s evidence.  
  
**_The inspection certificates_**

****

The last submission which B2`s counsel made before me was that the inspection
certificates gave B2 the right to take delivery of the goods prior to payment
without duly endorsed b/ls, and that the trial judge had therefore erred when
he held otherwise. His argument ran as follows: the inspection certificates
provided that the shipper was responsible for the correctness of the goods
right up to destination. B2`s evidence was that he had not inspected the goods
in Manila before their shipment and hence he wanted to check the goods before
making payment. The assurance or indemnity given to WF in the inspection
certificates, be it oral or otherwise, gave him the entitlement to clear the
cargo in advance, prior to the arrival of the documents.  
  
Even if one disregarded the finding of fact made by the trial judge that B2
had conducted a full inspection of the goods in Manila on 5 and 6 November
1997, the above argument would still have failed. There is no rule in
commercial law that gives the buyer the specific right to take possession and
delivery of goods via inspection certificates and for the purpose of
inspection. The buyer`s right to possession of goods is governed by s 28 of
the Sale of Goods Act (Cap 393) (`SGA`), which makes delivery conditional upon
payment of the price, unless the parties have expressly agreed otherwise. The
right to possession is therefore independent of the passing of property and
ownership in the goods, and the general rule is that a buyer obtains the right
to possession of the goods only upon paying the price. Of course, the parties
may specifically contract otherwise, for example, if the seller sees fit to
grant him credit. There was no evidence of any contract term in the present
case granting B2 the right to take possession and delivery of the goods via
the inspection certificates. The only statutory provision providing for the
buyer`s right to inspect goods is s 35(2) of the SGA. This section provides
that a buyer who has not previously examined the goods, upon obtaining
possession of those goods, is accorded a reasonable opportunity to examine
them. Even though the buyer has obtained possession of the goods, he is not
deemed to have accepted them, and he may reject non-conforming goods within a
reasonable time. However, s 35(2) does not circumvent s 28 of the SGA to
provide the buyer with the right to possession in order to inspect the goods.  
  
**_Substitution of conviction_**

****

Taking the evidence as a whole, and having considered and rejected all of the
arguments forwarded by B2`s counsel, I found that B2 had no defences against
the amended charge of cheating. Following the Court of Appeal`s decision in
**_Garmaz s/o Pakhar v PP_** (supra), it was open to this court to substitute
under s 256(b)(ii) of the CPC a conviction under the original charge to one
under the amended charge. In **Sivalingam v PP** [1982] 2 MLJ 172  , it was
held that the High Court`s power to substitute a conviction in its appellate
capacity must be exercised with great caution bearing in mind the restrictions
in ss 172 and 173. The appellate court must be satisfied that there is clear
evidence that a case for the substituted offence has been made out against the
accused in the court below, and that no prejudice or injustice has been caused
to the accused.  
  
The circumstances of this case made it suitable to substitute B2`s conviction
under the original charge, to a conviction under the amended charge of
`cheating`. For B2 to be guilty of `cheating`, it had to be proved beyond
reasonable doubt that he had induced PW13 to deliver the goods to him, and
that he had done so with dishonest intent. The facts of this case were such
that both the act of inducement and B2`s dishonest intent had been made out on
the evidence. Not only did the record of facts and the record of evidence
support the amended charge, all the evidence necessary to satisfy the elements
to constitute the amended charge of cheating was also available. In
particular, I found that B2`s evidence and defence would have been
substantially unchanged had the charge of `cheating` been brought against him
from the start. Therefore, I amended the charge against B2 to one of
`cheating` under s 420 of the Penal Code, and I exercised my powers under s
256(b)(ii) of the CPC and substituted the conviction.  
  
**_The second appellant`s appeal against sentence_**

****

In relation to B2`s appeal against sentence, I noted that the maximum term of
imprisonment for the amended charge was seven years. This was lower than the
maximum term of imprisonment for the original charge under s 409 of the PC,
which was ten years. The original term of imprisonment passed by the trial
judge of five years and six months was very close to the maximum term of
imprisonment provided under s 420 of the PC. In the circumstances, to reflect
the fact that the charge against B2 had been amended to one with a lower
maximum term of imprisonment, I found it appropriate on the particular facts
of this case to reduce his term of imprisonment to four years.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

In conclusion, the charge against B1 was not made out, and his appeal against
conviction was accordingly allowed, and his sentence set aside. As for B2, the
charge against him was amended to one of `cheating` under s 420 of the PC. His
conviction was substituted under the amended charge, and his sentence reduced
to four years` imprisonment.  
  
**Outcome:**

First appellant`s appeal against conviction allowed;second appellant`s appeal
against conviction dismissed; appeal against sentence allowed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Apr 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

