Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Bayerische Landesbank Girozentrale v Teh Li Li  
[2000] SGHC 203

Case Number | : | Suit 957/1998  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 October 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Suresh Nair and Vikhna Raj (Allen & Gledhill) for the plaintiffs; Lai Swee Fung and Nicholas J Narayanan (Toh Tan & Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Bayerische Landesbank Girozentrale — Teh Li Li   
  
Contract – Illegality and public policy – Banking facility – Whether contract
illegal under Malaysian law  
  
Agency – Evidence of agency – Defendant denying liability on ground that she
acts as agent for named principal – Whether defendant liable under contract  
  
Tort – Negligence – Bank disposing of or holding over shares at its discretion
– Whether negligent in not selling all shares  
  

: The plaintiff bank granted banking facility by way of a facility letter
dated 1 November 1996 to the defendant. The letter was signed by the parties
and it stated that an attached set of Standard terms and Conditions applied to
the contract. There was a clause in the standard terms stipulating that the
choice of law in the event of dispute shall be Singapore law. The defendant
claimed that the standard terms were not attached as stipulated.  
  
The facility granted was up to RM$16,000,000. The defendant also deposited
100,000 shares in Mercury Industries Bhd as security for the facility. Loans
were extended from time to time under the said facility on instructions by the
defendant to purchase shares. The shares would be deposited as further
security and paid for from the facility.  
  
By 25 August 1997 the value of the defendant`s security fell to RM$9,555,520
while her outstanding loan was RM$15,416,000. The plaintiff demanded payment
by letter dated 2 September 1997 to the defendant at her home address. The
defendant was informed that if payment was not made by 10 September 1997 the
plaintiff would proceed to sell some of the security. No payment was made.
Another letter was sent on 26 September 1997 but the defendant did not pay.
The plaintiff sold various parcels of the security on various dates, leaving
presently about 1,300,00 share unsold and an outstanding debt of about
RM$13,169,951.19. The facility was cancelled on 20 February 1998.  
  
The defendant disputed liability. She raised three defences. First, a defence
in law in that the contract was illegal under Malaysian law. Her counsel Mr
Lai submitted that the choice of law clause does not apply because the
standard terms were not given to the defendant and in any event, the
transactions took place in Malaysia. Since no evidence was adduced as to the
law in Malaysia which rendered such contracts illegal, this defence failed at
the start. Mr Lai for the defendant urged me to consider the Malaysian statute
which created the offence he complained of and make the appropriate finding. I
am loathe to do so; the plaintiff was not charged, let alone convicted, of any
offence relating to the said statute. A finding of fact of the nature that Mr
Lai wishes me to make requires a thorough investigation into facts which were
not pleaded. In my view, this is not the appropriate place to find whether the
plaintiff had committed an offence under Malaysian law.  
  
The second defence was that the defendant contracted as a nominee for one Dato
Peh Teck Quee. The case submitted by Mr Lai bore little resemblance to that
pleaded. In the defence, the defendant averred that it was Richard Yong, the
plaintiff`s then head of private banking, who `represented to the defendant
that she would only be her boss`s (Dato Peh) nominee in accordance with the
plaintiff`s internal policies and the inclusion of her name was just a
formality`.  
  
The case as pleaded was not one in which the defendant did not know what she
signed, or that she signed it as agent for a named principal. The way it was
pleaded suggested that the plaintiff knew and accepted that she was not the
principal; and further led her to believe that she would not be liable under
the contract. A pleading in this vein normally concludes with an averment of
estoppel. But not so in this case. The pleading ended abruptly in that one
paragraph. In the midst of the defence case at trial Mr Lai sought leave to
re-amend that paragraph. Mr Nair for the plaintiff did not object. The defence
was then re-amended to state that the facility agreement was made by the
defendant as agent for Dato Peh. The defence of estoppel was not raised. It
was an outright denial of liability on the ground that the defendant was an
agent for a named principal.  
  
Even so, this defence is not supported by the evidence. The facility letter
was signed by the defendant with no reference to any principal. The
accompanying memorandum of deposit was executed by the defendant in her own
capacity. She warranted in writing that she was the beneficial owner of the
shares in Mercury Industries Bhd which were deposited as security. Letters
were written and signed by her giving instructions to the plaintiff to appoint
the chairman for meetings of Mercury Industries Bhd on the defendant`s behalf
`as beneficial owner` of the shares.  
  
The defendant and Dato Peh testified in court to the effect that the defendant
was only Dato Peh`s secretary and she was holding all the shares on Dato Peh`s
behalf. Dato Peh is a qualified architect with diverse business interests. The
defendant stated her occupation to be that of a company director (of about
four companies) and also a personal assistant. She also declared her net worth
to be RM$50,000,000 and an annual income of RM$120,000. Their testimonies in
court were contradicted by the express warranties in the documents executed by
the defendant.  
  
It may be that the defendant was indeed an agent acting for Dato Peh who was
prepared to lend her name to be used in opening an account with the plaintiff.
The fact that she worked for him as his assistant may give rise to this
suspicion; but suspicion is short of proof. The point, however, which the
defendant failed to appreciate is that in law, if she puts her signature to a
commercial document agreeing to be bound by it then she will be so bound. In
the absence of any proven estoppel there is no defence in such cases. Here the
defendant failed to establish any estoppel in fact or in her pleadings. The
law is simply but explicitly stated by Scrutton LJ in **HO Brandt & Co Ltd v
HN Morris & Co Ltd** [1917] 2 KB 784 as follows:

> _The fact that a person is agent and is known so to be does not of itself
> prevent his incurring personal liability. Whether he does so is to be
> determined by the nature and terms of the contract and the surrounding
> circumstances. Where he contracts on behalf of a foreign principal there is
> a presumption that he is incurring a personal liability unless a contrary
> intention appears; and similarly where he signs in his own name without
> qualification._

  
  
Considering all the evidence, I am unable to conclude that any representation
had been made by the plaintiff or their employees to the defendant which led
her to believe that she was only a nominee. I am of the view that the
defendant held herself out as the principal person responsible for the account
by signing the facility letter without qualification.  
  
Business cannot be carried on with confidence if parties to an agreement can
repudiate liability merely by alleging that they signed only as an agent. If
the so-called principal wishes to acknowledge liability, he must do so when
the contract is made, not after a breach has occurred. The plaintiff is
entitled to pursue the person they contracted with.  
  
The last defence here was based on negligence. There was, however, no plea for
damages in a counterclaim nor was the defence of set-off pleaded. Nonetheless,
the defence as it was put forward was that the plaintiff ought to have sold
all the security in its possession because it would then clear the defendant`s
debt with more to spare. This defence failed for lack of evidence. On the
contrary, the evidence shows that by the time the plaintiff called on the loan
(about September 1997) the value of the security deposited had fallen much
below the debt. The agreement had, furthermore, given the plaintiff the
discretion to sell, and therefore, the discretion to hold back if they think
it inappropriate to do so. Mr Nair for the plaintiff also referred the
defendant and her witness, Dato Peh, to letters which they wrote requesting
the plaintiff not to sell the shares and to give them time. It was incumbent
upon the defendant, having raised the allegation of negligence, to adduce
proof as to how the security was disposed of (or held over) recklessly or
negligently. Mere evidence that the plaintiff sold the security at their
discretion is woefully inadequate because that was precisely what the contract
permitted them to do. In the circumstances, this defence had no merit
whatsoever. Accordingly, the plaintiffs` claim is allowed.  
  
**Outcome:**

Plaintiffs` claim allowed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Oct 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

