Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Capital Realty Pte Ltd v Chip Thye Enterprises (Pte) Ltd  
[2000] SGHC 52

Case Number | : | Suit 1478/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 March 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Yang Ing Loong and Christopher Tan Teow Hin [Allen & Gledhill] for the plaintiffs; Alfonso Ang and Nicholas Chan Wai-Kuin [A Ang Seah & Hoe] for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Capital Realty Pte Ltd — Chip Thye Enterprises (Pte) Ltd   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

__

__**GROUNDS OF DECISION**

1\. The plaintiff is a company incorporated in 1972. It was the developer of a
condominium and bungalow housing project at Tanglin Hill – Ridley Park. The
project was known as the "Tanglin Hill Project". One of the plaintiff’s
directors, Ang Poon Soon, was in charge of the project. He was the person who
made all the important decisions. One of the decisions he made on the
plaintiff’s behalf was to lend large sums of money (between November 1996 and
May 1998) amounting to $1,400,000. The loans were made by cash cheques drawn
on the plaintiff’s account and received by one Lee Chin Kian. The cheques were
all paid into the account of a company called Articon Construction Pte Ltd
("Articon") of which Lee was a director and shareholder. Payments were made
from time to time, and the balance unpaid is $500,000. This was the sum that
the plaintiff claimed in this suit against the defendant.

2\. The big question, and the sole issue in this suit was, who was the
borrower? It was not disputed that the agreement for the loans was made orally
between Ang Poon Soon and Lee Chin Kian. Neither was it disputed that Ang and
Lee were close friends. Lee was once the tutor in Chinese to Ang. The
plaintiff’s case was that Lee Chin Kian borrowed the money on the defendant’s
behalf. The defendant is a construction company. It entered into a
construction contract with the plaintiff as the main contractor for the
Tanglin Hill development. However, it assigned the entire contract to Articon.
Lee was neither a shareholder or director of the defendant company. The
defendant company held a 35% shareholding in Articon. The defendant claimed
that the sub-contract it signed with Articon was made with the knowledge and
consent of Ang Poon Soon. The sub-contract was indeed proved in evidence and
was not disputed at trial; but the plaintiff’s witnesses say that they had no
knowledge of that contract at the material time.

3\. It was also not disputed that the defendant’s witnesses Phay Gi Mo and his
nephew Pey Ciew Chang, were authorised signatories to Articon’s cheques. The
other signatory was Lee Chin Kian. Pey Ciew Chang had about 16.6% of Articon’s
shareholding, while Lee Chin Kian owned 26.6%, Kwek Teng Pheow owned 21.3%,
and the defendant 35.3%. Lee Chin Kian is the brother-in-law of Phay Gi Mo,
who is a director of the defendant.

4\. It is obvious that direct evidence of the contract of loan could only be
adduced by Ang Poon Soon or Lee Chin Kian. Ang is dead (he died in 1998), and
Lee was not called by either party as a witness. He was also not a party to
the suit whether as a defendant or a third party. Articon had been wound up.
It was not disputed that the loans were made by way of cash cheques issued by
Ang Poon Soon on behalf of the plaintiff. The cheques were handed over to Lee
Chin Kian who deposited the cheques into Articon’s account. Some of the
receipts for the cheques from the plaintiff were issued by the defendant and
marked as "Advance in payment to the Tanglin Hill project" (sic). There was
also no dispute that the general ledger of Articon recorded the payments as
loans made to it by the plaintiff. Partial payments were made from time to
time by Articon. However, the plaintiff relied on an audit confirmation dated
23 January 1998, signed by Phay Gi Mo, acknowledging that the defendant owes
the plaintiff a sum of $300,000. A subsequent confirmation note for $500,000
was not signed. Phay Gi Mo explained that he initially declined to sign the
audit confirmation because the defendant had already sub-contracted the
construction work to Articon, but Kwek Teng Pheow, a director of Articon,
assured him that it was of no major significance as the letter was only a
formality. He was further assured by Kwek that the plaintiff had a retention
sum of more than $500,000 which was sufficient to set-off the $300,000 stated
in the audit confirmation if necessary. Mr. Phay did not make it clear, but my
impression from his evidence was that he was thus assured that the defendant
was not at risk by his signature.

5\. Pey Ciew Chang averred that with the assistance of Ang Poon Soon, Articon
obtained credit facilities of up to $4.9m from the Overseas Union Bank for the
purposes of the project. The facilities were secured only by the personal
guarantees of Articon’s shareholders. The defendant on its part, executed an
assignment, in the bank’s favour, of all money due to it from the plaintiff.

6\. The legal burden of proving the cause of action lies with the plaintiff.
In the course of a trial, evidence adduced by one party may require a rebuttal
from the opposing party. One such instance in this case was the evidence of
the audit confirmation signed by Phay Gi Mo. Mr. Yang Ing Loong for the
plaintiff made a strong submission on this point, relying on _Gobind Lalwani v
Basco Enterprises Pte Ltd[1999] 3 SLR 354_. In that case, the company signed
an audit letter acknowledging a debt to the plaintiff who was one of its
shareholders. The court found for the plaintiff. Chao Hick Tin J (as he then
was) held, at p359 as follows:

> "I cannot see how, when the audit confirmation letter clearly stated that
> the sum is due to the plaintiff, it can reasonably be argued that no debt is
> due and owing to the plaintiff. And if a sum is due and owing, it is
> payable, unless there is evidence of a special contractual arrangement for
> deferring payment or an agreement for other methods of payment."

7\. By itself, the written confirmation is strong _prima facie_ evidence of
debt. It required an explanation. This was provided by Mr. Phay, whose
evidence and explanation I accept. Basco’s case concerned a claim for an
account stated on the basis of the audit confirmation letter alone. That case
was not complicated by other factors so far as the effect of the audit
confirmation letter was concerned. The facts in this case were distinctly
different. There was an outright dispute as to who the contracting parties
were. The possibility of a third and even fourth party being the borrower in
this case significantly altered the context of the claim. A straightforward
approach towards the audit confirmation letter cannot be taken in this case
without due consideration to other evidence which suggests that it might
perhaps be Articon or Lee himself who was the borrower.

8\. The evidence which indicated that the loan could have been made to either
Lee Chin Kian or Articon was ample. Significantly, the benefit of the money
loaned went to Articon. Articon assumed the responsibility of payment and did
make periodic payments. The main contract was sub-contracted by the defendant
to Articon. This was also material even though the plaintiff witnesses claimed
that the plaintiff was not aware of the sub-contract. I am of the view (given
the closeness of the relationship between several of the personalities in the
plaintiff, the defendant, and Articon) that this was improbable. Nonetheless,
the plaintiff’s knowledge on this point was not crucial. What was crucial was
the fact that by reason of the sub-contract the defendant’s benefits,
liabilities, and its responsibilities under the contract with the plaintiff
were vastly diminished. It seems more probable that the loan was requested by
Lee Chin Kian on behalf of Articon. The loan effectively benefited Articon,
and indirectly Lee himself. There was hardly any evidence that the defendant
benefited from them. In my view, there is no significant inference to be drawn
from the fact that Lee had signed contracts on behalf of the defendants and
had attended site meetings as the defendant’s representative. This evidence
must be considered against all the others pieces of evidence, some of which
were favourable and others contradictory to the plaintiff’s case. The
personalities involved were close friends and that was borne out by the
evidence that Lee was the brother-in-law of Phay Gi Mo; Kwek Teng Peow, a
director of Articon was previously an employee of the defendant; the defendant
and Pei Ciew Chang together owned a total of 52% of the shares in Articon;
Phay Gi Mo himself was a cheque signatory of Articon; and Lee and Ang were at
all material times the principal decision makers. The fact that Lee had a say
in both Articon and the defendant only intensified the burden on the plaintiff
(to show that he acted on behalf of the defendant). The plaintiff’s basic
burden was still to prove that the borrower was probably the defendant; but in
the absence of direct evidence, the indirect evidence proved contradictory and
inadequate.

9\. I should add that the plaintiff was not without a remedy in the
circumstances. It could have sued Lee Chin Kian and/or Articon. The practical
difficulties in the way of an action against Lee or Articon do not detract
from the reality of the situation, namely, that the defendant was not a
contracting party. It should not be pursued merely because Articon had become
impecunious and Lee Chin Kian cannot be found.

10\. Thus, on the evidence before me, I am unable to say that the plaintiff
has proved on a balance of probabilities that the loans were made to the
defendant. The claim was, therefore, dismissed with costs.

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Mar 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

