Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosector v Chan Choon Wai  
[2000] SGHC 41

Case Number | : | CC 4/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 March 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Amarjeet Singh JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Amarjit Singh assisted by Karen Loh and Adriel Loh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Tan Teow Yeow assisted by James Chai (AC) (Both Assigned) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosector — Chan Choon Wai   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

__

__**GROUNDS OF JUDGMENT** _**_

Charge

_ **_

1\. At about 11.50pm on 25th March 1999, Koh Mew Chin (‘the Deceased’) an
unemployed Malaysian, was found and pronounced dead in a rented room at
apartment Blk 145 Pasir Ris Street 11 #05-75 (‘the said apartment’).

2\. On 26th March 1999 at about 4.25am, the Accused, also an unemployed
Malaysian, was arrested and subsequently charged for murdering the deceased
between 4.00pm and 11.00pm on 25th March 1999 in the said apartment. At the
conclusion of the Prosecution case the time of the offence was amended to
‘between 3.00pm and 11.00pm’ on the application of the Prosecution and without
objection by the Defence.

__**

Prosecution Case

**_

Discovery of Deceased Body

_

3\. The relevant evidence adduced by the Prosecution in support of the charge
was that the Accused who had befriended the Deceased sometime in
September/October 1998, invited the Deceased to come and reside with him in a
room at the said apartment which he was already sharing with another Malaysian
worker, Lim Sew Foung, PW11, (‘Seow Feng’). Seow Feng had rented the said room
from its owner one Tan Puay Chin (‘Ah Chin’) at a monthly rental of $150/-.
Later a fourth Malaysian Goh Lee Lee, PW17, (‘Lily’) also moved into the said
room. Ah Chin also rented other rooms in his flat to a few other Malaysian
workers namely, Quah Chin Aun (‘Ah Aun’), Lai Chee Choong (‘Ah Choong’) and
Tan Yeap Shion (‘Ah Seng’).

4\. The Prosecution adduced evidence from Ah Aun that when he returned to the
flat on the 25th of March 1999 at about **11pm** , he noticed droplets of
blood on the floor outside the Accused’s bedroom and extending to the kitchen
sink. Ah Aun informed Ah Chin the owner of the flat about the droplets of
blood. Ah Chin then entered the Accused’s room and discovered the Deceased
lying on a mattress. The Accused lay next to her. The Deceased was
"motionless".. He saw blood on the Accused’s body and upon query by Ah Chin as
to what had happened, the Accused informed him that nothing had happened. He
immediately called for an ambulance. He further requested the Accused to wake
the Deceased up. The Accused used his hands to wake the Deceased but there was
no response from her. An ambulance followed by the police arrived soon
afterwards.

__**

Medical Evidence

**_

Ambulance Officer

_

5\. The ambulance officer Norbayah Bte Md Yasin on arrival pronounced the
Deceased as dead. She noted lacerations on each wrist of the Accused. The
bleeding from the lacerations had dried up. She found the Accused fully
conscious in accordance with the Glasgow-Coma Scale which she noted in _Exh.
P94_.

_

Medical Officer, Changi Hospital

_

6\. The Accused was taken to the Changi General Hospital. Dr Gan Yu Unn,
Medical Officer, Accident and Emergency Department, Changi General Hospital,
clinically examined the Accused at 12.35am, confirmed the evidence of the
ambulance officer that the Accused was fully conscious. Dr Gan testified that
the Accused had told him that the wrist injuries he had were self-inflicted as
he was feeling sad. However, the Accused did not appear sad to him. He found
the Accused somewhat reluctant to speak to him. Dr Gan’s evidence was that the
laceration to each wrist measured approximately 5cm in length. Both
lacerations were superficial and involved only skin and subcutaneous tissues
but not the deep arteries, veins or nerves. Both hands had full range of
movement, full sensory function and no evidence of tendon damage. Dr Gan’s
further testimony was that the bleeding of the lacerations would have stopped
within an hour. It would have stopped within half an hour if pressure had been
applied on the wound soon thereafter. The lacerations he said were consistent
with having been caused by a knife such as Exh. P146 which the Prosecution had
recovered from a drawer in the cupboard of the Accused’s room where the
Deceased and Accused were found.

_

Pathologist

_

7\. It was the evidence of Prof Chao Tzee Cheng, PW21 (‘Prof Chao’), Senior
Pathologist from the Department of Science and Forensic Medicine, Ministry of
Health that he tentatively examined the Deceased’s body in the area where she
was found at about 3.30am on 26th March 1999. Rigor Mortis was setting in. He
estimated death to have occurred between 8 to 10 hours before his arrival i.e.
effectively between 3 to 11pm on 25th March 1999 giving allowance for an error
of 2 to 4 hours. He later carried out a post mortem on the Deceased and
certified the cause of death in his Autopsy Report Exh. P87, to be:

‘Asphyxia from Strangulation’.

Prof Chao found the following external injuries:

_

Neck

_

1\. A thin linear abrasion 8 cm long in the centre of the neck at thyroid
region.

2\. Roundish bruise 1.5cm at right side of chin.

3\. Small bruises at right jaw.

4\. Oval shaped bruise 3 cm with a 1cm abrasion in the centre on the left side
of neck below jaw.

5\. Below that a crescentic abrasion 1 cm.

6\. Abrasion 1.5cm on left side of neck.

7\. Below that a crescentic abrasion 1 cm.

_Elbows_

8\. Bruise above left elbow 3 x 2cm

9\. Bruises around right elbow 2 x 2 cm and 5 x 2 cm.

Prof Chao also found petichae haemorrhages on the skin of the Deceased’s face
around the eyes as well as haemorrhages in the conjunctiva of the Deceased’s
eyes. These he said were signs of strangulation. In addition, there were
strangulation marks on the Deceased’s neck with a ligature and by fingertip
marks.

According to Prof Chao, injury 1 above was caused by pressure from a string-
like object pressed against the Deceased’s neck from the front. A dissection
of the neck in a bloodless field revealed the ligature injury to have caused
haemorrhage over the muscles in the centre of the neck.

As for injuries 2, 3, 4 and 6, Prof Chao testified that these injuries were
made by fingertips of the assailant. It was Prof Chao’s evidence that the
assailant had also applied considerable amount of force manually by his hands
as internal underlying examination revealed injuries 2, 3, 4 and 6 had caused
deep haemorrhages on the underlying tissue of the neck as well as on the
larynx and the food passage (oesophagus) at the back of the neck.

Prof Chao was of the opinion that the ligature mark and the marks caused by
the finger tips under the neck structure either independently or collectively
were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death and that these
injuries had not been accidentally caused. Neither were they self-inflicted.
The Deceased’s death would have taken between 2 to 4 minutes with the oxygen
cut off from the brain resulting in brain death.

As for injuries 5 and 7 above, i.e. the crescentic abrasions of 1cm, Prof Chao
stated that they were caused by the Deceased’s finger nails which left scratch
marks on her face. They resulted because she was attempting to pull off the
assailant’s hands to lift the stranglehold on her.

Prof Chao also found haemorrhages on the outside of both elbows of the
Deceased and he was of the opinion that the injuries were consistent with
pressure having been applied on the outside of the elbows by the assailant
gripping the Deceased’s elbows and body by his having straddled across the
Deceased’s body in such a way that the Deceased’s elbows were gripped by the
assailant’s knees at some point during the strangulation.

Prof Chao went on to testify that there was an absence of blood on the
Deceased’s neck and this made it unlikely that the assailant had cut his
wrists before strangling her. He further said that as considerable force had
been applied on her larynx and food passage, it was unlikely that the Deceased
could have shouted out or screamed. As for part of the Deceased’s clothes,
thighs and legs being covered with blood, his opinion was that she was not
moving when the blood fell on her body. There were no open wounds on the
Deceased’s body and the blood was not hers. The blood he suggested could have
come from the assailant’s bleeding hands when he moved her body or lay next to
her later.

 _Scientific Officer_

8\. DNA profiles of all the blood stains and other exhibits in the room
matched that of the Accused including the knife _Exh. P146_ according to
Scientific Officer Mrs Tan Wai Fun of the Department of Scientific Services.
Semen stains were also detected on the bedsheet and on the Deceased’s shorts
which she wore. DNA profiles of the semen stains on the said bedsheet and on
the Deceased’s shorts matched the DNA profile of the Accused.

__**

Other Prosecution Witnesses

**_

Wendy, Lily, Seow Feng and Sam

_

9\. Prosecution witnesses, the Accused’s roommates Lily and Seow Feng and one
Lim Geok Mui (‘Wendy’) testified that the Accused had become suspicious about
the activities of the Deceased and he had been following the Deceased for some
days i.e. from about 18th March 1999 to 24th March 1999 in places such as
Tampines Central, Marina Square, East Coast Food Centre and City Plaza and
calling her on the mobile phone she carried.

_

Wendy

_

9.1 It was Wendy’s evidence that she had seen the Accused and talked to him at
several of these places when she saw him following the Deceased. The Accused
had denied following the Deceased. Wendy went on to testify that she had
introduced the Deceased in early March to one Hooi Sau Ching ('Sam')’and they
became friends. Soon afterwards the Deceased, she and Sam met regularly three
to four times a week. On 20th March 1999 Wendy accompanied the Deceased to
Johore Bahru in a car driven by Sam to obtain a new Social Visit Pass by
exiting Singapore. There the Deceased informed her that she and Sam were going
to Genting Highlands she invited Wendy to come along with them as well. She
did so. All 3 slept in Sam’s car that night after arriving in Genting
Highlands as there was no accommodation available there. They returned home
the next day on 21st March 1999 at about 7pm. Her evidence was that the
Deceased thereafter began looking for a job, attending one or two interviews
but was unsuccessful. They began going out daily.

Wendy testified that some time after 7 pm on 24 March 1999 the Deceased
received a phone call on Sam’s handphone [97948719] when the trio were
together. The caller was the Accused. Sam handed the mobile phone to the
Deceased to speak. Wendy who was in the car heard the Deceased telling the
Accused, in Mandarin:-

"I have made it clear to you, it is impossible between us. I told you
clearly."

"A woman like me is not suitable for you".

"You better not accept a woman like me, I hope that you will find a better
one."

"You better not look for Ah Sam."

After the call ended, the telephone rang again and this time, the Accused
spoke to Sam and asked him to meet him. Wendy testified that her impression
during these several days was that the Accused appeared upset at the
relationship of the Deceased with Sam.

Wendy further stated that on the 25th March 1999 she had lunch with the
Deceased and Sam at about noon. Thereafter both she and the Deceased took a
bus to Jurong where the Deceased went for a job interview whilst Sam went back
to work. The Deceased was carrying Sam’s handphone. She received a call from
the Accused on Sam’s handphone. After the Deceased spoke to the Accused, Wendy
said that the Deceased had told her that the Accused had threatened her that
if she did not return, he would commit suicide and she was to watch the news
that night on television. The Deceased thereafter returned to the flat by taxi
sometime between 2.00pm and 3.00pm.

Wendy went on to say that as soon as she returned home, she called the
Deceased at the flat. The Deceased answered the call and told her to meet her
at the flat. They intended to go out. Wendy then arrived at the void deck of
the flat where the Deceased lived and called the Deceased from there. However,
the Accused answered the phone this time. He informed her that the Deceased
had left for dinner with her elder sister. The Accused soon afterwards again
spoke to Wendy after paging her. This time he told her that the Deceased had
left a message for Wendy that she should wait for the Deceased at the bus stop
at Bedok South. Subsequently, the Accused spoke to Wendy a third time, after
paging her and told her that the Deceased had gone to Johore Bahru to attend a
wedding dinner and would call her the following day. He then asked her to meet
him at the void deck of the flat as the Deceased had given him $50/- which the
Deceased had requested him to give to her to pay for her taxi fare back to
Bedok South. He accordingly met her at the void deck where she had been
waiting and gave her $50/-. Wendy thereafter left.

_

Lily

_

10\. Lily testified that on 22nd March 1999, the Deceased revealed to her that
Sam had treated her very well and had also given her $250/-. She realised that
there were differences between the Deceased and the Accused. The Deceased had
further revealed to her that she had an argument with the Accused as he had
kept questioning her about Sam. Although the Deceased had told her not to tell
the Accused about the money given to her by Sam, Lily had however revealed to
the Accused at his insistence to confide in him that a sum of $250/- was given
by Sam to the Deceased. The Accused had checked the Deceased’s wallet in the
room and seen that the sum of money was inside. The Accused had remarked to
her that the Deceased had lied to him that she had returned the money to Sam.
The Accused then told her that he had intended to go out with the Deceased and
suggest to her to end their relationship. Lily also testified that on 22nd
March 1999 at 11 pm when the Deceased had still not returned to the room, the
Accused had told her that Sam and she were only casual friends. The Accused
had admitted following the Deceased as he wanted to see what Sam looked like.
He also spoke to her about the Deceased having changed her feelings towards
him. Lily said she advised the Accused to take things easy.

As to the events on the afternoon of 25th of March 1999 i.e. the day of the
incident, the Prosecution adduced evidence that the Accused had used the
telephone in the flat and had continuously paged for the Deceased prior to the
Accused'’ return to the flat. Lily testified that the Accused had also called
her several times earlier that afternoon telling her that the Deceased had not
returned to the flat and had requested her help to page for the Deceased.

_

Sam

_

11\. Sam testifying, confirmed the events as narrated earlier by Lily and
Wendy concerning his friendly relationship with the Deceased and the trip to
Genting Highlands and his giving the Deceased $250/-.

__**

Psychiatric Evidence

**__

12\. Dr Stephen Phang, Psychiatric Consultant attached to the Institute of
Mental Health who examined the Accused on six occasions from 27th March to
12th April 1999 put up a Psychiatric Report dated 13th April 1999 Exh. P91. He
also put up a supplementary report dated 4th January 2000 after he had been
requested to review the Accused at the Queenstown Remand Prison after he had
voluntarily given a further statement to the police as evidenced by Exh. P147.

In Exh. P91, Dr Stephen Phang stated that the Accused had told him that he had
strangled the Deceased to death. He denied strangling her as a result of anger
or of a third party in their relationship. He had also denied any intention on
his part to kill her.

Briefly, Dr Phang stated that the Accused had informed him that it was the
Deceased who requested him to end her life by strangling her. He denied any
intention on his part to kill her. The Accused had stated to him that the
Deceased had even casually mentioned committing suicide on several occasions
in that week to him. He claimed that she refused to divulge her problems to
him even though he had queried her. He had denied that they had any dispute or
conflict prior to the killing taking place. He emphatically denied strangling
her in anger in the context of a quarrel, either as a result of a third party
in their relationship or any other reason. She had requested that they commit
suicide together after they had sexual intercourse. He succumbed to her
request, obtained a fruit knife in the kitchen and cut both his wrists
whereupon she asked him to strangle her as dying by the knife was too painful
and he did so. Dr Phang noted in his report that "at no time did he feel
depressed or suicidal himself. He stated that he had felt ‘a little troubled
and uneasy’ in the course of the week preceding the killing, but explained
that this was due to his awareness of the fact that his girlfriend was upset
and not confiding in him. Even so, he denied feeling depressed in his mood,
and was able to go about his daily activities without any apparent
difficulty."

It was Dr Phang’s opinion that the Accused did not suffer from any form of
mental illness. He was neither depressed nor psychotic at or around the
material time of the killing, or in the week preceding, when he claimed he
first noticed that the deceased appeared miserable. The Accused also stated
that he attempted to kill himself, but was ‘rescued’ by the intervention of
the flat owner. He said that he cut his wrist as felt that he had ‘lived long
enough’. However, he denied feeling depressed at the time and described even
tidying the area around the bed so that they could "die in a neat
surrounding".

Dr Phang was also of the opinion that the Accused was fully aware of the
nature of his actions at and around the material time of the killing from the
detailed and consistent account of the events he gave. The Accused, Dr Phang
stated, retained the ability to differentiate between right and wrong, and is
therefore not considered to have been of unsound mind at the material time.

In Court Dr Phang added that the Accused did not come within any criteria
under DSM IV (DSM III previously) or any ICD and was not suffering from
diminished responsibility under S 300 Exception 7 of the Penal Code.

In his further report dated 4th January 2000, in an interview, the Accused
admitted to him that he changed his original statements and that he had no
wish to die. He had admitted to him (Dr Phang) that he was angry with the
Deceased for insulting him by communicating her desire to leave him for
another man after they had sex which was the reverse of what he had promised
prior to their lovemaking. The Accused stated that his reason for squeezing
the neck of the Deceased was to prevent her from verbalizing that she wanted
to leave him. He admitted that his action was therefore motivated by (and
reactive to) what he perceived as a betrayal by the Deceased as well as a
desire to prevent her from being together with any other man. The Accused
admitted to him that he was still unaware of the nature of his actions at and
around the material time.

Dr Phang again concluded that the Accused had not suffered from any mental
illness at the time of the killing of the Deceased.

__**

The Police Statements of the Accused

**__

13\. The Prosecution adduced evidence of seven statements made by the Accused
after his arrest. These were admitted in evidence as Counsel for the Accused
informed the Court that the Defence was not objecting to their admission as he
was not raising any issue as to the lack of their voluntariness. Nevertheless,
on my direction, the Prosecution adduced _prima facie_ evidence that all the
statements were voluntarily made. The evidence was unchallenged. The Accused
was also invited to testify after _prima facie_ evidence had been adduced
showing that the statements were voluntarily made. The Accused declined to do
so. I was in the end satisfied that all the statements were voluntarily made
by the Accused. I admitted them in evidence as such. The statements admitted
and marked as _Exhibits P99, P101, P102, P103, P104, P105_ and _P147_ were
made as follows:

(i) _Exh. P99_ (_Exh. P99A_ , a typed copy) - on 26th March 1999 at 3.30am
recorded by Benjamin Oh at Changi Hospital.

(ii) _Exh. P101_ \- on 26th March 1999 at 11.27am at CID.

(iii) _Exh. P102_ (S 122(6) of CPC) on 20th April 1999 at 11.16am at CID.

(iv) _Exh. P103_ on 21st April 1999 at 3.01pm at CID.

(v) _Exh. P104_ (_Exh. P104A_ a typed copy) on 28th April 1999 at 3.43pm at
CID

(vi) _Exh. P105_ on 28th April 1999 at 4.32pm at CID.

(vii) _Exh. P147_ on 30th December 1999 at 3.05pm at Queenstown Remand Prison.

_

Exhibits P101 to P105

_ and _P147_ were recorded by the Investigating Officer.

The relevant contents extracted from the statements are as follows:-

_**

Exh. P99A:

> **_"………..On 25/3/99 (Thu) @ 3 plus in the afternoon, ‘Ah May’ came back. We
> talked. ………

……….

Suddenly, in the midst of our conversation, ‘Ah May’ started to cry. I asked
her what had happened but she refused to tell me. A short while later, her
mood changed for the better.

‘Ah May’ told me that she wanted to make love. We then proceed to make love.

After making love, ‘Ah May’ started to cry. She told me that she has done me
wrong.

I asked ‘Ah May’ what happened. She refused to tell me and suggested that both
of us kill ourselves. I again asked her what happened and she still refused to
tell me.

As I was very confused and I waited for her the whole night. ‘Ah May’
suggested that I cut my wrists first, then I strangle her neck using my hands.

I then leave the bedroom and went to the kitchen to take a knife (approximate
6 to 7 inches long) from the sink and cut my wrists.

After that, I went to the bedroom and used my hands to strangle ‘Ah May’ neck
until she fainted."

_**

Exh. P101:

**_

"I have nothing to say."

_**

Exh. P102:

**_

> "8. On the morning of 25 March 99, when "Ah May" had failed to return home
> to sleep, I paged for her. ………….Over the telephone, she told me that she
> would be home later in the afternoon at about 2 to 3 p.m. ……………

10\. On her return home at about 3:00 p.m. …..

> ……………
>
> 17\. We engaged in chatting. However, "Ah May" started crying shortly
> afterwards. I asked her why she was crying and she refused to say. Later,
> she asked me to make lover to her. I complied and we made love.
>
> 18\. Ten to fifteen minutes later, "Ah may" told me that she wanted to
> commit suicide. I asked her why she wanted to commit suicide and again she
> refused to say anything. She asked me to die with her, saying that if I did
> not do so, she would still commit suicide when she moved out. She said that
> when that happened, I would suffer from guilty conscience all my life.
>
> 19\. After what she had said, I somehow went to the kitchen to get a knife.
> She told me that even though we were going to die, we should not dirty other
> people’s place. I then proceeded to cut both my wrists once with the knife.
> At the sight of me cutting my wrists, "Ah May" indicated that she was afraid
> of the pain. She then asked me to strangle her.
>
> 20\. After that time, "Ah May" was lying on a mattress. I was sitting beside
> her. I proceeded to put my hands around her neck and squeezed it. Shortly
> after that, when she appeared to have fallen asleep, I stopped in my tracks.
> I took the knife again and cut my own wrists two times more on each side. ……
> ………….."
>
> _****_

Exh. P103:

"Q10 - Do you know anyone by the name of "Sam"?

A10 - No. However I have spoken to a person by the name of "Sam" over the
telephone. ….

Q19 - On the same day i.e. 25 March 99, did you inform "Ah May" over "Sam’s"
handphone that you would commit suicide if she did not return to the house
i.e. Block 145 Pasir Ris Street 11 #05-75, immediately?

A19 - No "

_**

Exh. P104:

> **_"I sat cross-legged on the mattress close to her head. I put my hands on
> her neck with my fingers spread at the side and my thumbs pointing inward.
> At that time she had closed her eyes to let me strangle her. Some 5-6
> minutes later she seemed to have fallen asleep. I let go of my hands and cut
> both my wrists with a knife. In all, I cut myself a total of 3 times on each
> wrist."_****_

_**

Exh. P147:

**_

"33. At about 3:00 p.m., she arrived home in Pasir Ris. …

34\. In the bedroom, I told ‘Ah May’ not to leave me. I kept pleading with her
for a while. Subsequently, she agreed. We then made love.

35\. 10 to 15 minutes after we have made love, ‘Ah May’ again mentioned that
she was going to leave me. She told me that she was more found of the other
person. I gathered that the person referred to was ‘Ah Sam’ because I have
heard from ‘Lily’ that ‘Ah May’ had got to know a guy named ‘Ah Sam’. I was
sad on hearing what ‘Ah May’ had said. I became furious and it pained me to
hear that she was leaving me because she was more found of another guy. At
that time the thought crossed my mind that I wanted to die with her because I
could not bear to have her leave me. I love her very much.

36\. During that time, ‘ah May’ kept saying that she had fallen in love with
another guy. I was fearful that she would leave me for the other guy. I was in
agony. While she kept saying that, I told her not to say anymore as I was not
going to listen to her further. I put my hands around her neck and squeezed
it. As I was squeezing her neck, I kept telling her not to leave me or we
would die together. When I was squeezing her neck, she clenched her fists and
tried to struggle. I kept squeezing her neck until she became still.

37\. When I saw her lying still on the bed, I went to the kitchen to get a
knife. Thereafter, I went back to the bedroom and cut my wrist. I cut both my
wrists three times each. The knife I used was actually a fruit knife that was
not sharp. Therefore, I cut both my wrists three times each on the same site.

> > 38\. After this, I took a face towel and wiped away the blood on the
> floor. Thereafter, I put the bloodstained towel into a drawer together with
> the knife. I lay beside ‘Ah May’ and waited for death to come upon me. ……"

__**

Prima Facie Case

**__

14\. It was evident from the Accused’s voluntary statements to the police
especially _**Exh. P147**_ and inferences therefrom and the medical evidence
which I have narrated that the Accused killed the Deceased by strangling her.
The Pathologist’s evidence showed as has been narrated earlier that the
assailant i.e. the Accused had both strangled the Deceased with his hands by
applying considerable amount of manual force and also by a ligature causing
her to die from asphyxiation as is evident from the underlying internal
injuries found on the neck. The Pathologist had also categorically stated that
the injuries to the Deceased’s neck were not accidental or self-inflicted and
that the injuries were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause
death.

Each element of the murder charge had been _prima facie_ proved by the primary
evidence, the bodily injuries present on the neck, that the same were not
accidental or self-inflicted but intentionally inflicted. The Accused’s
intention in inflicting the fatal injuries were clear in view of the
Pathologist’s evidence that a considerable amount of manual force was used in
pressing the neck of the Deceased as evidenced by the Deceased’s haemorrhages
in the underlying tissue of the neck, larynx and food passage and also by a
string-like object i.e. a ligature pressed against the Deceased’s neck from
the front resulting in the Deceased’s death from asphyxiation. As the
Accused’s intention was _prima facie_ proved, the sufficiency of the injuries
was for the Court a purely objective inference to draw. I was _prima facie_
satisfied on all the evidence that the injuries caused by the manual
strangulation and those caused by ligature independently or collectively, were
sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death and had caused the
death of the Accused.

Psychiatric evidence further showed that the Deceased was not of unsound mind
at the time of the offence. It was for the Accused to establish any of the
exceptions to s 300 of the Penal Code which provide formal mitigation and
reduce the offence of murder to simple culpable homicide.

I therefore called upon the Accused to enter upon his Defence.

The Accused elected to give evidence on oath.

 __**Defence**__

15\. The Accused testified that he had come to know the Deceased some 9 months
earlier. They became intimate lovers soon afterwards. Some time in early
March, he invited her to stay with him in a room which he was occupying with
the two other Malaysian females Seow Feng and Lily.

16\. On the 22nd of March he learnt from Lily that the Deceased had gone to
Genting Highlands with another youth. He was angry when he heard the news from
Lily. He had earlier suspected her of having a new boyfriend and had been
following her. He said the Deceased had started coming home late at night and
on the night of the 24th March she had altogether failed to return to his room
despite his having paged for her and sought the assistance of Lily to do the
same.

16.1 On the afternoon of the 25th of March 1999 he paged for her repeatedly
and finally spoke to her on the telephone a few times, eventually informing
her to come back to the flat and told her that if she refused to come back,
she could read from the newspapers and find out from the news on the
television about his having committed suicide. However when asked by his
Counsel , _"Did you intend to do what you said?"_ his answer was "No". His
purpose he said was to use the ‘suicide’ as a ‘pretext’ to make her return to
the flat. Thereafter the Deceased returned to the flat at 3pm. He was very
happy. However, shortly later he learnt from Wendy that both of them would be
going out again. As he wanted to talk to the Deceased, he asked her whether
she was going out again but she did not answer his question. He did not want
her go go out as he wanted to talk to her about their relationship which they
started to do after she had a bath. He told her to think about the matter
carefully. He told her that he loved her genuinely and that it did not matter
if she had lied to him or had hidden things from him previously as long as she
came back to him. The Deceased began to cry. He wiped the tears off her eyes
and she apologised to him. She then nodded her head when he asked her if she
would come back to him. They then had sexual intercourse. He believed he
ejaculated outside her body.

16.3 However, after the intercourse when he was about to go out and take a
bath, the Deceased said that she was fond of the other man whom he knew was
Sam. She told him that he had a more successful career than he did. Upon
hearing that he squeezed her neck with his hands to prevent her from speaking
about the other man. He kept asking her why she had wanted to lie to him.
After some time, she became motionless. He though she had fainted and he let
her sleep covering her with a blanket and thereafter lying beside her.

16.4 He got up a little later and went to the hall as he was very troubled. He
then entered the kitchen and saw a knife on the kitchen sink. He returned with
it to the room. He thought he had to prove his love to the Deceased. So he cut
his wrists pacing the room. He thought that if the Deceased knew what he did,
she would come back to him. He again stated that he had intended to kill
himself by cutting his wrists.

Asked further by his Counsel as to whether the contents of his police
statements _Exhs. P99, P101-102_ were true where he stated that the Deceased
had asked him to cut his wrists and then to kill her, he stated that the
statements in that version were untrue. He did not state the truth because he
was afraid as he could not accept the facts. Asked to elaborate by Prosecuting
Counsel later as to what he meant by "could not accept the facts" he stated
that he could not accept the fact that he had caused the death of the Deceased
with his hands. When asked specifically by his Counsel whether his further
statement in _Exh. P104_ was true that the Deceased had let him strangle her,
he again stated that the statement was not true.

16.5 The Accused also went on to state that the statements he had made to the
Psychiatrist and reported by the Psychiatrist in his report were not a true
account of what he had stated and he had made them because he was following
his earlier police statements. The Accused thereafter revealed that the
statements he made in _Exh. P147_ were the true and correct version of the
events that had transpired leading to his strangling the Deceased and the
cutting of his own wrists.

17\. In _Cross-Examination_ by the Prosecution, the Accused stated that after
he had found that the Deceased had fainted from his strangulation it did not
occur to him to wake her up or call for help; that he was unaware that she was
dead after he had strangled her; that he had no intention to commit suicide
when he cut his hands; that he had not applied pressure on his wrists to stop
them from bleeding; that he had not felt as if he was losing consciousness;
that he did not try to wake up the Deceased to show her that he had cut his
wrists which should have indicated to her that he loved her. He did not do
this because he was worried for her if she saw blood on his hands; that he
agreed that there was no suicide pact between the Deceased and himself and
that the Deceased did not consent to be strangled by him; that the Deceased
had no knowledge that he was cutting his wrists as she had already fainted;
that he had strangled her because he did not want to hear her affairs with the
other man of whom he learnt she was found of and he had to stop her from
saying further; that the Deceased did struggle when he was strangling her;
that the injuries to the Deceased’s outer elbow were caused when he squeezed
at her elbows and her body when sitting or straddling over her; that he had
previously told Lily that he would break off his relationship with the
Deceased because of the other man; that he had not killed the Deceased in a
fit of jealousy, but had done so because he could not bear the Deceased’s
lying to him on numerous occasions and also wanted her to stop mentioning
things about the other man; he disagreed that there was nothing new the
Deceased had told him which he did not already know just before he strangled
her; he disagreed that he had cut his wrists to support his version of a
suicide pact as narrated in his earlier police statements.

__**

Evaluation and Findings

**__

18\. I considered the entire history of the events from the intimate
relationship of the Deceased and the Accused over some 8 or 9 months to her
attraction for another boy known as Sam which attraction had fatal
consequences for her at the hands of the Accused.

19\. After his arrest, the Accused had in his statements _Exhs. P99A,_ _P102
and P104_ stated to the police to the effect that the Deceased had told him on
25 March 1999 that they should both end their lives although she did not say
why. He said she had asked the Accused to cut his wrists and then to strangle
her neck. Accordingly, he then cut his wrists and strangled. The clear
impression from his statements was that it was a suicide pact between lovers
although he later survived. However, shortly before the Preliminary Inquiry
some months later, the Accused volunteered a new statement _Exh. P147_
retracting the earlier statements as to how the Deceased’s death resulted. In
the new statement he said she had told him that she was _fond_ of the other
person and had fallen in love with him. This had made him angry and furious as
he believed she would leave him. He thereupon told her to say no more and that
he was not going to listen to her and had thereafter strangled her. In the new
statement, he said he had neither consented to being strangled nor had asked
him to cut his wrists.

20\. Essentially the Accused’s defence in Court was not very different from
that put forward in _Exh. P147_. He stated in Court that during a discussion
on 25 March 1999 to resolve their relationship the Deceased had agreed to
remain his girlfriend. They then had sexual intercourse. However, shortly
afterwards, the Deceased told him that:

(i) _she was fond of the other man (Sam) and did not want to hear anymore
about it;_

(ii)_that the other man had better career prospects than him and_

(iii)_further that he was angry as she had lied previously to him which
included her hiding many things from him._

. The Accused’s defence was that all this amounted to provocation and he
reacted to the provocation by squeezing her by the neck with his hands to
prevent her speaking about the other man. He had squeezed her neck until she
became motionless.

21\. I accepted as probable and true the version of events as narrated by the
Accused in Court and in the new statement _Exh. P147._ _Exh. P147_ had not
been sought by the police but the Accused had taken the initiative and called
for the Investigating Officer when in remand to make the statement to him
shortly before the Preliminary Inquiry and when the investigations were long
completed. It was admitted without objection as being voluntarily made and
thus substantially ensured its truth.

22\. I found that the Accused had realised that his earlier accounts in _Exhs.
P99A, P102 and P104_ did not fit in with the expert forensic evidence.
Otherwise, there was no reason for the Accused to recant his earlier
statements and to admit that there was no suicide pact and to go and admit
that he had strangled her because she was in effect dumping him for Sam whose
qualities she preferred, all of which he could not bear to hear. There was no
reason for the Accused finally to make these admissions in _Exh. P147_ and in
his evidence in Court unless they were true. The Accused was entitled to
ground his defence of provocation on these facts as he did. I shall now
consider the law and the evidence in its totality in assessing his defence on
his evidence in Court and the relevant facts narrated in _Exh. P147._

23\. Under S 300, Exception 1 of the Penal Code, for the defence of
provocation to succeed so as to reduce an offence of murder to culpable
homicide, an offender’s power of self-control must be deprived by grave and
sudden provocation.

24\. I accepted the Accused’s account that the Deceased made the utterances
complained of by the Accused on the afternoon of the 25 March 1999 in view of
the corroborating evidence of the deteriorated relationship between the
Accused and the Deceased as expressed by Wendy, Lily and Seow Feng her
roommates as set out earlier. The Deceased’s utterances, however, constituted
at the highest only a very a _mild_ form of provocation and not a _grave_
provocation as envisaged by the Penal Code. Again there was nothing _sudden_
in the utterances made or intimations given to the Accused. The Accused had
already known that the Deceased had started to go out with Sam as testified to
by the Deceased’s roommates The Deceased had specifically told the Accused
about two days earlier over the phone as appears from the evidence of Wendy,
which fact the Accused admitted, that the Deceased had made it clear to him
that their relationship was impossible, that she was not suitable for him and
not to accept her and that he should find a better one and that he further had
better not look for Sam. Further, Lily a mutual friend, had testified that
previously the Accused had told her he contemplated suggesting to the Deceased
that they end their relationship. This evidence had not been challenged by the
Accused. The Accused had therefore plenty of time to reflect coolly over his
relationship with the Deceased. Lily had also advised him earlier to take
things easy.

25\. The Accused had in my opinion therefore plainly overacted to the words of
the Deceased declaring her intention to leave him for Sam on that fateful
afternoon. In my opinion, he further failed to display the level of self-
control expected of an ordinary person when the Deceased made the utterances
complained of. There was nothing to suggest in the evidence that the Deceased
had mocked the Accused or had insulted him or otherwise subjected him to
indignity by her conduct in making known to him her fondness for Sam. The
severity of degree of loss of self-control was simply not commensurate with
the mild provocation. The law is that the defence of provocation is not
available to those who over-react because they are exceptionally pugnacious,
bad-tempered or over-sensitive. I find the Deceased was over-sensitive and had
grossly over-reacted out of jealousy although he denied the same in
intentionally injuring the Deceased fatally.

26\. Finally, I would add that the Accused had also throughout his evidence
testified that the Deceased had only fainted as a result of his strangling her
and that she was only asleep. He admittedly did nothing to try to wake her up
or seek help if that was so. His explanation was that he did not do so as she
would have been frightened by the blood on his hands and on her body. This was
a feeble explanation and I rejected it. I was satisfied that the Accused knew
he had strangled the Deceased to death. The Accused not only applied
considerable _manual_ force but also went on to apply pressure on her neck by
a _ligature_ thereby independently or collectively causing serious injuries to
the neck structure and causing her to die from asphyxiation. The Accused’s
denial that he had used a ligature to strangle her was a lie as it went
against the established evidence which showed such a ligature was used as can
clearly be discerned from the photographs taken during the post mortem (_Exhs.
P57 –59, P61 and P62_) and the exposed underlying injury in _Exh. P73._ In his
earlier version of events as stated in his recanted statements he had tried to
give a false impression that there was a suicide pact between him and the
Deceased to dupe the police in case he was apprehended. His new version _Exh.
P147_ as amplified in Court that he had cut his wrists as he wanted to die
anyway after he found the Deceased motionless was totally unconvincing and I
rejected it.

27\. Further, I accepted the evidence of the psychiatrist that the Accused was
fully aware of the nature of his actions all the time and was neither of
unsound mind nor suffering from diminished responsibility at or about the time
he committed the offence in as much as the defences were not raised.

__**

Conclusion

**__

28\. In the circumstances, I found the Accused guilty on the amended charge of
murder, convicted him and sentenced him according to law.

Dated this 15th day of March 2000

AMARJEET SINGH

JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

