Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## New Civilbuild Pte Ltd v Guobena Sendirian Berhad and Another  
[2000] SGHC 47

Case Number | : | Suit 46/1998  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 March 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Chin Seon (C S Lee) for the plaintiffs; Tan Woon Tiang and Karen Phua (Tan & Tan); K S Chung with Michael Moey (Chung & Co) for the first defendants; BR Rai and Edric Pan (Rajah & Tann) for the second defendants   
Parties | : |  New Civilbuild Pte Ltd — Guobena Sendirian Berhad; The Tai Ping Insurance Co Ltd   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

__

__**SUPPLEMENTAL JUDGMENT**

1\. After delivery of my Judgment dated 29 February 2000 and pursuant to my
direction therein, counsel for the plaintiffs and the first defendant
presented further arguments before me on the question of costs. As I indicated
I would, I now finalise my orders for costs as between New Civilbuild (the
plaintiffs) and Guobena (the first defendants).

2\. Counsel for Civilbuild quite naturally submitted that costs should be
awarded to his clients as they had succeeded in obtaining final judgment on
their claim for progress payments and retention monies totalling
$1,813,981.95. Guobena on the other hand, had failed in its claim for
liquidated damages and had only been awarded interlocutory judgment on their
claim for advances made to New Civilbuild, which claim had yet to be assessed;
therefore, Guobena should pay the costs of the action.

3\. Counsel for New Civilbuild had also inquired whether there was an
inconsistency between paras 71 and 100 of my Judgment. To recapitulate, in
para 71, I had pointed out that neither New Civilbuild nor Guobena had filed a
defence to Tai Ping’s counterclaim; I should have made it clear that it was
counsel for Tai Ping who canvassed this argument at the hearing of an earlier
interlocutory application – that New Civilbuild and Guobena were deemed to
have admitted to Tai Ping’s counterclaim as a matter of procedure. I should
also have added that counsel for Guobena disagreed and rightly so, that there
was any requirement under the Rules of Court, for a defendant to plead to the
case of a co-defendant in the same suit. Consequently, there was no conflict
between para 71 and para 100 of my Judgment where I held that Tai Ping had
failed in its counterclaim against Guobena.

4\. Finally, counsel asked for the refund of the security for costs ($15,000)
furnished by New Civilbuild in favour of Goubena, on the direction of the
Registrar. I had refused to increase the amount of security when Guobena
applied for the same on 28 June 1999.

5\. Counsel for Guobena took a different approach on the issue of costs. In
his written submissions, he used a ‘scoreboard’ method based on the number (8)
of issues I had identified in my judgment (see para 12); in the process he
arrived at a score of 6 wins for Guobena and 2 for New Civilbuild.
Consequently, counsel argued, Guobena should be awarded costs against New
Civilbuild for the action. In addition, counsel applied for a certificate for
two (2) counsel and submitted that the previous order for costs I made (on 28
June 1999) in favour of New Civilbuild for amendments to the defence should be
reversed in his clients’ favour; I rejected both requests as being without
merit.

6\. I shall first give my reasons for rejecting counsel’s requests. Granted,
there is provision under O 59 r 19 of the Rules of Court 1997 to award costs
to a party for more than one counsel for both getting-up as well as for court
attendance. There are however no set rules as to when and how the court should
exercise its discretion under that provision. I personally am of the view that
a court should award a certificate for two (2) counsel as an exception to the
general rule that only one counsel should be awarded costs. Such exceptional
circumstances would include cases which involve a high degree of complexity of
facts and or law or, where there are many issues of both fact and law and,
trial is lengthy. Hence, in England it is not uncommon for the courts to award
certificate for not only two but three counsel, in infringement of trademark
and patent cases.

7\. Undoubtedly, trial in this case was spread over 15 days in two (2)
tranches with an interval of four (4) months in between. However, that factor
alone does not warrant a successful litigant being awarded a certificate for
two (2) counsel. He will be adequately compensated by way of refresher for the
break in the two portions of the trial as well as for the length of the trial,
by the taxing registrar. Counsel for Guobena had submitted that the fact all
parties were represented by two (2) counsel each was indicative of how
difficult the proceedings were. With respect, I disagree. The submission is in
any case inaccurate as there was only one counsel for New Civilbuild
throughout the proceedings. As for Guobena and Tai Ping, I am of the view they
had two (2) counsel each by choice and not necessity. The fact that I
identified eight (8) issues does not mean that there were complex legal issues
involved or that the facts were convoluted. The documentation was indeed
voluminous but that is to be expected of any construction case especially one
where both liability and quantum were disputed. Again this factor will be
taken into consideration in the taxation process. I am also of the view that a
test for the applicability of O 59 r 19 must be whether it was reasonable of
the defendants in this case to appoint two instead of, one counsel; I think it
was not.

8\. As for Guobena’s argument on reversing my previous order for costs in
favour of New Civilbuild, this submission was no longer open to them as they
could have but failed to, appeal within the time stipulated under the Rules of
Court. Further, it would be a departure from the norm if I were to award costs
in any event to instead of against, a party applying for amendments at the
very late stage which Guobena did, in the midst of trial. Consequently, the
sum of $5,000 which I awarded to New Civilbuild pending taxation of their
costs for those amendments (and presently held by Guobena’s counsel as
stakeholder) should forthwith be released to their counsel.

9\. I turn now to the main issue of costs. One other argument put forth by
counsel for Guobena was, that it could not be said that New Civilbuild had
succeeded in their claim for progress payments on the merits as that was a
concession by his clients right from the start. That is correct from the point
of view of Guobena’s pleadings but that concession did not extend to allowing
New Civilbuild to obtain final judgment against the first defendants but with
a stay of execution pending the outcome of Guobena’s counterclaim. Indeed,
Guobena applied to set aside New Civilbuild’s ex-parte injunction by relying
on their counterclaim. Therefore the concession did not save the court’s time
or the parties’ costs. As for the retention monies, no concession at all was
made by Guobena.

10\. What is clear is that New Civilbuild succeeded in obtaining final
judgment on two (2) out of the three (3) claims pleaded in their statement of
claim; I had disallowed their claim in excess of $2m for costs incurred for
variations works and for damages resulting from delay in completion which I
held was largely due to their own fault.

11 As for Guobena, I had dismissed their claim for liquidated damages which
(after amendment) was reduced to $3m from $6,180,000. Consequently, based on
the particulars in para 29 of Guobena’s defence, what remains of their
counterclaim against New Civilbuild (when assessed) would at most, amount to
$270,913, after taking into account (which they must and have) the sum
received from Tai Ping under the bond.

12\. I had in para 97 of my Judgment, already reserved to the Registrar the
question of costs on assessment of the damages pursuant to the interlocutory
judgements awarded to New Civilbuild and Guobena on their respective claim and
counterclaim. Consequently the ‘scoreboard’ as it stands, using the
methodology adopted by counsel for Guobena, is that New Civilbuild have
obtained final judgement (and interlocutory judgment) in sums which exceed and
would likely exceed what was awarded to Guobena. In these circumstances, I am
of the view for expediency, that there should be a global order for costs in
that New Civilbuild be given costs of the action but with ƒ reduction to take
into account Guobena’s successful counterclaim, but with full disbursements up
to judgment. Conversely, Guobena are entitled to be reimbursed by New
Civilbuild their full disbursements on a standard basis, up to and including
judgment.

13\. Further, the sum of $15,000 paid into court by New Civilbuild as security
for Guobena’s costs cannot be withdrawn until the conclusion of the
Registrar’s assessment of damages. For the avoidance of further dispute
between the parties, New Civilbuild are not entitled to receive and Guobena
are not obliged to pay, the judgment sum of $1,813,981.95 pending the
assessment. However, to ensure that New Civilbuild are not prejudiced by any
delay in the assessment process, I award them interest at 6% on the said sum
from date of writ (14 January 1998) until judgment (29 February 2000).

14\. Finally, as I had not anticipated this undue delay between release of my
Judgement and the hearing on costs, I am rescinding my previous direction
dated 28 November that for purposes of appeal, time runs from 29 February
2000. Instead, for purposes of appeal on the question of liability only, time
runs from the date of this Supplemental Judgment.

LAI SIU CHIU

JUDGE

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Mar 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

