Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yue Xiu Enterprises (Holdings) and Another v PT Hutan Domas Raya and
Another  
[2000] SGHC 124

Case Number | : | Suit 1459/1998  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 July 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Koh Kok Wah (Wong & Leow) for the plaintiffs; Bonnie Lo (Rajah & Tann) for the first defendants; Tang Kin Wai (Lee & Lee) for the second defendants   
Parties | : |  Yue Xiu Enterprises (Holdings); Another — PT Hutan Domas Raya; Another   
  
Conflict of Laws – Natural forum – Stay of proceedings – Process for dealing
with plea of forum non conveniens – Whether Singapore the natural forum –
Whether court should decline jurisdiction even if Singapore not the natural
forum  
  

: The plaintiffs are both companies incorporated in Hong Kong. They are
related in that the first plaintiffs have a wholly owned subsidiary which in
turn owns 65% of the share capital of the second plaintiffs. The second
plaintiffs carry on business, inter alia, in forestry exploitation and the
import and export of timber.  
  
The first defendants are a company incorporated in Indonesia and are involved
in the timber industry. The second defendant is the chief executive of the
first defendants. He is an Indonesian citizen but resides in Singapore.  
  
According to the statement of claim filed by the plaintiffs, by a memorandum
in Chinese, the first defendants acknowledged that they were indebted to the
first plaintiffs in the sum of US$9,230,000 and agreed to pay the same and
interest in monthly instalments. By another memorandum similarly dated, the
first defendants in consideration for the continued supply of logging
equipment by the second plaintiffs to the first defendants, the first
defendants agreed to pay the first plaintiffs the sum of US$68,750 each month
for 84 months. It should be noted whilst the statement of claim averred that
both memoranda were executed on 27 February 1992, copies of the memoranda
exhibited by the plaintiffs showed their dates as apparently being 27 August
1992.  
  
The second defendant executed two guarantees on 27 August 1992. The first
guaranteed all moneys due and owing and remaining unpaid from the first
defendants to the first plaintiffs under the first memorandum. The second
guaranteed all moneys due and remaining unpaid from the first defendants to
the second plaintiffs under the second memorandum.  
  
The statement of claim went on to aver that the first defendants had only made
part payments under the first and second memoranda and accordingly were in
breach of their obligations under both. Accordingly, as at 1 August 1998, they
were indebted to the first plaintiffs in the sum of US$15,300,000.04 and to
the second plaintiffs in the sum of US$2,976,623.52. The plaintiffs claimed
these sums from the first defendants under the two memoranda and from the
second defendant under the two guarantees which he had signed.  
  
The writ of summons was issued in August 1998. It was duly served on the
second defendant at his address in Singapore and he entered an appearance to
the action on 10 September 1998.  
  
Things did not proceed so smoothly vis-Ã -vis the first defendants. In
February 1999, the plaintiffs obtained an order of court giving them leave to
serve the writ on the first defendants in Indonesia. Service purportedly took
place pursuant to this order on 15 April 1999. On 21 May 1999, the plaintiffs
entered judgment against the first defendants in default of appearance. The
first defendants then applied to set aside the service of the writ and the
judgment on the basis that it should have been served through the Indonesian
judicial authorities. They were successful at first instance and the
plaintiffs` appeal to the judge in chambers was dismissed on 10 August 1999.  
  
On 21 February 2000, the plaintiffs served the first defendants in Indonesia
with the writ again, this time via the judicial authorities. The first
defendants did not contest this service. Instead, having entered appearance to
the action, on 21 March they filed an application by which they sought the
following orders:

(1) that the order of court date 15 February 1999 granting leave to the
plaintiffs to serve the writ of summons out of jurisdiction on the first
defendants and service pursuant to the said order be set aside;

(2) consequently, a declaration that in the circumstances of this case, this
court had no jurisdiction over the first defendants in respect of the subject
matter of the claim or the relief or remedy sought in the action;

(3) alternatively, that there be a stay of the action as against the first
defendants.  
  
The grounds of the application were that the first defendants were not subject
to the jurisdiction of this court or alternatively, that the appropriate forum
to litigate the matter was Jakarta, Indonesia.  
  
The first defendants` application was heard by the learned assistant registrar
on 31 March. She made no order on the application to set aside the grant of
leave to serve the writ outside the jurisdiction. In relation to the third
prayer, however, the learned assistant registrar granted a stay of action
against the first defendants. The plaintiffs appealed.  
  
The appeal was heard before me on 3 May. I allowed it and set aside the stay
order. The first defendants are unhappy with this decision.  
  
**_Relevant facts_**

****

By the time the appeal was heard before me, proceedings against the second
defendant were at an advanced stage, with discovery having been completed. The
second defendant, the president and chief executive of the first defendants,
is a Singapore permanent resident. His daughter, Ms Sofia Korompis, is the
vice president of the first defendants and she was the one who made the
affidavits in support of the first defendants` application for a stay. Ms
Korompis is also a Singapore permanent resident. Both the second defendant and
his daughter have extensive business interests in Singapore.  
  
From the affidavits which Ms Korompis had affirmed, it appeared that the first
defendants` main defence to the plaintiffs` claim was that the two memoranda
were illegal and unenforceable under Indonesian law because the second
defendant had failed to get the consent of the Commissioner of the first
defendants before signing these documents on behalf of the first defendants.
Additionally, the memoranda did not specify the events of default and the
procedure required to constitute default. She pointed out that both the
memoranda and the guarantees were executed in Jakarta, Indonesia and averred
that the law governing these instruments was the law of Indonesia. In the case
of the guarantees, these documents had been expressly made subject to
Indonesian law. Neither Ms Korompis nor anyone else on behalf of the first
defendants denied the first defendants` indebtedness to the respective
plaintiffs.  
  
The second defendant had taken a similar line in his defence to the
plaintiffs` action. His defences were:

(1) that the memoranda were void because they were not approved by the
Commissioner of the first defendants;

(2) that his guarantees were not enforceable because (a) his spouse had not
consented to them and (b) the assets of the borrower had to be auctioned off
before recourse could be had to the guarantees.  
  
The second defendant was, in pleading those defences, relying on various
provisions of Indonesian law.  
  
**_Was Singapore the appropriate forum?_**

****

The first defendants` contention was that Singapore was not the appropriate
forum for the disposal of the plaintiffs` claim against them and that the
courts of Jakarta would be clearly more appropriate for this purpose. They
relied on the principles established in **The Spiliada** [1986] AC 460 which
have been applied in many cases in Singapore including **Eng Liat Kiang v Eng
Bak Hern** [1995] 3 SLR 97 . As pointed out in those cases, when a plea of
forum non conveniens is raised, the court must go through a two-stage process.
First it must establish whether the Singapore court is the most appropriate
forum for the hearing of the case or whether a foreign forum is clearly the
more appropriate forum for the trial. If the finding is that the foreign forum
is the more appropriate forum, then the court must consider whether there are
circumstances which militate against granting a stay of the Singapore
proceedings.  
  
The first defendants submitted that the factors pointing to a stay in favour
of Indonesia included:

(1) the first defendants were incorporated in Indonesia and carry on business
there. They have no presence in Singapore;

(2) the plaintiffs are Hong Kong companies;

(3) the memoranda relied on by the plaintiffs were executed in Jakarta and
governed by the laws of Indonesia;

(4) the cause of action, if any, against the first defendants arose in
Indonesia and their witnesses would be from Indonesia. The witnesses included
the directors and the legal experts. It would be inconvenient and costly for
them to come to Singapore;

(5) the plaintiffs` own witnesses were not likely to be from Singapore;

(6) the Singapore court would have to decide issues of Indonesian company law;
and

(7) the plaintiffs` claim had no connection whatsoever let alone any real
and/or substantial connection with Singapore.  
  
It appeared to me that the first defendants were correct in contending that
the relevant factors outlined above pointed towards the courts of Jakarta as
being the appropriate forum to decide the case. I must state, however, that
the question of witnesses was not overwhelmingly in favour of Jakarta since:

(i) the plaintiffs` witnesses would have to travel in any case whether the
trial was held in Singapore or Jakarta; and

(ii) at least two of the first defendants` witnesses ie the second defendant
and Ms Korompis are resident in Singapore.  
  
Despite the above, it was clear that Singapore`s connection with the case was
slender and there was no way that it could be decided that Singapore was the
natural forum for the disposal of the case.  
  
**_Any circumstances militating against the stay_**

****

Having decided that Jakarta was clearly the more appropriate forum, I had then
to consider whether there were any circumstances which would make it wrong to
grant the stay asked for. I came to the conclusion that in this case, it would
indeed be incorrect to stay the action against the first defendants.  
  
The action had been started against two parties: the principal debtors and
their guarantor. The action against the guarantor, the second defendant, was
advanced and would be heard shortly. He had three defences one of which was
identical with the main defence put forward by the first defendants. When the
case against the second defendant came on for trial, the Singapore court would
have no alternative but to determine whether under Indonesian law the
memoranda are illegal and unenforceable. This is the very same issue that
would be determined in the case in Jakarta between the plaintiffs and the
first defendants if the Singapore action against the latter were stayed. That
meant that there was a real prospect of a different outcome in courts in the
two jurisdictions on the same issue. There were two possibilities in this
regard: the first was that the Singapore court would find that the memoranda
were illegal and therefore that the second defendant was not liable on his
guarantees while the Jakarta found the memoranda to be legal. The alternative
was that the Singapore court would find the memoranda to be legal and the
second defendant liable whilst the Jakarta court found the memoranda to be
illegal. Either result would be highly unsatisfactory in that the second
defendant would be found liable, implicitly or explicitly, in one jurisdiction
and not liable in the other. It was not, in my view, at all desirable to allow
such a prospect to become a reality.  
  
It appeared to me also that it would not inconvenience the first defendants
unduly if they had to fight the case in Singapore. In the first place, two of
their witnesses were here already. Secondly, in order to fight the plaintiffs,
the second defendant would in any case have to bring witnesses from Indonesia
on the issues of legality and the authorisation which he had from the first
defendants to sign the memoranda. These witnesses would be equally available
to testify on behalf of the first defendants without added expense or
inconvenience.  
  
I was satisfied that the unusual features of this case made it correct to deny
a stay to the first defendants notwithstanding that the law governing their
liability was Indonesian law and that, as a rule, Singapore courts prefer not
to rule on issues of foreign law. It appeared to me that it would best suit
the ends of justice if this case were disposed of in one jurisdiction rather
than two especially since there were no additional issues to be disposed of in
Jakarta (the first defendants` defence being encompassed by that of the second
defendant). As proceedings against the second defendant were advanced and he
had not asked for a stay, the Singapore court would in any case have to deal
with the issues and thus it was best that it dealt with the issues vis-Ã -vis
both defendants and not only vis-Ã -vis the second defendant. I thought that
in these circumstances it would be wrong for the court to decline jurisdiction
over the first defendants.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal allowed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Jul 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

