Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## L & M Concrete Specialists Pte Ltd v United Eng Contractors Pte Ltd  
[2000] SGHC 166

Case Number | : | Suit 600131/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 August 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S Bhaskaran (J Koh & Co) for the appellants/plaintiffs; Ramalingam Kasi (Raj Kumar & Rama) for the respondents/defendants   
Parties | : |  L & M Concrete Specialists Pte Ltd — United Eng Contractors Pte Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Agreement – Incorporation of arbitration clause into contract –
Main contractor alleging to incorporation of arbitration clause into contract
– Whether clause incorporated – Waiver of arbitration clause – Party wanting
to rely on arbitration clause previously commencing action in court – Whether
right to arbitration waived  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Arbitration clause – Whether arbitration clause
incorporated into contract  
  

: This was an appeal by the plaintiffs (`L & M`) against the order of the
assistant registrar dismissing L & M`s application for a stay of the
defendants` (`United Eng`) counterclaim. This application was made under s 7
of the Arbitration Act (Cap 10) (referred to as the `Act`). At the material
time, L & M were the main contractors and United Eng were the subcontractors
for two building projects, namely, the `Hilltop Project` and the `Sinsov
Project`. Both projects have since been completed. L & M`s claim against
United Eng in this suit is in respect of structural rectification works
carried out at Hilltops Apartment (`Hilltop Project`).  
  
This action is a continuing saga in a series of actions in court between the
parties. On 2 September 1998 it was United Eng who filed a claim against L & M
(in Suit 1523/98) for the unpaid balance sum in respect of the `Hilltop
Project`. L & M sought a stay of proceedings on the ground that there was a
binding arbitration clause in the `Standard Subcontract` referred to in a
Letter of Award dated 11 October 1996 purportedly agreed by parties. The
assistant registrar granted the application for stay. United Eng appealed
before GP Selvam J who allowed the appeal on the ground that the contract
between parties made no reference to the arbitration clause which L & M were
seeking to rely on. The Letter of Award which was the purported written
agreement between parties and the standard conditions were in such a form that
they required the signatures of the parties to signify their agreement to all
the terms by signing them. These two documents were never signed by United Eng
and they were therefore not bound by them (see **United Eng Contractors Pte
Ltd v L & M Concrete Specialists Pte Ltd** [2000] 2 SLR 196 ).  
  
Subsequently, the matter went for trial and, on 4 February 2000, judgment was
entered in favour of United Eng. L & M`s counterclaim was struck out (for want
of particulars in their pleadings) with liberty to file a fresh suit.
Consequently, to restore that counterclaim, L & M filed this present suit
against United Eng. As part of its defence to this claim, United Eng raised a
counterclaim for moneys due to them by L & M in respect of the `Sinsov
Project`.  
  
For the purposes of this appeal, the relevant contract between parties is that
relating to the `Sinsov Project`, namely, the Letter of Award (`LOA`) dated 23
September 1996. It was not disputed that United Eng accepted the LOA with
minor amendments and duly signed on every page of the LOA and the accompanying
Annexure (detailing the scope of work and the agreed prices) referred to
therein. It was also not disputed that although the LOA referred to the
`Standard Conditions of Subcontract`, that document was never given to United
Eng. Neither was it disputed that this latter document was not signed or
executed by the parties. The arbitration clause relied upon by L & M is found
in cl 17 of the `Standard Sub-Contract (Domestic) For Labour and Materials`.
This document was also an unsigned document. There is neither any reference to
arbitration in the LOA or the accompanying Annexure.  
  
The application by L & M before the assistant registrar to stay proceedings
was made under s 7 of the Act which provides that the court has the power to
stay any legal proceedings provided that first, there is a valid and binding
arbitration agreement between the parties; and, secondly, the applicant had
not taken any other steps in the proceedings.  
  
Further, under s 7(2) of the Act, the court has to be satisfied that the
applicant was at the time when the proceedings were commenced, and still
remains, ready and willing to do all things necessary for the proper conduct
of the arbitration before an order for stay of proceedings can be made.  
  
The two issues before me in this appeal were, first, whether the arbitration
clause in L & M`s standard form contract had been incorporated into the
contract with United Eng, and secondly, if so, had L & M waived their rights
under that clause. Mr, Rama, counsel for United Eng, submitted that United Eng
were unaware of the arbitration clause referred to in the `Standard Conditions
of the Subcontract` at the material time and cannot therefore be bound by it.
He argued that there must be incorporation of the arbitration clause
specifically in the LOA, rather than the mere reference of the existence of
another document, namely, the `Standard Conditions of Subcontract` as in the
present case (see **Manchaster Trust v Furness** [1895] 2 QB 539).  
  
To this end, Mr Rama relied on **_Halsburys` Laws of Singapore
`Arbitration`_** , which recites the proposition that a reference in a
contract to a document containing an arbitration clause constitutes an
arbitration agreement provided that the contract is in writing and the
reference is such as to make that clause part of the contract. He further
added that as an arbitration clause in a contract is considered a separate and
independent agreement, words of its incorporation must be specific. An example
of specific words to be incorporated, as in the case of **The Merak** [1965] P
223[1965] 1 All ER 230, are as follows

> _`including the arbitration clause` or `all the terms, conditions, clauses,
> and exceptions including cl 31 ...` (being one which contains the
> arbitration clause)._

  
  
In the English case of **_The Varenna_** ; **Skips A/S Nordheim & Ors v Syrian
Petroleum Co Ltd & Anor** [1984] QB 599[1983] 3 All ER 645, the Court of
Appeal there held that whilst general words of inclusion may be sufficient to
incorporate terms referred to in another document as part of the contract, an
arbitration clause being a collateral agreement cannot be so incorporated.
This case concerned conditions contained in a charterparty contract which were
to be referentially incorporated into a bill of lading and it was held that
such conditions to be incorporated were only limited to conditions under which
the goods were to be carried and delivered and did not extend to a collateral
term such as an arbitration clause. It is also one of the more recent ones in
a long line of admiralty cases tracing back to **TW Thomas v Portsea SS Co
Ltd** [1912] AC 1.  
  
Mr Bhaskaran for L & M argued otherwise, referring to the case of
**Extrudakerb (Maltby Engineering) Ltd v White Mountain Quarries Ltd** [1996]
CLC 1747[1996] NI 567[1997] ADRLJ 262. In that case the plaintiff there
commenced work pursuant to the defendant`s letter (dated 12 April 1994) which
stated, among other things, that the subcontract `will be FCEC form of sub-
contract`. Both parties were familiar with this standard form of contract and
with the fact that it contained an arbitration clause. The plaintiff commenced
proceedings claiming payment for work done. The defendant sought a stay to
arbitration under s 4 of the Arbitration Act (NI) 1937and the master ordered a
stay. The plaintiff appealed on the ground that the subcontract did not
incorporate an arbitration agreement. Caswell LJ of the High Court of Northern
Ireland held at p 269 that the court must be fully satisfied that it was
indeed the intention of the parties to incorporate the arbitration clause into
the contract, and it would require very clear language to evince that
intention. By reason of the requirement that arbitration agreements have to be
in writing, the nature of such contracts being self-contained, and that clear
language is required for them to be incorporated into a contract, it does not
seem to follow that they must be specifically referred to in the contractual
documents. Caswell LJ approved the following passage from **The Annefield**
[1971] P 168 at p 173:

> _Secondly, it is not necessary, in order to effect incorporation, that the
> incorporating clause should refer expressly to the arbitration clause.
> General words may suffice, depending on the terms of the latter clause._

  
  
This passage was also approved by Gibson LJ in **_Aughton Ltd v MF Kent
Services_** 57 BLR 1. Caswell LJ clearly preferred the approach by Gibson LJ
and Brandon J (in the **_Annefield_** case) to that of Megaw LJ in **_Aughton
Ltd_** who, adopting the admiralty cases, held that distinct and specific
words are required to incorporate an arbitration clause into a contract. The
approach taken by the admiralty courts is founded on two grounds. First, the
admiralty cases concerned the incorporation of the arbitration clause
contained in a charterparty into the bill of lading. The fact that the bill of
lading is akin to a negotiable instrument made it more odious to incorporate a
term (using general words) from an unrelated contract between two possibly
different parties into such an instrument which is likely to bind third
parties who have no knowledge of the charterparty terms. Secondly, as Lord
Gorell indicated in his judgment in the **_Portsea_** case (at p 9), the
effect of an arbitration clause is to oust the jurisdiction of the court, and
`very clear and precise language should be introduced into any contract which
is to have that effect`.  
  
Mr Bhaskaran submitted that United Eng have not shown to the contrary that
there was any other document that L & M could be referring to other than the
one in Chew`s affidavit filed on 11 May 2000 since United Eng never disputed
or asked for a copy of the same. L & M`s intention was to incorporate the
standard terms of the `Standard Sub-Contract (Domestic) For Labour and
Materials`, which have been used for all L & M`s subcontracts in all cases.
Counsel suggested that both documents (ie the LOA and the `Standard Sub-
Contract (Domestic) For Labour and Materials`) were drafted by the lay clients
themselves, they would not have known of the legal implications of not
referring to the same documents by specific wordings. This point fails to
persuade me. It is no more than the oft-rejected `ignorance of the law` plea.  
  
Mr Bhaskaran submitted that as United Eng have signed the LOA, they were
deemed to have accepted the terms contained therein including the `Standard
Conditions of Subcontract` which according to L & M was really the `Standard
Sub-Contract (Domestic) For Labour and Materials`. He cited the case of
**Smith & Anor v South Wales Switchgear Co Ltd** [1978] 1 All ER 18[1978] 1
WLR 165. In this House of Lords decision, the contract was formed by several
documents, one of which was a purchase order which made reference to general
conditions of a particular contract, obtainable on request from the
respondents there. There were three different versions of conditions, which
existed at the material time. The original version was headed `**_General
Conditions of Contract (24001)_** ` and the later versions bore the same
heading with the addition of `**_revised January 1969_** ` and `**_revised
March 1970_** ` respectively. It was held that the original (unrevised)
version had been incorporated into the purchase order as it was the only one
that precisely fitted the description in the purchase order which made no
mention of `**_revised January 1969_** ` or `**_revised March 1970_** `.
Further, the reference in the purchase order clearly showed that the
respondents intended to include the general conditions in the contract. The
appellants did not raise any objection to their incorporation, or question the
terms. In fact, the appellants proceeded to carry out the work upon receipt of
the copy of the January 1969 version. Thus Mr Bhaskaran submitted that L & M`s
case presently was even stronger than the **_South Wales Switchgear_** case.  
  
Mr Rama countered by pointing out that the general conditions referred to in
the purchase order in the **_South Wales Switchgear_** case did not require
execution of any sort unlike the present case. Even if the `Standard
Conditions of Subcontract` sought to be incorporated by L & M into the LOA was
to be a `standard` subcontract as claimed by L & M`s counsel, then `1996`
should not be printed in the so-called subcontract as L & M have been in
existence even prior to 1996.  
  
In respect of the second issue, Mr Bhaskaran submitted that L & M have not
taken any steps in the proceedings, as notwithstanding that they have filed a
reply and defence to counterclaim, they have nonetheless specifically stated
in the defence to counterclaim that the defence was filed `without prejudice`
to L & M`s right to refer the matter to arbitration.  
  
Further, he submitted that L & M only took out an originating summons (478/98)
application but that related to delivery of documents which were not relevant
to the present suit since it concerned a claim for (mainly) labour and
materials. In addition, he did not think that it was appropriate to appoint an
arbitrator solely to resolve the issue of the delivery of documents. Mr Rama
responded by saying that the taking out of the originating summons application
constituted a step in the proceedings and that L & M have waived their rights
to arbitration.  
  
Lastly, Mr Rama submitted that the power to grant a stay is discretionary as s
7 of the Act states that the court `may` order a stay. He urged this court to
consider the fact that United Eng are facing a winding up order and 30 to 40
of its creditors have agreed to a stay of those proceedings pending the
resolution of this matter. Judgment was received from L & M pursuant to the
claim with respect to the `Hilltops Project` in Suit 1523/98 after a trial
before Lai Kew Chai J. A scheme of arrangement has consequently been put into
place. United Eng want to expedite the matter so that their creditors can be
paid and the whole matter concluded. United Eng have also appealed against
part of the decision of Lai Kew Chai J in respect of the judgment sum awarded
as well as L & M`s counterclaim which ought to have been dismissed rather than
struck out with liberty to L & M to commence a fresh suit, which is the
present suit. That appeal has yet to be heard.  
  
I now revert to the main issue before me, namely, whether the arbitration
clause had been properly and adequately incorporated into the contract. I
shall first address the point concerning the conflict of English authorities.
In principle it is not easy to disagree with Caswell LJ`s opinion that if
general words sufficiently reflect the parties` intention to incorporate an
arbitration clause into their contract then those words must be given their
full effect. The difficulty comes in putting principle to practice; in
determining the adequacy of the words used in each case. Although nowadays
other forms of dispute resolutions are no longer perceived as a threat to the
court`s jurisdiction, recourse to the courts remain the default route for
anyone seeking to assert his legal rights. Any agreement to change or deviate
from this avenue must be explicit, and in my view, arbitration clauses like
exemption clauses, must be expressly brought to the attention of the other
contracting party; or as Lord Denning emphasized (in his usual colourful way)
in **Thornton v Shoe Lane Parking Ltd** [1971] 2 QB 163, 170, `In order to
give sufficiency of notice, it would need to be printed in red ink with a red
hand pointing to it - or something equally startling`. The admiralty courts
have come to exact the same degree of strictness where arbitration clauses are
concerned. On my part, I prefer this approach (and that of Megaw LJ in the
**_Aughton_** case), and respectfully disagree with Caswell LJ.  
  
The position of the appellant in the present case before me is, in any event,
far weaker than that of the respective parties in the cases cited to me.
Counsel had not satisfied me that the document L & M relied on was the
document referred to in the contract. In this case, the contract (LOA)
referred to the `Standard Conditions of Subcontract`. The arbitration clause,
on the other hand, was in a document called `Standard Sub-Contract (domestic)
For Labour and Materials`. There is no evidence before me that these two
documents are one and the same. I am, therefore, of the view that the learned
assistant registrar was correct in holding that the arbitration clause was not
incorporated into the contract.  
  
I turn now to the question of whether L & M had taken a step in the
proceedings such as to be taken as a waiver of their right to arbitration.
United Eng`s case is that L & M had committed themselves to proceedings in
court because on 27 April 1998 they (L & M) had taken out an application by
way of OS 478/98 in which they sought various orders including the delivery up
of documents pertaining to the `Sinsov Project` which is the subject matter of
this current counterclaim by United Eng. That originating summons was heard by
Lai Siu Chiu J who made no order on the application but ordered L & M to pay
costs of $2,000.  
  
Mr Bhaskaran submitted that the question must be answered with reference to
the present proceedings only and taking a step in 1998 in another proceedings,
is therefore, irrelevant. In my view, the correct way to consider at this
point is to see whether the originating summons taken out in 1998 related to a
matter of dispute or reference. If it did, then under the said arbitration
clause, the parties must first try and resolve the matter amicably. If they
fail, one party may notify the other in writing that in view of the failed
settlement attempt, they are proceeding to arbitration. It will be seen,
therefore, that if a party disregards the protocol set out in the disputed
arbitration clause by commencing an action in court, he is deemed to have
waived his right to arbitration. I would rule that once this step is taken,
the arbitration clause is no longer binding if the other party accepts it by
contesting the action (as United Eng did). It is thus no longer pertinent to
enquire whether there is any further step taken by L & M in response to United
Eng`s counterclaim. I do not think that parties can invoke the arbitration
clause as and when they please. Once an election has been made and accepted,
the parties may resort to arbitration again only by a subsequent consensus.
Thus, on this ground, L & M`s appeal would also fail.  
  
For the reasons above, the appeal is dismissed. I will hear the question of
costs on another date if parties are unable to agree between themselves.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Aug 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

