Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Lee Lye Hoe  
[2000] SGHC 90

Case Number | : | CC 56/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 May 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jaswant Singh with Toh Yun Cheong for the prosecution; Surian Sidambaram, Tan Lye Huat (Surian & Partners) and Zero Nalpon (Nalpon & Partners) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Lee Lye Hoe   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**GROUNDS OF DECISION**

1\. The accused Lee Lye Hoe was the subject of investigations by officers of
the Central Narcotics Bureau before her arrest. On 11 April 1999 at about 4.45
am ASP Paul Ang Choe Seng and SSgt Yeoh Seng Hock arrived at Dover Road and
kept a lookout for her at Block 31, Dover Road #03-111 ("the flat"). Other
officers joined in the operation later.

2\. At about 6.30 am the accused was observed to come out of the flat onto the
common corridor. At about the same time, a car drove into the driveway below
the flats. The car stopped and a man came out. He took a blue travelling bag
and a large red plastic bag from the car boot and went up the stairs of the
block.

3\. The accused and that man were together briefly at the third floor corridor
near to the stairwell. Then the man left the way he came, and the accused
appeared to be carrying something as she returned to her flat.

4\. The officers moved in on the flat at about 6.45 am. After a brief delay,
the accused let them in. Besides the accused, her two sons, the son’s parents-
in-law, wife and son and a maid were also in the flat. In the master bedroom
occupied by the accused, eight packets were found under the bed when the
bedcover was lifted. Woman Inspector Jenny Tan Yen Yen questioned her about
them and recorded the exchange -

> Q: What are those?
>
> A: Opium.
>
> Q: How many?
>
> A: 8 slabs.
>
> Q: Belong to who?
>
> A: Not mine.
>
> Q: Why in your room?
>
> A: I brought in from outside my home.
>
> Q: Why you bring them into your home?
>
> A: (She refuses to answer the question)

5\. After the contents of the packets were analysed they formed the subject
matter of the charge that the accused faced that she

> On or about the 11th day of April 1999, at or about 6:45 am, at Blk 31 Dover
> Road #03-111, Singapore, did traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class
> "A" of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit,
> by having in (her) possession for the purpose of trafficking 8 slabs of
> substance containing 12,722 grams of opium containing not less than 248.64
> grams of morphine at the aforesaid place without any authorisation under the
> said Act or the regulations made thereunder, and (she has) thereby committed
> an offence under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) and punishable under
> section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185.

6\. The investigations were then taken over by ASP Paschal Rebeira, who
recorded a series of statements from the accused. These statements were
admitted in evidence without objection from her.

_

The cautioned statement

_

7\. In the afternoon of 11 April the investigation officer recorded her
cautioned statement in which she stated

> A Chinese man asked me to keep some packets for him. He told me that he
> would collect the packets from me one or two days later. When I took the
> packets to my master bedroom, I then discovered that the packets were opium.
> I immediately went out of my flat to look for the Chinese man but he had
> already gone. I was thinking whether to call the police or to wait for the
> Chinese man to collect the packets back from me. When the police came, I
> opened the door and led the policemen to my bedroom where the packets were.
> I do not know the name of this Chinese man. I can only recognise him by
> sight. I do not know why this Chinese man handed these packages to me to
> keep for him.

__

The investigation statements

8\. On 13 April, the recording of her investigation statements commenced which
was completed over several days. I will paraphrase the contents of the
statements.

__

Statement of 13 April

9\. On the night of 10 April she received a page on her pager. When she called
back, a man answered in Hokkien who said his name was Ah Tan and that he was a
friend of her husband and asked her to keep something for him. She asked him
what they were but he only said that there were only a few packets, without
saying what they were. Nevertheless she agreed to keep them for him. On the
next morning, which was Sunday 11 April she received a telephone call from
another Chinese man. This man told her that he had the things with him on the
ground floor and was coming up to the third storey but he did not know her
flat. She told him that she would be standing at the door of her flat. She
went outside her door and saw a Chinese man came up the staircase carrying a
blue bag and a red plastic bag. He placed them on the floor and went back down
the stairs without speaking to her.

10\. She took the two bags to her flat and into her bedroom. When she detected
a strong odour of opium she looked into the bags and saw packets wrapped in
brown masking tape. She wrapped the packets in newspapers and put each packet
separately in a plastic bag, and then placed all eight packets under her bed.
At that time she was deciding whether to call the police or wait for Ah Tan to
collect the packets.

__

Statement of 15 April

11\. She wrapped the packets because the odour of opium was becoming
unbearable. After placing the packets under the bed she waited to see if Ah
Tan would call her. If he did not call, she would tell her sons about the
opium when they woke up. A short while later, there was a knock on the door,
and she let the officers in.

12\. Ah Tan had never called her at home or at her stall, and she had only
contacted him once, when she returned his page. He did not offer her any
payment for her help, but promised to collect the packets after a day or two.

13\. When she was shown a photograph of Tan Kok Hwa, she recognised him as a
friend of her late husband, but she added that "I did not know his name as my
husband never introduced him to me and I have never spoken to him. After the
death of my husband he never came by again. I do not know if he was the person
who called me."

_

Statement of 21 April

_

14\. Ah Tan had spoken to her about a week before 10 April. Except that he
told her that he was a friend of her husband, she cannot remember the
conversation they had.

15\. On the night of 10 April she was at a wedding dinner. When she returned
home she found an unfamiliar number on her pager. She called the number and Ah
Tan answered. He told her again he was her husband’s friend and asked her to
keep a few packets for him for a day or two which would be delivered to her
flat in one or two days’ time. Although she asked him what the packets were,
he did not tell her.

__

Statement of 29 April

16\. When the man brought the bags she did not tell him to leave them on the
staircase landing. After she discovered that those packets were opium, she was
waiting for Ah Tan to call her. If he did not call her before her sons woke
up, she would call the police. She did not think of calling Ah Tan although
she could retrieve his telephone number from her pager.

17\. Referring to a photograph of Tan Kok Hwa, she said "… I do not know if
this is the same "Ah Tan" who told me to keep the packages of opium for him.
It could have possibly been some other person by the name of "Ah Tan" who told
me to do this, claiming to be my late husband’s friend."

18\. Some care was taken in recording these statements. Every one of them was
signed by her, and that before each statement was recorded, all the previous
statements were read to her.

19\. From the admissions in these statements, I found that there was a case
for her to enter her defence.

_

The defence

_

20\. The accused is a widow. She stayed with two of her children at the flat,
and was running a seafood stall with her eldest son. She met Tan Kok Hwa whom
she know as Ah Tan when he visited her late husband at the seafood stall. Her
husband told her Ah Tan had a kelong in Changi and was engaged in road
construction.

21\. Ah Tan was a good friend of her husband, who had been kind to her family.
He had lent her husband $40,000 to pay off his gambling debts, given another
loan of $25,000 for them to renovate their flat and provided the funds for her
son’s education in Australia. Her husband had quantified the total debt to Ah
Tan at $82,000. Ah Tan had also proposed going into the restaurant business
with her eldest son, although that was not taken up. He was also instrumental
in getting her and her husband to reconcile after they were divorced.

22\. When her husband (technically her former husband as they did not remarry
after the reconciliation) was alive, he had kept things for Ah Tan in the
flat. Her husband told her that Ah Tan brought the things from Pasir Panjang
and had kept them in their flat because it was closer to Pasir Panjang than
his own home.

23\. During that time, the things were brought to the flat in boxes by Ah Tan
or other persons on his behalf, and this would take place weekly or
fortnightly. Her husband told her that they were dry foodstuff, but she did
not open the boxes to examine them.

24\. Ah Tan continued to keep things with her after her husband’s death. In
February 1999 he telephoned her and asked to keep a few packets in her flat to
be collected in two days. She agreed and a box was sent to the flat of another
son where she was staying at that time. Ah Tan’s worker collected the box from
her two days later.

25\. About one week before her arrest on 11 April Ah Tan spoke to her again
and asked to keep a few packets in the flat again. She asked him how many
packets there would be and what they were, but he only told her that there
would be a few packets.

26\. Ah Tan paged her again on the night of 10 April when she was at a wedding
dinner. When she returned home she returned the call, and found that it was
from Ah Tan. He asked if he could keep a few packets in her flat the following
morning, and she agreed. It was arranged that the person delivering them would
call her when he arrived.

27\. On the morning of 11 April she received a telephone call. The caller told
her that he had some things for her. She instructed him to bring them up to
the third floor lift landing, and then she went out of her flat to meet him.

28\. She saw a Chinese man coming up the stairs with a travelling bag and a
red plastic bag. She asked him if he was sent by Ah Tan to deliver the things,
and he confirmed that. She instructed him to leave them on the floor, and she
carried them back to her bedroom.

29\. The travelling bag had a tear and there was a smell of opium. She
recognised the smell because her husband consumed opium. She was shocked by
the smell and ran out of her flat to look for the man who delivered the bags.
Her intention was to ascertain if he had delivered the wrong things from Ah
Tan and to tell him to take them back. She failed to locate the man, and
returned to her room. By that time the opium smell was becoming unbearably
strong and she was frightened. She realised that Ah Tan wanted to keep the
packets in her flat. She wrapped the packets in newspaper and placed them in
plastic bags to reduce the odour. She tried to wake up her eldest son to talk
to him, but before they could talk, the officers came.

30\. She was frightened when she was questioned by them. She did not answer
when she was asked why she brought the opium into the flat because

> It did occur to me that this was Ah Tan’s things but the person who
> delivered the things was a worker. To make it clear Ah Tan put his things in
> my place but the person who delivered the things was a worker. If I were to
> say these things belong to Ah Tan, what happens if it did not belong to him?
> This is drug. If this drug did not belong to Ah Tan, if I say this belongs
> to Ah Tan, what happens if Ah Tan was not the owner of these things? I was
> frightened then and I did not know how should I reply. So I dare not say
> anything.

31\. She was referred by her counsel to her cautioned statement. She said she
was frightened when she made it and had mentioned one man when there were two
men, Ah Tan and the man who made the delivery.

32\. When she made the statement, she was certain in her mind that Ah Tan was
involved with the opium. Nevertheless she did not mention Ah Tan in the
statement because she could not bring herself to mention his name and wanted
Ah Tan to admit his own involvement because he was a good friend of her
husband.

33\. She was next referred to the statement of 13 April. She said that the
statement was wrong where it stated that in the telephone conversation of the
night of 10 April Ah Tan identified himself as Ah Tan, a friend of her
husband.. She also corrected that part of the statement where she said that
she did not talk to the man who delivered the packets. She also explained that
she did not mention going outside the flat to look for the man because she had
forgotten that when she made the statement.

34\. With regard to the statement of 15 April she admitted she was wrong in
saying that Ah Tan had never called her at home or at her stall but she could
not explain why she made this misstatement.

35\. She also admitted that she was not telling the truth when she stated that
she did not know Tan Kok Hwa’s name and had never spoken to him because her
husband did not introduce them, and when she that she did not know if he was
the person who called her on 10 April. She also could not explain why she made
those misstatements.

36\. Next her counsel referred her to her statement of 21 April. She corrected
the account of her conversations with Ah Tan the week before 10 April and on
10 April. Ah Tan did not say that he was a good friend of her husband. Again,
she could not explain why she made the misstatement.

37\. She went on to say that the statement was also wrong where she said that
she did not tell the man delivering the bags to place them on the staircase
landing because she had told him to leave them there, but again she was not
able to explain why she said that in the statement. She was also unable to
explain why she did not disclose the conversation she had with that man.

38\. She was then referred to her statement that after she discovered that the
bags contained opium, she waited for Ah Tan’s call and if Ah Tan did not call
before her sons woke up, she would call the police. She confirmed to her
counsel that she had that intention, and she would have told the police there
was opium in her house that Ah Tan had left them for her to keep, and she
would tell them about Ah Tan and what she knew about him so that they can find
and arrest him. She explained that she did not do that in the investigation
statement of 21 April because she knew Ah Tan was arrested by that time and
she was hoping that he would admit his connection to the drugs on his own.

39\. Her attention was drawn to the fact that when Inspector Jenny Tan
questioned her before she knew of Ah Tan’s arrest, she did not say anything
about Ah Tan. Her counsel asked why she did not, her answer was "I cannot
recall. I can’t think of it."

40\. When she was cross-examined by the prosecutor the next day, the accused
did a complete turn around and said that she had not thought of calling the
police and that her previous evidence was untrue.

41\. The matter became more confused during re-examination. She changed her
position again; she affirmed that she had intended to call the police, and
that her evidence in cross-examination that she had no intention of calling
the police was not the truth. Her explanation for the confusion was "I had
intention to call for police and I cannot understand why I gave a different
answer to the prosecutor when the question was asked."

42\. Her two sons who were in the flat during the raid gave evidence which did
not relate to the main issues of the trial. Tan Kok Hwa and Lim Beng Soon, who
delivered the two bags were not called as witnesses by the prosecution or the
defence although both of them were available.

_

Evaluation of the evidence

_

43\. The accused was in possession of the packets in her bedroom. By her
evidence she also knew they were opium when she became aware of the opium
odour. Apart from bringing them into her bedroom, she wrapped them with
newspapers and placed them in plastic bags. She did not call Ah Tan to
complain about the opium, or insist that he took them away.

44\. On these facts, a presumption arose under section 17 of the Misuse of
Drugs Act that she had the drugs in her possession for the purpose of
trafficking. The critical issue was whether she had rebutted it.

45\. Her defence was that the drugs did not belong to her and that she had
only agreed to store some packets for Ah Tan, that she only knew they were
opium after she took possession of them and that she was not willing to keep
opium for Ah Tan.

46\. There was no reason to disbelieve her disclaimer of ownership. Her
evidence that Ah Tan had stored things in her flat was not disputed. However,
that was not sufficient to exonerate her from culpability. Ownership is not a
necessary element of trafficking. Persons who transport drugs for others as
well as those who hold drugs as bailees for their owners are also culpable –
see _Sze Siew Luan v PP_ [1997] 2 SLR 522.

47\. The crucial question was whether the accused was a knowing bailee of the
opium. She said that Ah Tan did not tell her that the bags contained opium.
She also said that she was surprised to find the opium, and intended to call
the police just before her flat was raided.

48\. If she was an unwilling bailee, one would expect her to take every
opportunity to protest her innocence and disclose how Ah Tan had induced her
into keeping the packets for him. Her behaviour in the bedroom , and during
the raid and the investigations did not bear that out.

49\. She said that when she realised that the bags contained opium, she went
out of the flat to look for the man who had delivered them. This was reflected
in her cautioned statement, but not in her investigation statements where she
gave a detailed account of the events of that morning. She said that they did
not speak when he made the delivery, but her evidence in court was that after
he confirmed that Ah Tan sent him and she told him to leave the bags at the
staircase landing.

50\. The opium was in her room for about 15 minutes before the raid. There was
time for her to call Ah Tan, or to take the drugs back to the staircase
landing where the man had left them. Instead, she took them out of the bags,
wrapped them and put them under the bed and bedcover.

51\. If she had intended to report her discovery to the police, Inspector
Jenny Tan gave her the opportunity for her to mention Ah Tan and his request
to store his things in her flat, but she remained silent when asked how the
opium came to be in the room.

52\. Even after she was charged with trafficking she still failed to mention
Ah Tan in her cautioned statement. When she eventually mentioned Ah Tan in her
investigation statements, she was still not telling all that she knew. She
refused to identify Tan Kok Hwa as Ah Tan and she did not reveal that he was a
good friend of her family, but described him as someone who had to identify
himself to her as a friend of her late husband.

53\. What she said in the flat, during the investigations and in court was
marked with inconsistencies, contradictions and unanswered questions. It did
not present a picture of a person who had unwittingly stored drugs in her
house and was anxious to explain her innocence by telling the plain truth.

54\. Her counsel took considerable pains to get her to explain and resolve the
inconsistencies and I gave him and her all the leeway to do that. Despite the
effort and the indulgence, she did not present a consistent account of the
events. Instead she contradicted and retracted her own evidence, and failed to
explain the misstatements she made. After reviewing her evidence, I found she
had not given credible evidence that supported her innocence and that she had
not rebutted the presumption on a balance of probabilities.

55\. In those circumstances, I found her guilty and convicted her on the
charge and imposed the mandatory sentence on her.

Kan Ting Chiu

Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 May 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

