Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gaughan v Straits Instrumentation Pte Ltd and Another  
[2000] SGHC 28

Case Number | : | Suit 419/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 February 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lisa Sam (Donaldson & Burkinshaw) for the Plaintiff; David Khong (Wendy Wong & Partners) for the first defendants; Muthu Arusu (Allen & Gledhill) for the second defendants   
Parties | : |  Gaughan — Straits Instrumentation Pte Ltd; Another   
  
Employment Law – Employees’ duties – Duty to provide sufficient instructions
on parameters of job – Extent of duty  
  
Employment Law – Employers’ duties – Duty to devise safe system of work for
performance of work done by independent contractors  
  
Employment Law – Employers’ duties – Employee-supervisor assisting persons
being supervised – Whether such act outside course of supervisor's employment
– Whether supervisor under obligation to assist  
  
Tort – Negligence – Whether plaintiff's injuries caused by negligence of first
defendants' workers  
  
Tort – Negligence – Whether employee acted within course of his employment –
Whether employers liable for breach of duty  
  

: **_Synopsis_**  
  
The second defendants are a ship owning and operating company incorporated in
the United Kingdom. The plaintiff entered their employ in 1982 as a junior
radio officer. By 1996, the plaintiff had attained the rank of second officer
(radio) and in April 1996, the second defendants assigned him to take up this
position aboard their vessel `Cardigan Bay`.  
  
In May 1996, the vessel was dry-docked at Sembawang Shipyard Ltd, Singapore,
for the purpose of modifying the main mast in order to qualify the vessel to
undertake the American trade. The main contractors for the works were
Sembawang Shipyard Ltd (`Sembawang`) and they in turn employed the first
defendants, another Singapore company, as sub-contractors to carry out various
portions of the works.  
  
The works included the removal of all aerials, lighting and equipment
(including the radar) from the main mast, the subsequent modification of that
mast and the re-siting and re-fitting of the objects removed onto the modified
mast. The plaintiff had been asked by the second defendants` superintendent,
Mr Alan Turtle, to `oversee` the mast modifications. His job was to ensure
that the equipment was not damaged by the first defendants in the course of
removal or re-siting.  
  
One of the items which had to be taken off the mast was a radar antenna. This
work was undertaken on 27 May 1996. The first stage of the work was the
removal of the nuts and bolts of the antenna. This was done by two of the
first defendants` workers, Lim and Letchumanan (`Letchu`). They then attached
strops to the antenna and attached it to a dock-side crane. The plaintiff
provided a guide rope for the lowering operation and directions to the shore
crane were given by the first defendants` foreman, one Ramasamy (also known as
Raja), who was at the starboard bridge wing.  
  
The radar antenna was lowered onto the starboard bridge wing by the crane. It
then had to be moved into the wheelhouse for storage while the mast
modification works were undertaken. It was a long narrow piece of equipment
but heavy, weighing approximately 186 kg. Its heaviest portion was the middle
where the motor was attached.  
  
The only way of moving the antenna into the wheelhouse was to physically carry
it in. It was generally agreed that four men were needed for this job. The
plaintiff`s story is that the first defendants had only three workers
available at the time and that he stood in as the fourth man and assisted them
in the lift. He also directed the operation. It took two lifts to get the
antenna into the wheelhouse. At the end of the second lift, the antenna was
placed next to the chart table. The plaintiff then initiated a third lift in
order to reposition the antenna slightly. According to him, on this final
lift, two of the first defendants` workers failed to lift or take any of the
weight. Upon lowering the equipment back to the deck, the plaintiff felt a
severe pain in his lower back.  
  
The plaintiff`s pain continued over the next few days. On 1 June 1996, he
visited the shipyard clinic and was given some painkillers and a deep heat rub
by the doctor in charge. The plaintiff continued to work on board the vessel
throughout the period that it remained in dry-dock and during its post dry-
dock voyage to New York. This was despite his severe back pain, discomfort and
worsening sciatic pain from the time of the accident. On 5 August 1996, the
plaintiff left the ship and was flown home to the United Kingdom from New
York.  
  
The day after he arrived home, the plaintiff saw his general practitioner who
thought he was suffering from a hamstring pain. The pain persisted, however,
and on 23 August 1996, the plaintiff was declared unfit for duty.
Subsequently, he was referred for physiotherapy. The physiotherapy started in
October 1996 but did not relieve the plaintiff`s pain. In November and
December 1996, he was given lumbar epidural injections. Thereafter he had
physiotherapy and, by March 1997, he had improved sufficiently to be declared
fit for work.  
  
On 8 April 1997, the plaintiff rejoined Cardigan Bay. He worked on board
Cardigan Bay until July 1997 and then joined another vessel belonging to the
second defendants. On 24 March 1998, whilst he was on leave from the
subsequent vessel he was involved in a road accident. This caused a flare up
of his previous symptoms and over the ensuing months he was unable to go back
to work and underwent a great deal of medical treatment. On 9 November 1998,
the plaintiff was found permanently unable to meet medical fitness standards
for the Merchant Marine due to recurrent lower back pain. The plaintiff
retired from the Merchant Marine from 1 December 1998.  
  
The plaintiff instituted this action on 15 March 1999. He alleges that his
back injury was caused by the negligence of the first defendants and/or of
that of the second defendants. As regards the first defendants, he relies on
the negligence of their workers in the lifting procedure which resulted in his
injury. As for the second defendants, his contention is that they were
negligent in failing to devise or operate a safe system of work and thereby
exposed him to the foreseeable risk of injury from the carrying operation.  
  
**_Issues_**

****

There are both factual and legal issues to be decided. The factual findings I
have to make relate to what actually happened on 27 May 1996 and whether, and
if so, how, these events led to an injury to the plaintiff`s back. The legal
issues arise more in relation to the second defendants and revolve around the
question of whether they were in breach of their duty to provide the plaintiff
with a safe system of work.  
  
The starting point is the fact that the vessel was placed in dry-dock for the
purpose of mast modification works to be effected by Sembawang and their sub-
contractors, the first defendants. Among the jobs sub-contracted to the first
defendants was job No 1841 which required them to mark and remove all the
electrical fittings and cables on the main mast so as to facilitate the
renewal of the main mast. On completion of the mast renewal, the first
defendants were to re-locate all the electrical fittings and cables on the
mast. The plaintiff was not shown this work order but he was aware of the
first defendants` role. To quote his own affidavit: `the first defendants and
their servants or agents were off-shore contractors appointed to make various
modifications that had to be effected on the main mast involving the removal
of all aerials, lighting and equipment (including radars) and the re-siting
and fitting of the same onto the new mast`.  
  
As for the plaintiff`s own role, in his affidavit he stated that he had been
instructed to oversee the main mast modification at dry-dock by Mr Alan Turtle
(dry-dock superintendent) and Mr Brian Mullan (electrical superintendent) both
employees of the second defendants. There was a lot of important work to do in
the dry-dock involving all the electrical equipment on the main mast and Mr
Mullan had personally selected him for the dry-dock voyage. In court, the
plaintiff added that he had been told that his job was a hands-on job and that
he should `get stuck-in`. He also agreed that his role was to ensure that the
equipment was not damaged by the first defendants` workers during the
operations.  
  
**_Did the second defendants instruct the plaintiff to lift the equipment?_**  
  
The first factual issue that arises is whether the plaintiff was instructed by
the second defendants to participate in the lifting of the equipment. The
plaintiff`s affidavit did not make such a direct allegation. There he said
that the master of the vessel, Captain Lax, and himself, had agreed that the
antenna must be placed in the wheelhouse so that it would not be damaged by
general dry-dock activities. He said that the overall distance that the
antenna had to be moved was approximately 20 feet and that it had to be lifted
over the sill and through the wheelhouse door. While the antenna itself was
not particularly heavy, the attached motor/turning mechanism was considerably
heavier and the shape and length of the equipment made it difficult to
manoeuvre. He then went on to state that three workers of the first defendants
had assisted him in the lifts and to describe the procedure adopted in the
lifts. The affidavit did not mention of exactly how he had come to participate
in the lifting exercise.  
  
The plaintiff amplified this evidence considerably during cross-examination.
He asserted in court that the issue of placing the antenna in the wheelhouse
had been raised by him again with the master and had been discussed three
times in all: the first time when the decision to put it in the wheelhouse was
made and the next two times on 27 May itself, both before and after the
antenna was brought down from the mast. He was asked when the agreement
referred to in his affidavit on the placing of the antenna had first been
made. His reply was that Captain Lax had spoken to him shortly after the
vessel arrived in dry-dock, maybe around 17 May, to say that the antenna
should be stowed in the wheelhouse.  
  
The plaintiff went on to say that this instruction to stow the equipment in
the wheelhouse had been repeated to him on the morning of the lift by Captain
Lax. He had spoken to the captain on the bridge wing at the time when the
strops were being attached to the antenna in order to bring it down onto the
deck. At that point he asked the master whether the antenna could go ashore to
be stored in a warehouse. The answer was no. Then, once the antenna had been
placed on the bridge wing, he had gone to look for the captain to discuss its
stowage. When he found the captain in the wheelhouse five minutes later, the
captain said that the first defendants` workers would give him a hand to move
the equipment into the wheelhouse, thus implying that the master had already
spoken to the workers whilst the plaintiff had been looking for him.  
  
The master`s evidence was different. He was not sure whether he had informed
the plaintiff in the first place that the equipment was to be installed in the
wheelhouse. He said that this instruction would have been given to the
plaintiff either by himself or by Mr Turtle or by the chief engineer, Mr
McLean. He was, however, certain that he did not speak with the plaintiff
again on this issue on 27 May 1996 or that on that day the plaintiff had made
any suggestion to him to have the equipment brought ashore or sent to Kelvin
Hughes, the manufacturer, for an overhaul.  
  
Both the defendants submitted that the plaintiff`s evidence on the two
conversations with the master on 27 May including the instruction to
participate in the lift should not be believed. They pointed out that neither
of these alleged conversations had been mentioned in the statement of claim,
his affidavit of evidence in chief or in the opening statement even though he
had been thinking of taking legal action against the second defendants from as
early as the end of 1996 when his memory of what had happened would have been
much fresher and his recollections could have been noted down for later use.
Further, before he went into the witness-box, the plaintiff`s case was that as
the second officer (radio), it was part of his duty to ensure that the
equipment was not damaged by dry-dock activities and, as it was put in his
opening statement, at all material times he was directed by his employer to
ensure that their expensive equipment was safe and undamaged by dry-dock
activities. In view of what the plaintiff was suing for, it was significant
that there was no mention of the alleged direct instruction that he should
carry the antenna into the wheelhouse with the assistance of the first
defendants` workers. Neither did he in his correspondence with the second
defendants before starting the action, mention that he had been injured
because he had complied with the master`s instructions to carry the equipment.  
  
I had difficulty believing the plaintiff on this aspect of his evidence. Quite
apart from the fact that his responses could have sprung from his realisation
that I found factual deficiencies in the formulation of his case (as I pointed
out to his counsel during her presentation of the plaintiff`s opening
statement), the plaintiff`s account of what had happened on 27 May and why he
had found it necessary to speak to the master twice that day on the movement
of the antenna was not coherent or probable.  
  
The plaintiff was not able to explain why he needed to speak with Captain Lax
twice that morning on the storage of the equipment in the wheelhouse when such
instruction had already been given to him around 17 May 1996. The plaintiff
had agreed that once the captain had made a decision it was not open to him to
question that decision. As a good officer (a description both he and the
second defendants would agree applied to the plaintiff) it was improbable that
he should thereafter have continued to press the point about taking the
equipment ashore. He was not able to offer any satisfactory explanation,
either, as to why he needed to seek Captain Lax`s instruction for the third
time after the equipment was brought down onto the bridge wing. The
plaintiff`s explanation for this third conversation was that he was not re-
opening the issue of the storage area but simply seeking the captain`s
direction on how the antenna was to be moved into the allotted room. This was
an improbable explanation. The plaintiff clearly knew that it was the job of
the first defendants to dismantle the equipment and move it from the main mast
onto the bridge wing. Yet he claimed that he had no understanding at all as to
who was to move the equipment from the bridge wing into the wheelhouse. As Mr
Khong for the first defendants pointed out, if the plaintiff had had any
doubts on this issue, he would have asked Captain Lax about it on 17 May or,
at the latest, when he allegedly had the second conversation on the bridge
wing whilst waiting for the dockside crane to lower the antenna from the mast.
Thus even if I accept the second conversation took place, the third was
completely unnecessary and cannot have happened.  
  
It also seemed to me unlikely that the master, knowing that contractors had
been employed by the second defendants for the specific purpose of doing the
modification works, would have told the plaintiff, a specialist officer, to
assist the contractors` workers in such a manual operation. As Captain Lax
testified, the plaintiff was not expected to lift the equipment by himself as
it was too large. Neither would he be expected to lift it with assistance. In
the context of the works and the existing contractual situation it was the
contractors only who would be expected to do the lifting as the shifting of
the antenna was an integral part of their job specification. The fact that the
master did not specifically tell the plaintiff not to do the lifting himself
is irrelevant. I agree with the submission that the plaintiff had invented
this third conversation with Captain Lax in order to support his case that he
had participated in the lift on the master`s instructions.  
  
I therefore find that no direct instructions were given to the plaintiff by
the second defendants to physically participate in the lift. His job, as he
was well aware, was to oversee the work of the first defendants` workers in
order to ensure that the equipment was not damaged. This might have involved
him in giving directions or assistance from time to time (as he did when he
provided the workers with a guideline to be attached to the antenna for the
lowering from the mast) or in stopping them from doing anything that he could
anticipate might lead to damage to the equipment but it would not have
required him to take an active part in moving the equipment from place to
place.  
  
**_Did the plaintiff participate in the lift?_**  
  
There is a direct conflict of evidence between the plaintiff and the first
defendants on what happened during the actual movement of the equipment.  
  
The plaintiff`s account was contained in paras 6 to 8 of his affidavit. He
said that three workers of the first defendants assisted him to lift the
equipment on his signal. He would say `one, two, three, lift` and the
operation would commence. However, there was no direct order for the lift to
cease. Any one of the party taking part would indicate the strain and the
others would lower the equipment back to the deck. Two lifts were done in this
manner: the first from the bridge wing to the wheelhouse door and the second
was through the wheelhouse door up to the chart table.  
  
The third lift, the one that caused the plaintiff`s injury, was when the
equipment was re-positioned slightly so that it caused the least obstruction.
According to the plaintiff, at all times he used the correct lifting posture,
having the knees bent with his back straight and keeping the load as close to
his body as possible. However, on the final lift, two of the first defendants`
workers failed to lift or take any of the weight. Upon lowering the equipment
back to the deck, the plaintiff felt a severe pain in his lower back. The
workers then slapped their friend (who lifted) on his back with big smiles on
their faces as though they found something amusing.  
  
In cross-examination, the plaintiff gave a more detailed account of the
lifting operation. He said that the antenna was taken into the wheelhouse
immediately after he had spoken to the captain on the third occasion. When he
left the wheelhouse, he saw Raja and his two workers waiting around the
antenna. They were getting ready to lift, taking up their positions and
flexing their muscles and the plaintiff came along and took up his position,
at one corner of the equipment with his back to the wheelhouse. Next to him
was, most probably, Letchu and opposite him at the far end was Mr Lim. The
plaintiff then said `We will put it in the wheelhouse, next to the chart
table`. He did not give them instructions on the method of lifting as they
appeared ready and simply waiting for him. He then said `One, two, three,
lift`.  
  
The men lifted the equipment by its four corners. Once lifted, the base of the
equipment was about six inches off the ground but the plaintiff was not able
to see it because the antenna blocked his view. On the first lift, the
equipment was moved about 7 or 8 feet and then lowered to the deck. The
plaintiff was halfway through the door at that point and he and the worker on
his left-hand side were the first to enter the wheelhouse door.  
  
The third lift was undertaken completely within the wheelhouse and it was a
small movement of the equipment so that the pedestal was closer to the
electrical cabinet. For this third lift, the four men were still position at
the respective ends of the antenna. As far as the plaintiff could recall, Lim,
the old balding Chinese man was at the other end and Letchu (whom he described
as not being Chinese but possibly Malaysian) was next to him. The plaintiff
identified Lim as being the only worker who had lifted with him on the third
lift. He was asked whether the two workers who failed to lift were Raja and
Letchu and his reply was that as far as he remembered the other two were
Letchu and Raja but he could not recall whether Ah Tai, another Chinese man
employed by the first defendants, was one of the two workers who failed to
lift on the third lift.  
  
During the third lift, the equipment was moved approximately 6 inches to the
right of the plaintiff. The plaintiff said that, this time, it appeared to him
by the increased load that the person on his left and one of the workers at
the other end had failed to take some of the load or all of the load. He was
not able to see whether these persons had not lifted at all or whether they
had tried to lift but had not taken the load. After the equipment was lowered,
the person on the plaintiff`s left walked along the length of the antenna and
he and other worker slapped Lim on the back. The plaintiff took a moment to
catch his breath and then went to speak to Raja. By this time some of the
workers who had lifted were at the wheelhouse door putting on their work
shoes. Raja informed the plaintiff that the men would return the next day. The
plaintiff did not say much as he was in pain and he did not complain to Raja
about the two workers having failed to take on any weight. This was because he
was embarrassed.  
  
The first defendants` position was that the plaintiff did not participate in
any of the three lifts. In his first affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Raja
stated that as the foreman of the first defendants, he had full control and
supervision of the first defendants` workers and the manner in which the work
were carried out. He said that the first defendants used a dockside crane to
bring the antenna down from the mast on to the starboard bridge wing. He was
then instructed by one of the ship`s staff to move the antenna into the
wheelhouse. This was done by his workers and himself without the assistance of
the plaintiff. There was no reason for the plaintiff to assist since the four
of them were then able to move the radar antenna themselves over the short
distance of 15 metres. Neither he nor his workers requested the plaintiff to
help them with the move.  
  
At para 11 of his first affidavit, Raja stated that the first defendants were
not aware of the existence of the plaintiff until the writ of summons for this
action was served on them. In a subsequent affidavit however, Raja corrected
that statement. He said that he was in court on the first day of the trial
when the plaintiff took the stand. Having had sight of the plaintiff, he
recalled that the plaintiff was on board the vessel when she was dry-docked
and when he and his workers were on board carrying out the works.  
  
On the stand, Raja gave more details on how the lifting operation was
undertaken. He said that he was the one who gave directions for the lifting
operation. He described the positions of the four men as follows: two of his
workers were holding on to the centre near the turning mechanism, the heaviest
place. The other worker and Raja himself were facing the first two at the
opposite side of the centre. All of them were holding on to the metal bracket
that was bolted on to the scanner of the antenna.  
  
Raja testified that he and his workers did not have a system for lifting but
that they had practised lifting together. When they were tired they would put
down the object. No one would give an order to start lifting. In this case
there were three lifts. During the first lift the antenna was brought close to
the wheelhouse door. It was put down because it could not go through the door.
Part of the scanner was in the wheelhouse and the mechanism was resting on the
sill. Two of the workers then went into the wheelhouse and picked up the
antenna from there. Then they all lifted it into the wheelhouse and put it
down. Then they lifted it up again and put it in front of the chart table and
slowly two of the men adjusted one side of the antenna and then the two at the
other end adjusted their end. When the adjustments were done the men were no
longer standing at the middle of the antenna but were standing at the two
opposite ends.  
  
During cross-examination, Raja was told that it had been suggested in court
that two persons at each end could lift the antenna at either end. His
response was that to his knowledge, this could not be done. It was not
possible because the scanner was made of fibreglass, a very light material,
and the heavy motor mechanism was located in the centre of the scanner. The
antenna could not be lifted by its ends and had to be lifted at the point
where the weight was located, otherwise the wings of the scanner might crack.  
  
**_The first two lifts_**  
  
When assessing which of the two conflicting versions is the true one, the
first point to be decided is how many workers of the first defendants were
available to do the job that morning. It is not disputed that generally in
relation to the works the plaintiff worked on a daily basis with four workers
from the first defendants. These were the foreman (whom the plaintiff
identified as Raja), Lim (whom the plaintiff described as an older, balding
Chinese man), Letchu (whom the plaintiff thought was possibly Malay but
definitely not Chinese) and Ah Tai (whom the plaintiff knew to be Chinese and
a welder).  
  
Raja`s evidence is that all four members of the team were available for the
shifting operation. At the beginning, Letchu and Lim were on the mast, undoing
the nuts and bolts, while Ah Tai and Raja were at the starboard bridge wing
waiting for the radar to come down. Raja was directing the operation and Ah
Tai was welding some brackets at the side of the bridge wing. The plaintiff
recalled the situation slightly differently. He remembered that Raja and Lim
were on the mast to remove the nuts and bolts. At that time he himself was
standing on the scaffolding. He also thought there was another worker on the
mast, possibly Letchu. He was then asked whether he was aware at the time that
the first defendants were carrying out some welding work on the bridge wing.
His immediate reply was `Yes. That would have been Ah Tai`. This confirmed
Raja`s evidence about Ah Tai`s location although immediately thereafter the
plaintiff tried to water down the admission:

> _
>
> Q: At the point of time when the antenna was brought down from the main
> mast, the first defendants` foreman and three workers were on the vessel.
>
> A: I was aware that Raja and Lim and possibly one more were up the mast.
> With regards to the welding, don`t know if the welding was going on that
> particular day. In dry-dock there was welding going on around the clock. So
> with regard to Ah Tai welding, couldn`t say for certain if he was welding at
> that time.
>
> _

  
  
It would be noted, however, even then the plaintiff was not willing to
categorically deny Ah Tai`s presence on the bridge wing.  
  
It was also interesting to note the lengths to which the plaintiff went to
explain why he had to take part in the lifting operation rather than get
anyone else to replace the missing worker from the first defendants` team. The
plaintiff was asked whether he had determined that four people were able to
perform the lift. His reply was that he thought that four people were the
minimum for the lift and that was the only number that was available to him at
the time. He agreed that he would have been able to see the chief engineer or
any deck officer to requisition help from other crew members but said that in
this case there was no time to do that because he had the impression that the
captain wanted the radar moved straightaway as it was then lunch time and the
first defendants` workers wanted to go for lunch. When it was put that the
move could have been effected after lunch, his reply was that it could not
because the first defendants were not coming back after lunch and some of the
Filipino crew members were working only half a day, thereby reducing the
ship`s staff considerably. When he was asked how many people were left on
board, however, his answer was that he did not know. None of this evidence,
which would have been material to explain why the plaintiff was doing what on
the face of it did not appear to be his task, appeared in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief. It was also not put by his counsel to Mr Raja that his
workers had wanted to rush off for lunch and would not be back that afternoon.
Nor was it put to Captain Lax that there was no one else available from the
crew to help in the lift because some crew members were on half a day.  
  
Quite apart from my doubt as to the necessity for the plaintiff`s
participation to enable the carrying operation, I find it difficult to accept
his description of what had happened during the first two lifts. The
plaintiff`s account that the four men including him were positioned at the
four corners of the radar seems unlikely. The width of the antenna at each end
was one foot and it would be difficult if not impossible for two persons to
stand next to each other at either end in order to carry the antenna in the
wheelhouse. Moreover, the weight was in the middle, and lifting it up from the
ends would have been harder to do than lifting it up from the centre and would
also have exposed the antenna to the risk of cracking at the ends. Further,
there was a two and half inch sill that had to be traversed at the doorway and
if the men had been located at either end they would not have been able to see
the base of the antenna which would have made traversing the sill harder.  
  
The plaintiff was asked how two persons could stand next to each other and
lift the antenna up by the foot-long end. His answer was that they would have
to be on each corner and that in his description of where people had been
lifting, he was trying to get across to the court that the people at the ends
were looking down the length of the radar and that each person lifting had one
hand under the end of the radar and the other along the length. It was put to
him that if that was correct, there would be a twist to the back and that
could not be the correct lifting procedure since the back would have to be
straight in any lifting operation. His answer was that the back would be
straight with the hands in that position. He was then asked questions about
manoeuvring through the doorway which was, as he recalled, only about 30
inches wide. He disagreed that to get such awkward equipment through such a
narrow a doorway one person had to be free to direct the manoeuvre through the
doorway and into the wheelhouse. The plaintiff asserted that in the lifting
manner that he had described with a man on the corner, with just a short twist
of his head he would be able to see where he was going and even the two inch
sill would be easily seen by the two people in front with a slight twist of
their heads. He denied that there was a fifth person who directed the movement
into the wheelhouse and that that fifth person was himself. Instead he said
that he helped direct the operation from the right corner of the radar closer
to the door. I did not find the plaintiff`s account credible.  
  
The plaintiff`s description of how the operation was performed did not gel
with the physical attributes of the equipment, principally its length, narrow
ends and substantial weight in the middle or with the narrow passageway which
had to be traversed. It is impossible for two persons standing shoulder to
shoulder to move together through a 30 inch doorway. This may, however, be
done by four persons standing sideways. The account given by Raja of how the
equipment was taken from the bridge wing into the wheelhouse was much more
plausible bearing in mind the physical characteristics of the equipment and
the nature of the area traversed particularly in relation to his description
of how it was moved through the doorway and how his workers put it down on the
sill and then went into the wheelhouse and picked it up from the portion that
was inside the wheelhouse in order to complete the move.  
  
I do not believe that the plaintiff participated in the first two lifts. He
did not need to do so since with Raja`s participation the first defendants had
sufficient men on site to accomplish the carrying operation without the
plaintiff`s assistance. Raja testified that he and his men were practised in
carrying radars. No doubt was cast on this testimony by the plaintiff. Indeed
he asserted that Raja had told him of this on the morning of the lift itself.
Since Raja knew what to do in moving the equipment and since he had sufficient
men on hand for the job, there was no reason for him either to ask the
plaintiff to be involved or to accept any offer of assistance from the
plaintiff.  
  
It is also noteworthy that Raja testified that one of the ship`s officers had
directed the movement into the wheelhouse although he did not identify this
person as being the plaintiff. It appears to me that such directions would
have been required due to the presence of the sill, the small and crowded area
of the wheelhouse (other items had already been placed inside it for storage
during the works) and the awkward dimensions of the antenna itself. The
logical person to undertake the directing would have been the plaintiff who
had the responsibility of ensuring that the workers did not damage the
equipment and who had already assisted slightly in the lowering operation. I
consider that in all probability the plaintiff`s participation in the first 2
lifts consisted of giving directions to the lifting team. The plaintiff`s own
evidence did support Raja`s recollection of an officer-director since he did
assert that he had directed the lifting operation, only he said he had done so
from his position on a corner of the antenna wing rather than from inside the
wheelhouse.  
  
**_The third lift_**  
  
To an extent, whether the plaintiff actually participated in the first two
lifts is irrelevant since his allegation was that he was injured on the third
lift. Even if he had only participated in this last movement, if it had caused
his injury, he might have a case against either or both defendants depending
on how the injury was sustained. The defendants deny he participated in the
third lift or that his back problems had anything to do with the movement of
the radar.  
  
There is not such a glaring contrast between the plaintiff`s description of
how the third lift was conducted and that given by Raja. There were, however,
some significant differences. Although both men said that for the third
movement the four persons involved were located at the ends of the equipment,
two to each end, the plaintiff`s description was of an intended simultaneous
lift by all four to move the pedestal of the antenna closer to the electrical
cabinet. Raja, on the other hand, said that each pair of men adjusted their
end of the antenna separately and thus at any one time only two of them were
lifting the antenna. The object of this exercise was to put it closer to the
chart table so that it would not be an obstruction.  
  
Who is to be believed? On the one hand, the plaintiff was very clear that he
first experienced pain after being involved in adjusting the position of the
radar within the wheelhouse. This part of his story is supported by almost
contemporaneous evidence. There is a documentary record that starts with the
plaintiff`s visit to the Sembawang doctor on 1 June 1996. He told that doctor
that he had been involved in carrying heavy objects one week before his visit.
Then on his visit to his general practitioner in August 1996, the history
recorded was that two months previously the plaintiff had lifted a heavy
weight while working in dry-dock and had sustained a lumbar sprain and since
then had had intermittent twinges of pain in his right thigh. Next, in a
letter dated 10 October 1996 to the fleet personnel manager of the second
defendants informing the latter of his current medical condition, the
plaintiff mentioned that whilst he was on board the Cardigan Bay during her
time in dry-dock, his back went into spasm and pains were felt in his right
leg after a heavy lift. Two weeks later, in a letter dated 24 October 1996 an
orthopaedic surgeon who examined the plaintiff mentioned being told that the
plaintiff had had back pain since May 1996.  
  
These documents show that from the beginning of June 1996, the plaintiff was
consistent in his account of what had led to his back pain. They are the
strongest factor in favour of accepting the plaintiff`s version of events. On
the other hand, the plaintiff`s account of how he was injured is somewhat
unclear and his own behaviour after the alleged injury was not consistent with
any perception on his part that he had been injured by someone else`s
negligence or deliberate non-performance of duty.  
  
The plaintiff was closely questioned about his affidavit statement that on the
final lift, two of the workers failed to lift or take any of the weight. He
was asked to confirm that these two non performing workers were Raja and
Letchu. The plaintiff`s reply was that as far as he could remember they were
Raja and Letchu but that he could not recall whether Ah Tai was one of the
workers who failed to lift. It should be noted here that the plaintiff was
clear that Raja was standing opposite him with Lim, who was the only other
worker to lift when the plaintiff did. Logically that meant that the person
standing next to the plaintiff had to be either Letchu or Ah Tai. The
plaintiff was therefore asked why he could not remember whether there were two
Chinese persons lifting the equipment with him since the incident left a
lasting impression on him. His reply was a feeble `I remember there were three
others lifting and to me it doesn`t matter if they were Chinese or another
nationality`. He also conceded that he was not 100% certain that the third
worker was Letchu. This was an odd lapse of memory since this third person was
his immediate neighbour. He should have been able to distinguish whether his
neighbour was Chinese or not especially since he was quite clear that Letchu
was not Chinese.  
  
Whilst the plaintiff was able to remember that Lim was purportedly an older
balding Chinese man and also to describe in some detail the clothing worn by
Raja, Lim and Letchu on the day of the lift, he was not able to say for
certain who was standing beside him when the third lift was made. The
plaintiff`s evasiveness in this respect could have been because he was unsure
whom amongst the four of the first defendants` workers who had lifted the
equipment, he had to eliminate to replace himself as one of the lifting party
in the wheelhouse.  
  
The plaintiff was then pressed to try and recall whether the two workers
concerned had failed to lift the equipment at all or whether they had lifted
but not taken all the weight. His answer was that it appeared to him that by
the increased load that the person on his left and one of the workers at the
end other had failed to take some of the load or all of the load. It was put
that this was an impression and that he did not know for a fact what had
happened. Then he was asked whether when he had made his statement in his
affidavit `Two of the workers failed to lift` it had meant that after he and
Lim had moved upwards in a controlled manner the other two workers remained in
their original positions. His answer was they did. He was then asked whether
he was saying that they did not even lift at all. His reply was that he could
not tell what they had done or not done from simply looking at them because it
had taken place in a fraction of second and it was only a small lift, maybe
just an inch. So really the plaintiff was unable to say what had been done or
omitted and this inability weakens his case.  
  
The plaintiff`s actions after the lift were not those of a man who had been
injured by his co-workers` carelessness or non-co-operation. From what he said
in court, Raja was most probably one of those at fault. Yet, after catching
his breath when the plaintiff went up to speak to Raja he made no mention to
Raja of what had happened. Neither did he confront any of the other workers as
to why they did not lift or take any weight thus causing him to suffer a
severe pain. His explanation for this was that he was embarrassed about
feeling the pain. Yet there was nothing to be embarrassed about if the pain
had been inflicted because the workers had been deliberately slack in the
lifting exercise. He was asked whether he felt angry or upset with these two
workers for causing him this severe pain. The plaintiff`s reply was an evasive
`I do now`. When he was pressed as to what he had felt at the time, his answer
was `I didn`t know what damage was done to my back. I was glad the radar was
finally in position`. If those were his feelings at that time ie relief, he
was either not injured or did not feel that he had any cause for complaint in
relation to the co-workers` behaviour.  
  
The other point that was peculiar was that the plaintiff mentioned that after
the lift and whilst he was catching his breath `some of the workers who had
lifted were at the wheelhouse door putting on their work shoes`. He was then
asked whether he spoke to Raja as the other two workers were putting on their
shoes. In his reply he again said `some of the workers`. When asked why
`some`, his answer was that he did not remember how many but he thought it
strange that one or two of them had removed their boots to go into the
wheelhouse. The word `some` definitely implies more than one person and
although the plaintiff had the opportunity to agree that `some` in this
context meant two, he refused to take it and repeated that word. He then tried
to say that it meant one or two. It seems to me more likely that when he said
`some` initially, he had meant two or three and when he realised the
implications of this, he tried resile from them by recounting his observation
that it was strange that one or two workers had removed their boots.  
  
In addition to failing to take issue with Raja over the bad behaviour of
himself and his men, the plaintiff also did not think fit to raise the matter
with anyone else either formally or informally. The second defendants had a
system for filing of formal accident reports throughout their fleet. Accidents
were required to be reported to the vessel`s safety officer. The plaintiff was
aware of this procedure and used it subsequently in 1997. The plaintiff did
not, however, make any accident report in respect of the incident that took
place on 26 May 1996. Not only did he not report it on the day itself when
perhaps he might not have taken the matter seriously since he said then that
he thought his injury was only a pulled muscle, but he did not report it on
the next day when he woke up in what he described as being the most
excruciating pain and must have realised that he had suffered a more serious
injury than he initially thought. At no time did he mention to the master or
any of his shipmates what had been done to him or what had caused his pain.
Whilst he might not have wanted to damage his working relationship with Raja
by making a complaint over what initially seemed to be a small matter, such
considerations would not have inhibited his telling the ship`s crew what had
happened had he really felt aggrieved. Neither would they have prevented him
from telling his various doctors exactly how the injury had been sustained.
Yet none of the medical reports has a word on the matter.  
  
The plaintiff did not appear to me to be a timid or retiring person or to be
lacking in gumption. According to his own evidence, he had queried the
master`s decision and wisdom in placing the radar antenna in the wheelhouse on
at least two further occasions in spite of having been told the very first
time by the master that it was to be so placed. He also showed in court that
he was capable of looking after his own interests by directing cross-examining
counsel on how to phrase his questions. Yet, at no time in May or June 1996
did he complain to anyone about how the first defendants` workers had behaved.
Even when he was thinking of taking action for his injury towards the end of
the year he did not make any statement about his injury having been caused by
negligence of these workers. The first defendants were given no warning of the
plaintiff`s position until the writ was issued in March 1999. In my view, the
lack of complaint on the part of the plaintiff for nearly three years must be
regarded as significant.  
  
The medical evidence was also interesting. It showed that the plaintiff`s
injury even if sustained because of his participation in the lift may have
occurred even if all the other workers had carried out the lift properly. The
second defendants` expert witness, Professor Templeton, stated that he
believed that the plaintiff did have significant degenerative change affecting
his lower back prior to his accident in May 1996 and that that accident
exacerbated that condition and caused it to be painful. He did, however, also
testify that if four persons had carried such equipment and all four had
adopted the correct lifting posture and lifted the equipment at the same time
there was no likelihood of any of the four suffering a back injury unless they
had a pre-disposition towards such an injury. Professor Templeton observed
that even without a lifting incident, any other lifting activity or acute
movement of the back could have precipitated pain in the plaintiff`s back.
This evidence was supported by the plaintiff`s expert, Dr Krishnamoorthy, who
said that the back is a very fragile region and the prolapse of a disc can
also be caused by activities like bending forward to brush your teeth though
if you have to lift something the risk of injury is higher.  
  
Undoubtedly, from May 1996 the plaintiff had a problem with his back. The
weight of the evidence does not, however, in my opinion, indicate that this
problem resulted from any negligence or default on the part of the first
defendants` workers. My primary finding is that the plaintiff did not
participate in the third lift with them in the way he said he did. Bearing in
mind the documentary record, his account of having sustained injury while
involved in a lift might reflect his having tried to help them make the slight
adjustment of the position of the radar within the wheelhouse and thereby
injuring himself. This was an operation in two phases, involving an adjustment
at either end, and the plaintiff may have helped move one of the ends in the
way Raja described. It was not, however, a concerted lift as described by the
plaintiff. In any event even if the plaintiff did participate in the movement,
either as the fourth or even a fifth man, it is unlikely that the first
defendants` workers defaulted or were neglectful in carrying out the lift in
relation to him. It is more probable that his injury was caused by the strain
that he unfortunately placed on a back which already had a predisposition
towards such an injury.  
  
**_Conclusion on first defendants_**

****

The factual findings which I have made are sufficient to absolve the first
defendants from any liability to the plaintiff for his injury. They did not
breach any duty of care which they had towards him even if he was involved in
the antenna shifting operation. The case against them must therefore be
dismissed.  
  
**_Legal issues involving second defendants_**

****

The position is, however, somewhat different with regard to the second
defendants. On the basis that the plaintiff probably lifted the antenna to
adjust its position when it was in the wheelhouse and that this led to his
injury, the issue is whether legally the second defendants are responsible for
that injury. As his employers, they were under a duty of care towards the
plaintiff to take reasonable care for his safety in the course of his
employment. As pointed out in **_Employer`s Liability at Common Law_** (11th
Ed) by John Munkman, this duty extends in particular to the safety of the
place of work, the plant and machinery and the method and conduct of work
though it is not restricted to these matters (see p 125). In this particular
case, the plaintiff`s allegation is that the second defendants failed to
provide or were negligent in relation to the provision of a proper method and
conduct of work. Again, the burden of proof is on the plaintiff.  
  
Various particulars of negligence were pleaded. Most of these were premised on
the assertion that it was the plaintiff`s task to manually carry the equipment
into the wheelhouse. For example, the plaintiff alleged his employers were
negligent in causing or permitting him to carry the equipment, in failing to
avoid the need for him to undertake the manual handling of the equipment, in
failing to make a suitable and sufficient assessment of the manual handling
operation to be undertaken by the plaintiff or to take any appropriate steps
to reduce the risk of injury arising out of the lifting operation and failing
to give him any adequate instructions in the method of lifting and carrying of
the equipment.  
  
I have found that the plaintiff was not specifically ordered to participate in
the lifting operation. His instructions were to oversee the move and ensure no
damage was caused to the equipment. The persons who were to undertake the move
were the first defendants. Thus, many of the particulars pleaded are no longer
applicable. The plaintiff recognised this possibility as the case developed
and in the closing submissions presented, much more emphasis was laid on the
aspect of the second defendants` alleged failure to provide the plaintiff and
the first defendants with adequate information about the peculiar
characteristics of the equipment and their failure to ensure that there were
sufficient workers to handle the operation.  
  
On these submissions, the following questions arise:

(a) were the second defendants entitled to instruct the plaintiff to oversee
the first defendants` work without being more specific on his duties?

(b) did they have a duty to devise a safe system of work for the performance
of the manual lift by the first defendants?

(c) was the plaintiff acting in the course of his employment when he chose to
participate in the manual work contracted to and undertaken by the first
defendants?  
  
**_Sufficiency of instructions_**  
  
Turning to the first question, it was not contended by the plaintiff that the
instruction he received from the master to oversee the shifting operation was
an unauthorised one outside the scope of his legal duties. His submission was
that there was no evidence before the court that he was specifically
instructed to supervise only. This submission flew in the face of the master`s
statement that in his job as a supervisor, the plaintiff had no reason to lift
the equipment. The plaintiff also sought to show that his job had a broader
description than the second defendants were willing to admit by pointing out
that he was not informed that the lifting of the equipment would be done by
the first defendants` workers only or told about the unusual characteristics
of the equipment or told that there should be a minimum of four workers to
carry out the moving of the equipment. The plaintiff`s basic complaint
therefore was that he was simply told to supervise without being given any
parameters for this job. In essence, the contention is that the second
defendants did not provide a safe system of work because they did not tell the
plaintiff precisely what he should and should not do.  
  
As pointed out in **Winter v Cardiff Rural District Council** [1950] 1 All ER
819 by Lord Oaksey (at p 822), there is a sphere in which the employer must
exercise his discretion and there are other spheres in which foremen and
workmen must exercise theirs. The point here is whether when it came to
supervising the lifting operation, it was for the plaintiff to exercise his
discretion or for the second defendants to exercise theirs and lay down a
system for the execution of the work. Whilst the employer has the primary
obligation of organising work, when an isolated task is involved, whether the
obligation of organisation falls on the employer or the employee whom he has
designated to do the task depends on whether the operation is so complicated
or unusual as to necessitate special organisation outside the scope of that
employee`s expertise.  
  
Looking at the facts of this case, at the time of the incident, the plaintiff
had had 16 years experience as a radio officer during which he had worked with
radar equipment. The plaintiff had qualified in the United Kingdom and, as the
master testified, must have been aware of the `Code of Safe Working Practices`
which that country enforces for seamen. Five or six copies of that Code were
kept on board the Cardigan Bay as vessel had been registered in the United
Kingdom up to April 1996. The Code prescribes various matters to be taken
account of by both seamen and their employers in relation to manual lifting
exercises. The master testified that the plaintiff as an employee of 15 years
would have understood the Code and been aware of its contents in his job of
supervising the lift. I see no reason not to accept the master`s evidence on
this point.  
  
Prior to the vessel docking at the Sembawang dry-dock, the plaintiff had had
experience of dry-dock repairs though not in connection with the removal of
the radar or the modification of the main mast. Whilst the vessel was in dry-
dock and before 27 May, he with the assistance of two crew members, also
dismantled and moved a smaller radar which had been attached to the main mast.
He also must have had knowledge about the subject antenna. It was clearly
visible from the ship`s mast. Plans and details of the equipment were kept on
board and were available to the plaintiff. He knew that a shore crane was to
be employed to lower it onto the deck from the mast and therefore must have
realised that it was a really heavy piece of equipment. He therefore had
access to all the information he required about the equipment prior to
starting his supervision of the removal operation.  
  
The plaintiff knew that the removal of the antenna had been contracted out to
the first defendants and that they were responsible for all phases of the
operation. According to his evidence, however, it was he who determined that
four persons were sufficient to undertake the movement of the antenna into the
wheelhouse and he himself gave the signals and directed the three lifts that
took place.  
  
An employer is only required to take reasonable care and to guide against
foreseeable risk to his employee. The master did not consider that there was
any risk posed to the plaintiff in supervising the operation. He did not
foresee that the plaintiff would get himself involved in a physical operation
which had been contracted out to independent third party contractors. The
plaintiff was an experienced officer and was not shy about his accomplishments
and abilities during the trial. He was more than qualified for the role of
supervisor of the removal and storage operation (he showed his knowledge of
what needed to be done by supplying the guide rope and giving directions and
determining how many people were required for the carrying operation). The
submissions made on his behalf when condensed to their essence, are that he
should have been given extremely detailed instructions on what to do running,
by analogy, the gamut of the alphabet from A to Z. I find it impossible to
accept those submissions in the light of the facts here. The plaintiff cannot
now say that the second defendants were remiss in having assigned the role and
manner of supervision to him. The cases of **Jenner v Allen West & Co Ltd**
[1959] 2 All ER 115 and **Byers v Head Wrightson & Co Ltd** [1961] 2 All ER
538 cited by the plaintiff are not applicable to the facts of this case
because the employees involved there had neither experience nor expertise to
assist them unlike the plaintiff.  
  
The plaintiff suggested that he needed to be given general safety instructions
by the second defendants and quoted Lord Oaksey`s words in **General Cleaning
Contractors v Christmas** [1953] AC 180 to the effect that the employer has a
duty to give such general safety instructions as a reasonably careful employer
who has considered the problem presented by the nature of the work would give
his workmen. He also relied on a local authority, **_Parno v SC Marine Pte
Ltd_** [1999] 4 SLR 579 to illustrate the same point. Those situations were
somewhat different. In the first case, the injured workman was employed as a
window cleaner to work outside high self-locking windows. It was obviously a
dangerous situation but he was given no safety instructions or appropriate
safety apparatus. In Parno`s case, the workman was injured while trying to
repair a loose pin during a piling operation. He was inexperienced but vested
with responsibility for minor repairs and confronted with what he thought was
an emergency situation. Here, the plaintiff was well equipped to deal with the
task of supervising the movement of the antenna and was also aware of safe
working procedures including the correct manual lifting procedure. Neither was
he put into a situation where he had to make a quick decision without proper
consultation with the master or other officers.  
  
The plaintiff cited **Williams v BALM (NZ) Ltd** [1951] NZLR 893 where it was
held that `it is the duty of an employer reasonably to anticipate that the men
provided for a job will consider it expected of them to carry on as best they
can with the number provided, and that, if a man gets into difficulties, he
will make an effort to get out of them himself before he calls on others who
have other work to do`. In that case, the employers themselves had designated
four workers to move a piece of equipment which on a previous occasion had
required five or more persons to move it. It was not the situation here that
the plaintiff had no choice but to make do with the number of workers who were
available. If there was in fact a shortage of one person to undertake the
lift, then the plaintiff could either have directed the first defendants to
get an additional worker to help them or alternatively reported the matter to
the master or chief engineer. He was neither placed in a dilemma or in a
situation of emergency where he had to participate in the physical lift. He
was not a casual worker but an officer overseeing the first defendants` manual
work and had every right and authority to set out the number of workers
required from the first defendants.  
  
**_System of work for first defendants_**  
  
I have held above that the second defendants were not in breach of duty in
simply telling the plaintiff to supervise and not specifying the exact manner
in which he should carry out that duty. Since he was supervising the first
defendants` work, should they have devised a system of work for the
performance by the first defendants of their contracted job? I agree with the
submissions made by the second defendants that it was not their role to do
this. That role belonged to the first defendants or to their employers
Sembawang. These parties had the responsible of planning the operation and
ensuring that a safe system of work was in place for the movement of the
antenna.  
  
The plaintiff cited various cases including **McDermid v Nash Dredging &
Reclamation Co Ltd** [1987] AC 906, **Wilsons and Clyde Coal Co Ltd v
English** [1938] AC 57 and the **_Cardiff Rural District Council_** case, in
support of the well known proposition that an employer cannot escape liability
for injury to his employees by delegating the responsibility of devising a
safe system of work on an independent contractor. That principle has, however,
no application to the facts of this case. The plaintiff was designated the
task of supervising the first defendants, he was well equipped to do so, he
devised the system of work and he in fact executed it by giving
directions/signals. The plaintiff was not subjected to danger from a system
devised by the first defendants.  
  
**_Course of employment_**  
  
The final question arises from a plea by the second defendants that they have
no responsibility for the injury sustained by the plaintiff because in
participating in the lift instead of just overseeing it the plaintiff was
acting outside the course of his employment. In this connection, it is worth
reproducing some of **_Munkman_** `s observations on the limits of the
employer`s duty. Between pp 103 to 105 of his text, he states:

> _It is evident that the employer`s duty does not extend to every moment of
> the workman`s life, and equally evident that it cannot be restricted to the
> period when the workman is inside the factory or other place of work, since
> his duties may take him outside ..._

> _The duty is not confined to the actual performance of work, but also
> applies when the servant is doing something reasonably incidental to work,
> as where the plaintiff had gone to wash a tea-cup when she slipped on an
> oily duck-board and injured herself:**Davidson v Handley Page Ltd** [1945] 1
> All ER 235 ..._

> _Difficult questions may arise where a man strays to a part of a factory or
> ship where his duties do not require him to be, and there encounters some
> danger. If, however, the workman is doing his employer`s work, he does not
> cease to be acting in the course of his employment by the fact that he is
> working at a place where he is forbidden to go, even by statutory orders ...
> Likewise disobedience to orders does not necessarily mean that the workman
> has moved out of the course of the employment, even when he arrogates
> himself duties which he is not employed to perform and is forbidden by
> statute to perform:**National Coal Board v England** [1954] AC 403[1954] 1
> All ER 546 (miner coupled with cables, which should be done by shotfirer
> personally). All these cases have the common feature that the plaintiff,
> however foolishly or misguidedly, was doing the employer`s work. Probably
> the reason why the court has taken a broader view of the course of
> employment in this connection is that the fault of the plaintiff can always
> be taken into account to reduce the damages._

  
  
The second defendants rely on two cases to support their contention that when
the plaintiff became involved in the manual lift which was to be undertaken by
the first defendants` workers as opposed remaining a supervisor, he was no
longer acting in the course of his employment. In **Forsyth v Manchester
Corp** [1912] 107 LT 600, it was held that a gas inspector, whose duty was to
inspect and report on the gas meter had no business trying to repair the
meter, and that his participatory acts in relation thereto which resulted in
an injury to the plaintiff were outside the course of his employment. The
facts of that case are, however, far removed from those of the present since
the person injured was not the workman himself but a small child who picked up
a knife which the inspector had negligently left lying about while he was
looking for some other tools. Also the inspector had gone into the house in
the first place as a favour and not in the course of his usual duties. I do
not think that that case assists the second defendants.  
  
**Lowe v Pearson** [1899] 1 QB 261 is a more relevant authority. There, the
respondent, whose job was to make balls of clay and to hand them to the woman
working at the machine, had hurt his hand while trying to clear the machine.
He was held to be acting outside the course of his employment. The respondent
had been expressly warned and well knew that he must not meddle with the
machinery and the court made much of the fact that he had deliberately and
knowingly engaged himself in work which he was not engaged to do, but on the
contrary had been forbidden to do and which there was no necessity for his
doing.  
  
In my view, **_Lowe_** `s case is distinguishable in that the respondent there
had a very defined job scope which he exceeded. Here the plaintiff was simply
instructed to oversee an operation and it was left to his discretion as to how
he did it. Although supervising generally involves giving directions only, it
is not unknown for supervisors to lend a hand to the persons being supervised
if in the course of the work the supervisor thinks it would be practical and
convenient and helpful to do so. In such a situation, I do not think that one
can categorise the act of assistance of the supervisor as being outside the
course of his employment even though the persons he is assisting are the
employees of independent contractors. But whilst a supervisor may lend a hand
he is not obliged to do so and if he is directing the work of third parties
there would be even less pressure on him to get physically involved. The point
is, however, that even if the plaintiff was acting within the course of his
employment in assisting the workers, that in itself does not make the employer
liable.  
  
In this case, the plaintiff`s participation in the lift was purely a matter of
his personal choice. It could not be said that his decision to do so and the
consequent injury he sustained resulted in any way from any negligence on the
part of the second defendants. The task assigned to the plaintiff was that of
supervision of the movement of the antenna only. As an experienced officer, he
was capable of performing the task. He had in fact, according to him, devised
and operated the system of lift. Only the plaintiff was aware of his peculiar
back history. According to the plaintiff, he determined that four persons
including himself could perform the lift. He did not ask the first defendants
to get an additional worker nor seek guidance from the master or assistance
from the crew. He chose to be involved in the physical lift. It was
unfortunate that this choice resulted in his back injury but liability does
not automatically flow from injury except under statute.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

The plaintiff has not been able to prove his allegations of negligence and
breach of duty on the part of the second defendants either. Accordingly, this
case is dismissed with costs as against both defendants.  
  
**Outcome:**

Plaintiff`s claim dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

