Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Cheng Thomas v Public Prosecutor  
[2000] SGHC 258

Case Number | : | MA 180/2000, 201/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 November 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Appellant in person; Hay Hung Chun and Francis Ng (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Cheng Thomas — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Young offenders – Detention
at Boys' Home – Whether has power to refer appellant to District Court for
sentencing to reformative training – Juvenile Court – s 44(2)(e) Children and
Young Persons Act (Cap 38)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Young offenders – Chance for
rehabilitation – Whether reformative training oppositee – Whether second
sentence of reformative training excessive  
  
Words and Phrases – "Of so unruly a character" – s 44(2)(e) Children and Young
Persons Act (Cap 38)  
  

: The two appeals (MA 180/2000 and MA 201/2000) were brought by the accused
who was appealing against his sentence only. The first appeal MA 180/2000 was
against the decision of District Judge Seng Kwang Boon, who, on 12 July 2000,
had sentenced the appellant to reformative training. The second appeal MA
201/2000 was against the decision of District Judge Mavis Chionh on 26 July
2000 to impose a second sentence of reformative training which was to run
concurrently with the one ordered earlier.  
  
**_Background facts_**

****

On 3 February 1998, at the age of 14 years and 8 months, the appellant was
found guilty and convicted by the Juvenile Court on two counts of theft under
s 379 read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224) and a further two counts of
theft under s 379A of the Penal Code. Consequently, the appellant was
sentenced by the Juvenile Court to stay in the Singapore Boys` Home (`the
Boys` Home`) for 30 months. On 30 June 1998, I heard and dismissed his appeal
against conviction and sentence and ordered him to commence serving his
30-month term in the Boys` Home from that day onwards.  
  
During his stay at the Boys` Home, the appellant was ill-disciplined and a
recalcitrant trouble-maker who failed to comply with the rules and regulations
of the Home. The following acts of misconduct and its surrounding
circumstances were recorded by Mr Koh Ann Keong, the Superintendent of the
Boys` Home:

(i) On 20 March 2000, the appellant and two other residents of the Boys` Home
vandalised the Segregation Room by forcing open the security grille of the
toilet exhaust louve, removing a piece of metal rod and using it to make a
hole the size of a computer mouse on the ventilation wall. They then used the
metal rod to reach for the light switch outside the Segregation Room to switch
off the light.

(ii) On 22 March 2000, the appellant attempted suicide by drinking shampoo in
the dormitory. He was later examined by the psychiatrist of the Institute of
Mental Health, who assessed him as non-suicidal and no follow-up treatment was
required. The appellant claimed that he attempted suicide because he was
unhappy with the punishment of four strokes of the cane that was meted out to
him by the Superintendent. He had been punished for being rude, defiant and
refusing to carry out the teacher`s instructions to clean the classroom
properly.

(iii) On 14 April 2000, the appellant escaped from the lawful custody of one
Mohan s/o Francis Xavier, the Senior House Master of Block E of the Boys`
Home. The appellant had been brought to the Jurong Polyclinic for medical
attention after he complained of asthmatic problems. The appellant absconded
after receiving medical attention and whilst waiting for his prescription.

(iv) At the time of his escape, the appellant`s hands were cuffed with a pair
of Smith and Wesson handcuffs. After escaping, he managed to remove the
handcuffs which he threw away after that.

(v) On 27 May 2000, the appellant was arrested by the police and taken back to
the Boys` Home. On the same night, the appellant vandalised the Segregation
Room again. This time he removed a metal showerhead and tied it to one end of
his T-shirt, making a potentially dangerous weapon which could cause serious
injuries if swung at another person`s head. The appellant then demanded to be
released from the Segregation Room and to see a psychiatrist as well as the
Superintendent immediately. When his demands were not acceded to, the
appellant banged his head against the wall to protest. Eventually, he had to
be restrained to a bed in order to protect him from further self-harm.
Thereafter, he abused the staff with vulgarities.  
  
**_The proceedings_**

****

On 29 May 2000, following these acts of misconduct by the appellant, the
Superintendent of the Boys` Home made representations to the Juvenile Court
under s 44(2) of the Children and Young Persons Act (`CYPA`) (Cap 38). The
information provided by the Superintendent referred to the appellant`s
misbehaviour, as enumerated earlier, and stated that the appellant was of so
unruly a character that he could not be detained in the Boys` Home.  
  
On 20 June 2000, after considering the information from the Superintendent,
the Juvenile Court was satisfied that the appellant was of so unruly a
character that he could not be detained in the Boys` Home. As the appellant
was already 17 years old at the time of the hearing, the court called for a
Reformative Training Report to assess his suitability for a sentence of
reformative training. After receiving a report stating that the appellant was
suitable for reformative training, the Juvenile Court invoked its powers under
s 44(2)(e) of the CYPA to refer the appellant to a District Court so that he
may be dealt with under s 13 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68). For the
ease of reference, s 44(2)(e) CYPA states as follows:

> _
>
> (2) Where a Juvenile Court is satisfied, on the representations of the
> manager of a place of detention, an approved school or an approved home,
> that a person ordered to be detained in the place of detention, approved
> school or approved home is of **_so unruly a character that he cannot be so
> detained_** , the Court may -
>
> ...
>
> (e) where the person is a male and has attained the age of 16 years and the
> Court is satisfied that it is expedient with a view to his reformation that
> he should undergo a period of training in a reformative training centre, the
> Court may order him to be brought before a District Court to be dealt with
> under section 13 of the Criminal Procedure Code. Cap. 68.
>
> _

  
  
The matter came before District Judge Seng Kwang Boon on 12 July 2000, who,
after reading the information provided by the Superintendent of the Boys` Home
and the pre-sentence report, agreed with the Juvenile Court that reformative
training was appropriate for the appellant. The appellant was thus sentenced
to undergo a period of reformative training. This formed the background
leading to MA 180/2000.  
  
At the same time, two fresh charges (DAC 23944/2000 and MAC 3929/2000) were
brought against the appellant in relation to his escape from the Boys` Home.
The first charge was for escaping from the lawful custody of Mohan s/o Francis
Xavier when they were at the Jurong Polyclinic, an offence under s 224 of the
Penal Code. The second charge related to the appellant`s disposal of his
handcuffs after making his escape. The police were not able to recover these
handcuffs even after the arrest of the appellant. The act of throwing away the
handcuffs, which cost around $48-$60, constituted an offence under s 427,
Penal Code.  
  
The proceedings for the two fresh charges were first heard by District Judge
Mavis Chionh on 20 June 2000. It should be noted that this hearing took place
prior to that before District Judge Seng Kwang Boon, as mentioned earlier. The
appellant pleaded guilty to the two charges and in mitigation, said that he
was `very sorry` and asked for leniency from the court. After taking into
account his previous convictions and his disciplinary record in the Boys`
Home, DJ Mavis Chionh was of the view that reformative training should be
considered. A pre-sentence report was therefore called for. The first report
that was presented by the Prisons Department certified that the appellant was
physically and mentally fit and suitable for reformative training. The
appellant`s counsel, however, informed the court that the report failed to
make any reference to the appellant`s admittance into the Institute of Mental
Health after he drank shampoo. DJ Mavis Chionh thus directed that a
supplemental report be prepared in order to take into account the concern
raised over the appellant`s mental health history. A further report was
thereafter prepared and considered by DJ Mavis Chionh on 26 July 2000. The
supplemental report confirmed that the appellant was suitable for reformative
training. Accordingly, a sentence of reformative training was ordered by DJ
Mavis Chionh. As DJ Seng Kwang Boon had, about two weeks earlier on 12 July
2000, also imposed the same sentence on the appellant, the second sentence of
reformative training was ordered to commence running from the same date as the
term imposed earlier. This was in consideration of the principle laid down in
**Ng Kwok Fai v PP** [1996] 1 SLR 568 , where it was held that `consecutive
terms of reformative training are wrong in principle and could give rise to
problems in practice`. The appeal against DJ Mavis Chionh`s decision formed
the subject-matter of MA 201/2000.  
  
**_The appeals_**

****

  
  
**MA 180/2000 (against the decision of DJ Seng Kwang Boon)**

The sentence of reformative training was imposed here as a result of the
Juvenile Court invoking its powers under s 44(2)(e) of the CYPA. Under this
provision, it must be established that the appellant was `of so unruly a
character` that he cannot continue to be detained in the Boys` Home and it is
expedient with a view to his reformation that he should undergo a period of
training in a reformative training centre.  
  
On the question of what would constitute `of so unruly a character` in the
context of the CYPA, there did not seem to be any relevant case authority that
had previously interpreted such a phrase or the word `unruly`. In such
circumstances, the appropriate approach was to adopt the plain and literal
meaning of the term and phrase. For that purpose, I found it useful to refer
to some of the definitions of the word `unruly` as stated in various
dictionaries. In **_West`s Legal Thesaurus/Dictionary_** , the word `unruly`
was defined as `difficult to manage or control; hyperactive`. In **_The New
Shorter Oxford English Dictionary_** , the same word was defined to mean `not
easily controlled or disciplined; ungovernable; disorderly` and in the
**_Longman Dictionary of the English Language_** , the meaning stated was
`difficult to discipline or manage` and `not submissive to control`.  
  
Whether or not the appellant was `of so unruly a character` was clearly a
question of fact which must be determined from the factual circumstances of
the case. I noted from his record that, since his early secondary school days,
the appellant had shown himself to be disobedient, disruptive and obdurate. He
was expelled from Thomson Secondary School in November 1996 after spending a
year there. The basis for his expulsion was his continual misconduct which
included possession of cigarettes, theft, molestation, rude behaviour towards
teachers, assault and causing hurt to classmates. While the appellant was
still at Thomson Secondary School, the principal had referred him to the Child
Guidance Clinic managed by the Ministry of Health. He was diagnosed as having
a `conduct disorder`. The appellant was then given another chance at schooling
and was placed in First Toa Payoh Secondary School. However, he failed to
learn from his errant ways and created a series of problems in the short
period of three months that he spent there. It was observed by his teachers
that the appellant was disruptive and rude in class, he vandalised school
property, refused to do his work and was found in possession of cigarettes. He
was a persistent trouble-maker to the extent that the school was left with no
choice but to expel him in March 1997. Subsequently, the appellant voluntarily
admitted himself into the Singapore Boys` Town in July 1997. Once again, he
failed to make use of the opportunity to improve himself. Soon after his
admission, he ran away from the institution to avoid punishment for his
misbehaviour and even after his return some time later, he got into fights and
other forms of trouble again. After he was caught and convicted for a series
of thefts, the appellant was sentenced to stay in the Singapore Boys` Home for
30 months. Probation was not recommended for him as it was observed that the
appellant was not at all remorseful for his misdeeds and required a stricter
and more regimented environment to instil in him greater self-discipline and
respect for the law and authority.  
  
It was evident from the facts that the rehabilitative experience which the
Boys` Home was intended to provide had not been achieved. The report prepared
by the Superintendent of the Boys` Home for the Juvenile Court, listed out the
whole litany of misdemeanours committed by the appellant even after he had
been admitted to the Boys` Home. He remained defiant towards authority and
refused to take any responsibility for his various wrong-doings. I did not
have any doubt that the appellant was clearly of an `unruly` character. He had
demonstrated himself, time and again, to be a rebellious and deviant youth,
almost incapable of control. The stay in the Boys` Home was plainly not able
to provide the suitable environment for his rehabilitation and reformation. In
such a situation, and in view of the fact that the appellant had attained the
age of 16 years, I was of the view that the Juvenile Court was entitled to
exercise its powers under s 44(2)(e) of the CYPA, to order the appellant to be
brought before a District Court to be given a sentence of reformative
training.  
  
Taking into consideration the young age of the appellant and his unfortunate
family background, I decided that it was appropriate to give him another
chance at rehabilitation. Since young, the appellant had lacked proper
parental guidance and supervision, his parents having separated since he was
three years old, and this was probably the fundamental cause of his
unruliness. The appellant was in serious need of some strict guidance and
enforced reformation. This would not be suitably provided in a custodial
sentence. In the case of **PP v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice** [1999] 1 SLR 138  at
142, I had stated that:

> _Rehabilitation is the dominant consideration where the offender is 21 years
> and below. Young offenders are in their formative years and chances of
> reforming them into law-abiding adults are better. The corrupt influence of
> a prison environment and the bad effects of labelling and stigmatisation may
> not be desirable for young offenders. Compassion is often shown to young
> offenders on the assumption that the young don`t know any better` and they
> may not have had enough experience to realise the full consequences of their
> actions on themselves and on others. Teens may also be slightly less
> responsible than older offenders, being more impressionable, more easily led
> and less controlled in their behaviour._

  
  
These considerations were similarly applicable to the present facts of the
case. A custodial sentence was therefore unsuitable for the appellant.  
  
However, it was obviously not a satisfactory arrangement for the appellant to
continue his sentence at the Boys` Home, it being apparent that a more severe
and regimented environment was necessary to steer the appellant in the right
path. Thus, I was of the view that a sentence of reformative training was the
most apposite in such circumstances and was not excessive at all. The appeal
against the decision of DJ Seng Kwang Boon was therefore dismissed.  
  
**MA 201/2000 (against the decision of DJ Mavis Chionh)**

For the earlier stated reasons, the sentence passed by DJ Mavis Chionh was
similarly not excessive. The two fresh offences under s 224 and s 427 of the
Penal Code each provided for punishment `with imprisonment for a term which
may extend to 2 years, or with fine, or with both`. Applying the principles I
laid down in **_Ng Kwok Fai v PP_** (supra), a custodial sentence was not
suitable on the present facts since the appellant had already been sentenced
to reformative training by DJ Seng Kwang Boon. The appellant`s antecedents and
long history of misconduct, however, ruled out the mere imposition of a fine
for the two offences. In the light of all the foregoing, I found the
concurrent sentence of reformative training ordered by DJ Mavis Chionh to be
the most appropriate sentence for the appellant. Accordingly, I ordered for
this appeal to be dismissed too.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeals dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Nov 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

