Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gunalan s/o Govindarajoo v Public Prosecutor  
[2000] SGHC 143

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 13/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 July 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S Gogula Kannan (SK Kumar & Associates) for the petitioner; Jennifer Marie and Gilbert Koh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Gunalan s/o Govindarajoo — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Previous acquittals or convictions –
Autrefois convict – Applicable principles – Whether previous breach
proceedings concerned facts or offences substantially similar to subsequent
criminal charges – Whether order made in breach proceedings amounted to
conviction  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Abuse of process – Whether
criminal proceedings following breach proceedings oppressive – Whether
petitioner suffering prejudice from failure to stay breach proceedings  
  

: This was a petition by a young person, as defined by the Children and Young
Persons Act (Cap 38) (`CYPA`), for the court to exercise its power of revision
to quash the finding of guilt or alter the order given in the court below on
the ground of **_autrefois convict_** or abuse of process.  
  
**_The facts_**

****

The petitioner was 15 years old at the time of the petition. He committed his
first set of offences at age 13, and was found guilty of two counts of theft
of motor cycle under s 379A of the Penal Code (Cap 224) and one count of
fraudulent possession of helmet under s 35(1) of the Miscellaneous Offences
(Public Order and Nuisance) Act (Cap 184) on 26 May 1998. Three further counts
of theft of motor cycle were taken into consideration. For these offences, he
was ordered to reside in an approved school, the Salvation Army Gracehaven
(`Gracehaven`) for 24 months, commencing on 26 May 1998 (`the first order`).  
  
The approved school regime provides a structured and disciplined environment
for rehabilitation. Juveniles who are sent to an approved school generally
have committed serious offences and exhibit a need for an institutional
environment, whether because of problems at home, association with undesirable
peers or active membership in secret societies.  
  
There are presently five approved schools, which differ in the strictness of
their regime and in the tightness of their security. At the more liberal end
of the spectrum are two approved schools run by voluntary welfare
organisations: Muhammadiyah Welfare Home and Gracehaven. Those who are sent to
Gracehaven tend to be those who need institutional care but who do not have
serious delinquent traits. Residents of Gracehaven are allowed to attend
school and to work outside the home. After the first few months, home leave on
the weekends is granted to those who show positive behaviour.  
  
Further along the spectrum are two approved schools run by the Ministry of
Community Development and Sports. They are the Toa Payoh Girls` Home and the
Singapore Boys` Home (`SBH`). Juveniles who are sent to these homes tend to
exhibit a greater degree of delinquency compared to those who are sent to
Muhammadiyah Welfare Home or Gracehaven. The strictest regime and tightest
security is found at the Reformative Training Center (`RTC`), run by the
Prisons Department of the Ministry of Home Affairs.  
  
On 25 November 1999, the Superintendent of Gracehaven (`the superintendent`)
instituted breach proceedings under s 44(2)(a) of the CYPA (`the breach
proceedings`) against the petitioner. The provision states:

> _Where a Juvenile Court is satisfied, on the representations of the manager
> of a place of detention, an approved school or an approved home, that a
> person ordered to be detained in the place of detention, approved school or
> approved home is of so unruly a character that he cannot be so detained, the
> Court may -_

> _
>
> (a) order the person to be transferred to and detained in an approved school
> or in another approved school, as the case may be, which the Court considers
> more suitable for him and to be detained there for the whole or any part of
> the unexpired period of detention;
>
> _

  
  
The juvenile court called for a progress report. In the report, presented on
14 December 1999, the superintendent stated that while the petitioner behaved
reasonably well under the supervision of the home, he had serious problems
when outside home supervision. The latter occurred more often than desired in
view of his frequent abscondence from the home, which in all totalled 71 days.
While at large, the petitioner would associate freely with undesirable peers,
staying overnight with them, smoking and loitering in the streets aimlessly,
as well as engaging in sex with a female resident of the home. The
superintendent was of the view that the petitioner would benefit from staying
in a more regimented environment with closer supervision. The juvenile court
accepted the recommendation and transferred the petitioner to SBH for the
unexpired period of the first order.  
  
On 27 January 2000, the petitioner was charged with three counts of carnal
connection with a girl under 16 years (the female resident of the home), an
offence under s 140(1)(i) of the Women`s Charter (Cap 353). Two further counts
of s 140(1)(i) of the Women`s Charter were taken into consideration.  
  
**_Decision of the juvenile court_**

****

At the carnal connection proceedings, the petitioner asked to be allowed to
stay in SBH. The juvenile court exercised its power under s 44(1)(g) of the
CYPA and ordered the petitioner to be sent to SBH for 24 months (`the second
order`).  
  
**_The petition_**

****

Subsequently, a petition was made to this court, asking it to exercise its
power of revision to quash the finding of guilt made in respect of the carnal
connection charges or alternatively to alter the second order by reducing the
period of residence at SBH. Two arguments were canvassed in support of the
petition: **_autrefois convict_** and abuse of process.  
  
**_Autrefois convict_**

****

The petitioner`s chief argument was that of autrefois convict. This common law
principle is enshrined in art 11(2) of the Constitution, which states:

> _A person who has been convicted or acquitted of an offence shall not be
> tried again for the same offence except where the conviction or acquittal
> has been quashed and a retrial ordered by a court superior to that by which
> he was convicted or acquitted._

  
  
The House of Lords had the opportunity to consider this doctrine in an
extensive manner in **Connelly v DPP** [1964] AC 1254[1964] 2 All ER 401. In a
much cited passage in **_Connelly_** at [1964] AC 1254, 1305; [1964] 2 All ER
401, 412, Lord Morris set out nine propositions which in his view `both
principle and authority establish`. Of direct relevance to this case are the
following:

> _
>
> (1) that a man cannot be tried for a crime in respect of which he has
> previously been acquitted or convicted;
>
> (2) ...
>
> (3) that the same rule applies if the crime in respect of which he is being
> charged is in effect the same, or is substantially the same, as either the
> principal or a different crime in respect of which he has been acquitted or
> could have been convicted;
>
> (4) that one test as to whether the rule applies is whether the evidence
> which is necessary to support the second indictment, or whether the facts
> which constitute the second offence, would have been sufficient to procure a
> legal conviction upon the first indictment either as to the offences charged
> or as to an offence of which, on the indictment, the accused could have been
> found guilty ...
>
> _

  
  
As Lord Bridge observed in **Lee Wee Harry v Law Society of Singapore** SLR 41
at p 47, in **_Connelly_** , Lord Devlin had a different view from Lord
Morris. He took a stricter view of **_autrefois convict_** and said that for
the doctrine to apply it must be the same offence in both fact and law, and
not merely where the offences were substantially the same. His Lordship`s
difficulty was with the idea that an offence may be substantially the same as
another in its legal characteristics, since in his view legal characteristics
are precise things and are either the same or not. Lord Bridge did not find it
necessary in **_Lee Wee Harry_** to find which view was correct, and neither
was it necessary here. Even on Lord Morris` more liberal test of substantial
similarity of offence in both fact and law, the petitioner`s argument of
**_autrefois convict_** failed.  
  
The **_autrefois convict_** argument presented before me by counsel for
petitioner rested on three propositions, of which the first two were crucial
to the petitioner:

(a) the five instances of carnal connection with a girl under 16 years were
included as elements of misconduct in the breach proceedings brought under s
44(2)(a) of the CYPA by the superintendent of Gracehaven;

(b) when the juvenile court adjudicated upon the breach proceedings and made
an order to transfer the petitioner to SBH for the unexpired period of the
first order, the petitioner was duly convicted of the offences relating to
carnal connection;

(c) the finding of guilt made at the carnal connection proceedings on 27
January 2000 amounted to a second conviction on substantially the same facts,
thereby violating art 11(2) of the Constitution.  
  
Proposition (a) misunderstood the representations made by the superintendent
of Gracehaven at the breach proceedings. The petitioner`s sexual relationship
with a resident of Gracehaven was mentioned twice in the progress report. In
her report, the Senior Social Worker at Gracehaven commented that the
petitioner`s abscondence was motivated by the desire to be with a female
resident and to spend time with her. It was in the context of explaining the
intensity of this relationship that the petitioner`s sexual relationship with
that female resident was mentioned. The focus of concern was the petitioner`s
abscondence and not the sexual relationship.  
  
Similarly, when the superintendent noted in her report that the petitioner was
having sex with a resident, this was mentioned in the context of things that
the petitioner engaged in while at large. The concern was again with the
petitioner`s abscondence: on the violence exhibited in forcing his way out and
the activities engaged in while away from the home. From the superintendent`s
statements, it was clear that her primary concern while the petitioner was at
large was not the sexual relationship but the undesirable peer influence.  
  
Thus, while it was true that the petitioner`s sexual relationship with a
resident was mentioned at the breach proceedings, it was not presented as an
element of misconduct to satisfy the unruly character requirement of s
44(2)(a). Instead it was mentioned to highlight to the juvenile court the
frustrations and motivations that were affecting the petitioner, which led to
what was of the utmost concern to the home: his frequent abscondence and the
bad peer influence he was under while at large.  
  
The misunderstanding reflected in proposition (a) was in large part due to a
misunderstanding of the purpose of the breach proceedings. The breach
proceedings are not an adjudication on the legality of the juvenile`s actions
while at the home. They are for the juvenile court to transfer the juvenile to
another approved school if the court is satisfied that this would be more
suitable for the juvenile. Hence, the requirement to be satisfied under s
44(2)(a) is not proof of an offence, but merely that the juvenile is of so
**_unruly a character that he cannot be detained_** at the original approved
school. In the petitioner`s case, amongst other things, the lack of a secured
compound and close supervision made Gracehaven unsuitable for a juvenile who
was prone to running away.  
  
Consequently, proposition (b) was also incorrect. When the juvenile court
ordered that the petitioner be transferred to SBH for the unexpired period of
the first order, the court was not adjudicating on the carnal connection
offences, but on the **_continued suitability_** of Gracehaven as an
institution of rehabilitation for the petitioner in relation to an approved
school order made in respect of **_prior_** property offences. Therefore, the
order sending the petitioner to SBH for the unexpired period of the first
order in no sense amounted to a conviction.  
  
The weight of caselaw supports the dismissal of the petitioner`s plea of of
autrefois convict. In **Lim Keng Chia v PP** [1998] 1 SLR 686 , a decision of
this court, the petitioner for revision had argued that a detention order made
by the Director of the Central Narcotics Bureau (`CNB`) under s 37(2) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185) barred a subsequent charge for consumption of a
controlled drug in respect of the same incident. It was held that the
detention order was not a conviction that would bar the subsequent charge. It
was noted at [para ] 14:

> _... all that was required for a detention order to be made against the
> petitioner under s 37(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act was that the Director of
> the CNB be satisfied that it was `necessary` for the petitioner to `undergo
> treatment or rehabilitation or both at an approved institution`. To
> paraphrase Abdoolcader J [in**Yeap Hock Seng v Minister for Home Affairs,
> Malaysia & Ors** [1975] 2 MLJ 279 ], in the making of the detention order,
> there was no question of any specific offence being identified as having
> been committed by the petitioner and certainly no question of the petitioner
> being tried on any particular charge. In short, I could see no basis for
> saying that the detention order made against the petitioner on 30 January
> 1996 amounted to a criminal conviction. In my view, therefore, the
> conviction sustained by the petitioner on 19 September 1997 could not be
> said to constitute an instance of `double jeopardy._

  
  
Similarly in this case, there was no question of any specific offence being
identified as having been committed by the petitioner at the breach
proceedings. Nor was there any question of the petitioner being tried on any
particular charge.  
  
In the context of disciplinary proceedings, it was argued before a court of
three judges in **Law Society of Singapore v Edmund Nathan** [1998] 3 SLR 414
that a finding by an inquiry committee of improper conduct by the respondent
barred show cause proceedings against him concerning the same incident. The
court held that the plea of** _autrefois convict_** did not apply because the
finding by the inquiry committee did not amount to a conviction of the
respondent. The judgment of the court was delivered by Karthigesu JA, who said
at [para ] 24:

> _most important of all the proceedings before the inquiry committee was not
> a trial. The respondent was not called upon to answer a specific charge. He
> was only called upon to explain his conduct in relation to the complaint
> made against him._

  
  
Similarly in this case, the petitioner was not called upon to answer a
specific charge. What the breach proceedings did involve was representations
made by the manager of the approved school regarding the continued suitability
of detaining the petitioner at the home.  
  
In summary, the claim of** _autrefois convict_** failed because the breach
proceedings did not concern facts or offences that were even substantially
similar to that of the carnal connection proceedings on 27 January 2000, and
because the breach proceedings did not involve the trial of a specific charge
but the determination of the continued suitability of the petitioner at the
home based on representations made by the manager of the home. The order
sending the petitioner to SBH for the unexpired period of the first order was
consequently merely a transfer order and did not amount to a conviction. The
second order imposed on the petitioner therefore could not be said to be a
second conviction on substantially the same facts or offence.  
  
**_Abuse of process_**

****

The other argument raised by the petitioner was abuse of process. This was
Lord Devlin`s alternative approach to **_autrefois convict_** in
**_Connelly_**. Under this approach, the court has a discretionary power to
quash or stay an indictment which to try would be oppressive to the accused.  
  
The petitioner`s abuse of process argument was essentially built on two
unrelated planks:

(a) that there was procedural irregularity in that the breach proceedings
should only have commenced after or concurrently with the carnal connection
proceedings;

(b) that the failure to stay the breach proceedings till after the carnal
connection proceedings or to have it heard concurrently prejudiced the
petitioner in his defence at the carnal connection proceedings.  
  
The petitioner argued that there was procedural irregularity in having the
breach proceedings commence before the carnal connection proceedings because
this court had said in **Ng Kwok Fai v PP** [1996] 1 SLR 568  that it is
desirable that an offender be dealt with at the same time for both the breach
of the probation order and the subsequent offence.  
  
Such an application of **_Ng Kwok Fai_** was totally out of context. That case
involved the Probation of Offenders Act (Cap 252). Under s 7 of that Act, if
the requirements of the probation order are breached, the court has the power
to deal with the probationer as if it had just convicted him of the offence
for which the probation order was made. In **_Ng Kwok Fai_** , the probation
order was breached as a result of the probationer`s committal of a second
offence. The probationer was sentenced to undergo reformative training for
that second offence. At the subsequent breach proceedings for the probation
order given for the first offence, the district judge sentenced the
probationer to 18 months` imprisonment and six strokes of the cane, the
sentence to begin after the completion of the reformative training. At the
appeal against sentence, this court noted that a lengthy prison term and
caning after the reformative training would run counter to what reformative
training aimed to do. It was in this context that this court said that in
order to avoid similar difficulties arising, the probationer should ideally be
dealt with for his breach of probation order and his subsequent offence at the
same time.  
  
First of all, it should be noted that the dicta in **_Ng Kwok Fai_** was an
expression of a desired situation. It was not stated that it was procedurally
improper for breach of probation proceedings to be conducted after the
proceedings for the subsequent offence. On the contrary, it was noted that
this might be unavoidable under the regime laid out by the Probation of
Offenders Act, in situations where the order for probation was made by a court
other than a magistrate`s court. It was then suggested that in such a
situation, the court, in dealing with the offender for the subsequent offence,
should have regard to the fact that the offender would later have to be dealt
with for the offence for which he had been given probation, as the sentence
passed for the subsequent offence could restrict the type of sentence passed
by the court dealing later with the breach of probation.  
  
Second, the rationale for dealing with the probationer`s breach and the
subsequent offence at the same time is to allow the judge to be cognisant of
the potential sentence for the initial offence for which probation was given
as well as the potential sentence for the subsequent offence, thereby ensuring
that the sentences that are passed for both offences are not contrary to each
other.  
  
Such rationale is not applicable to s 44(2)(a) breach proceedings. This is
because the extent of judicial discretion in breach proceedings under s
44(2)(a) of the CYPA is vastly different from the extent of judicial
discretion in breach proceedings under s 7 of the Probation of Offenders Act.
In the latter case, the judge is empowered to sentence the probationer afresh
and hence draw on a variety of sentencing options. In the former case, the
judge`s power is narrowly limited to transferring the juvenile to another
approved school. He cannot extend the period of detention, nor can he make a
different order. Consequently, even if breach proceedings under s 44(2)(a) of
the CYPA are stayed until after the proceedings for the subsequent offence so
that the judge is aware of the sentence for the second offence, he would still
not be able to make much use of that knowledge since all he can do in respect
of s 44(2)(a) breach proceedings is to decide whether to transfer the juvenile
to another approved school. There is therefore little utility from mandating
that s 44(2)(a) breach proceedings be conducted concurrently with or after the
subsequent offence proceedings, and there is nothing that makes it
procedurally improper if the juvenile court does not do so.  
  
The second plank of the petitioner`s abuse of process argument was that the
failure to stay the breach proceedings till after the carnal connection
proceedings or to have it heard concurrently prejudiced the petitioner in his
defence at the carnal connection proceedings. This was because his admission
to the breach at the breach proceedings ruled out the availability of the
defence under s 140(5) of the Women`s Charter that there was reasonable cause
to believe that the girl was above the age of 16 years.  
  
I had several difficulties with this argument. One difficulty was the fact
that, as mentioned, the breach proceedings did not focus on the petitioner`s
carnal connection offences, but on his frequent absconding and his activities
while at large. Therefore, while it was clear that when the petitioner
admitted to the breach he was admitting to absconding for a total of 71 days,
it was far more difficult to conclude from the court record that he was
admitting to the sexual relationships. Moreover, all that was mentioned in the
progress report was that the petitioner had sexual relationships with a female
resident of the home. There was no indication of the female resident`s age,
nor whether the petitioner knew what her age was. Therefore, even if there was
an admission to sexual relationships, such an admission was confined to the
fact of having sexual relationships alone and did not preclude a defence of
reasonable belief that the girl was under 16 years of age. Finally, it was
difficult to see how the alleged prejudice could take the form of ruling out a
defence of reasonable cause of belief that the girl was over 16 years. Such a
defence would have been extremely unrealistic for the petitioner in view of
the fact that they were both residents in a home for juveniles and the fact
that they knew each other very well.  
  
In order for the court to quash the petitioner`s finding of guilt on the
ground of abuse of process, the petitioner had to show that the bringing of
the carnal connection proceedings against him was oppressive. This the
petitioner tried to do unsuccessfully, by asserting procedural irregularity on
the basis of a decision that was taken wholly out of context, and by asserting
the suffering of prejudice which was not demonstrated.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

In view of these reasons, the petition was dismissed. I should add that when
the legal arguments are said and done, what lies at the heart of this matter
is the boy and his future. At the breach proceedings, he expressed a desire to
change. At the carnal connection proceedings, he expressed a desire to carry
on staying in SBH. It is hoped that the engaging of a lawyer to make this
petition has not created any sense of self-righteousness, false pride or
increased rebelliousness. It would be sad if in the process of seeking the
help of the law, that process diminished in any way the hope and desire to
change.  
  
**Outcome:**

Petition dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jul 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

