Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Industrial & Commercial Bank Limited v Banco Ambrosiano Veneto S.P.A.  
[2000] SGHC 188

Case Number | : | Suit 600167/2000, RA 600236/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 September 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC with Hri Kumar (Drew & Napier) for the plaintiff; Yang Ing Loong (Allen & Gledhill) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Industrial & Commercial Bank Limited — Banco Ambrosiano Veneto S.P.A.   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Decision**

1\. This was another application for stay of proceedings on the ground of
forum non-conveniens. The original application was made by the defendant, a
bank incorporated in Italy, before the learned Assistant Registrar, Tan Wen
Shan. She dismissed it. The defendant then appealed. I heard the appeal and
agreed with the decision below. The defendant is now appealing to the Court of
Appeal.

****

Facts

2\. Both parties are banks. The plaintiff is a bank incorporated in Singapore.
It has brought this suit against the defendant in order to enforce payment
under two standby letters of credit (‘the SBLCs’) which the defendant had
issued in its favour in June and September 1999 respectively.

3\. The SBLCs were issued to procure the plaintiff to grant banking facilities
to a Singapore company now called Global Trade and Consultancy Pte Ltd
(‘Global’) and one Amarendra Nath Ghosh (‘Ghosh’). At all material times,
Ghosh was a customer of the defendant.

4\. It was a term of the facilities that an event of default would occur if,
in the plaintiff’s opinion, there was any change or threatened change in the
circumstances which would adversely affect any security held by the plaintiff
or the borrowers’ abilities to perform their obligations under the facilities.
In January and February 2000, the defendant sent the plaintiff faxes alleging
that:

> (a) Ghosh was suspected of perpetrating a fraud on the defendant through the
> use of various accounts with the plaintiff, including Global’s account,
> maintained and/or controlled by Ghosh; and
>
> (b) the SBLCs were issued fraudulently and were null and void.

5\. The plaintiff then declared an event of default and demanded payment of
all sums owing to it by Global and Ghosh. The plaintiff also made demands on
the SBLCs. The defendant did not meet the demands and on 16 February 2000, the
plaintiff filed this action against the defendant. Six days later, on 22
February, the defendant commenced proceedings in Udine, Italy, against the
plaintiff and others in which it sought a declaration that the SBLCs were null
and void. This application to stay the proceedings in favour of the Italian
courts was first made on 18 April 2000.

6\. It appears from the affidavits filed by the defendant that it is resisting
the plaintiff’s claim on the basis that the SBLCs were fraudulently issued, in
fraud of the defendant, by one Philip Pigozzo, an ex-employee of the
defendant. The defendant also alleges that the fraudulent issue of the SBLCs
was part of a highly sophisticated banking fraud involving at least two other
persons, to wit, Ghosh and one Samuel Lee, an ex-employee of the plaintiff.

7\. As far as the action proper is concerned, the main issue is whether the
SBLCs are void and consequently unenforceable. It is the defendant who has the
burden of establishing the nullity of the SBLCs. To do so, it will not only
have to show that the SBLCs were fraudulently issued by its employee but also
that Samuel Lee was a participant in the fraud and had notice of Pigozzo’s
fraud and thirdly, that Samuel Lee’s fraud r knowledge of Pigozzo’s fraud is
attributable to the plaintiff.

8\. As far as the application and appeal were concerned, the issue was whether
the defendant could show that Singapore was not the appropriate forum for the
trial of the action but that the Italian court would be clearly and distinctly
the more appropriate forum for the trial.

****

Factors in favour of Italy

9\. The defendant submitted that a substantial portion of the facts arose in
Italy. The defendant is resident in Italy, the SBLCs were issued in Italy,
Pigozz’s fraud was committed in Italy, the payment obligations of the SBLCs
were in Italy in the sense that funds were in Italy, the scope of Pigozz’s
authority has to be determined by hearing witnesses and perusing documents in
Italy, there are pending Italian criminal and civil proceedings, the Italian
criminal court has issued a decree of preventive seizure, the place of expiry
of one SBLC is in Italy and the principle witnesses regarding Pigozz’s fraud
(including the police investigators) are in Italy.

10\. The evidence that the defendant needs to support the allegation of fraud
is in Italy. It will not be possible for a Singapore court to compel
disclosure from the police in Italy regarding the evidence of Pigozzo’s or
anyone else’s fraud. The defendant could not compel either an Italian police
officer or Pigozzo to attend the trial in Singapore and would therefore be
deprived of key evidence. If the trial took place in Italy, the defendant
would be able to adduce evidence from Pigozzo that he had acted fraudulently
in issuing the SBLCs and that he was also involved in a larger fraud. It would
also be able to adduce evidence from Pigozzo regarding Samuel Lee’s
involvement in the fraud.

****

Connecting factors in Singapore

11\. The defendant submitted that the plaintiff had only two connecting
factors to point to. The first was that Samuel Lee is resident in Singapore
and the second is that the SBLCs are stated to be subject to Singapore law and
the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts. That was not quite
correct. The plaintiff is resident here. All its evidence is here and the
place of performance under the SBLCs is Singapore in the sense that the
plaintiff has the power to direct where payment is to be made.

**

Reasoning

**

12\. I was of the view that although there were some factors pointing towards
the Italian courts as appropriate for the trial of the action, those factors
did not outweigh the factors which pointed to Singapore as the more
appropriate forum. Even if the factors had been evenly balanced, the defendant
would not have been able to discharge its burden and the application would
have failed. But this was not an evenly balanced case: the weight of the
factors clearly fell in favour of Singapore.

13\. First, the SBLCs are expressly governed by Singapore law. If the action
were to be heard in Italy, legal experts from Singapore would have to be
produced there to give evidence. This would not be satisfactory: there would
be language difficulties and also differences in approach between the Italian
civil law system and the Singapore common law system. Singapore law is best
expounded by Singapore courts. This was a very powerful factor pointing
towards Singapore.

14\. The SBLCs also contained a non-exclusive jurisdiction in favour of the
Singapore courts. In _Bambang Sutrisno v Bali International Finance Ltd_[1999]
3 SLR 140, the Court of Appeal held that the court should give weight to this
clause even though it is non-exclusive and gives a right to the parties to
institute proceedings in any other jurisdiction they may deem fit. A clause of
this nature, even though non-exclusive, indicates that the parties consider
Singapore to be an appropriate forum for the hearing of their dispute.

15\. The defendant argued that weight should not be given to either the
governing law or the non-exclusive jurisdiction clause because the SBLCs had
been procured by fraud and were therefore void. I could not accept this
argument. The SBLCs have not yet been established to be void. It is their
status that is at issue in the case and the court cannot determine an
interlocutory application on the basis of an allegation that has not been
proved. In this regard, I adopt, with respect, the following view expressed by
the Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of Ontario in _Ash v Corporation of
Lloyds_[1992] 9 OR (3d) 755:

> ‘The plaintiffs argue that the exclusive jurisdiction clauses should be
> ignored because if there has been fraud in the circumstances surrounding the
> procurement of the contracts then the contracts are void ab initio and the
> clauses relating to forum are of no effect. I agree with McKeown J, and with
> the authorities he cites, to the effect that an allegation that a contract
> is void ab initio does not make it so until a final judgment of the court.
> If the plaintiffs can commence an action with an allegation of fraud which
> would void the contract and thus vitiate a choice of jurisdiction clause
> from the outset, then they may succeed on the merits while enjoying their
> own choice of jurisdiction or fail on the merits while depriving the
> defendant of the contracted choice. These clauses are too important in
> international commerce to permit that anomalous result to flow.’ (per Carthy
> JA at p 758)

The above passage was quoted in the Australian case of _Fai General Insurance
Co Ltd v Ocean Marine Mutual Protection and Indemnity Association Ltd_[case
50135 of 1996, Supreme Court, New South Wales, unreported] where the court
held that the provisions for exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in
certain contracts it was considering, would survive the avoidance ab initio of
the contracts so as to direct determination of the disputes over avoidance to
the English courts.

16\. It is only logical that the governing law and jurisdiction clauses in
this case are considered to be valid for the purposes of this application
notwithstanding the challenge mounted to the SBLCs by the defendant.
Applications for a stay, like this, are usually heard before the defence is
filed and before any trial on the merits. If the defendant’s argument were
accepted it would mean allowing the defendant to neutralise the effect of the
jurisdiction clause simply by alleging fraud on the part of the plaintiff.

17\. Further, in this case the SBLCs are prima facie valid documents. They
were issued by the defendant bank and sent to the plaintiff via authenticated
SWIFT. The plaintiff was entitled to treat the issue of the documents as
having been properly authorised by the defendant. It is only if the defendant
is able to prove that an employee of the plaintiff was aware that the SBLCs
were issued without authority as part of the fraud, and that that employee’s
knowledge has to be ascribed to the plaintiff, that the defendant will be able
to avoid the documents. Otherwise, notwithstanding Pigozzo’s fraud, the
defendant would be bound by the SBLCs. When a document is sent by one bank to
another through the authenticated SWIFT system, the recipient bank is relieved
of making enquiries as to the validity of the document or the authority of the
sender. Thus, the plaintiff’s rights under the SBLCs, including its right to
rely on the jurisdiction clause, cannot be prejudiced at an interlocutory
stage by a mere allegation of fraud.

18\. The defendant’s strongest point was that much of its evidence was in
Italy. Its witnesses are Italian speaking and its documents in the Italian
language. Also the police investigators are in Italy. This factor had,
however, to be balanced against the fact that the plaintiff’s witnesses are
here. They do not speak Italian and their documents are in English. Wherever
the trial is held one set of witnesses will have to travel and one set of
documents would have to be translated. On balance therefore this was a neutral
factor.

19\. The defendant sought to add weight to this factor by stating it would not
be able to bring Pigozzo to Singapore. Pigozzo’s evidence can, however, be
adduced in Singapore by video conferencing. Even if that route were not
possible, the defendant would be able to prove Pigozzo’s fraud by the
testimony of his colleagues and superiors as to his authority and as to the
unauthorised actions which their investigations revealed. As the plaintiff
submitted, it is not necessary in order to prove a fraud that the evidence of
the fraudster himself be adduced. The fraud can be as well proved by testimony
from investigators and others with knowledge of the books and procedures of
the defendant and the powers delegated to Pigozzo. Not even the police are
necessary.

20\. The plaintiff has a similar difficulty. Most of its witnesses could
travel to Italy if necessary. The plaintiff would not, however, be able to
ensure Samuel Lee’s presence at a trial in Italy since first, he is no longer
their employee and secondly, he is likely to be reluctant to go to a country
where he may be arrested like Pigozzo was. Whilst Pigozzo’s evidence would be
helpful to the defendant, it is not essential. Samuel Lee’s testimony would,
however, be essential in determining the extent of the fraud and the
plaintiff’s knowledge, if any, of it since the defendant claims that he
conspired with or assisted Pigozzo in the fraud. It should be noted that at
this stage Pigozzo has not implicated Lee but if he does so in a trial in
Italy the plaintiff would have great difficulty in challenging that evidence
in the absence of Lee.

21\. The defendant named others apart from Lee and Pigozzo who were or were
suspected of being involved in the fraud. Apart from Pigozzo, none of these
have any connection with Italy. The whereabouts of two, Ghosh and one Ante
Devic, a Yugoslavian, are unknown. On the other hand, one Ng Yean Kiat is a
Singaporean and the defendant has also mentioned ‘some other high level
officials’ of the plaintiff as being involved and these must be in Singapore.
Overall, the evidence necessary to prove two-thirds of the defendant’s case
(Samuel Lee’s participation and the plaintiff’s knowledge) is to be found in
Singapore rather than Italy.

22\. The defendant also relied on a decree of preventive seizure made by the
Italian court. This decree it said was issued at the request of the public
prosecutor and was not within the control of either party. As a result of the
decree, if the plaintiff were to succeed in an action in Singapore, the
defendant would be in contempt of the Italian court if it sought to satisfy
the Singapore judgment. It would be in an invidious position because it would
be faced with two contradictory court orders.

23\. In this regard, I accepted the plaintiff’s submission that the argument
was misconceived. First, the purpose of the decree was to prevent further
fraud from being perpetrated through the use of the SBLCs. It cannot logically
relieve the defendant from honouring its legal obligations. If the defendant
were right, it would be relieved from paying from the SBLCs even if the
Italian civil courts rule in the plaintiff’s favour on the SBLCs. That cannot
be so. Further, the plaintiff’s expert witness, Professor Mazzoni, stated in
his affidavit that if a court of competent jurisdiction rules in favour of the
plaintiff on the SBLCs, an application might be made to the criminal courts to
allow payment. The defendant did not deny that that could be done. Secondly,
in any event, the decree presents no difficulty for the defendant. If the
defendant is correct, the decree excuses it from paying on any judgment
against it and therefore it is the plaintiff who will be disadvantaged by the
decree not the defendant.

24\. Having considered the factors that connected the action with Italy and
those that connected it with Singapore, I was not able to conclude that Italy
was clearly and distinctly the more appropriate forum. I therefore dismissed
the appeal.

Judith Prakash

Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Sep 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

