Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## WYNO Marine Pte Ltd (In Liquidation) v Lim Teck Cheng and Others (Koh Chye
Heng and Others, Third Parties)  
[2000] SGHC 10

Case Number | : | Suit 2274/1993, BOC 328, 572 and 573 of 1999, SIC 6867, 6892, 6893 and 6894 of 1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 January 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Shanmugam SC and Ashok Kumar [Allen & Gledhill] for the plaintiffs; S Selvam [Ramdas & Wong] for the 1st, 2nd and 6th defendants; Monoj Kumar Roy [Roy & Partners] for the 1st Third Party; Benjamin Goh Kay Poh [Bernard, Rada & Partners] for the 3rd Third Party   
Parties | : |  WYNO Marine Pte Ltd (In Liquidation) — Lim Teck Cheng; Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd; Ong Hock Hoe trading as Lee & Kong Engineering Work; Kong Fook Peng trading as Lee & Kong Engineering Work; Lee Beng Chong trading as Lee & Kong Engineering Work; Kok Lee Seng trading as Lee & kong Sub-contractor — Koh Chye Heng; Ong Ah Yeo Yenna; Foong Ah Pang   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**_

_ ORAL JUDGMENT __**

1\. I am asked to review the award of costs by the learned assistant registrar
in respect of the bills of costs by the plaintiffs, first Third Party and
third Third Party. His initial awards were $390,000, $290,000 and $240,000
respectively. At the parties’ request for a review, the learned assistant
registrar revised his awards to $485,000, $270,000 and $210,000 respectively.

2\. Mr Shanmugam SC submits that the work done would easily justify an award
of up to $900,000 for the plaintiffs alone, but he says that in any event it
should be more fairly pegged around $750,000.

3\. The two Third Parties are content with their revised awards, but Mr Selvam
for the first defendant asks that these awards be revised lower especially if
the plaintiffs’ costs are revised upwards.

4\. It was submitted by Mr Shanmugam SC, without challenge by Mr Selvam that
the learned assistant registrar assessed the overall costs payable to be
$920,000 and then proceeded to apportion this sum among the three claiming
parties. There is no written grounds from the assistant registrar to confirm
that this was the approach he took. However, on review, he revised his awards
by reducing the costs to the two third parties, and increasing the costs to
the plaintiffs, beyond the total amount reduced from the Third Parties
therefore increasing the overall payment to be made by the first defendant.

5\. The governing principle in a review of the taxation of costs is clearly
set out in the Court of Appeal decision in _Diversey (Far East) Pte Ltd v Chai
Chung Ching Chester & Ors (No. 2) [1993] 1 SLR 542_. The decision delivered by
the learned Rajendran J. favours a non-interference approach to the awards by
the taxation officer on the basis that such awards are matters of judicial
discretion. It follows therefore, that unless a wrong principle was applied in
the assessment of the costs, the award should stand.

6\. However, there are instances such as this in which there are no written
grounds to indicate what principles had been applied. I note Mr Shanmugam SC’s
submission (supported by Mr Roy and Mr Goh) that the assistant registrar first
assessed the global amount and then apportioned that to the three claiming
parties. If, that is so, in my humble view, it would be an application of a
wrong principle for the simple reason that it proceeded with no basis for
arriving at the global sum. The consideration of a gross overall sum is
relevant in cases where the bill is put up by a single party, but not where
more than one party’s bills are being assessed together. Keeping the overall
sum in view is a useful way of controlling the escalation of costs. Since
there are no written grounds, I cannot assume what approach the learned
assistant registrar took. I say this without at all questioning the integrity
of counsel.

7\. I will, therefore, approach this review by working out what I think the
costs ought to be. If the differences are small then the awards of the
assistant registrar ought not be disturbed. If the differences are substantial
then the reviewing judge may be entitled to revise the awards.

8\. In this case, I have the advantage of being the trial judge in this action
and although I cannot claim to remember much of the case, the overall flavour
lingers in my mind, but as Rajendran J says in the _Diversey_ case, it is not
appropriate in a review of this sort to indulge in protracted and minute
examination of the evidence or the issues of the trial.

9\. By mutual agreement, the parties conceded that a total of 38 days were
spent at trial after deducting wasted time-off. On this basis, I would award a
sum of $10,000 a day for 38 days to the plaintiffs. The total for this comes
to $380,000. I think that the costs per trial day in the High Court can vary
between $3,000 to $15,000 depending on the circumstances. In this case, I take
into account that Mr Shanmugam SC fought the longest and the hardest, but also
that there were days when the Third Party counsel relieved him somewhat.
Therefore, over the long course of 38 days, an estimate of $10,000 to Mr
Shanmugam would be fair.

10\. I would also award him $120,000 for getting up; perhaps slightly on the
low side, but I am constantly keeping in mind the approaching overall sum
total, having taken into account the $380,000 for the 38 trial days. I will
also award him $20,000 for each of three long adjournments in the course of
the trial. The total award to the plaintiffs which I think would be fair and
just is therefore $560,000 ($380,000 + $120,000 + $60,000). I am ignoring the
short adjournments.

11\. In respect of the first Third Party, I am of the view that he should be
awarded $5,000 a day for the 38 days trial. He was concerned with fewer issues
than the plaintiffs, and the bulk of the work at trial was carried by Mr
Shanmugam SC. For the lesser extent to which he has to prepare (a defence as
opposed to a claim) I assess $60,000 to be a fair amount for getting up. I
would also award him $10,000 for each of the three refreshers. Thus his award
should be $280,000 ($190,000 + $60,000 + $30,000).

12\. In respect of the third Third Party, his role was even smaller than that
played by the first Third Party and his trial action was similarly reduced. I
would award him $4,000 a day for 38 days. I would award a sum of $40,000 for
the getting up and $10,000 for each of the three refreshers. The total award
for him should be $222,000 ($152,000 + $40,000 + $30,000).

13\. It is clear that my assessment does not differ very much from that of the
learned assistant registrar in respect of the two Third Parties. There will
therefore be no revision in respect of their costs. Mr Selvam’s application is
dismissed.

14\. In respect of the plaintiffs’ costs, I think that the difference of
$75,000 to be sufficiently substantial to warrant a revision. I, therefore,
allow the plaintiffs’ application and revise the total costs awarded to him
from $485,000 to $560,000.

15\. In conclusion, I should say that the evidence of the two Third Parties
had been very helpful and crucial in my judgment at the trial, but where costs
are concerned, unfortunately, there is no value added for such performances,
save the record of my gratitude.

16\. I would describe the overall positions of the claiming parties as
follows. The third Third Party was defending a small, albeit, important
outpost; and the first Third Party was defending an entire front-line. But the
plaintiffs were charged with the supreme command of the war, and bore the
brunt of the fight in the many fronts that were opened.

\- Sgd -

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Jan 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

