Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Boonann Construction Pte Ltd  
[2000] SGHC 128

Case Number | : | OP 17/1999, SIC 601780/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 July 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Tian Luh (Helen Yeo & Partners) for the Bank of Singapore; Nazim Khan and Chng Bee Peng (Colin Ng & Partners) for the applicants   
Parties | : | —  
  
Companies – Receiver and manager – Judicial management order – Redemption of
mortgaged property – Whether interest on amounts secured by mortgage ceasing
to run on date of judicial management order -- Whether proof of debt
crystallises company's liabilities vis-a-vis its creditors – Whether
principles of liquidation applicable to judicial management  
  
Words and Phrases – 'Sums secured by the security' – s 227H(5) Companies Act
(Cap 50, 1994 Ed)  
  

: The summons-in-chambers which I had to consider was initiated by Mr Chan Ket
Teck and Mr Chew Kia Ngee in their capacity as the judicial managers of
Boonann Construction Pte Ltd (`the company`).  
  
The company is the owner of the property known as No 19 Kaki Bukit Industrial
Terrace, Singapore (`the property`). In May 1996, the Bank of Singapore (`the
bank`) offered the company credit facilities of up to $2.7m on the security
of, inter alia, an `All Monies Open Mortgage` over the property. This mortgage
was duly executed and served as security to the bank for all credit facilities
which it from time to time extended to the company.  
  
The company was put under judicial management on 25 June 1999. At that time,
the total sum owing to the bank by the company, inclusive of interest, was
$2,265,452.23.  
  
On 11 April 2000, the judicial managers filed this application by which they
asked the court for the following orders:

(1) a declaration that in respect of the intended redemption by the judicial
managers of the property, the total sum owing to the bank by the company was
$2,265,452.23 as at 25 June 1999 which included interest up to the date of
judicial management order only;

(2) that the redemption should operate as a full discharge and extinction of
all sums owing to the bank by the company under all credit facilities provided
by the bank to the company.

  
  
At the hearing before me which took place on 26 April, the judicial managers
asked for a further order which was that the court sanction their intended
redemption of the property from the mortgage.  
  
The crux of the application was the judicial managers` contention that
interest on the amounts secured by the mortgage had ceased to run on the date
that the company had been placed under judicial management. I was not able to
accept this argument which ran counter to all established principles on the
rights of a secured creditor. It was not supported by case authority or by
statute.  
  
Accordingly, although I made an order sanctioning the redemption of the
mortgage by the judicial managers, I specifically authorised the payment to
the bank of all sums due and payable under the mortgage, inclusive of
interest, up to the date of payment. Further, I dismissed the judicial
managers` prayer for a declaration and ordered the company to pay the legal
costs of the bank in connection with the application which I fixed at $800.
Also I fixed the judicial managers` costs of the application at $1,200 and
provided that these should be paid out of the assets of the company. The
judicial managers have appealed against all these orders except for the one
relating to their own costs.  
  
**_Judicial management regime_**

****

  
  
The judicial management regime was introduced into the law of Singapore via
the enactment of the Companies (Amendment) Act 1987. As commentators have
observed (see **_Company Law_** (2nd Ed) by Walter Woon and **_Judicial
Management in Singapore_** by Choong and Rajah), the aim of the legislation
was to introduce a breathing space for companies in financial difficulty.
Under the pre-existing law, such companies could not prevent their creditors
from appointing receivers or commencing winding-up proceedings. This meant
that even companies which had substantial assets could be wound up because
they were not liquid and could not pay their debts as they fell due. Under the
new regime, once a judicial manager is appointed, there is a moratorium on
enforcement action by creditors and this moratorium period is intended to be
used to find a way to save the company without having to liquidate it. The
judicial management situation is, however, not intended to be permanent. The
initial order is made for a period of six months only and whilst this can be
extended, the intention is that if the company cannot be saved within a
reasonable time, the judicial management will end and creditors will be
allowed to wind it up or take other action to enforce recovery of their debts.  
  
The essential protection received by a company in judicial management is that
civil proceedings may not be commenced against it, existing actions are
stayed, execution processes may not be carried out and the company may not be
wound up: see s 227D Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Ed) (`the Act`). Upon the
judicial management order being made, the board of directors is deprived of
its ability to run the company and its powers and functions are transferred to
the judicial managers (s 227G). They are then entitled to do all such things
as may be necessary for the management of the affairs, business and property
of the company and to do all other such things as the court may by order
sanction.  
  
Among the powers granted to the judicial managers by the Act is the power to
dispose of any property of the company which is subject to a security as if
the property were not subject to the security. The relevant section is s 227H.
In the case of property which is subject to a mortgage or a fixed charge (as
is the case here), however, the judicial manager can only dispose of the same
with the leave of court. Subsection (5) of s 227H specifically provides that
it shall be a condition of an order made for the sale of such a property that
the net proceeds of sale shall be applied towards `discharging the sums
secured by the security` and where the net proceeds of the sale are less than
the sums secured by the security, the holder of the security may prove on a
winding up for any balance due to him.  
  
It is notable that whilst the Act contemplates that there may be situations in
which it would be in the interest of the company in judicial management that
its property should be sold although the same is subject to a security, the
Act is at pains to protect the interests of the secured creditor. It does this
by providing for the net proceeds of sale to be paid to that creditor to
discharge the company`s obligation to it in priority to any other application
of the funds. The phrase used in the relevant subsection to refer to the
company`s indebtedness to the secured creditor is, as pointed out above, `the
sums secured by the security`. Practically the same expression appears in s
15(5) of the English Insolvency Act 1986 which gives an administrator of a
company (the English equivalent of a judicial manager) a similar power to sell
assets subject to a security. This phrase was commented on by Knox J in **Re
ARV Aviation** [1988] BCC 708 at 713 in the following terms:

> _In my judgment, the expression `the sums secured by the security` covers
> not only the capital sum secured by the security but all interest properly
> payable thereunder and any costs which the proprietor of the security is
> entitled to add to his security in accordance with the general law and the
> terms of the instrument in question. Anything less than that would, it seems
> to me, be an interference which I would not lightly expect Parliament to
> wish to make with the rights of such a secured creditor._

  
  
I entirely agree with his Lordship`s observations and consider that they apply
equally to the expression as it appears in s 227H of the Act.  
  
The Act does not specify the circumstances in which a mortgaged property
belonging to a company under judicial management may be redeemed. The
situation is covered generally by s 227G(6) which states that the judicial
manager cannot make any payment towards discharging any debt to which the
company was subject on the making of the judicial management order unless,
inter alia, the making of the payment is authorised by the court. No guidance
is given to the court by subsection as to when and on what terms the
redemption should be permitted and the decision on giving the requisite
sanction is left entirely in the discretion of the court. It is not a
situation with which a court is often faced since companies under judicial
management are rarely in a financial position to redeem properties which they
have mortgaged as security for their indebtedness.  
  
It appeared to me that in any event the secured creditor could not be placed
in a worse position by the judicial manager`s application for sanction to
redeem the security than it would be placed in by the judicial manager`s
application for sanction to sell the property. That would have been exactly
the result if I had accepted the judicial managers` proposition that for the
purposes of redemption of the mortgage, the contractually agreed interest had
ceased to accrue on the date of the judicial management order. It would be a
startling result if a regime that was intended to afford a company a breathing
space in which to re-organise its affairs could, despite the absence of any
specific legislative provision to that effect, allow it to escape from the
contractual obligation to pay interest embodied in a mortgage document. That
would be an interference with the established rights of creditors that can
only be accomplished by express legislative action. It should be noted that
the judicial managers did not dispute that the mortgage instrument which the
company had executed provided for the security so granted to the bank to cover
all interest payable on the facilities extended by the bank.  
  
**_Judicial managers` arguments_**

****

  
  
The judicial managers argued that based on rr 41, 44 and 50 of the Companies
Regulations (Cap 50, Rg 1, 1990 Ed) (`the Regulations`) which deal with proof
of debts in judicial management and by drawing an analogy in respect of
payments under proof of debts for company in liquidation, a creditor is only
entitled to compute interest up to the date of the judicial management order.
They pointed out that under r 41, in a judicial management, every creditor was
obliged to prove his debt. Such proof had, pursuant to r 44(1), to be in
compliance with Form 77 in the Second Schedule to the Regulations. That form
provides for the amount of the debt to be calculated as of the date of the
commencement of the judicial management. The judicial managers contended that
since Form 77 did not provide for proof of interest after the commencement of
the judicial management, the bank was not entitled to make any claim for
interest accruing after that date.  
  
I considered the above argument to be misconceived. It was muddling the
creditor`s right to charge and recover interest with its right to be involved
in the judicial management. As counsel for the bank submitted, the purpose of
requiring each creditor to file a proof of debt in a judicial management is to
enable the judicial manager to determine each creditor`s entitlement to
participate in the scheme of judicial management and the value of voting
rights in this participation. As Choong and Rajah state (at p 132):

> _The importance in lodging a proof cannot be overstated. The acceptance of
> the proof by the judicial manager is a condition precedent to a creditor`s
> participation in the scheme of judicial management. Only creditors whose
> claims have been accepted by the judicial manager may vote on whether to
> approve the judicial manager`s proposals._

  
  
The proof of debt in a judicial management does not crystallise the
liabilities of the company vis-.-vis its creditors for the purposes of
repayment of debt unlike in a liquidation situation. The fact that Form 77
only calls for the calculation of interest up to the date of the judicial
management order does not mean that interest on a secured debt would cease to
accrue. What it means is that for the purposes of determining the amount of
the secured creditors` debt and in turn his voting rights in the judicial
management, an artificial line is drawn on the date of the order and
indebtedness accruing after that date is not counted.  
  
Next, the judicial managers relied on r 50 of the Regulations. This reads:

> _On any debt or sum, payable at a certain time or otherwise whereon interest
> is not reserved or agreed for, and which is overdue at the date of the
> judicial management order, the creditor may prove for interest at a rate not
> exceeding 6% per annum to that date from the time when the debt or sum was
> payable, if the debt or sum is payable by virtue of a written instrument at
> a certain time, and if payable otherwise, then from the time when a demand
> in writing has been made, giving notice that interest will be claimed from
> the date of the demand until the time of payment._

  
  
They argued that if in a case where interest had not been agreed upon,
interest would only be calculated up to the date of judicial management order
then in a case, as here, where interest had been agreed upon, there would be
no reason for such a debt to be treated differently and the interest to be
calculated beyond the date of the judicial management order.  
  
I could not accept the interpretation which the judicial managers gave to r
50. In my judgment, it has no effect at all on the period during which
interest which had been the subject of a contractual agreement would continue
to accrue. It appeared to me that r 50 was designed to allow creditors who had
no previous contractual arrangements with the company on interest to include
an interest component in their proofs in order to increase their voting
rights. The rule embodies the recognition that if such creditors (usually
trade creditors) were to start legal proceedings against the company and
recover judgment for their debts they would, in all probability, be awarded
interest by the court. These creditors had, however, been prohibited from
taking such action by the passing of the judicial management order and thus
the passing of the rule was, I considered, a way of putting these creditors,
notionally, in the situation in which they would have been had the order not
been made. It would also help such creditors have a greater say in the
judicial management scheme vis-.-vis the secured creditors with contractually
agreed interest arrangements who would otherwise have greater voting rights
simply by reason of the accrual of interest up to the date of the order even
though the principal sum owing to them was equal or less than that owing to
the trade creditor.  
  
Whilst it is always possible for the legislature to abrogate contractual
arrangements on interest, this must be done expressly. It cannot be done in
the convoluted fashion which judicial managers put forward, ie that the effect
of expressly giving people who are not contractually entitled to interest a
right to prove for interest at a particular rate up to the date of the
judicial management order, is implicitly to deprive people who have such
contractual rights to interest from enjoying those rights after the date of
the order.  
  
The next argument put forward by the judicial managers relied on the fact that
in the liquidation of a company, all interest would cease to run as of the
date of the winding-up order. They submitted that the same rule should apply
to the judicial management situation. I am afraid that I could not follow
their argument on this point at all. Liquidation and judicial management are
two entirely distinct regimes with distinct legal consequences. There is
absolutely no logical reason why simply because interest ceases to run against
the company in liquidation it should also cease to run against the company in
judicial management. It is also not correct that interest ceases to run under
all circumstances when the company is put into liquidation. A secured creditor
is entitled to contractual interest up to the date of the liquidation of his
security notwithstanding the prior winding up of the debtor company. See **Re
Securitibank** [1980] 2 NZLR 714. It is only when the creditor is unsecured or
wishes to surrender his security and prove in the liquidation as an unsecured
creditor that he is subject to the limitations on interest provided by the
liquidation regime.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

  
  
I could not find a legal or a logical basis which justified the judicial
managers` application to stop interest on the mortgage running from the date
of their appointment. The judicial managers were the agents of the company
(see s 227I(1)(a)) and their powers could not exceed that of their principal.
Under the contract, the company could not redeem the mortgage except by paying
all interest which had accrued up to the date of redemption. The judicial
managers, as agents, could not be in a better position than their principal
was. I was surprised by the application. I am astonished by their appeal. It
is wrong to use the assets of a company which is already in financial
difficulty to pursue unsustainable legal proceedings.  
  
**Outcome:**

Order accordingly.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jul 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

