Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Beloff Michael Jacob QC  
[2000] SGHC 79

Case Number | : | OM 6/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 May 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Chuan Thye (Allen & Gledhill) for the applicant; Margaret George (Koh Ong & Partners) for the plaintiff in Suit 1454/1999; Jocelyn Ong (Attorney General's Chambers) for the Attorney General; Laurence Goh (Laurence Goh Eng Yau & Co) for the Law Society of Singapore   
Parties | : | —  
  
Legal Profession – Admission – Application for admission by Queen's Counsel –
Applicant to satisfy three-stage test for admission – s 21 Legal Profession
Act (Cap 161, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Legal Profession – Admission – Application for admission by Queen's Counsel –
Whether availability and ability of local counsel an absolute bar to admission
– Whether circumstances of case warrant court's exercise of discretion in
favour of admission – Defendants already engaging local Senior Counsel –
Whether defendants precluded from seeking admission of Queen's Counsel – Delay
in proceedings as a result of admission of Queen's Counsel  
  

: **_Introduction_**  
  
The applicant in this case, Mr Michael Jacob Beloff, Queen`s Counsel (`Mr
Beloff`), applied under s 21 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161) (the
`LPA`), to be admitted to practice as an advocate and solicitor for Singapore
Telecommunications Limited (`SingTel`) in Suit 1454/99 (the `suit`), and in
connection with all proceedings relating thereto. The application was opposed
by Japura Development Pte Ltd. I allowed the motion for admission. I now set
forth my reasons.  
  
**_Background facts of Suit 1454/99_**

****

The plaintiff in the suit is Japura Development Pte Ltd (`Japura`). SingTel is
the defendant. Japura claimed that a telecommunications plant (`the plant`),
which was laid in 1978 by the former Telecommunication Authority of Singapore
(`TAS`), and which became vested in SingTel on 1 April 1992, is trespassing on
its land (the `land`). Japura had acquired the land from the Urban
Redevelopment Authority (`URA`) and they intend to build on it a prestigious
residential complex, namely, the Costa Del Sol Condominium Development.  
  
The plant in question was laid in conjunction with the construction of the
East Coast Parkway, at a time when the land was still State land. The relevant
legislation at that time was the Telecommunication Authority of Singapore Act
(Act No 1 of 1974) (`the 1974 Act`). Section 45 of the 1974 Act empowered the
TAS, at all reasonable times, to enter upon any State land, and, subject to
the approval of the Commissioner of Lands, to install telecommunication
installations. On 1 April 1992, all the property, rights and liabilities
comprised in telecommunications undertakings of the TAS became vested in
SingTel by virtue of s 31 of the Telecommunication Authority of Singapore Act
(Cap 323, 1993 Ed) (Act 12 of 1992) (`the 1992 Act`). The plant was thus
vested in SingTel.  
  
SingTel`s defences in the suit are as follows: first, it contends that the
plant was laid in accordance with the then prevailing statutory requirements
under the 1974 Act. Further, or in the alternative, it contends that it has a
complete defence to Japura`s claims under s 107(1) of the 1992 Act, which
authorises the laying and maintaining of the plant on the land. Thirdly, it is
argued that Japura purchased the land with notice of the plant, and that it
would be a fraud by Japura on the vendor to deny SingTel the right to maintain
the plant on the land.  
  
The issues in the suit, as identified by counsel, are as follows:

(a) whether the request by the Public Works Department (the `PWD`) in 1976 to
the TAS to lay the plant satisfied the requirements of s 45 of the 1974 Act;

(b) whether the PWD`s request amounted to the grant to the TAS of an
irrevocable licence to lay and maintain the plant on State land;

(c) the scope, extent and application of s 107 of the 1992 Act;

(d) whether it is a fraud by Japura on the Government of Singapore to maintain
the suit against SingTel, given the terms upon which Japura purchased the land
from the Government.  
  
By way of SIC 6000239/99 (`the substantive application`), SingTel applied for
a determination under O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322) as to whether
it is entitled to rely upon s 107(1) of the 1992 Act as authority for
maintaining the plant on the land, even if the plant had been laid on the land
without the approval of the Commissioner of Lands as required under the
statutory provisions preceding the 1992 Act, in particular the 1974 Act. This
substantive application was fixed to be heard on 26 January 2000. However, on
that occasion, Japura successfully applied for an adjournment, pending the
determination of the application to admit Mr Stuart Lindsay Isaacs, Queen`s
Counsel (`Mr Isaacs`), to argue the case on their behalf. On 9 February 2000,
I allowed Mr Isaacs`s application for admission, and admitted him under s 21
of the LPA for the purpose of appearing as counsel on behalf of Japura in the
Suit, and in connection with all proceedings relating thereto. On 23 February
2000, the parties made a joint application to the court and fixed the hearing
of the substantive application (ie SIC 6000239/99) on 17 and 18 April 2000.  
  
Around the end of February 2000, SingTel instructed its solicitors, Allen and
Gledhill (A&G) to apply for a Queen`s Counsel to argue its case against
Japura. Pursuant to SingTel`s directions, A&G also instructed Mr Beloff. On 28
February 2000, A&G verbally notified Japura`s solicitors, Koh Ong & Partners,
of SingTel`s intentions. The following day, A&G wrote formally to Koh Ong &
Partners about the same matter. On 2 March 2000, Koh Ong & Partners indicated
that Japura objected to the application.  
  
**_The law_**

****

Mr Beloff`s application was made pursuant to s 21 of the LPA. Under s 21(1),
the court -

> _... may for the purpose of any case where the court is satisfied that it is
> of sufficient difficulty and complexity and having regard to the
> circumstances of the case, admit to practise as an advocate and solicitor
> any person who -_

> _
>
> (a) holds her Majesty`s Patent as Queen`s Counsel;
>
> (b) does not ordinarily reside in Singapore or Malaysia but who has come or
> intends to come to Singapore for the purpose of appearing in the case; and
>
> (c) has special qualifications or experience for the purpose of the case.
>
> _

  
  
The case of **Price Arthur Leolin v A-G & Ors** [1992] 2 SLR 972  established
a three-stage test to be applied by the court in an application for admission
of a Queen`s Counsel. At the first stage, the applicant must demonstrate that
the case in which he seeks to appear contains issues of fact and/or law of
sufficient difficulty and complexity to require elucidation by a Queen`s
Counsel. Such difficulty or complexity is not of itself a guarantee of
admission, for the decision to admit is still a matter for the court`s general
discretion. Thus, at the second stage, the applicant must persuade the court
that the circumstances of the particular case warrant the court`s exercise of
discretion in favour of his admission. Finally, the applicant has to satisfy
the court that he is a suitable candidate for admission.  
  
**_The present application_**

****

In relation to the first limb of the three-stage test, there was no serious
dispute by Japura that the present case contains issues of sufficient
difficulty and complexity to require elucidation by a Queen`s Counsel. Indeed,
there could be no such dispute, for in Mr Isaacs`s earlier application for
admission, Japura had itself taken the position that the issues in the suit
were of sufficient difficulty and complexity to warrant the admission of Mr
Isaacs to argue on its behalf. Consistent with my finding in relation to Mr
Issacs`s application for admission, I also found in relation to Mr Beloff`s
application that the issues in the suit are sufficiently difficult and complex
to warrant the admission of a Queen`s Counsel.  
  
Essentially, Japura`s objections to Mr Beloff`s application were two-fold.
First, it was argued that SingTel was already ably represented by local Senior
Counsel, Mr Michael Hwang SC (`Mr Hwang`), and therefore the admission of Mr
Beloff was neither necessary nor appropriate. Secondly, it was argued that the
admission of Mr Beloff would result in a protracted delay which would unjustly
prejudice Japura. Mr Beloff had indicated that he would not be available on 17
and 18 April 2000, and the substantive hearing scheduled to be heard on those
dates would have to be vacated. Apparently, Mr Isaacs was not available on the
new dates indicated by SingTel, and he would only be available in July 2000,
at the earliest.  
  
The two objections made by Japura were really in relation to the second limb
of the three-stage test. This limb requires that the applicant show the court
why the circumstances of the particular case justify a Queen`s Counsel`s
appearance. As was held in **_Price Arthur Leolin v A-G_** (supra), once the
applicant has satisfied the first limb of the test, and the court is satisfied
that the case is difficult and complex enough to warrant the assistance of a
Queen`s Counsel, the next consideration must be the exercise of discretion.
The court has to balance the long term need to foster a strong and independent
bar in our own jurisdiction against the individual justice of each case, which
may demand that a particularly specialised and skilled Queen`s Counsel be
permitted to assist the court. Since circumstances vary from case to case, the
second limb of the test can only be considered on a case-by-case basis.  
  
Japura`s first objection was that SingTel was already ably represented by
Senior Counsel Mr Michael Hwang SC and junior counsel, and therefore did not
require the services of Mr Beloff. The first point to note is that the
availability and ability of local counsel is not per se an absolute bar to
admission of a Queen`s Counsel - at the second stage of the test for
admission, the court is required to engage in a balancing exercise, and the
ability and availability of local counsel is only one of the factors to be
placed on the scales: see **Re Caplan Jonathan Michael QC (No 2)** [1998] 1
SLR 440 . The second point to note is that there is no general rule that
prohibits a litigant from engaging both a Queen`s Counsel and a local Senior
Counsel to argue his case. What the court is concerned with in each case is
whether, having found that the issues of fact and law are of sufficient
difficulty or complexity to justify the admission of a Queen`s Counsel, there
are circumstances in that particular case which point the court towards either
exercising or not exercising its discretion in favour of the applicant. Each
case must be decided on its own facts.  
  
Mr Tan Chuan Thye, appearing for Mr Beloff, explained at the hearing of this
application that, after the court`s indication that the suit warranted the
admission of Mr Issacs, SingTel then decided that its position be elucidated
by Mr Beloff`s advocacy. The decision was made shortly after Mr Isaacs was
admitted, and there was no suggestion that it was a tactical move by SingTel,
designed to delay the proceedings in the suit. In my judgment, having held
that the factual and legal matrix of the case were sufficiently complex and
difficult to warrant the admission of Mr Isaacs on Japura`s behalf, it was
important to ensure a level playing field by also allowing SingTel to engage a
Queen`s Counsel, if it so wished. I found no reason to penalise SingTel simply
because it had already retained local Senior Counsel. After all, the fact that
Japura had not made any attempt at all to engage local Senior Counsel was not
held against it when it sought to admit Mr Isaacs. If I were to hold against
SingTel that it had already retained local Senior Counsel and only
subsequently applied to admit a Queen`s Counsel, future litigants might be
discouraged from making any attempts to engage a local Senior Counsel, in the
erroneous belief that these earlier attempts could thwart their subsequent
desire to admit a Queen`s Counsel to argue on their behalf.  
  
The only other objection put forth by Japura was that Mr Beloff`s admission
would necessarily result in the adjournment of the substantive application in
the suit, namely, SIC 6000239/99, fixed by consent to be heard on 17 and 18
April 2000. It was argued before me that the adjournment would result in an
unacceptable delay of at least three months, as Mr Isaacs would not be
available until July 2000, at the earliest. The delay would unfairly prejudice
Japura, as they wanted an early determination of the status of the cable on
the land.  
  
Japura themselves indicated that the delay resulting from Mr Beloff`s
admission would most probably be about three months. In my judgment, the
expected delay was not of such magnitude that substantial injustice would be
done to Japura. Moreover, the earlier admission of Mr Isaacs on Japura`s
behalf had also resulted in similar delay of the substantive application by
more than two months. As I have noted earlier, the substantive application was
originally due to be heard on 26 January 2000. On that occasion, Japura
successfully applied for an adjournment pending the determination of their
application to admit Mr Isaacs. After I allowed Mr Isaacs to be admitted, the
parties made a joint application to the court on 23 February 2000 and fixed
the hearing of the substantive application on 17 and 18 April 2000, which were
dates convenient to Mr Isaacs and Mr Hwang. Such unavoidable delay resulting
from admission of the respective Queen`s Counsel can be tolerated as part and
parcel of the litigation process, so long as there is no indication that the
delay will be inordinate.  
  
Counsel for both parties must bear in mind that they owe a duty to the court
to conduct the proceedings diligently, and to use their best endeavours to
avoid unnecessary adjournments, expense and waste of the court`s time. They
should therefore endeavour to co-ordinate their schedules and proceed
expeditiously with the suit. On a practical and realistic note, however,
parties must expect that the final disposal of the suit will take some time.
Thus, on the facts of this particular case, the expected delay of some three
months was not sufficient, on its own, to convince me not to exercise my
discretion in favour of Mr Beloff.  
  
In relation to the last requirement of the three-stage test, there was no
serious dispute by Japura as to Mr Beloff`s suitability for admission. In any
event, having perused Mr Beloff`s resume, which was exhibited in the affidavit
supporting his application for admission, and having heard submissions from
all parties, I accepted that Mr Beloff has the degree of specialisation and
experience that is pertinent to the issues of this case. Mr Beloff has
appeared in a selection of cases relating to judicial review with public
utilities issues. He advises regularly from London on instructions from many
Singapore solicitors pertaining to cases being litigated or arbitrated in
Singapore. He is familiar with, and experienced in law and procedure of the
courts in Singapore, having been admitted to argue in previous cases in
Singapore and Malaysia. Thus, I had no doubt of his suitability for admission.  
  
**Outcome:**

Application allowed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 May 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

