Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Nomura Regionalisation Venture Fund Ltd v Ethical Investments Ltd  
[2000] SGHC 36

Case Number | : | Suit 623/1998  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 March 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ang Cheng Hock and Bernice Loo (Allen & Gledhill) for the plaintiffs; Terence Teo (Chee & Teo) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Nomura Regionalisation Venture Fund Ltd — Ethical Investments Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Notice of appeal – Extension of time for service
of notice of appeal – Relevant principles governing extension of time – O 3 rr
2(5) & 4, O 56 r 1(3) Rules of Court (1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Notice of appeal – Extension of time for service
of notice of appeal – Mistake of solicitor's employee – Serving notice of
appeal on wrong party – Whether circumstances justify exercise of discretion
to extend time – Whether "special circumstances" to be shown – O 3 rr 2(5) &
4, O 56 r 1(3) Rules of Court(1997 Rev Ed)  
  

: This was an application by the defendants for an extension of time to serve
the notice of appeal in RA 514/99 (the appeal) and for the late service of the
notice of appeal on the plaintiffs` solicitors M/s Allen & Gledhill, to be
deemed proper service. After hearing the arguments, I granted the defendants`
application and adjourned the hearing of the appeal; the plaintiffs have now
appealed against my decision (in CA 12/2000).  
  
**_The facts_**

****

The plaintiffs are a venture company incorporated in Singapore. The defendants
agreed to subscribe for 50 units of shares in the plaintiffs at US$100,000 per
unit. The shares were allotted to the defendants. The defendants paid US$2.5m
as the first instalment for the shares. On 30 April 1997, the plaintiffs gave
written notice for the payment of the second instalment of the subscription
monies in the sum of US$2.5m. After a further written demand from the
plaintiffs dated 17 June 1997, the defendants made part-payment of $500,000
but not the balance of $2m.  
  
Consequently, the plaintiffs commenced an action against the defendants
claiming specific performance of the agreement and for damages. Summary
judgment was granted in favour of the plaintiffs and specific performance of
the agreement was ordered. However, the defendants failed to comply with the
order for specific performance. On the plaintiffs` application, the order for
specific performance was discharged on 12 March 1999 and the parties were
ordered to proceed with the assessment of damages.  
  
Before the damages were assessed, the plaintiffs forfeited the shares allotted
to the defendants pursuant to their articles of association. The defendants
then applied for relief against forfeiture and for the plaintiffs to expedite
their assessment of damages; the application was dismissed on 3 December 1999
and the appeal was the defendants` against that decision.  
  
On 13 December 1999, the defendants` previous solicitors M/s Drew & Napier
filed the notice of appeal on the defendants` behalf. On 16 December 1999, the
defendants` present solicitors took over the conduct of the matter. Although
the notice of appeal was filed in time, it was not served on the plaintiffs`
solicitors until 7 January 2000 contrary to O 56 r 1(3) read with O 3 r 2(5)
of the Rules of Court, which required the defendants to serve the notice of
appeal within seven days of filing (excluding weekends and public holidays),
namely, by 22 December 1999.  
  
The solicitor in charge of the appeal (Teo Chee Seng) filed an affidavit on 10
January 2000 explaining the default. He stated that he had specifically
instructed the litigation secretary of his firm to serve the notice of appeal
and the notice of change of solicitors on M/s Allen & Gledhill. He assumed she
had complied with his instructions; he had even telephoned her from Hong Kong
to confirm that she had done so. However, on 7 January 2000, he discovered
that the papers were wrongly served on M/s Drew & Napier. According to him,
the litigation secretary said that the court clerk was on leave and she had
told the despatch clerk to serve the papers instead. She also admitted that
she had given the wrong instructions to the despatch clerk. Later that day at
about 6pm, Teo Chee Seng instructed one of his staff to immediately serve the
relevant papers on M/s Allen & Gledhill. Service having been effected after
4pm, it meant that it was deemed to have been served on the following day,
namely, 8 January 2000 which was a Saturday.  
  
The plaintiffs opposed the application on the ground that there were no
`special circumstances` on the facts of this case which warranted the exercise
of the court`s discretion to extend time. In particular, they contended that
the mistake of the defendants` solicitors or their employees in not effecting
proper service is not a ground for extending time. Their counsel cited the
following authorities in support of their submissions: **Cheah Teong Tat v Ho
Gee Seng & Ors** [1974] 1 MLJ 31  and [1975] 2 MLJ 149; **Tan Chai Heng v Yeo
Seng Choon** SLR 381 ; **Re Coles and Ravenshear** [1907] 1 KB 1; **Vettath v
Vettath** [1992] 1 SLR 1 ; and **Chin Hua Sawmill Co Sdn Bhd v Tuan Yusoff bin
Tuan Mohamed** [1974] 1 MLJ 58 .  
  
I overruled the plaintiffs` objections as, in my view, the cases cited by
counsel were not directly in point. In **_Re Coles and Ravenshear_** , counsel
for the appellant sought an extension of time to file the notice of appeal
after he had taken an erroneous view that the appeal need not be brought
within a certain period of time. The application was refused by the English
Court of Appeal on the ground that a mistake on the part of the solicitor was
not sufficient to warrant an extension of time. It is pertinent to note that
the court in that case was interpreting the existing O 58 r 15 of the English
rules which provided that `special leave` of the Court of Appeal was required
before an appeal can be brought out of time. Similarly, the Malaysian Federal
Court in **_Chin Hua Sawmill Co Sdn Bhd v Tuan Yusoff bin Tuan Mohamed_**
interpreted r 13 of the Federal Court (Civil Appeals) (Transitional) Rules of
1963 which was in pari materia with the English provision.  
  
In **_Cheah Teong Tat v Ho Gee Seng & Ors _**, Syed Agil Barakbah J held that
an applicant must show `special circumstances` upon which the court can
exercise its discretion for an extension of time. On the facts, he held that
the mistake of the applicant in not realising the time-frame in which he must
serve the notice of appeal was not sufficient. His decision was affirmed on
appeal to the Federal Court. In the course of his judgment, the learned judge
observed that the English position had been altered since 1909 and `special
leave` was no longer required to bring an appeal out of time. He went on to
hold that the pre-1909 English position as enunciated in the decision of **_Re
Coles and Ravenshear_** nonetheless remained relevant because no similar
amendments were made to the Rules of the Supreme Court 1950.  
  
In contrast, the jurisdiction of our courts to extend time is found in O 3 r 4
of the Rules of Court which states that the court:

> _may, on such terms as it thinks just, by order extend or abridge the period
> within which a person is required or authorised by these Rules or by any
> judgment, order or direction, to do any act in any proceedings._

  
  
In my view, it would appear that our courts have a wider discretion in
deciding the question of extension of time. In addition, the test adopted in**
_Cheah Teong Tat v Ho Gee Seng & Ors _** which required the proof of `special
circumstances` before leave can be granted to extend time is not in line with
the local decisions which I shall refer to later in my decision.  
  
Such a distinction was also endorsed by the Malaysian Court of Appeal in **Soh
Keng Hian v American International Assurance Co Ltd** [1996] 1 MLJ 191  where
the court made the following observations (at p 194) in relation to the Rules
of the Court of Appeal 1994 which also did not have a specific requirement of
`special leave` to extend time:

> _Further, we are fully conscious of the difference between the language of
> the Federal Court (Civil Appeals) (Transitional) Rules 1963 and the Rules of
> the Court of Appeal 1994. The former required an appellant to obtain special
> leave to extend time to either file or to serve a notice of appeal. The
> latter has no such requirement. This difference in language has an important
> consequence. Whereas in an application under the former, the mistake of a
> solicitor or his clerk was no excuse (**Re Coles & Ravenshear** [1907] 1 KB
> 1), it is a factor which the court may now take into account when deciding
> whether to grant an extension of time under the latter ( **Sinnathamby &
> Anor v Lee Chooi Ying** [1987] 1 MLJ 110 )._

  
  
Since the amendments in 1909, it is noteworthy that the English courts had
granted an extension of time, in appropriate circumstances, even though the
failure to appeal in time was due to a mistake on the part of the legal
adviser (see for example **Gatti v Shoosmith** [1939] 3 All ER 916).  
  
Hence, given the important difference in the wording of the relevant
provisions pertaining to extension of time, I found these cases to be of
little assistance. Moreover, none of the factual matrixes in those cases
resembled the facts at hand. The applicant in **_Cheah Teong Tat v Ho Gee Seng
& Ors _** was ignorant of the requirement to file and serve the notice of
appeal within the same period of time. In the case of **_Re Coles and
Ravenshear_** , the applicant`s counsel erroneously took the view that the
appeal need not be brought within 14 days from the order. In **_Chin Hua
Sawmill Co Sdn Bhd v Tuan Yusoff bin Tuan Mohamed_** , the counsel for the
applicant had inadvertently omitted to instruct his staff to serve the notice
of appeal on the respondent or his solicitors.  
  
The relevant considerations in the exercise of discretion to extend time to
appeal has been considered in numerous cases. As a starting point, I refer to
the observations of Lord Guest in the Privy Council decision of **Ratnam v
Cumarasamy** [1965] 1 WLR 8 at p 12:

> _The rules of court must prima facie be obeyed, and in order to justify a
> court in extending time during which some step in procedure requires to be
> taken, there must be some material upon which the court can exercise its
> discretion. If the law were otherwise, a party in breach would have an
> unqualified right to an extension of time which would defeat the purpose of
> the rules which is to provide a timetable for the conduct of litigation._

  
  
The relevant principles governing the extension of time to appeal are set out
in the Court of Appeal decision of **Pearson v Chen Chien Wen Edwin** [1991]
SLR 212 . In that case, there was an application to the Court of Appeal for an
extension of time to appeal against a court order on ancillary matters. The
application was necessitated by a miscalculation of the time for filing of the
notice of appeal. The applicant`s solicitors were under the mistaken
impression that O 3 r 3 of the Rules of Supreme Court 1970, which excluded the
court vacation from the time for filing and service of any pleading, also
applied to a notice of appeal. The court endorsed the decision of Chan Sek
Keong J (as he then was) in **Hau Khee Wee & Anor v Chua Kian Tong & Anor**
[1986] SLR 484  [1987] 2 MLJ 146  and identified the following factors to be
taken into account in deciding whether to grant an extension of time to file a
notice of appeal:

(1) the length of the delay;

(2) the reasons for the delay;

(3) the chances of the appeal succeeding if time for appealing is extended,
and

(4) the degree of prejudice to the would-be respondent if the application is
granted.  
  
In the circumstances, the applicant was unable to persuade the court to show
sympathy to her and an extension of time was therefore not granted.  
  
In my judgment, the same factors ought to be considered in deciding whether to
grant an extension of time to serve the notice of appeal. Although counsel for
the defendants sought to distinguish the cases cited by the plaintiffs on the
ground that they concerned applications for extension of time to file notice
of appeal, he had not cited any authorities to justify such a distinction. On
the contrary, it has been held that an appeal only comes into being with the
filing and service of a notice of appeal (**_Soh Keng Hian v American
International Assurance Co Ltd_** and **Tan Thye Heng v Pan Mercantile (S) Pte
Ltd & Anor** [1989] SLR 973  (also [1990] 1 MLJ 208).  
  
I understood that a similar approach was also taken by Chao Hick Tin J (as he
then was) in **Stansfield Business International Pte Ltd v Vithya Sri
Sumathis** [1999] 3 SLR 239  when he considered the question of whether he
ought to exercise his discretion to allow an extension of time for the service
of a notice of appeal against a Small Claims Tribunal decision. He held that
the application for an extension of time to serve must be viewed on the same
basis as an application for extension of time to file a notice of appeal.  
  
I now turn to the remaining cases cited by counsel for the plaintiffs. In
**_Tan Chai Heng v Yeo Seng Choon_** , the applicant applied for an extension
of time to file a notice of appeal. The applicant`s solicitor averred in his
affidavit filed in support of the application that the notice of appeal was
not filed in time because the cause papers file pertaining to the matter had
been misplaced. The notice of appeal was only filed after the recovery of the
file, almost a month later. Choor Singh J dismissed the application. He opined
that it was the duty of the solicitor to exercise reasonable diligence to
ensure that the notice of appeal was filed within the time prescribed for
bringing the appeal even though the file had been mislaid. In that case, the
solicitor could have filed the notice of appeal even though he did not have
the file with him. In his view, the facts disclosed gross negligence on the
part of the solicitor and did not merit the exercise of judicial discretion in
favour of the applicant.  
  
In **_Vettath v Vettath_** , the application for an extension of time to file
a notice of appeal against various orders made by the High Court in a divorce
petition was refused by the Court of Appeal. The applicant had instructed
solicitors to appeal against the orders. On their request, the applicant
agreed to brief another solicitor as counsel for the appeal. Under O 57 r 4 of
the Rules of the Supreme Court 1970, the notice of appeal would have had to be
filed and served within one month from 2 May 1991. However, there was some
confusion as to which solicitor should file the notice of appeal. Eventually,
the time for the filing of the notice of appeal expired. Yong Pung How CJ,
delivering the judgment of the court, applied the decision in **_Pearson v
Chen Chien Wen Edwin_** and held that the applicant had not established
grounds sufficient to persuade the court to show sympathy to him. The
applicant could have filed the notice of appeal through either one of the
solicitors acting for him within the time prescribed by the Rules but he did
not do so.  
  
In my opinion, these cases do not lay down a general proposition that mistakes
of the solicitor would **_never_** be sufficient to justify an extension of
time. Whether it is appropriate to allow the applicant to bring an appeal out
of time would depend on the circumstances of each case, having considered the
relevant principles governing the exercise of the judicial discretion. In
those two cases, the failure on the part of the respective solicitors in
charge to file the notice of appeal was clearly inexcusable in the
circumstances for the reasons stated in the judgments.  
  
**_The decision_**

****

Here, the delay in service was about two and a half weeks. While the delay was
not short, I did not regard it as prolonged. The defendants` solicitors did
not appear to be tardy in pursuing the appeal. When the mistake was
discovered, they immediately attempted to rectify it by serving the relevant
papers on M/s Allen & Gledhill. But for the inadvertent mistake of the
litigation secretary, the notice of appeal would have been served on the
correct solicitors in time and the matter would have proceeded on appeal with
no procedural objections. It was also not the contention of the plaintiffs
that they had suffered such prejudice which could not be compensated by an
appropriate order for costs. Moreover, I had adjourned the hearing of the
appeal to a later date to obviate any prejudice that might possibly result
from the late service of the notice of appeal on the plaintiffs` solicitors.
In short, this was a case of wrong service, not non-service.  
  
The last factor to be considered is the defendants` chances of succeeding in
the appeal as `it would be a waste of time for all concerned if time is
extended when the appeal is utterly hopeless` (per Yong Pung How CJ at p 218
of **_Pearson v Chen Chien Wen Edwin_**). The parties did not address this
issue in their submissions before me. The gist of the defendants` contention
was that it was unconscionable for the plaintiffs to forfeit the shares when
they had already paid US$3m towards the purchase of the shares. Having perused
the affidavits filed in respect of the application for relief against
forfeiture and the arguments canvassed below, I would hesitate to say that the
appeal would be `utterly hopeless` without the benefit of considering the
submissions from both counsel.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

Because of the peculiar circumstances of this case, I thought it appropriate
to exercise my discretion in favour of the defendants. Accordingly, I granted
their application for an extension of time to serve the notice of appeal. Even
so, the defendants should still be penalised in costs for their non-compliance
with the Rules of Court. I therefore awarded costs of $500 to the plaintiffs.  
  
**Outcome:**

Application allowed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Mar 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

