Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Focus Electronics Pte Ltd v Touch Universal Pte Ltd  
[2000] SGHC 172

Case Number | : | OS 207/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 August 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Madan Assomull with Rathna Nathan and Vivian Chew (Assomull & Partners) for the plaintiffs; R Chandran (R Chandran & Co) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Focus Electronics Pte Ltd — Touch Universal Pte Ltd   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Cur Adv Vult**

1\. This action started as an originating summons in which the plaintiffs as
the registered proprietor of the property known as 42 Ceylon Road, Singapore
(‘the property’) claimed against the defendants for the following:

> (1) a declaration that the alleged agreement dated 23 December 1999 between
> the plaintiffs and the defendants for the sale of the property be declared
> null and void and/or of no effect;
>
> (2) an order that the defendants do withdraw the caveat no. CV/51938H
> registered on 19 January 2000 by the defendants against the property;
>
> (3) alternatively, an order that the Registrar of the Singapore Land
> Registry be directed to cancel or otherwise remove forthwith the said caveat
> from the land register; and
>
> (4) an order restraining the defendants from lodging any further caveat
> against the property.

2\. The originating summons was subsequently converted into a writ action with
the affidavits already filed on behalf of the plaintiffs and the defendants
ordered to stand as pleadings. The basic issue that emerged from the
affidavits was whether the sale and purchase agreement dated 23 December 1999
(‘the Agreement’) whereby the plaintiffs purportedly agreed to sell the
property to the defendants was a valid agreement capable of giving the
defendants an interest in the property entitling them to lodge a caveat
against it.

****

Background

3\. On 20 August 1999, the plaintiffs exercised an option that they had
previously been granted and agreed to buy the property from a company called
Lian Huah Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd at the price of $2,350,000. Ten
percent of the purchase price was paid at that time and the remaining 90
percent was due on the anticipated completion of the purchase on 10 December
1999. The plaintiffs’ original intention was to build an ashram on the
property and they therefore applied for planning permission to do so. This was
refused on 15 October as the proposed use was not in line with the residential
zoning of the property.

4\. The plaintiffs then decided to sell the property. They marketed it through
various real estate agencies including one called Alister & Lee Properties
(‘ALP’) run by Gary Lee Twe Jeat. As a result of Gary Lee’s efforts, on 27
October 1999, the plaintiffs issued a document entitled ‘Option’ addressed to
‘Amethyst Construction Pte Ltd and/or Nominees’. By this document, in
consideration of the sum of $24,000 paid by Amethyst Construction Pte Ltd
(‘Amethyst’) to them as option fee, the plaintiffs irrevocably offered to sell
the property to the addressees at the price of $2,420,000 and subject to the
12 special conditions set out in the document. Special condition 1 of the
option provided that the plaintiffs’ offer could be accepted by the purchaser
signing the portion of the option marked ‘Acceptance Copy’ and delivering it
with the sum of $218,000 (being the balance of ten percent of the sale price)
to the plaintiffs’ solicitors at any time on or before 4pm on 22 December
1999. It also stated that if the option was not exercised within the time
stipulated and in the manner required, it would be null and void and the
option fee of $24,000 would be forfeited to and retained by the plaintiffs.
This sum of $24,000 was just $200 short of being one percent of the purchase
price. The form of the option was such that once the Acceptance Copy had been
signed and the deposit money paid, the option would become the contract for
the sale and purchase of the property between the plaintiffs as vendors and
Amethyst, or such other party as Amethyst might nominate and who signed the
Acceptance Copy, as purchasers.

5\. The plaintiffs did not complete their own purchase of the property on 10
December as required under their contract with Lian Huah Electrical
Engineering Pte Ltd. They were given a short extension of time by the sellers
but were not able to complete within the extended period either and on 21
December the sellers served the plaintiffs with a 21-day notice to complete.

6\. The next day, 22 December, was the day on which Amethyst had to exercise
the option granted by the plaintiffs or forfeit the option fee. The plaintiffs
were anxious that the sale go ahead. Their director, Gulab Bhojraj (also known
as Sam) was in frequent contact that day with Gary Lee who was in turn liasing
with Chan Kee Chiang Philip, Amethyst’s managing director, to ascertain
Amethyst’s intentions with regard to the option.

7\. What exactly happened that day and the next is a matter of dispute between
the parties. It is clear that at some stage Amethyst indicated that it was not
going to exercise the option. Thereafter, on the instructions of Sam Bhojraj,
Gary Lee asked Amethyst to consider whether it would be willing to enter a
sale and purchase agreement in respect of the property at the same price but
on the basis that instead of the usual deposit of ten percent being required,
the deposit would be only one percent and the balance of the purchase price
would be payable on completion. The plaintiffs say that this offer meant that
Amethyst or its nominee had to pay the one percent deposit on signing the sale
and purchase agreement whereas Philip Chan understood the offer to mean that
the option fee which Amethyst had paid would be used as the deposit and that
the sale and purchase would proceed without the purchaser having to pay the
remaining nine percent of the purchase price that would have been payable had
the option been exercised in the normal manner.

8\. There is no dispute that when Gary Lee first put the plaintiffs’
proposition to Amethyst, Philip Chan said that he would have to discuss it
with his partners. Subsequently, Philip Chan informed Gary Lee that he wanted
to go ahead with the purchase on the new terms but that the purchaser would be
Touch Universal Pte Ltd, the defendants herein, rather than Amethyst. There is
a loose association between the defendants and Amethyst: Leow Koon Huat Danny,
the defendants’ director, and Philip Chan are business partners in other
businesses. Danny Leow does not have any interest in Amethyst, however, nor
does Philip Chan have any interest in the defendants.

9\. There is a dispute as to when the plaintiffs’ new offer was accepted. The
defendants say that it was accepted on the afternoon or evening of 22 December
whereas the plaintiffs say that it was not accepted till the morning of 23
December. It is not in doubt that on that morning Sam Bhojraj and Gary Lee
went to the office of Messrs Joseph Hoo Morris & Kumar, the plaintiffs’ then
solicitors, where Sam Bhojraj gave instructions for the drafting of a sale and
purchase agreement. A clerk in the solicitors’ office prepared this document.
Sam Bhojraj dated it 23 December and then signed it (in duplicate) on behalf
of the plaintiffs. Gary Lee witnessed his signature. Sam Bhojraj then handed
the two copies of the Agreement to Gary Lee and instructed him to take it to
the defendants for their signature.

10\. The defendants did execute the Agreement. Danny Leow signed it on their
behalf. Gary Lee acted as his witness. The defendants say that the act of
signing took place in the late morning or around noon of 23 December. The
plaintiffs say that the defendants were elusive throughout 23 December and
that they did not sign the Agreement until 24 December. The plaintiffs also
say that it was a condition of the sale that the Agreement be signed and
returned to them together with the deposit on the 23rd itself and that as this
did not happen, the Agreement was of no effect. The defendants admit that they
did not pay any money to the plaintiffs by way of deposit but assert that no
payment was necessary as it had been agreed that the $24,000 option fee paid
by Amethyst would be treated as the deposit.

11\. On 24 December, the plaintiffs granted one Mr Lim Chai Huat and/or his
nominees an option to purchase the property at a price of $2,350,000. Sea
Union Developments Pte Ltd (‘Sea Union’) validly exercised the option on 27
December. Sea Union paid the plaintiffs ten percent of their purchase price as
a deposit. On 28 December, they lodged a caveat against the property.

12\. After signing the Agreement, the defendants took no further action on it,
as far as the plaintiffs were aware, until 10 January 2000. On that day, their
then solicitor Ms Lourdesamy spoke with the plaintiffs’ then solicitor Mr Lee
Boon Teck and this was followed by a letter confirming that Messrs Lourdes
Chen & Lee had been instructed to act for the defendants in their purchase of
the property pursuant to the Agreement. The letter further stated that a title
search had disclosed the existence of a caveat filed by Sea Union claiming an
interest in the property as purchaser and asked for clarification on this. The
plaintiffs’ solicitors replied that the defendants had not signed the
agreement and returned it to them within the agreed time or with the required
deposit and the sale to the defendants was therefore deemed to be aborted by
the plaintiffs.

13\. On 19 January, the defendants lodged caveat CV/051938H against the
property. By the caveat, the defendants claimed an interest in the property as
purchaser derived from the interest which the plaintiffs had obtained as
purchaser from Lian Huah Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd and under the heading
‘Grounds of Claim’ stated ‘By a Sale and Purchase Agreement dated 23rd
December 1999 entered into between the [defendants] and [plaintiffs]’. The
plaintiffs commenced this action on 11 February 2000. They had in the meantime
completed their purchase of the property and become its registered
proprietors.

**

Issues

**

14\. The plaintiffs brought this action pursuant to s 127(1) of the Land
Titles Act (Cap 157) (‘the Act’) which permits them as caveatee in relation to
the caveat lodged by the defendants, to summon the defendant caveators to
attend before the court to show cause why the caveat should not be withdrawn
or otherwise removed. They rely also on s 128(1) of the Act which imposes a
liability to pay compensation on any person who wrongfully, vexatiously or
without reasonable cause lodges a caveat with the Registrar or refuses or
fails to withdraw such a caveat after being requested to do so.

15\. The defendants in response to the show cause aspect rely on the Agreement
and contend that as it has been executed by both parties it is a valid
agreement for purchase and sale of the property and, as purchaser thereunder,
they have an equitable interest in the property which entitled them to lodge
and maintain the caveat. The principle issue therefore, as stated above, is
whether the Agreement is valid and binding on both parties. There are a number
of sub issues. These are:

> (1) whether the option granted to Amethyst lapsed without being exercised;
>
> (2) whether the option was validly exercised by the defendants;
>
> (3) what proposition was put to Philip Chan by Gary Lee in connection with
> the purchase of the property;
>
> (4) when exactly the Agreement was signed by the defendants and if they did
> not sign it until 24 December whether the late signature affected the
> validity of the Agreement;
>
> (5) whether the plaintiffs had agreed that the option fee would be treated
> as the deposit under the Agreement and if not:

> > (a) whether it was a condition precedent to the validity of the Agreement
> that the deposit had to be paid by the defendants; or
>>

>> (b) if not a condition precedent, then whether payment of the deposit was a
fundamental term of the agreement such that non-payment permitted the
plaintiffs to repudiate the Agreement and if so whether the plaintiffs did in
fact repudiate the Agreement;

****

The evidence __

(i) The plaintiffs’ story: (a) Gulab Bhojraj @ Sam Bhojraj

16\. Sam Bhojraj’s evidence-in-chief was given by way of two affidavits. In
the first, he set out the circumstances under which the plaintiffs agreed to
purchase the property and then went on to deal with the option granted to
Amethyst. His account was brief. He stated that the option was to be exercised
by 4pm on 22 December 1999 but it was not duly exercised within the stipulated
period and therefore ‘[t]he option lapsed and the option fee was accordingly
forfeited by the Plaintiffs’. He then stated that the plaintiffs had paid
their agents, ALP, a commission of $10,000 for services rendered. In support,
he exhibited copies of the plaintiffs’ payment voucher, the agents’ invoice
and the plaintiffs’ cheque for the amount paid, all of which were dated 22
January 2000.

17\. The Agreement was dealt with, briefly, in paras 6 and 7 of the first
affidavit. Sam Bhojraj stated that on 23 December 1999, pursuant to the
defendants’ request, the plaintiffs agreed to enter into a sale and purchase
agreement with the defendants for the sale of the property to the defendants
at a price of $2,420,000 on condition that the defendants signed and returned
the Agreement and made payment of the sum of $24,000 on the same day failing
which there would be no sale. In para 7 he stated that the defendants did not
return the Agreement duly signed nor did they pay the sum of $24,000 to the
plaintiffs. Accordingly, no binding contract was concluded between the
plaintiffs and the defendants for the sale of the property. He went on to say
that this account was confirmed by the agents’ letter dated 22 January 2000.

18\. A copy of that letter was exhibited. It reads:

> ‘**Re: 42 Ceylon Road**
>
> I, Gary Lee Twe Jeat I/C 1412520E, am the agent for the vendor of the above
> mentioned property. I have sold the said property to Amethyst Construction
> Pte Ltd which option was dated 27th Oct 1999 and the validity expires on
> 22nd Dec 1999 if not exercised. It was not exercised on the date fixed for
> exercise.
>
> Thereafter the vendor i.e. Focus Electronics Pte Ltd issued a Sale and
> Purchase Agreement to Touch Universal Pte Ltd with the condition that the
> said Sale and Purchase Agreement must be returned on the same day i.e. 23rd
> Dec 1999.
>
> As the buyer, Touch Universal Pte Ltd did not sign and gave me back the Sale
> and Purchase Agreement on the same day of which I informed the vendor who
> told me that now the Sale and Purchase Agreement is null and void _(sic)_.
>
> On the 24th of December 1999, the vendor informed me that they are issuing a
> new Option to another Buyer.
>
> I confirm that the above to be true and correct.
>
> Yours sincerely
>
> Gary Lee’

19\. Sam Bhojraj went on to say that as there was no sale contract between the
plaintiffs and the defendants, the plaintiffs had granted an option to Mr Lim
Chai Huat and/or his nominee on 24 December for the sale of the property. The
option had been exercised on 27 December 1999 by Sea Union as Mr Lim’s nominee
and completion of that sale was scheduled to take place on 10 February 2000.

20\. On 28 December 1999, Sea Union had lodged a caveat against the property
and on 10 January 2000, the defendants’ then solicitors had written to the
plaintiffs’ solicitors to seek clarification on this caveat. In response, the
plaintiffs’ solicitors by their letter dated 14 January 2000 had informed the
defendants’ solicitors that as the defendants did not sign and return the
Agreement to the plaintiffs within the agreed period with the required
deposit, the sale was deemed aborted.

21\. On 19 January the defendants lodged a caveat against the property and the
next day their solicitors wrote to the plaintiffs’ solicitors stating that
concurrently with the signing of the Agreement the defendants had handed over
a deposit of $24,000 representing one percent of the purchase price.

22\. The affidavit then continued with further details of correspondence
between the parties and stated that despite demand the defendants had failed
to withdraw the caveat. They had also failed to provide any evidence to show
that they had returned the agreement and made payment of $24,000 on 23
December 1999 to the plaintiffs or their solicitors.

23\. Sam Bhojraj’s second affidavit was basically a reply to Danny Leow’s
affidavit. Much of it consisted of denial of points made by Danny Leow and
explanations for the stand taken by the plaintiffs. Among these was Sam
Bhojraj’s assertion that the plaintiffs did not agree nor did they authorise
Gary Lee to agree to vary the terms of the option given to Amethyst such that
the option fee would be treated as full consideration for a binding contract
and that the plaintiffs would waive their rights to the balance ten percent.
They also did not agree that the variation of the terms of the option would be
reduced to writing in a freshly issued sale and purchase agreement to be
prepared by the plaintiffs’ solicitors. He also stated that the defendants had
allegedly signed the Acceptance Copy of the Amethyst option after its expiry.

24\. During cross-examination, Sam Bhojraj stated that on 22 December he had
telephoned Gary Lee many times to ask him whether Amethyst would be exercising
the option. By 4pm nothing had occurred. Later that evening, he called Gary
Lee again to reproach him for Amethyst’s non-exercise of the option. Sam
Bhojraj asked whether money was a problem for Amethyst. Gary Lee then said
that he would talk to Amethyst. Later that night Sam Bhojraj called Gary Lee
for the fourth time and was told that Amethyst was involved in some projects
and their cash flow was pretty tight. Sam Bhojraj then asked whether Amethyst
would still be interested in the deal if the plaintiffs required a lower
deposit, maybe one or two percent, instead of the usual ten percent. However,
this time around they would go straight to a sale and purchase agreement
instead of having an option first.

25\. The next morning, 23 December, Gary Lee telephoned him and told him that
Amethyst was agreeable to the plaintiffs’ proposal of having a fresh sale and
purchase agreement issued. However, they had indicated that they wanted this
agreement to be in favour of the defendants, Touch Universal Pte Ltd, as the
buyer. Slightly later in his cross-examination, Sam Bhojraj stated that on
that morning Gary Lee went to his office and told him that the intended buyers
were the defendants. He raised no objections to this proposal even though he
had not previously heard of the defendants. This was at about 10am. He and
Gary Lee then proceeded to the plaintiffs’ solicitors’ office to have the
Agreement prepared. During re-examination Sam Bhojraj stated that it was only
when they were in the solicitors’ office that he learnt that the defendants
and not Amethyst were to be the purchasers of the property and this was
because he overheard Gary Lee informing the solicitors’ clerk who the
purchasers were.

26\. The Agreement was ready by 11am. After signing it on behalf of the
plaintiffs, Sam Bhojraj gave Gary Lee two copies of the document telling him
that they were handed over on condition that they were to be returned the same
day duly signed by the defendants together with a consideration of $24,000 and
the names of the defendants’ lawyers so that the plaintiffs could immediately
confirm the sale. He also told Gary Lee that if he did not get the documents
back with the cheque by the end of the day he would take it for sure that the
defendants had no further interest in the property. By ‘the end of the day’,
he meant by 9 or 10pm.

27\. Gary Lee left with the Agreement but nothing came back. Sam Bhojraj
called Gary Lee throughout the day to find out the status of the matter. He
kept asking the agent whether the deal was on or off and the reply that was
given was that the agent was still talking to the defendants. The last
conversation was some time after midnight of 23 December. Gary Lee told Sam
Bhojraj that he was still meeting the defendants and that he would talk to the
plaintiffs later that day. At that point, Sam Bhojraj did not tell Gary Lee
that the deal was off.

28\. I asked Sam Bhojraj when he had told the agent that he was calling off
the deal. The reply was ‘on 24 December’. When questioned whether he had asked
Gary Lee to give him back the two copies of the Agreement, the answer was
‘No’. He went on to say that he had told Gary Lee that the deal was off around
noon of that day. It was pointed out to him that in Gary Lee’s affidavit the
latter had said that the Agreement had been signed by the defendants on the
morning of 24 December but Sam Bhojraj testified that Gary Lee had not told
him this during their conversation at noon. He asserted Gary Lee had not
reacted at all to the information that the deal was off. Later the witness
changed his testimony on the time at which he had told Gary Lee that the deal
was off: he brought that time forward to 11am instead of noon.

29\. Sam Bhojraj went on to say that he had never received from Gary Lee the
copy of the Agreement signed by the defendants. This was despite Gary Lee
having testified in his affidavit that that document had been slipped under
the door of the plaintiffs’ office on 24 December itself. Sam Bhojraj asserted
that on that day, he and three employees had worked till 5pm and the office
was open all the while yet he had not received the document. Yet the witness
was reluctant to assert that Gary Lee had lied on the point until he was
pressed to confirm this.

30\. There were several questions about the commission which the plaintiffs
had paid ALP. At the beginning, Sam Bhojraj testified, the plaintiffs had
agreed to pay the agent $5,000 as commission for the sale of the property to
Amethyst. Sam Bhojraj’s explanation for this rather low commission (much less
than the usual one` percent) was that as he was making nothing from the sale
of the land, he told Gary Lee that the plaintiffs would only pay him that
amount. Eventually, however, the plaintiffs had paid $10,000 as commission.
The explanation for the increase was that Gary Lee had met Sam Bhojraj and
said that since the plaintiffs had forfeited $24,000 from Amethyst, they
should be fair and pay the agent a bit more than what had been agreed on.

31\. The agent’s invoice for $10,000 was dated 22 January 2000. By that time,
the plaintiffs were aware that Gary Lee had got the defendants to sign the
agreement and were also aware, as the witness conceded, that Gary Lee had
acted against their instructions by proceeding to get the defendants to sign
the agreement on 24 December 1999. The witness was asked why in that case he
had paid the agent double the original commission. The reply was that $10,000
had been paid because $24,000 had been forfeited. It was then pointed out that
the commission was supposed to be $5,000 if the sale went through and double
had been paid though the sale had not gone through. Sam Bhojraj’s response was
that he had no reason for doing this except that Gary Lee asked for $10,000
and had told the plaintiffs to be fair as he had worked very hard.

32\. It was pointed out to the witness that the agents’ letter of 22 January
contained untrue statements in that the third paragraph of the letter had
stated that as the defendants did not sign the sale and purchase agreement on
23 December itself, the plaintiffs had told Gary Lee that the sale and
purchase agreement had become void. This paragraph was inconsistent with Sam
Bhojraj’s testimony that he had not called the deal off until 24 December. The
witness did not agree that the letter was inaccurate. Nor did he agree with
the suggestion that he had paid the agent double commission as an incentive
for Gary Lee to write the letter to help get the plaintiffs out of the
difficult situation they were in due to having sold the same property to two
different parties.

33\. As regards the option given to Mr Lim, Sam Bhojraj testified that
negotiations for this option had started at about 2pm on 24 December. ALP had
not been the plaintiffs’ agent for that transaction. The option had been
handed to the prospective purchaser in the plaintiffs’ office at about 5pm
that day. Sam Bhojraj was asked why the plaintiffs had rushed to issue this
option and preferred this sale at a price that was less than that offered by
the defendants. His answer was that the defendants had not been serious buyers
whereas the second buyer was a genuine buyer and this was so even though he
first came to know about the second buyer on 24 December itself. It was put to
him that the reason why the plaintiffs had granted the option to Mr Lim had
been because they needed the deposit money of $235,000 and an exercised option
in order to get financing from Overseas Union Trust to complete their own
purchase of the property. Sam Bhojraj disagreed though he admitted that a
signed sale and purchase agreement would definitely help him and that when the
plaintiffs did complete the purchase, the property was mortgaged by them to
Overseas Union Trust.

34\. The plaintiffs had first approached Overseas Union Trust for financing
between 10 and 15 December 1999. When they were served with the 21 day notice
on 21 December, they had sounded out three or four banks and had been told
that if they could on-sell the property, the banks would finance up to 80
percent of the purchase price whereas if the plaintiffs intended to keep it,
they would only be able to borrow 60 percent of the price. Sam Bhojraj agreed
that by 24 December the plaintiffs were late in completing their purchase and
the reason for this was because they were still arranging to obtain finance.
He denied the suggestion made by defence counsel that the option granted to Mr
Lim was attractive to the plaintiffs because it gave them an extra $235,000 as
deposit and the exercised option could be used to obtain bank financing.
During re-examination, he was asked why the plaintiffs had not completed their
purchase within the prescribed time. The reply given was that he had been in
the midst of talking to a few banks and knew ‘very surely’ that he was capable
of arranging for a loan within a week from the date of the notice to complete.

__

(b) Gary Lee Twe Jeat

35\. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Gary Lee stated that as the option
granted to Amethyst had not been exercised by 4pm on 22 December it lapsed and
the option fee was forfeited by the plaintiffs. He went on to say that on 23
December he was instructed by the plaintiffs that they were still prepared to
sell the property at the same price but that the sale would have to be by way
of a sale and purchase agreement and the agreement returned on the same day.

36\. Thereafter he spoke to Philip Chan over the speaker phone at the
plaintiffs’ office in the presence of Sam Bhojraj to inform Philip Chan about
the plaintiffs’ proposal. Philip Chan agreed to the proposal and confirmed
that the defendants would be the party who would enter into the sale and
purchase agreement with the plaintiffs.

37\. Gary Lee confirmed that Sam Bhojraj had instructed him to take the
Agreement to the defendants for their execution and that after the defendants
had signed the Agreement, one copy was to be kept by them and the other was to
be returned to him. Gary Lee was told to ask the defendants to instruct their
solicitors to correspond directly with the plaintiffs’ solicitors. His role as
the housing agent was merely to convey the Agreement between the parties.

38\. During the course of that day, Gary Lee received many telephone calls
from Sam Bhojraj to remind him that the Agreement had to be returned, signed
by the defendants, on 23 December, failing which the plaintiffs would treat
the sale of the property as null and void. Sam Bhojraj also informed him that
the plaintiffs would allow the defendants up to 10pm that evening to return
the signed Agreement. As Gary Lee was having difficulty getting the defendants
to execute it, the plaintiffs granted an extension of time to 11pm. The
Agreement was not signed within the extended period. According to his
affidavit, the next conversation took place at about 1am and in it: ‘Sam
[Bhojraj] told me [Gary Lee] that as it was rather late and as I had yet to
hear from the defendants and there was no confirmation that I cannot hand over
the alleged agreement to the defendant the next day, I therefore believed that
the deal was still on’. This garbled account was, unfortunately, typical of
the type of evidence given by the witness.

39\. Gary Lee averred that each time he was given instructions by the
plaintiffs on 23 December, he conveyed those instructions to both Philip Chan
and the defendants and even advised them that the plaintiffs might grant an
option to another buyer if the agreement was not signed and returned the same
day. But despite his ‘relentless effort’ he was not successful in procuring
the defendants’ signature.

40\. On the morning of 24 December, Gary Lee contacted Philip Chan again to
arrange for the execution of the Agreement. In contrast to what had happened
the previous day this time he had no difficulty fixing an appointment with the
defendants. He then went straight to Philip Chan’s office and the execution
took place. Gary Lee told the defendants that the respective solicitors must
get in touch as soon as possible. Thereafter, at about 12pm on 24 December,
Gary Lee went to the plaintiffs’ office in High Street Centre and slipped the
signed Agreement under the door of the office. Later that day Sam Bhojraj
telephoned him to inform him that the plaintiffs were issuing a fresh option
to sell the property to a new buyer. The men did not, however, discuss the
Agreement. Under cross-examination on this point, Gary Lee said he had told
Sam Bhojraj not to issue the option to the new purchaser.

41\. The last two paragraphs of Gary Lee’s affidavit dealt with his commission
and his letter on 22 January 2000. He said ‘Since the sale of the property
under the first option [ie the Amethyst option] was aborted and I assumed
there was no sale of the property under the alleged agreement, I went ahead to
issue an invoice for a sum of $10,000 being commission for services rendered
by ALP to the plaintiffs. I have also at the plaintiffs’ request confirmed the
events of my unsuccessful sale of the property in my letter dated 22nd January
2000 to the plaintiffs’.

42\. It would be noted from the above account that even on paper there were a
number of inconsistencies between Gary Lee’s evidence and that of Sam Bhojraj.
Also, Gary Lee’s account was sparse and sometimes incomprehensible. The
inconsistencies increased when he was cross-examined.

43\. Gary Lee was asked first about the commission payable when ALP was
appointed by the plaintiffs to look for a buyer for the property. He stated
that he had expected to get one percent of the sale price but that what had
been agreed between him and the plaintiffs at the time of the issue of the
option to Amethyst was that ALP would be paid $10,000 if the sale was
successful. If the sale were to be aborted, however, the commission would be
$5,000. This was the exact opposite of Sam Bhojraj’s testimony that the agreed
commission was only $5,000 for a successful sale and the additional $5,000 had
been paid because of the forfeiture of the option fee.

44\. During the latter part of the cross-examination, Gary Lee was asked what
was supposed to happen to his commission on the sale to the defendants. His
response was that the plaintiffs would have to pay him and that this was
because he had put in an effort to serve the parties. I then asked how much
the plaintiffs were supposed to pay him and his reply was $10,000. When asked
why it was that amount, the response was ‘because of goodwill’. Gary Lee then
said that by ‘goodwill’ he meant his years of serving Sam Bhojraj. He went on
to confirm that the original arrangement was that if the sale was aborted the
plaintiffs would only need to pay him half the commission but stated that
whilst the sale to Amethyst had been aborted, the sale to the defendants had
not been completed. He admitted that although the amount of $10,000 was only
due if everything was completed, he had already been paid it. He justified
having sent an invoice to the plaintiffs for $10,000 prior to completion on
the basis that he had told Sam Bhojraj that there had been so much more work
to do than originally planned and also that he was jealous of another property
agent to whom the plaintiffs always paid a one percent commission.

45\. Gary Lee agreed that he had received his cheque for $10,000 on the very
day that the invoice was sent out and on the same day that his letter of 22
January was written. He confirmed he had prepared the letter at the request of
the plaintiffs and that the contents of the letter had come from the
plaintiffs. Payment of the $10,000 was made to him after he signed the letter.

46\. The witness was cross-examined extensively on the events of 22 and 23
December. He stated that on the morning of 22 December, he called Philip Chan
to ask whether the option would be exercised and reminded him that the balance
of the deposit was payable on that day. Philip Chan’s response was that
Amethyst might or might not exercise the option. This was conveyed to Sam
Bhojraj who asked him to speak with Philip Chan again. On the second occasion
Philip Chan was equally non-committal and when this attitude was conveyed to
the plaintiffs, the response was that they should wait until the time for
exercising the option had expired.

47\. Gary Lee said that he did not speak to Sam Bhojraj again until the next
day, 23 December, when the latter asked him to go to the plaintiffs’ office.
This was some time in the late morning. At the office, the agent was scolded
for introducing a buyer who had failed to exercise the option. Then Sam
Bhojraj said ‘can you call the buyer and ask him whether or not buyer is
prepared to take one percent and pay 90 percent on completion but on condition
that he signs a sale and purchase agreement’. The witness explained that by
‘take one percent’ what was meant was that the buyer would pay one percent
initially and pay 99 percent on completion. There and then Gary Lee called
Philip Chan and put the proposition to him. Philip Chan asked for time to
speak with his partners. Ten minutes later Gary Lee called Philip Chan again
and the latter then said ‘Okay we will go through with that’.

48\. Gary Lee was asked whether the agreement that he discussed with Philip
Chan over the telephone about the one percent deposit and the 99 percent
completion payment required Amethyst to make another payment of $24,000 as the
deposit. His response was a flat ‘No’. I asked him why not and his reply was a
rather evasive ‘Because Mr Bhojraj told me, you bring this to the buyer, get
the lawyer to talk to me and specify who the lawyer is’. I asked again why
Amethyst was not required to pay the one percent deposit. This time the reply
was ‘I wasn’t very clear in my mind at that time but all that Sam said to me
was get the buyer to specify a lawyer and write to me’. Gary Lee pinpointed
this conversation as having taken place after the issue of the Agreement in
the lawyer’s office. He said that at this time Sam Bhojraj had also told him
that Philip Chan must pay the 99 percent upon completion.

49\. Then followed a significant piece of evidence. I will set out the
questions and answers in full.

> Q The $24,000 deposit that is stated in the agreement would it then be taken
> to be paid by the option fee paid by Amethyst?
>
> A I have 2 interpretations here during that time.
>
> Q I am talking about the time when you and Philip were talking before you
> went to the lawyers’ office. Was it understood by you, Philip and Mr Bhojraj
> at that time that the 1% deposit was to be treated as paid by Amethyst
> option fee?
>
> A I wasn’t sure.
>
> **
>
> Ct
>
> ** What did you tell Philip?
>
> A I said if supposing the seller were to issue you a sale and purchase
> agreement and you only paid 1% and not more than that and you paid 99% on
> completion, what would you say. Philip and I speak in Hokkien. He said he
> would discuss with his partners.
>
> **
>
> Ct
>
> ** What did he ask you about the 1%?
>
> A He said are you sure. I said that I would speak to Mr Bhojraj. Mr Bhojraj
> confirmed he would issue the sale and purchase agreement taking the 1% and
> 99% later.
>
> …
>
> Q As far as Philip was concerned, what was he to pay for the deposit?
>
> A $24,000.
>
> Q When was he supposed to make this payment?
>
> A I have 2 interpretations. One of which was that Philip could through his
> lawyer pay to Mr Bhojraj and that’s why Mr Bhojraj emphasised to me again
> and again to get the lawyer’s name. The other one that I thought was that
> the $24,000 could come from the option money that was forfeited.
>
> Q At the time when you told Philip about plaintiffs’ proposal you were not
> sure about what the position was because you had 2 interpretations.
>
> A Yes.
>
> Q You were not clear because Mr Bhojraj did not make it clear to you how
> this deposit was supposed to be paid.
>
> A Yes.
>
> Q Philip could have understood, because of your lack of clarity on the
> deposit, that it was your 2nd interpretation that was agreed, that it is the
> option fee be treated as the deposit.
>
> A Could be.’

50\. In subsequent testimony, Gary Lee confirmed that from the things he had
told Philip Chan, the latter may have understood that although the option fee
had been forfeited, the new arrangement had revived the option fee to be used
as the deposit. He also agreed that on 23 December Sam Bhojraj did not tell
him that he must collect a deposit of $24,000 on the signing of the Agreement.

51\. Gary Lee confirmed that the plaintiffs were desperate to sell the
property on 23 December. By desperate he meant that they were willing to sell
it to anyone. He was aware that the plaintiffs were late in their completion
of the purchase of the property and Sam Bhojraj told him that this was why
they were desperate to sell it. He also informed Gary Lee that the plaintiffs
needed a sale agreement to help them get financing to complete the purchase.

52\. When Sam Bhojraj first handed over the Agreement to the agent to convey
to the defendants, he did not give the latter any time limit for its signing
and redelivery. It was only a few hours later that Sam Bhojraj said that the
Agreement had to be returned on the same day. It was quite late at night, at
about 10pm that this information was conveyed to Gary Lee. This was the first
time the time limit was mentioned. About an hour later, Sam Bhojraj repeated
this instruction to Gary Lee. The witness was not quite clear in his evidence
on this point because at first he indicated that another time limit was given
to him at 11pm but subsequently he said that during the 11pm conversation he
was just told to get the defendants to sign and return the document as soon as
he could and no specific time limit was imposed. He was clear, however, that
throughout 23 December, Sam Bhojraj did not also mention to him that he had to
collect a deposit from the defendants at the time when he gave them the signed
copy of the Agreement.

53\. Gary Lee maintained that the Agreement was not signed by the defendants
on 23 December and that he was not able to meet them that day. He maintained
that immediately the Agreement was in his hand, he called Philip Chan and told
him the document was ready for signing. Philip Chan then said he would speak
to his partners and call the agent back when they were ready to meet the
latter. He spoke to Philip Chan several times that day and every time he was
given a similar reply.

54\. Gary Lee’s evidence on what happened on 23 December was, in portions,
incoherent. He was obviously having great difficulty in trying to account for
the non-signing of the Agreement that day. Take this passage from his evidence
where he was talking about what had happened that night. He said:

> ‘Subsequently at around 10pm, Mr Bhojraj said if the sale and purchase was
> not signed by him the deal should be off. Then I told Philip about it ie the
> deal was off (about 10pm also) and Philip said I understand that. In my
> mind, however, I was not sure whether that was what Mr Bhojraj wanted ie for
> the deal to be off. So I told Philip, I said it could be on, it could be
> off, so you get it signed and lawyer will write about it and that will
> solidify it. Philip said okay. I asked him when I could see him and he said
> he would discuss with his partner.’

55\. Gary Lee went on to say that he had a series of conversations with Sam
Bhojraj between 11.05pm and shortly after midnight of 23 December. In the
final conversation they agreed to talk again the next day. The next morning,
he was finally able to arrange to see the defendants for the signing of the
Agreement. Up to the time the Agreement was signed on 24 December, Sam Bhojraj
did not tell him that the deal was off and Gary Lee’s understanding based on
his final conversation with Sam Bhojraj was that the deal was still on.

56\. There was also some evidence given on two meetings in early 2000 between
Gary Lee and the defendants and their friends. One meeting took place at the
office of one Mike Kalwani who was financing the defendants’ proposed
development of the property. According to Gary Lee, he went to that meeting at
Sam Bhojraj’s suggestion in order to try and settle the defendants’ claim.
However, this was impossible as the defendants wanted $1 million to be paid to
them in settlement.

57\. The other occasion was when Gary Lee attended a meeting at the
defendants’ solicitors’ office. There a statement was taken from him. When it
came to the point, however, he refused to sign it. His position was that the
statement contained untruths and he could not sign it. It was put to him that
he had demanded $50,000 for his signature and it was only when this demand was
rejected that he had refused to sign the statement. Gary Lee denied this
suggestion.

__

(ii) The defendants’ story: (a) Leow Koon Huat Danny

58\. In the affidavit which Danny Leow filed as his evidence-in-chief, he
first set out the circumstances in which the option was granted to Amethyst.
He also stated that ALP had acted for both the plaintiffs and Amethyst in the
matter and exhibited a copy of a commission agreement between ALP and Amethyst
whereby Amethyst had agreed to pay ALP a brokerage fee of $5,000 for the
brokerage service rendered in Amethyst’s purchase of the property. He went on
to state that as Amethyst had assigned its option to the defendants, it was
understood that this commission would be paid by the defendants upon the
completion of the purchase.

59\. According to him, some time on 22 December 1999 and before the expiry of
the deadline for the exercise of the option, the defendants were informed by
ALP acting for and on behalf of the plaintiffs that the option could be
exercised by a party other than Amethyst and that the plaintiffs had agreed to
vary the terms of the option in that the one percent option fee would be
treated as full and sufficient consideration for a binding contract and that
the plaintiffs were waiving their rights to the balance ten percent.

60\. Amethyst then assigned the option to the defendants and authorised the
latter to exercise it. On behalf of the defendants, the witness signed the
Acceptance Copy and the entire option was handed to ALP for its onward
transmission to the plaintiffs. The defendants were informed that the
variation to the terms of the sale and purchase contract would be reduced to
writing in a freshly issued sale and purchase agreement to be prepared by the
plaintiffs’ solicitors.

61\. On 23 December 1999, ALP handed Danny Leow two sets of the Agreement duly
signed by Sam Bhojraj. Danny Leow signed both sets and on the same day
returned one set to ALP for its onward transmission to the plaintiffs. His
execution was witnessed by Gary Lee. Gary Lee did not at any time tell him
that the Agreement must be signed and returned on the same day nor was he at
any time thereafter informed by either Gary Lee or the plaintiffs that the
Agreement was null and void.

62\. After the conclusion of the Agreement, the defendants approached a firm
of solicitors to act on their behalf in the purchase. The solicitor in charge
of the matter was, however, busy with his personal matters and did not do any
work on the file. The matter was subsequently transferred to another law firm,
Messrs Lourdes Chen & Lee, which conducted a title search and then lodged a
caveat over the property on behalf of the defendants. The delay by the
original solicitor and the change of solicitors explained the delay in the
lodging of the caveat. Danny Leow emphasised that the defendants were
genuinely interested in acquiring the property in order to redevelop the same
and had engaged a firm of architects to produce drawings for a pair of three-
storey semi-detached houses to be built on the property. They had also
obtained provisional permission from the Urban Redevelopment Authority for
this project.

63\. Under cross-examination, Danny Leow explained the relationship between
the defendants and other persons whose names came up in the action. One Alan
Lim Kwee Kian was mentioned as a shareholder in the defendant company though
the only directors of it are Danny Leow and his wife. There is no direct
relationship between the defendants and Amethyst. Rather, Philip Chan and
Danny Leow are both directors of two other companies that are involved in the
real estate investment business. Further, Danny Leow had previously been in
joint ventures with Mike Kalwani in which the formers role had been to
purchase properties whilst the latter financed the development of such
properties. At some stage after obtaining the agreement for the purchase of
this property, Danny Leow also procured Mike Kalwani’s involvement in the
development project as the sole financier.

64\. The Agreement was first discussed between the defendants as purchaser and
the plaintiffs as vendor on 22 December when they were supposed to be
preparing for the exercise of the option to purchase the property. Discussions
were held amongst Philip Chan, Alan Lim and Danny Leow and it was the last of
these who suggested that the defendant company should be the purchaser. Danny
Leow pointed out that the defendants were an investment company holding a Land
Dealing Unit permit enabling it to purchase landed property whilst Amethyst
was a builder and did not have such a permit available. At that stage, Mike
Kalwani was not involved, as the parties had not decided whether they were
going to on-sell or redevelop the property.

65\. On 22 December, Danny Leow and his associates were undecided about
whether to exercise the option because Philip Chan had not been able to secure
a bank loan to finance the purchase. That morning, therefore, nothing was done
to exercise it. In the early afternoon, Danny Leow received a call from Philip
Chan who told him that the agent had offered to allow them to exercise the
option without having to pay the remaining nine percent of the price as the
balance of the deposit. He was told that the plaintiffs had agreed to a sale
and purchase agreement with the defendants without payment of the nine percent
or any payment at all. Amethyst then assigned the option to the defendants and
the Acceptance Copy was signed by Alan Lim on Danny Leow’s behalf. The witness
asserted that the statement in his affidavit that he had signed the Acceptance
Copy was true because he had given Alan Lim an instruction to sign the
document on his behalf and he had made that statement in order to take
responsibility for the signature. Danny Leow confirmed that on 22 December he
did not speak directly to Gary Lee or the plaintiffs and that all information
that he had on the offer made by the plaintiffs had come from Philip Chan.

66\. The witness reasserted during cross-examination that the Agreement had
been signed by him on 23 December at about noon. The signing took place at the
car park at Toa Payoh Stadium and at that time Philip Chan and Alan Lim were
also present. When the Agreement was given to him, Danny Leow saw it had been
dated 23 December. He also noted that it had been signed by the plaintiffs. He
did not read the Agreement but only glanced through it. He was told by the
agent that everything was in order.

67\. Danny Leow was questioned about the appointment of solicitors for the
defendants. He stated that originally Amethyst had appointed its own solicitor
to handle the purchase but when in early January he went to see that lawyer he
found the latter to be tied up with personal matters. He was not comfortable
with the solicitor’s ability to handle the purchase. This on the very same day
he decided to change solicitors and instructed Lourdes Chen & Lee instead. It
should be noted that by this time the defendants had discovered that Sea Union
had lodged a competing caveat against the property. Danny Leow admitted that
before his visit in January 2000, the defendants had not given the first set
of solicitors any instructions on the transaction and that this firm did not
have conduct of the matter for the defendants at all. He explained that he had
not gone to see the lawyer before early January because he assumed the matter
was being handed by Amethyst’s solicitors and that Philip Chan would ask those
solicitors to continue with the transaction. It was put to him that the
defendants had not been serious purchasers of the property and that when they
accidentally discovered the existence of the competing caveat they saw an
opportunity to cash in. Danny Leow denied this suggestion.

68\. He confirmed that the new law firm Lourdes Chen & Lee were instructed on
10 January 2000 but could only explain the nine day lapse before the firm
lodged the caveat on behalf of the defendants by stating that the lawyers had
delayed the lodgement. He also asserted that it was a coincidence that the
defendants’ application for approval to build a pair of semi-detached houses
on the property was also lodged on 19 January. He did not agree that as soon
as the defendants found out about the Sea Union caveat they had proceeded to
do everything in order to lay a foundation for a claim against the plaintiffs
for vast damages or that the defendants had not had the financial resources to
contemplate such a purchase.

69\. Danny Leow confirmed that at a meeting at Mike Kalwani’s office at
Peninsula Plaza the latter had demanded that the plaintiffs pay the defendants
$1 million to settle the matter. He did not know why that amount was demanded
and conceded that there was no basis for making it. Subsequently, in re-
examination, he elaborated that if the defendants’ purchase and redevelopment
of the property went ahead as planned, they would incur costs of around $3.5
million (including $800,000 in construction cost). The defendants had also
estimated that they would be able to sell each of the pair of semi-detached
houses for $2.3 million giving them a gross income of $4.6 million and
therefore about $1 million in profit. Danny Leow believed that that was the
reason why Mike Kalwani had demanded $1 million in damages.

70\. The witness confirmed that he had been present at the meeting held at the
premises of the defendants’ new solicitors, Messrs Fong & Partners, where Gary
Lee had given a statement. He averred that Gary Lee had been asked to tell the
truth. No threats had been made and the only reason why this statement had not
been signed was because Gary Lee had wanted $50,000 which the defendants had
refused to pay.

__

(b) Philip Chan

71\. In Philip Chan’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, he stated that on 22
December 1999, Gary Lee telephoned him to enquire whether Amethyst intended to
exercise the option and his reply was that they might not. Gary Lee telephoned
again and told him that the plaintiffs were agreeable to Amethyst proceeding
with the option/purchase of the property without requiring payment of the
balance ten percent of the sale price and that Amethyst’s nominee could
exercise the option. When he asked why the plaintiffs were prepared to do
this, the reply was that they needed to have a sale agreement in respect of
the property in order to get financing from the bank. Philip Chan told Gary
Lee that he would discuss the offer with his associates and later, when Gary
Lee telephoned him for the third time, he informed Gary Lee of their
acceptance and that the defendants would replace Amethyst as the purchaser.

72\. He continued that he had met Gary Lee on the evening of 22 December at
his work site in Toa Payoh. He handed to Gary Lee the option with the
Acceptance Copy executed by the defendants and Amethyst’s letter authorising
the defendants to exercise the option. As the option provided that it was to
be exercised by payment of the balance ten percent of the sale price, it was
agreed that Gary Lee would arrange for a fresh sale and purchase agreement to
be prepared and signed by the plaintiffs and the defendants to reflect the
variations agreed to. He then went on to give evidence similar to that of
Danny Leow regarding the signing of the agreement on the morning of 23
December. It should be noted that Gary Lee agreed the Acceptance Copy and
Amethyst’s letter of authority had been handed to him by Philip Chan although
he asserted this had happened on 24 December and not on 22 December.

73\. Philip Chan agreed that neither Amethyst nor the defendants had returned
the option duly accepted to the plaintiffs’ lawyers by 4pm on 22 December as
stipulated by the terms of the document. I asked whether that meant that the
option money was forfeited. His reply was no because he had been told by Gary
Lee that the agent would come and collect the option with a new condition that
only one percent would be needed to exercise it and the $24,000 would be the
deposit as stated in the fresh agreement. He explained that he handed over the
Acceptance Copy to Gary Lee because Gary Lee had asked him for it in order to
show the plaintiffs that the defendants intended to purchase the property.

74\. Philip Chan maintained under cross-examination that he had met Gary Lee
on 23 December at around 11am in the company of Danny Leow and Alan Lim. This
was the occasion when the Agreement was signed. He denied Gary Lee’s
allegation that he had had numerous conversations with the latter on the
evening of 23 December. He was definite that the signing of the Agreement took
place on 23 December and not 24 December because the latter date was Christmas
Eve.

75\. Philip Chan was asked why Amethyst had ignored the plaintiffs’
solicitors’ letter of 30 December. By this letter, the plaintiffs had put
forward the position that Amethyst had allowed the option given to it by the
plaintiffs to lapse without exercising it in the specified manner. The letter
went on to state that the option fee of $24,000 had accordingly been forfeited
to the plaintiffs and that neither party would have any claim or lien on the
property. It was suggested to him that the letter reflected a position that
was the opposite of that which he had agreed with Gary Lee. Philip Chan
maintained that he had not considered the letter to be important. It had been
sent to him only by fax seven days after the agreement had been signed and
whilst it sounded strange to him that the plaintiffs were asserting that the
option money had been forfeited, he did not act on it as he was very busy
trying to complete his project at Toa Payoh.

__

(c) Other witnesses

76\. Evidence for the defendants was also given by Mike Kalwani (officially
Bharat Dharmadas Kalwani) and Mrs Phyllis Fong (Tan Guat Neo, Phyllis), the
defendants’ solicitor. I need not recount their evidence at this stage since
neither of them was involved in the events of the 22, 23 and 24 December 1999
except to say that Mike Kalwani confirmed the story told by both Danny Leow
and Philip Chan that Gary Lee had refused to sign the statement taken from him
at Mrs Fong’s office because the defendants were not willing to pay him
$50,000. Mrs Fong was not present when this refusal took place. She confirmed,
however, that the statement had been given voluntarily by Gary Lee to her
assistant in her presence at her office and that he had read over the first
draft and made minor corrections to it. Thereafter he had asked her to leave
the room because he wanted to talk to Danny Leow and his associates privately.
When she returned to the room she was told that Gary Lee had refused to sign
the document.

77\. I note here for completeness that the prepared statement gave an account
of the events leading up to the signing of the Agreement which reflected the
defendants’ version of events. It contained an averment by Gary Lee that he
had been instructed by Sam Bhojraj on 22 December that the option could be
exercised by another party and then converted to a sale and purchase agreement
with the option fee being used as the consideration for the sale and purchase
agreement. He also said in the statement that the purchasers had signed the
Agreement on 23 December and after this was done he had informed the
plaintiffs of the signing.

****

Findings of fact

78\. I find, on the evidence, that by 22 December 1999, the plaintiffs were
desperate to have a concluded contract for the sub-sale of the property. This
was because they were already late in completing their own purchase from Lian
Huah Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd and, having been served with a 21 day
notice on 21 December, were facing not only payment of interest for late
completion but also the chance of being sued for damages if they were not able
to complete within the 21 days. The non-completion must have been due to the
plaintiffs’ inability to raise sufficient finance as they did not, up to 21
December, have evidence of a concrete sub-sale of the property.

79\. I do not accept Sam Bhojraj’s testimony that there was no difficulty in
him procuring a loan when he wanted it and that the only difference that
having a sub-sale would make would be in the quantum of the loan. Even if this
assertion was true, the non-completion of their own purchase must have meant
that the loan quantum that was available to the plaintiffs (approximately 60
percent of the purchase price) in the absence of a confirmed sub-sale would
not have provided them with sufficient funds to pay the 90 percent of the
price due on completion.

80\. In those circumstances, the plaintiffs were extremely anxious that the
option be exercised by Amethyst. I hold that when it became clear to the
plaintiffs some time in the late afternoon of 22 December that Amethyst was
not proceeding, Sam Bhojraj must have recognised the possibility that Amethyst
was being held back by an inability to come up with the $218,000 required for
the exercise of the option. He was also all too aware of the plaintiffs’
pressing need for a sale contract in order to obtain the maximum possible
financing. The plaintiffs admitted that he then put a proposition to Gary Lee
for the latter’s onward transmission to Amethyst.

81\. I hold that the proposition put forward was that notwithstanding the
lapse of the option, the plaintiffs were prepared to sell the property to
Amethyst at the previously agreed price but on altered payment terms. Instead
of having to pay a deposit of ten percent, Amethyst would only have to pay a
deposit of one percent and the remaining 99 percent of the purchase price
would be payable on completion. Further, the one percent deposit would be
taken as having been satisfied by the payment of the option money in October
1999. The quid pro quo for this arrangement was that Amethyst would have to
enter into a sale contract rather than be granted a new option so that there
would be an immediately binding agreement which the plaintiffs would be able
to show to their bankers. In my judgment, Sam Bhojraj would have realised at
the time that even his new proposition would not have been attractive to
Amethyst if he had told them that he was forfeiting the option fee and that
for the new arrangement they would have to pay another $24,200 in cash as the
initial deposit.

82\. Further, the plaintiffs’ official version ie that the terms of the new
arrangement called for an immediate payment of $24,200 is not supported by the
evidence of Gary Lee. This was the person who had to convey that information
to Amethyst on the plaintiffs’ behalf. As shown by the extensive quotations
from his evidence set out in para 49, Gary Lee did not convey such a term to
Philip Chan. He should have done so as he was acting as the plaintiffs’ agent
in putting forward the proposals. Gary Lee sought to explain the omission to
properly convey the proposition by saying that at the time he spoke to Philip
Chan he thought that two interpretations could be given to the term relating
to the one percent deposit. Due to his confusion on the matter, he did not
clearly notify Philip Chan of the payment requirement. I find this evidence
incredible.

83\. I do not accept that Gary Lee had two interpretations of the term. He
knew what the plaintiffs wanted to propose and that was that the deposit would
be met by the option fee even though that option fee was slightly short of one
percent of the purchase price. That is the proposal that he put forward to
Philip Chan. He could not admit it in court because that would undermine the
plaintiffs’ case but on the other hand he was not willing to lie outright and
say that he had told Philip Chan that the deposit had to be paid in cash when
the agreement was signed. The reluctance to tell such an outright lie on this
aspect (a reluctance which was not reflected in some other aspects of his
evidence) was probably because if he had told it he would then have had to
explain why he had not collected the deposit at the time the defendants signed
the Agreement and had yet left one completed copy of the Agreement with them.

84\. Further evidence of the plaintiffs’ intention may be garnered from the
Agreement itself. This provided for $24,000 to be the quantum of the deposit.
That figure was identical to the option fee. It was not the equivalent of one
percent of the purchase price. That would have been $24,200. If the plaintiffs
had been expecting to collect one percent on the signing of the Agreement they
would surely have drafted the clause using the figure of $24,200. The only
reason they used $24,000 as the deposit was that they already had this amount.

85\. The new proposition was put to Philip Chan in the late afternoon or the
evening of 22 December. As he testified, he consulted with his associates and
having done so, informed Gary Lee that he and they were willing to accept this
proposition on the basis that the buyer would be the defendants rather than
Amethyst. Although the plaintiffs had contemplated entering into the new
arrangement with Amethyst, when the defendants’ name was put forward and Sam
Bhojraj was told by Gary Lee that the defendants were associated with
Amethyst, he accepted them as the buyer though he did require some evidence of
a commitment on the defendants’ part and this was the reason why the
defendants signed the Acceptance Copy of the option even though it had
expired. In the desperate situation in which the plaintiffs found themselves,
they were happy to have someone willing to enter a legally binding contract
with them and were not fussy about who it was.

86\. I hold that all these events happened on 22 December. I do not accept
Gary Lee’s and Sam Bhojraj’s testimony that it was only on 23 December that
Philip Chan conveyed the defendants’ agreement to buy to the plaintiffs. There
were several inconsistencies in the evidence of the plaintiffs’ witnesses on
this point. For example, Sam Bhojraj himself pinpointed three different times
on 23 December as being the times when he was told that the defendants rather
than Amethyst were the buyers. First, he said that he was told that over the
telephone on the morning of 23 December. Next he said that he was told that by
Gary Lee when the latter was in his office that morning and finally he
asserted that it was only when he was in his lawyer’s office drawing up the
agreement that he learnt the name of the purchaser. Additionally, there is
concrete supporting evidence for 22 December in the form of the date of
Amethyst’s letter of authorisation and the date inserted in the Acceptance
Copy. Both these were dated 22 December and I see no reason why the defendants
and Amethyst would, if they had made their decision to buy in the defendants’
name only on 23 December, have backdated those documents since they knew in
any case that the contract would be evidenced by the new Agreement and not by
the exercised option.

87\. I accept that on the morning of 23 December, Sam Bhojraj and Gary Lee
proceeded to the plaintiffs’ solicitors’ office for the purpose of having a
sale and purchase agreement between the plaintiffs as vendors and the
defendants as purchasers drawn up. This visit must have been arranged between
the two men some time on 22 December after Philip Chan had indicated the
defendants’ acceptance of the plaintiffs’ new proposition. Once the Agreement
was ready, Sam Bhojraj signed it on behalf of the plaintiffs and handed it to
Gary Lee. In my judgment, the only instruction given to Gary Lee at that time
was to take the documents to the defendants, have them sign both and bring
back one signed copy for the plaintiffs’ further action. The very fact that
Sam Bhojraj signed and dated the Agreement before handing it to Gary Lee shows
that at the time he was quite confident that the defendants had accepted the
plaintiffs’ proposition and that he was willing to commit the plaintiffs to a
legal contract with the defendants. If he had been at all unsure of their
reaction or was not willing to commit the plaintiffs until the deposit was
paid, he would not have signed the sale and purchase agreement. In fact by
that time he had most probably seen the signed Acceptance Copy and that was
why he was willing to draw up and pre-sign the Agreement.

88\. I do not accept that Gary Lee was, as asserted by the plaintiffs,
instructed to collect the one percent deposit referred to in the Agreement.
Here, I note that Gary Lee himself at more than one point of his testimony,
indicated that no such instruction had been given and that he had no idea that
he was supposed to collect any cash from the defendants. At one stage,
following the plaintiffs’ line that the one percent deposit was to be paid at
about the time of the signing, Gary Lee indicated that he expected the
defendants’ lawyers to make this payment to the plaintiffs’ lawyers. He was
certain that he himself was not supposed to receive the money.

89\. I do not accept either that Gary Lee was instructed by the plaintiffs
that the Agreement had to be signed by the defendants on that same day, 23
December, or else the plaintiffs would no longer be willing to sell the
property to the defendants on the proposed terms. In this respect, there was a
major inconsistency between the evidence given by Sam Bhojraj and that of Gary
Lee. The former asserted that he told Gary Lee, at the time the documents were
handed over at the solicitors’ office, that if he did not get them back with
the cheque on the same day he would take it that the defendants had no further
interest in the property. Gary Lee, however, stated that no such instruction
was given to him when he first received the documents and it was only much
later that Sam Bhojraj issued those instructions.

90\. I find that once Gary Lee had the documents he proceeded straight to
Philip Chan’s office in Toa Payoh where he met Danny Leow and Alan Lim as well
and procured the defendants’ signature of the Agreement. I do not accept the
plaintiffs’ version that the defendants were elusive and undecided on 23
December and that despite chasing them the whole day, Gary Lee could not get
an acceptance from them until the morning of 24 December. Even on the
plaintiffs’ story, Philip Chan had agreed, on the defendants’ behalf, to the
plaintiffs’ proposition on the morning of 23 December before the plaintiffs’
visit to the solicitors’ office. Having agreed to the purchase in the morning,
there was no reason for the defendants not to sign the Agreement immediately.
If Gary Lee had said that the Agreement was not signed on the same day because
Danny Leow was busy and Philip Chan could not procure his attendance at a
convenient location, that would have been more believable than the story
actually put forth which was that after accepting the deal the defendants had
second thoughts and Gary Lee had to keep asking whether they were still
agreeable to it and he could see them. It should be noted that no independent
evidence (such as telephone records) was put forward of all the numerous calls
that had purportedly taken place between Gary Lee and Philip Chan throughout
23 December or of the similarly numerous telephone calls between Sam Bhojraj
and Gary Lee up to the early hours of 24 December.

91\. Even if I were disposed to accept the plaintiffs’ version that the
Agreement was not signed until 24 December, I would have held that at the time
of its signing the plaintiffs had not withdrawn their offer to the defendants.
This was because Sam Bhojraj admitted that in his last telephone conversation
with Gary Lee after midnight of 23 December, he had left the matter open. He
also confirmed that he had not told Gary Lee on the morning of 24 December
that the deal was off until around noon of that day although later on he
changed this evidence and said he had told Gary Lee this at about 11am. Sam
Bhojraj’s evidence on this point is unreliable. He twisted and turned too much
in his effort to establish that the defendants were late. It should be noted
also that Gary Lee averred that up to the time he procured the defendants’
signature at noon on 24 December, he had not been told by the plaintiffs that
they had withdrawn their offer. Gary Lee was called as the plaintiffs’ witness
and thus this evidence is all the more damaging to the plaintiffs’ case.

92\. It would have been noted from the holdings above that where there has
been a discrepancy between the story told by the plaintiffs and that told by
the defendants, I have preferred the defendants’ version of events. I am aware
that the defendants’ witnesses have not been totally consistent with each
other and on occasion they were caught out in lies, for example, Danny Leow’s
initial attempt to pass off the signature on the Acceptance Copy as his.
Overall, however, their evidence was consistent and probable and the flaws in
it are more likely to have been caused by lapses in memory than by deliberate
attempts to embroider their case.

93\. The same could not be said of the evidence given by Sam Bhojraj and Gary
Lee. Both these persons changed their accounts to suit the plaintiffs’ case
and to fill up the gaps that became apparent as cross-examination proceeded.
Gary Lee was the more obvious liar but Sam Bhojraj was equally at fault.
Further, he tried to elicit untruthful evidence (but evidence that would be
helpful to the plaintiffs) by paying Gary Lee more than the agreed commission
in return for the letter of 22 January. Sam Bhojraj could not explain to my
satisfaction why the fee of $5,000 for a successful sale had turned into
$10,000 for an aborted sale which was boding to become a major legal problem
for the plaintiffs. In my judgment, the extra $5,000 was paid to Gary Lee to
bring him squarely into the plaintiffs’ camp for the purposes of the case. It
was perhaps fortunate for the plaintiffs that the defendants were not equally
willing to pay for evidence as if they had been the plaintiffs would have
discovered that once bought, Gary Lee did not stay bought but was still
willing to sell his testimony to a higher bidder.

****

Legal consequences of findings of fact __

Status of option

94\. The first issue is the status of the Amethyst option after 4pm on 22
December. That was an offer which had to be accepted in a stipulated manner by
a stipulated date. If either of the stipulations was not met, then the offer
lapsed and the option money was forfeited to the plaintiffs. In the event,
neither stipulation was met and therefore on its face, at 4pm on 22 December
the option came to an end. The defendants contended, however, that it
continued to exist because its terms were varied by the proposition which the
plaintiffs made to them that day ie that the option could be exercised without
requiring payment of a deposit of ten percent of the purchase price as long as
the parties entered into a sale and purchase contract straightaway and that
the $24,000 paid as option fee would serve as the deposit required under such
contract.

95\. The plaintiffs argued that in law there could be no such variation
because there was no written document evidencing the same. They relied on the
legal requirement that to be valid, contracts for the sale of an interest in
land must be evidenced in writing and the ancillary rule that variations of
such contracts must also be written. They went on to submit that oral evidence
of the variation of the option was not admissible under s 94 of the Evidence
Act (Cap 97). This section provides that, except in certain circumstances,
when the terms of a contract which is required by law to be in writing have
been proved by the admission of the written document evidencing the contract,
no evidence of any oral agreement or statement can be admitted as between the
parties to such instrument for the purpose of contradicting, varying, adding
to or subtracting from its terms.

96\. I accept the plaintiffs’ argument on this point. I do not think that the
option was varied. Even if the plaintiffs’ intention at the time were to
procure a variation of the option, the oral evidence to that effect would not
be admissible under s 94 of the Evidence Act. In any case, in my judgment, the
plaintiffs had no intention of varying the option. That brings us to the next
issue which is what the plaintiffs’ new proposition was.

_

Is the Agreement a variation of the option?

_

97\. In my view, what in fact happened was that once it was clear to the
plaintiffs that Amethyst would not be exercising the option in accordance with
its terms, the plaintiffs decided to forget about the option altogether and
put forward a new proposal. This proposal which was addressed to Amethyst was
that provided Amethyst was willing to enter into a sale and purchase agreement
with the plaintiffs immediately, the plaintiffs would sell the property to
Amethyst at $2,420,000 with this price being paid in two instalments: $24,000
on signing of the contract (to be treated as satisfied by the payment of the
option fee) and the balance on completion.

98\. Sam Bhojraj was emphatic that what he wanted was to proceed to a sale and
purchase agreement straightaway. His stand and that repeated by the plaintiffs
in their submissions was that the Amethyst option and the Agreement were two
entirely different contracts. He did not accept that the Agreement was a
variation of the option. I agree. The proposal which Gary Lee put forward was
intended for Amethyst. In the event Amethyst did not accept the proposal but
put forward a counter offer that the defendants would be the purchaser. The
plaintiffs could have refused at this point. They did not do so because they
were desperate to sell and also because there was going to be an immediate
contractual relationship between them and the new buyer which was distinct
from the option. They therefore accepted the defendants as the buyer and drew
up the Agreement to reflect this.

99\. If the Agreement were to be considered a valid contract, it would be a
valid contract which stands on its own independent and apart from the option
which lapsed. In law, the Agreement cannot function as a variation of the
option. First, the Agreement is between the plaintiffs and the defendants
whereas if there had been a valid variation of the option that variation would
have existed between the plaintiffs and Amethyst to whom the plaintiffs were
addressing their proposals. Secondly, there are differences between the terms
of the Agreement and the terms of the sale contract that would have arisen had
the option been exercised. The difference in the terms is substantial and not
limited to the difference in the mode of payment. Further, these different
terms were not put forward to Philip Chan when the lapsing of the option was
discussed and therefore had not been accepted by the defendants at the time
Philip Chan conveyed their willingness to purchase the property on the new
basis. The defendants did of course accept all the terms of the Agreement when
they signed it but this would be acceptance of those terms as contained in a
new and separate contract and not an acceptance of a varied option.

100\. In my judgment, the purported signing of the Acceptance Copy of the
Amethyst option by the defendants had no legal effect as there is no evidence
of a valid variation whereby that signature alone would constitute a valid
exercise of the option when the other stipulations were not met. In any case,
by the time the defendants signed the option, the plaintiffs had by their
offer made through Gary Lee, made it quite clear that they did not want a sale
and purchase agreement on the terms contained in the option but wanted a new
contract altogether.

__

Validity of Agreement: (i) condition precedent

101\. The next issue that arises is as to the validity of the Agreement. The
plaintiffs’ position is that the Agreement is a nullity on various legal
grounds. First, they say that a condition precedent to its validity was not
met. This was that it was not signed on 23 December as specified by them. In
view of the findings which I have made on the facts, this objection has no
substance. I have found that there was no condition that the Agreement had to
be signed on 23 December in order to be valid and that even if there had been
that condition was fulfilled. Further, even if the Agreement was signed on 24
December despite the plaintiffs’ imposition of the time limit, Sam Bhojraj had
subsequently left the position open and had not withdrawn Gary Lee’s authority
to present the Agreement to the defendants for signing until after the
document had in fact been signed. By then it was too late to re-impose the
condition.

__

(ii) Consideration

102\. The next set of legal objections is based on the non-payment of the
deposit required by the Agreement. First, the plaintiffs rely on the well
established principle that for a contract to be enforceable, it must be
supported by valid consideration. They contend that the Agreement was not
supported by valid consideration in that the sum of $24,000 was not paid to
the plaintiffs by the defendants as the defendants themselves openly admitted.

103\. There are two difficulties with the plaintiffs’ argument. The first is a
factual one: that is that the plaintiffs themselves had proposed to apply the
option money in payment of the deposit due under the option. Knowing that the
defendants had agreed to purchase the property on the basis of that proposal,
the plaintiffs cannot resile from it and argue that the defendants have not
given consideration for the Agreement because they did not physically pay the
deposit. The second problem is that in this case the deposit cannot be
regarded as the consideration for the Agreement. The consideration for the
Agreement is the legally enforceable promise by the defendants to purchase the
property at the price and on the terms set out in the Agreement. Just because
the deposit may not have been paid in accordance with the terms of the
Agreement does not mean that there was a total failure of consideration
resulting in the Agreement being a nullity. Once signed the Agreement was an
executory contract which bound both parties though not a cent may have changed
hands at that stage.

_

(iii) Was payment of the deposit a condition precedent or a fundamental term?

_

104\. The plaintiffs’ alternative argument was that payment of the deposit was
either a condition precedent to the validity of the Agreement or a fundamental
term of it. In the former case, non-payment would result in the Agreement not
taking effect as a valid contract whereas in the latter case non-payment would
be a breach of contract entitling the plaintiffs to treat the Agreement,
although valid, as having been repudiated.

105\. The legal status of a deposit clause in an agreement for sale and
purchase of property has been considered in several cases. In _Myton Ltd v
Schwab-Morris_ [1974] 1 All ER 326, an agreement for the underlease of a
maisonette provided by cl 2 that the defendant ‘shall on or before the signing
hereof pay ten percentum of the premium of 70,000 due on the said underlease
as a deposit’ to the plaintiff. This clause came up for consideration in
proceedings between the plaintiff and the defendant after the defendant’s
cheque in purported payment of the deposit was dishonoured by non-payment. It
was held by Goulding J that as a general rule a deposit was demanded and paid
on the signing of a contract for the sale of land, or grant of a lease at a
premium, as an earnest of the purchaser’s ability to complete the contract in
due course; the vendor did not in the normal case, intend to be bound by the
contract without having the deposit in his own or his stakeholder’s possession
as a protection against possible loss from default by the purchaser. Since
there was nothing in the language of cl 2 of the agreement, or the special
circumstances of the case, to displace the general rule, it followed that cl 2
stated a condition precedent to the agreement taking effect and, the deposit
not having been paid, the plaintiff was not bound by the agreement. It was
held in the alternative that if cl 2 did not express a condition precedent,
payment of the deposit under that clause was a fundamental term of the
contract, so that the defendant’s failure to comply with it entitled the
plaintiff to renounce further performance.

106\. The decisions in _Myton Ltd_ and succeeding cases were cited to the
English Court of Appeal when it heard _Damon Cia Naviera SA v Hapag-Lloyd
International SA_[1985] 1 All ER 475 a case involving a contract for the sale
of three vessels. One of the issues there was the effect of cl 2 which
provided ‘As a security for the correct fulfilment of this contract, the
Buyers shall pay a deposit of 10% … of the Purchase Money on signing this
contract …’. The court held that actual payment of the deposit was not
necessarily a condition precedent to the formation of the contract. The
parties had entered into an executory sale agreement, all the terms of which
had been finalised, and there was no reason to infer that a contract did not
arise until the deposit was paid, since the provision for such payment was a
fundamental term of the contract itself.

107\. Fox LJ in the course of his judgment considered various authorities
which had been cited on the question of the effect of a clause providing for
payment of a deposit in a contract for sale. He said (at pp 483 to 484):

> ‘In _Millichamp v Jones_[1983] 1 All ER 267, [1982] 1 WLR 1422 there was a
> written agreement for the purchase of land. It included a provision for
> payment of a deposit. The purchaser failed to pay the deposit. Warner J held
> that the payment of the deposit was not a condition precedent to the
> creation of a contract. Having referred to the authorities which I have
> mentioned he said ([1983] 1 All ER 267 at 274, [1982] 1 WLR 1422 at 1430):
>

>> "… it seems to me that unless a distinction is to be made between sales by
auction and sales by private treaty, the weight of authority is in favour of
the view that a requirement in a contract for the sale of land that a deposit
should be paid by the purchaser does not constitute a condition precedent,
failure to fulfil which prevents the contract from coming into existence, but
is in general to be taken as a fundamental term of the contract, breach of
which entitles the vendor, if he so elects, to treat the contract as at an end
and to sue for damages including the amount of the unpaid deposit. Nor do I
see that anything, either in the authorities or in principle, calls for a
distinction to be made in that respect between sales by auction and sales by
private treaty."

>
> In _Portaria Shipping Co v Gulf Pacific Navigation Co Ltd, The Selene
> G_[1981] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 180 the written agreement followed the Norwegian sale
> form but with some amendments. Clause 2 provided:
>

>> "As security for the correct fulfilment of this contract the Buyers shall
pay a deposit of 10%… of the Purchase Money within 48 hours … after signing
this Memorandum of Agreement …"

>
> The buyers did not pay the deposit and the sellers rescinded. It was held by
> Robert Goff J that the obligation to pay the deposit was an essential term
> of the contract. It was not suggested that the payment of the deposit was a
> condition precedent to the existence of the contract.
>
> Of the cases to which I have referred the condition precedent question was
> only directly in issue in _Myton Ltd v Schwab-Morris and Millichamp v
> Jones_. While I differ with hesitation from the view of Goulding J, who has
> much experience in matters relating to the sale of land, I do not feel able
> to agree that in general, where the agreement provides for the payment of a
> deposit, such payment is necessarily a prerequisite to the formation of a
> contract. It may well be that in practice a vendor’s solicitors would refuse
> to exchange contracts until the deposit was in their hands or that of a
> stakeholder. But in my view, if the parties, as in the present case,
> actually enter into an executory agreement for sale all the terms of which
> are finalised, one of them being that a deposit shall be paid, and which
> objectively is a contractual agreement, I see no reason for inferring that
> no contract arises until the deposit is paid. The provision for the payment
> of a deposit is simply a term of the contract. In the absence of special
> provision it does not seem to me to carry with it any implication that it is
> a condition precedent to the existence of contractual relations. And in none
> of the cases to which I have referred, except _Myton Ltd v Schwab-Morris and
> Millichamp v Jones_(in which it failed), does such a suggestion appear to
> have been advanced at all. It seems also to have been raised before Goulding
> J in _Beck v Box_(1973) 231 EG 1295 but he did not have to decide it.
>
> Accordingly, I prefer the view of Warner J in _Millichamp v Jones_ and hold
> that the provision for payment of the deposit was not a condition precedent
> to the formation of a contract. It was in my view a fundamental term of the
> contract. I entirely agree with the view of Goulding J in _Myton Ltd v
> Schwab-Morris_[1974] 1 All ER 326 at 331, [1974] 1 WLR 331 at 337 (expressed
> on the alternative basis that he was wrong as to the condition precedent)
> that the provision for payment of the deposit was ‘a term of so radical a
> nature that the defendant’s failure to comply with it would entitle the
> plaintiff company to renounce further performance’. (See also _Millichamp v
> Jones and The Selene G_.) The result, in my opinion, is that the provision
> for payment of the deposit was not a condition precedent to the formation of
> the contract but was a fundamental term of a concluded contract.’

It should be noted that Goff LJ who was also a member of the Court agreed with
this view of the effect of a deposit clause although he was in the minority on
the question of the damages due to the plaintiff in that case. With due
respect I agree with the views expressed in _Damon Cia Naviera SA_ case.

108\. In the present case, cl 2 of the Agreement provided:

> ‘Upon the signing of this Agreement the Purchaser shall pay to the Vendor a
> sum of Dollars Twenty-four thousand ($24,000) as and by way of deposit
> herein (the receipt whereby the Vendor hereby acknowledges)’.

There was nothing else in the Agreement which reflected on the status of the
deposit clause which would distinguish it from the ordinary deposit clause
that, as Fox LJ pointed out, does not operate as a condition precedent but is
simply a term of the contract. In my judgment, the clause here was not a
condition precedent either. It was a fundamental term of the contract and if
it had not been complied with, could have permitted the plaintiffs to
repudiate the contract for breach on the part of the defendants. The clause
was, however, complied with in that the plaintiffs had already agreed to treat
the option fee as the deposit.

109\. In any case, if one is going to repudiate a contract because of
fundamental breach on the part of the other party, one must do so quickly or
one loses that right. In this case, the plaintiffs did not repudiate the
contract expressly until 14 January 2000 when their solicitors wrote that the
sale was deemed to be aborted because the defendants had not signed and
returned the Agreement within the agreed time and with the required deposit.
By that time the defendants had taken various steps in relation to the
property in the belief that the contract was valid and existing and in my view
it was too late for the plaintiffs to so elect. In their closing submissions,
the plaintiffs argued that the defendants had had early constructive notice of
repudiation of the Agreement in that Gary Lee was informed on 24 December that
the plaintiffs had that day granted an option to Mr Lim in respect of the
property. This proposition would only be maintainable if Gary Lee was at the
time the defendants’ agent so that notice to him was notice to them.

110\. The plaintiffs did make an argument that Gary Lee was acting as the
defendants’ agent by virtue of the commission agreement that he had signed
with Amethyst. I do not accept that argument. The document only related to
Amethyst’s agreement to pay ALP a commission for broking the deal. It did not
appoint ALP as Amethyst’s agent much less the defendants’ agent for any other
purpose. It was clear from Gary Lee’s evidence that in relation to everything
that happened once Amethyst had made it apparent that it would not exercise
the option, he was acting solely as agent for the plaintiffs. When Sam Bhojraj
informed Gary Lee of the option to Mr Lim, the information was imparted and
received by the latter as the agent of the plaintiffs and his position as such
was appreciated by both parties.

111\. I am satisfied that on 23 December 1999, there was a valid and
enforceable contract for the sale of the property by the plaintiffs to the
defendants. This contract was embodied in the Agreement, a document that is
legally binding on both parties. Nothing that happened thereafter changed the
legal position. The defendants acquired an interest in the property by reason
of the Agreement and were entitled to place their caveat against it in January
2000. It might have helped matters had they put in a caveat immediately after
signing the document but a caveat reflects an equitable interest, it does not
create one. The defendants’ failure to lodge the caveat for some weeks could
not change their equitable position as purchasers.

**

Conclusion

**

112\. In the circumstances, the defendants have shown cause why they should
not be ordered to remove their caveat. The plaintiffs’ action must fail. I
therefore dismiss it with costs.

Judith Prakash

Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Aug 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

