Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sim Chiang Lee & Another v Lee Hock Chuan & Others  
[2000] SGHC 265

Case Number | : | Suit 1777/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 December 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gn Chiang Soon (Gn & Company) for the first and second plaintiffs; Cheong Yuen Hee and Alyssa Lee (Lim & Gopalan) for the first defendants; Anparasan s/o Kamachi (William Chai & Rama) for the second defendants; Teo Weng Kie and Kanita Mahendran (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the third defendants   
Parties | : | —  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Duty of care as owner and duty of care as
main tenant of premises  
  
Tort – Negligence – Res ipsa loquitur – Only an evidentiary doctrine – Where
plaintiff asserts negligence, burden still on plaintiff to prove negligence  
  
Tort – Rule in Rylands v Fletcher – Whether rule applicable to facts – Whether
rule should be extended to make non-occupiers liable  
  

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

**(IN RESPECT OF THE FIRST AND SECOND DEFENDANTS)**

**

The Action

**

1\. On 20 February 1999 a fire razed two shophouses known as 23 and 25 Senang
Crescent ("No. 23" and "No. 25" respectively). The first plaintiffs are the
owners of No. 23 and the second plaintiff was the tenant of the second storey
of that shophouse. The first defendants are the owners of No. 25. The second
defendants were the tenants of the second storey of No. 25, and the third
defendants were the tenants of the first storey of No. 25. The plaintiffs sued
all three defendants for damage arising from the fire on the ground that the
fire started at No. 25 and was the result of the negligence of the defendants.
They also sued alternatively under the rule in _Rylands v Fletcher_ , and
recited _res ipsa loquitur_ for good measure. No claim, however, was made in
the tort of nuisance. The first and second defendants filed a counter-claim on
the ground that the fire started at No. 23. At trial Mr. Cheong and Mr.
Anparasan for the first and second defendants respectively were granted leave
to discontinue the counter-claims. At the close of the plaintiffs’ case,
counsel for the first and second defendants submitted that there was no case
for their clients to meet.

2\. The main issue of fact concerned the origin and cause of the fire
although, of course, where the cause of action founded on negligence is
concerned, the origin of fire need not necessarily be at the defendants’
premises. However, in this case the plaintiffs’ allegations were that the
point of origin and the negligent act (cause of the fire) occurred at the
premises occupied by the third defendants, namely the first storey of No. 25.
The plaintiffs’ case was that the fire originated beneath a woodpile in the
front yard of No. 25. They alleged that the fire ignited from a fuse box which
had been negligently tampered with when the normal fuses were replaced with
three copper wires. Consequently, the fuses failed to blow when a short-
circuit occurred. An electrical arcing (electrical sparks) occurred and
ignited the fire which subsequently spread to the plaintiffs’ premises next
door.

3\. Counsel for the first and second defendants submitted that the action
against them ought to be dismissed. Their submissions were straightforward.
Counsel argued that there is no legal liability in law against persons who
were not in occupation or control of premises in which a fire had started and
spread to surrounding premises. Secondly, they argued, that there was no
allegation or evidence of any negligence on their clients’ part in causing the
fire. The evidence was manifestly clear that neither of these defendants were
occupiers or tenants of the lower premises at No. 25.

**

Strict Liability Of Owners

**

4\. Mr. Gn, counsel for the plaintiffs, submitted that the first defendants,
as owners, are liable to the plaintiffs on "an ancient common law" that owners
are strictly liable for fires that start or spread from their premises. He
argued that s 63 of the Insurance Act, Cap 142, offers the only possible
relief to an owner, but that provision does not avail the first defendants
because the fire here was not an accidental fire. S 63 is based on s 86 of The
Fires Prevention (Metropolis) Act 1774. S 63 reads as follows:

> > "No action shall lie against a person in whose house or premises or on
> whose estate any fire accidentally began except that no contract or
> agreement made between landlord and tenant shall be hereby defeated or made
> void".

5\. Mr. Gn contended that in this case, if he succeeded in showing that the
fire was caused by someone’s negligence, and it did not matter whose, then the
fire cannot be said to have started accidentally, and the first defendants as
owners must therefore be liable. An important point must first be made about s
63. It is a statutory provision which confers immunity from action in
circumstances in which fire was started accidentally. It is not a statutory
provision creating a cause of action. This statutory provision therefore
provides an instance in which an owner would not be liable. It does not
interfere with the position of the owner at common law. Historically, the
cases that have dealt with the escape of fire concerned owners who were also
occupiers, but Mr. Gn wanted a judicial pronouncement that an owner who is not
in occupation or control is liable for damage caused by fire spread from his
premises unless the fire began accidentally. A passage from Michael Jones’s
_Textbook On Torts_ (7th edition, p367 – p368 8.2.1) provides an illuminating
summary of an owner’s liability at common law:

> > "The early common law remedy for damage caused by fire was a form of
> trespass on the case for negligently allowing one’s fire to escape. The word
> ‘negligently’ was not used in its modern sense and there is some doubt as to
> whether liability was strict or fault-based (cf. _Winfield and Jolowicz,
> p446_ with _Clerk and Lindsell, 25-29_ and _Charlesworth and Percy, 12-105_
> to _12-109_). Many of the judicial comments to the effect that a man must
> keep his fire ‘at his peril’ have been made in the context of actions which
> are analogous to the rule in _Rylands v Fletcher,_ although liability for
> fire predates _Rylands v_ _Fletcher_. Thus, there must be an escape;
> liability is based on the occupation and control of land and so an occupier
> is liable for the acts of others who are under his control; and act of a
> stranger or an unforeseeable Act of God are defences.
>>

>> The modern tendency, then, has been to assimilate the common law liability
for fire with the rule in _Rylands &_ _Fletcher_."

6\. A similar commentary is found in _The Law of Torts_ , by John Fleming (9th
edition, p392) which stated that the common law liability "was fundamentally
changed by _Rylands v Fletcher_. Not only was fire itself readily treated as a
_Rylands v Fletcher_ object, but the ancient rule for the escape of fire,
including its statutory modification, was eventually absorbed and qualified
by, the principle in _Rylands v Fletcher_ ". In my view, there is neither
authority nor justification in holding an owner who is not in occupation or
control of premises which had been tenanted out is nonetheless liable for fire
arising and spreading from those premises on account of mere ownership. The
plaintiffs’ recourse is to sue the actual occupier who may join the owner as a
third party if he has an independent claim for an indemnity from the owner.

**_

Ryland v Fletcher

_ And The First And Second Defendant **

7\. Mr. Gn conceded that the plaintiffs had no basis in proceeding against the
owners here under the rule in _Rylands v Fletcher_ , but sought to argue that
they did as against the second defendants. However, the plaintiffs did not
plead _Rylands v Fletcher_ against the second defendants and, having closed
their case, it was too late to amend the pleadings. It would have required
them to plead the particulars of non-natural user and the subsequent escape,
both of which are indispensable elements of the rule. The only particulars in
the pleadings refer to an escape of fire due to what the plaintiffs call
"defective wiring". It would not be right to expect the second defendants to
amend their defence and get-up their case at this stage to meet the fresh
cause. Furthermore, the plaintiffs’ evidence have not shown that there was a
non-natural user of land, by the second defendants. The ordinary use of
electricity is not a non-natural user of land in the _Ryland v Fletcher_
sense. No submission was, in any event, made by Mr. Gn in this regard.

**

Negligence Against First And Second Defendants

**

8\. The third ground which Mr. Gn relied on against the first and second
defendants was based on negligence. He argued that these defendants though not
occupiers of the lower floor of No. 25, were under a duty of care as owner and
main tenant respectively, to inspect the fuse box at regular intervals. On the
evidence, the third defendants were in occupation as tenants for at least four
years prior to the fire. There was no contractual obligation on the part of
the first or second defendants to maintain the fuse box, and even if there
were, their duty as owner and main tenant was only to carry out repairs as and
when required by the tenant. It would be an unwarranted expansion of that duty
to require them to make regular inspection of premises which they had no right
of entry during the duration of the tenancy to the third defendants without
the latter’s consent. Furthermore, the suggestion, postulated by Mr. Gn, that
three separate and independent parties (the three defendants) may and ought to
share the same duty of inspecting the fuse box is impractical, and unnecessary
for imposing legal responsibility. Only one party should hold that
responsibility, and that lies with the occupier. If he has a separate
contractual arrangement with anyone else then it is for him to bring that
person into the action by way of third party proceedings. Mr. Gn relied on
_Virco Metal Industrial Pte Ltd v Carltech Trading Industries Pte Ltd & Ors,
[2000] 2 SLR 201, _for the authority that the landlord is responsible for
checking and installing a safe and proper switch. But that case turned on its
own facts. There was no allegation by the plaintiffs or the third defendants
in the present case that it was the first or second defendants who replaced
the fuses with copper wires. The third defendants’ case was that they did not
tamper with the fuses but they did not know who did; and they were not
prepared to say that it was either the first or second defendants who were
responsible for it. In the nine years that the first storey of No. 25 was
tenanted out no complaint was received by the first defendant landlords that
something about the fuse box was amiss. There was no evidence that anyone had
any inclination that the fuses in the fuse box had been replaced by copper
wire; but more importantly, there was no evidence that that particular fuse
box, in the shophouse that was at least 30 years old, was still in use.

9\. Mr. Gn suggested that an expansion of the duty of care requiring the three
defendants to make regular inspection merely required them to meet and agree
on the appointment of an electrician to make regular inspections of the fuse
box, and was, therefore, not an onerous duty. It is not quite so simple. Mr.
Gn’s idea may be convenient for persons in the plaintiff’s position, but an
expansion of the duty he proposed involves an unnecessary intrusion into areas
of law and practice concerning landlords and tenants. The law imposes
sufficient obligations and sanctions on an occupier not to do harm to his
neighbour, whether by trespass, negligence, nuisance or under the Rule in
_Rylands v Fletcher_. An occupier in the plaintiffs’ position seeking comfort
against harm or damage that falls outside the above laws protecting him, must
cover himself with appropriate insurance. ****

Res Ipsa Loquitur

10\. I need to deal with the plaintiffs’ plea of _res ipsa loquitur_. In my
judgment, _res ipsa loquitur_ is only an evidentiary doctrine and does not
apply in this case because the plaintiffs had specifically sought to show that
the cause of the fire was an electrical ignition. That being the case, it will
not assist them to say that if they fail, the defendants must then explain how
the fire occurred. This is not how the doctrine is intended to be used. The
burden of proof lies with he who asserts. Where a plaintiff asserts negligence
he must prove negligence. If he is unable to assert any cause, then he may, if
the circumstances permit, cry _res ipsa loquitur_ and shift the burden of
proof to the defendant to establish how the facts complained of occurred. The
overall burden (the legal burden) of proving the plaintiffs’ case remains with
the plaintiff. Where, as in this case, the plaintiff makes a specific
allegation of negligence he cannot rely on the rule to establish a preliminary
case of negligence. He must proceed to prove forthwith that which he has
asserted to be the defendant’s negligence.

**

Conclusion

**

11\. For the reasons above I find that the plaintiffs have no cause to pursue
against the first and second defendants. Their application to dismiss the
plaintiffs’ claim was therefore allowed. The trial then continued against the
third defendants. In the meantime, however, the plaintiffs have filed an
appeal against my decision dismissing their claim against the first and second
defendants.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Dec 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

