Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Kwan Peng Hong v Public Prosecutor  
[2000] SGHC 164

Case Number | : | MA 82/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 August 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ramesh Tiwary (Leo Fernando) for the appellant; Kan Shuk Weng and Gilbert Koh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Kwan Peng Hong — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Criminal force – Outrage of modesty – Accused
touching complainant's breast – Whether offence proved beyond reasonable doubt
– s 354 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Criminal force – Outrage of
modesty – Benchmark sentence when private parts intruded – Whether sentence of
ten weeks sufficient punishment  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Female witnesses in sexual offence cases – Whether
evidence of female victim should be treated with special legal status  
  
Evidence – Corroboration – Lack of corroboration in sexual offence case –
Whether corroborative evidence required to justify conviction – Whether
evidence unusually compelling or convincing  
  

: Although this was a minor molest case, the appeal raised significant legal
issues. Counsel based the appeal on the lack of corroborative evidence, the
way the court ought to treat the female complainant`s evidence, how caution
ought to be exercised in treating such evidence and whether the case had been
proven beyond reasonable doubt.  
  
The complainant`s allegation was that the appellant touched the side of her
right breast on a bus. The whole case turned on pure issues of fact. It boiled
down to whose evidence to believe, the female complainant`s allegation or the
male appellant`s bare denial of the offence. The trial judge, Audrey Lim, went
for the complainant, finding her much more credible than the appellant. He was
convicted and sentenced to ten weeks` imprisonment.  
  
After going through the record of proceedings and hearing the submissions from
counsel for the appellant, I found no compelling reason, either on facts or
law, to overturn the conviction or to regard the sentence as manifestly
excessive. I dismissed the appeal and affirmed the sentence.  
  
**_The facts_**

****

As the whole case turned on issues of fact, I shall lay out the facts in
detail here. There was a single charge under s 354 of the Penal Code (`PC`)
against the appellant, for outraging the complainant`s modesty by touching the
side of her right breast. The date, time and place of the incident, as well as
the identification of the appellant, were not challenged. The defence was a
bare denial of the offence.  
  
The complainant was a student. The appellant was then a treasury officer with
a bank. They had not met before the incident. On that day, the complainant
boarded a double-decker bus (`the bus`). She took a right window seat on the
upper deck. During the journey, the complainant was listening to her portable
radio with earphones. She felt two touches before she became more alert. She
confronted the appellant on the third touch.  
  
The complainant described the first touch as a `soft touch`. It was over the
side of her right armpit towards the breast area. There was no movement and it
lasted approximately four to five seconds. Thinking that it was an insect or
the wire of the portable radio, she shuffled a little and adjusted herself.  
  
The second touch happened some five to ten minutes later. Again, it was a soft
touch, lasted about five seconds, and with no movement. She turned her head
towards the area touched and saw a shadow from behind `pulling back`. She said
the touch felt like it was by a hand. As she now suspected that it was the
passenger seated behind her, she became more alert.  
  
Within five minutes, the same touch came again, with the same sensation, at
the same place. It did not last very long. When she felt it, the complainant
immediately turned her head around. She saw a hand pulling back from the gap
between her seat and the window, and that it belonged to the passenger sitting
behind her, the appellant. She said the appellant was then leaning slightly
forward, and when he pulled his hand back, he moved backwards leaning towards
his seat.  
  
She immediately stood up and asked him what he was trying to do. The appellant
replied that he `just got excited`. The appellant however subsequently denied
saying this. Shocked by the reply, she sat down and loudly told the appellant
not to touch her again. She felt scared and angry. A male passenger across the
aisle then told her to lodge a police report. The prosecution was unable to
produce this male witness.  
  
The appellant`s testimony was that during the bus journey, his mind was
preoccupied with two things, namely, the currency exchange position that he
had just created earlier in the morning, and the briefing which he was to give
his colleagues later that morning. He said he was seated in a slouched
position, with his knees propped up against the back of the complainant`s
seat. He said he was holding his pager throughout the bus journey, with his
hands resting on his laps, monitoring the foreign currency rates and various
stock indexes.  
  
The appellant said that, when he was confronted by the complainant, he thought
that she was annoyed with him as he had propped his knees against her seat, or
that his knees had clipped her hair in the process. He thus apologized to her.
However, the appellant could not recall whether his knees had indeed clipped
her hair. The complainant denied ever feeling that her hair had been clipped.  
  
I found the trial judge`s reasoning on this much more convincing. If indeed
the complainant`s hair was clipped or the appellant`s propping up his knees
behind her chair had made her uncomfortable, the feeling of discomfort would
have been on a completely different area of the body, certainly not the side
of the right breast.  
  
After the confrontation, the complainant walked downstairs to the bus driver,
Lim, and informed him that she had been molested and asked him to send her to
the nearest police station to lodge a report. Lim testified that she was very
angry. At that point, the bus had already passed the nearest police station.
Lim then stopped the bus and told her to borrow a handphone to call the police
instead.  
  
Meanwhile, the appellant came downstairs and tried to explain that it was all
a misunderstanding. However, the complainant proceeded to ask the other
passengers in the bus for a handphone to call the police. No one could lend
her a handphone. Finally, the appellant offered his handphone to her. She took
it from him and dialed for the police, told them her location, that she had
been molested and that the offender was a Chinese. Lim testified that she was
very angry throughout.  
  
By then, the passengers in the bus were getting impatient with the delay. They
wanted both the complainant and the appellant to get off the bus so that the
rest of the passengers would not be held up for work. Lim opened the rear
door, and some passengers alighted. The appellant asked the complainant to
alight with him to settle the matter between themselves. She refused as she
was afraid to deal with him alone. When the appellant alighted subsequently,
the complainant followed him, fearing that he might run away.  
  
At the bus-stop, the appellant told the complainant that he did not touch her
breast and that she must have made a mistake. While waiting for the police to
arrive, the appellant asked her whether she had informed the police of the
right location. To that, she answered yes.  
  
A police officer arrived soon after. The complainant immediately informed the
police officer of the molest incident, recounting the three incidents of `soft
touch`, and that the appellant, when confronted, told her that he `got
excited`. The police officer noticed that the complainant looked very
distressed, angry and almost in tears. In contrast, the appellant was very
calm.  
  
The police officer questioned the appellant who denied the offence and that he
had said that he `got excited`. Instead, he claimed that he was holding on to
the rail of her seat. When he was brought to the police station, he asked the
police officer what redress he had against the complainant for making the
allegations. Again, he was very calm throughout.  
  
Another investigating officer recorded a cautioned statement from the
appellant. It contained a bare denial. Nothing material turned on that. The
appellant testified. There were no other witnesses.  
  
**_The appellant`s submissions at trial_**

****

At the trial, counsel for the appellant suggested that a hand could not
possibly have touched the complainant`s underarm and the side of her right
breast without touching the nearby body parts. To this, the complainant
replied that, although her arm was resting on her bag, it was not necessarily
resting against the side of her body. She said the hand touching her was very
straight. In re-examination, she clarified that she had been sitting with her
arm slightly apart. During one of the incidents of touching, she had rested
her forearm against the ledge of the window.  
  
Counsel for the appellant also pointed out the appellant`s conduct after the
incident. He did not attempt to escape. Instead, he offered his handphone to
the complainant. He asked her to get off the bus to settle the matter between
themselves. Whilst at the bus stop, he even asked the complainant whether she
had informed the police of the right location. His s 122(6) CPC statement was
not inconsistent with his testimony. Counsel thus submitted that such
behaviour was not consistent with a person who had something to hide. In
short, counsel relied on the consistency with which the appellant had
maintained his defence.  
  
For this, the trial judge reasoned that what the appellant had done was **_not
inconsistent either_** with one who knew that he was in trouble. To run away
in haste after being caught red-handed, would have aroused suspicion, making
any subsequent defence much more unacceptable. There could have been reasons
why the appellant did what he did, perhaps trying to pacify the complainant,
hoping that she would relent and let the matter rest.  
  
After all, the appellant was not uneducated or without his wits about him. He
was calm throughout. I would have thought that an innocent person would have
reacted rather differently on being accused of such an offence. He most
probably would have reacted with great indignation and intense exasperation.  
  
Of course, these were but postulations and explications. Nevertheless, they
were based on common sense and understanding of normal human behaviour. More
significantly, they showed that the explanation by counsel for the appellant
regarding his behaviour after the incident was not the only plausible one. If
at all, such behaviour must be treated as double-edged. As I said in **Teo
Keng Pong v PP** [1996] 3 SLR 329  at 339, a consistent defence does not
always raise a reasonable doubt. I was not convinced that the appellant`s
consistent defence in the circumstances and by itself was capable of casting a
reasonable doubt.  
  
**_Principle of treating female witnesses in sexual offence cases_**

****

Counsel for the appellant submitted that the trial judge failed to consider
the complainant`s evidence with extreme caution, which the law required in
sexual offence cases. Counsel brought up the issue of attributing to the
female witnesses in such cases a special legal status.  
  
The principle is that the courts do, and must treat every witness, whether
female or male, alike. This is entailed by the basic fundamental principle of
equality. Every witness`s evidence is to be treated with caution and to be
analysed with the necessary meticulous attention and care, as the facts of the
case require.  
  
Unless this is proven to be the case in the first place, it is objectionable
to argue that extreme caution is required because female witnesses are prone
to fantasizing, exaggeration and lies due to some sexual neurosis. From my
numerous judgments in the last ten years, I hope I have made clear that the
court will no longer entertain such an argument, whatever the attitude was
twenty years ago. Such generalised categorisation of female witnesses in
sexual offence cases, based on the perceived dangers of false accusation
caused by sexual neurosis, jealousy, fantasy, spite or shame, is not
acceptable to a Singapore court today. Such dangers can easily be present in
other cases too. To bring this up again in cases involving sexual offence,
without pointing to specific facts justifying such extreme caution in a
particular case, is both disingenuous and rather offensive in my view, and
incongruous with the societal norm today. There would need to be an evidential
basis for suggesting that the evidence of the witness might be unreliable.
Mere suggestions by counsel would not be sufficient.  
  
However, I am aware that in cases involving sexual offences, making an
allegation is easy and rebutting it rather difficult. That is why I said in
**Tang Kin Seng v PP** [1997] 1 SLR 46  at 56 that evidence of such an
allegation must be sifted with care. But this should be done in all cases,
where the court is faced with two contested versions of events and has to
choose one, for a decision one way or the other. I have elaborated further on
this in [para ] 31 to 38.  
  
Examples of similar cases where the court has merely the allegation of the
complainant and the bare denial of the accused include physical assault and
bag-snatching cases. These are not sexual offence cases. It does not make a
difference whether the complainant is a female or male. In such situations,
the court must be extremely cautious in convicting the accused based solely on
the allegation of the complainant. But this does not mean that the complainant
has to be treated any differently compared to other witnesses, or be given a
special legal status. The extreme caution required is not based on the sex of
the complainant. Whenever the court has to either acquit or convict the
accused based on a single allegation by a complainant, the heightened risk of
miscarriage of justice would necessarily prompt the court to be extremely
cautious. It is a requirement necessitated by the amount of evidence available
to the court to make a decision one way or the other, that impacts on the
accused`s liberty.  
  
Thus, the evidence of the complainant in a case involving a sexual offence
need not be treated with any special legal status. Neither should it inhibit
the trial judge from weighing such evidence in the usual way, bearing in mind
such aspects of the human nature and behaviour as the trial judge considers to
be material for that purpose.  
  
**_Corroboration_**

****

Counsel for the appellant submitted that corroborative evidence was required
before the conviction could be justified. Counsel also submitted that the
trial judge had erred in concluding that the complainant`s evidence was so
reliable or unusually convincing that a conviction based solely on her
evidence was not unsafe. These submissions were interrelated. For clarity, I
will address them.  
  
Firstly, I am aware that, although the ease of making an allegation and the
difficulty of refutation are not just confined to sexual cases, they are
generally of more concern in sexual cases. It is in the nature of sexual
offences, that often all the court has before it are words of the complainant
against the denials of the accused. Therefore, the appeal is not atypical.  
  
Secondly, I made clear in **_Tang Kin Seng_** that in Singapore there is no
legal requirement for a judge to warn himself expressly of the danger of
convicting on the uncorroborated evidence of a complainant in a case involving
a sexual offence. But I also took great care to make clear that it is
dangerous to convict on the words of the complainant alone unless her evidence
is unusually compelling or convincing ( **Tang Kin Seng v PP** [1997] 1 SLR 46
at 58, **Teo Keng Pong v PP** [1996] 3 SLR 329  at 340 and **Soh Yang Tick v
PP** [1998] 2 SLR 42  at 50). In short, the court is to be extremely cautious
in relying on the sole evidence of the complainant for a conviction. The
phrase `unusually compelling or convincing` simply means that the
complainant`s evidence was so convincing that the prosecution`s case was
proven beyond reasonable doubt, solely on the basis of that evidence.  
  
Thirdly, what is important is for the trial judge to analyse the evidence for
the prosecution and for the defence with a view to deciding whether a
conviction based solely on the complainant`s evidence is not unsafe. If it is
not unsafe to so convict, the trial judge need not go further, except to
explain clearly the reasoning behind the findings of fact.  
  
Fourthly, if it is unsafe to convict, the trial judge should identify which
aspect of the evidence is not so convincing. The trial judge should then look
for supporting evidence and ask whether in taking the weak evidence, together
with the supporting evidence, the trial judge is convinced that the
prosecution case is proven beyond reasonable doubt.  
  
Finally, in analysing the evidence, the trial judge must weigh it carefully,
always bearing in mind the relevant aspects of human nature and behaviour. But
it would be wrong to be bogged down by technicalities, especially when they
have no logical bearing to the case in hand. Our approach is clear. We have
left behind a technical and inflexible approach to corroboration and its
definition ( **Tang Kin Seng v PP** [1997] 1 SLR 46  at 60-63 and **Soh Yang
Tick v PP** [1998] 2 SLR 42  at 52).  
  
Instead, our approach is liberal, ensuring that the trial judge has the
necessary flexibility in treating relevant evidence as corroborative. This is
in line with the approach of other jurisdictions. What is important is the
substance and the relevance of the evidence, and whether it is supportive or
confirmative of the other weak evidence. Essential qualities of corroborative
evidence are its independence, admissibility and whether it implicates the
accused in a material particular.  
  
Even if the evidence is capable of corroboration, whether it does supply
corroboration still depends on all the circumstances of the case. The trial
judge must pay particular consideration to the extent to which the evidence
that is capable of corroboration does provide the corroborative evidence to
satisfactorily dispel any doubt on the guilt of the accused. This flexible
approach to corroboration ensures that proper weight is given to the right
evidence and no undue weight is assigned to some evidence merely because it is
called `corroboration`.  
  
As I said in **Khoo Kwoon Hain v PP** [1995] 2 SLR 767  at 776, **Soh Yang
Tick v PP** [1998] 2 SLR 42  at 53 and **Tan Pin Seng v PP** [1998] 1 SLR 418
, although s 159 EA ensures that the complainant`s former statement was
capable of being corroborated, it was not independent evidence and thus had
little additional evidential value. I also said in **Tang Kin Seng** [1997] 1
SLR 46  at 65 that the evidential value of a prompt complaint did not render
her complaint more credible. The fear that her reaction or distress might have
been simulated or feigned has to be borne in mind. Here, the trial judge was
aware that the complaint was not an independent piece of evidence and was
essentially self-serving.  
  
From the grounds of judgment, the trial judge was aware of all these issues.
Counsel for the appellant relied heavily on the perceived unreliability of the
complainant`s testimony. In short, counsel alluded to the risk of fabrication
or concoction. In the circumstances, the trial judge correctly regarded the
following as credible evidence:

a she did not know the appellant before this incident;

b the complaint was made immediately;

c the distress accompanying the complaint;

d the distress confirmed by both the bus driver and the police officer;

e there was no reason to suspect any collusion between her and the persons she
complained to;

f she had no reason to frame him.  
  
The trial judge also rightly took into account the fact that there was no
hesitation in her reaction to what she perceived to be a molest incident. It
was done in public and in full view of other passengers in a public bus.
Furthermore, the trial judge also bore in mind that there was a great
difference between touch on the side of the right breast and having one`s hair
clipped or the feeling of discomfort as a result of someone`s knees propped
behind one`s chair.  
  
Counsel for the appellant did not raise the possibility of misconception.
Neither was it dealt with by the trial judge. However, I thought it prudent to
go on and consider the possibility that the complainant might have mistaken
that someone had touched her breast when in reality it did not happen. If the
appellant`s distress was the result of a wrong perception, when there was
none, then her distress could not be a corroborative evidence. However, this
possibility ought to be discarded as the complainant only became suspicious
and alert after two touches and the charge was against the third touch.  
  
Furthermore, when the complainant turned back to look at the appellant
immediately after the third touch, she noticed that the appellant was then
leaning forward and, when he pulled his hand back, he moved backwards leaning
towards his seat. The appellant would not have been in such a position if,
according to his evidence, he had been seating in a slouched position
throughout the bus journey, with his knees propped up against the back of the
complainant`s seat.  
  
**_Standard of proof beyond reasonable doubt_**

****

The thrust of the submission of counsel for the appellant was that reasonable
doubt had been cast. The points in the preceding paragraphs were linked to
this ultimate issue. The question was whether the doubts as raised were real
or reasonable, or whether they were merely illusory or fanciful. It is only
when the doubts were real or reasonable that the prosecution had not
discharged its burden, and the appellant was entitled to an acquittal ( **Tang
Kin Seng** [1997] 1 SLR 46  at 68, **Teo Keng Pong** [1996] 3 SLR 329  at
339).  
  
Taking into account all these circumstances, I did not see how the appellant`s
evidence was capable of casting reasonable doubt on the prosecution`s case.
The trial judge was right to treat the complainant`s evidence as unusually
convincing, that she was telling the truth and had no reason to lie. The trial
judge`s findings of fact that the case had been proven beyond reasonable doubt
were amply justified. I did not find this a proper case to disturb the
conviction.  
  
**_How the trial judge arrived at the findings of fact_**

****

This was a trial of facts, almost exclusively by oral evidence. These same
issues invariably arise in all Magistrate`s Appeals in cases involving sexual
offences, particularly molest cases. As I see it, the crux of the problem is
simply that the appellants did not agree with the trial judges` findings of
fact. Their dissatisfaction arose mainly because they could not see how the
trial judge could have reasonably arrived at such findings of fact.  
  
I mentioned in **Tang Kin Seng v PP** [1997] 1 SLR 46  at 68 that:

> _[i]n Singapore, it is the trial judge`s mind that is relevant. However, as
> trial judges, unlike juries, have to give reasons for their decision, there
> is the safeguard that an appellate court may intervene if he attaches undue
> weight to some piece of evidence._

  
  
In **Lim Ah Poh v PP** [1992] 1 SLR 713  at 719, FA Chua J said:

> _in examining the evidence, an appellate court has always to bear in mind
> that it has neither seen nor heard the witnesses and has to pay due regard
> to the trial judges` findings and their reasons therefor._

  
  
I take the opportunity to make this clearer.  
  
In a case like this, the trial judge must always bear in mind that the
objective of the trial is to arrive at reasonable and safe findings of fact.
In the absence of circumstances which generate suspicion, every witness is to
be presumed to be credible, until the contrary is shown. Defence counsel and
the prosecution have the burden of raising the question of the credibility of
each other`s witnesses. It is not a rule that a witness is to be presumed
false until he is proven to be true.  
  
The trial judge must also bear in mind that, among other factors, the amount
of credibility to be given to the witness depends mainly on his ability to
discern and comprehend what was before him, what has taken place, his
opportunities of observation, the degree of accuracy with which he was
accustomed to marking the passing events, and his integrity or honesty in
relating them.  
  
In such a case, the trial judge must also bear in mind that the weight to be
attached to the witness`s evidence, among other factors, depends on his
honesty, his ability, the number and consistency of the evidence, and
conformity of the evidence with experience, and the coincidence of the
evidence with other collateral circumstances.  
  
For honesty and integrity, the trial judge must be open to any prevailing
motive or inducement of the witness not to speak the truth. For the ability to
speak the truth, the trial judge should take into account, among other
factors, the opportunities that the witness has for observing the facts, the
accuracy of the witness`s powers of discerning and the faithfulness of his
memory in retaining the facts. For consistency, the trial judge must be aware
that many seeming consistencies, will prove, upon closer scrutiny, to be in
substantial contradiction, and vice versa. As to the conformity of the
testimony with experience, the trial judge must be receptive to whether the
facts related were such as ordinarily would occur in human experience. As to
the coincidence of the evidence with collateral and contemporaneous facts and
circumstances, the trial judge must carry out close inspection of the
evidence, comparing its details with each other and with contemporary accounts
and collateral facts, if any.  
  
These are not and cannot be exhaustive. The trial judge has an onerous duty in
assessing the veracity of the witnesses, the credibility of the evidence and
the weight to be attached to the evidence. Ultimately the trial is a factual
process, and not that of some mathematical truth-searching. Be that as it may,
the trial judge`s reasoning must be as systematic, detailed and reasonable as
possible.  
  
The whole purpose of the guideline in **_Tang Kin Seng_** is simple. If the
trial judge goes through this approach systematically, he will be much less
likely to get tripped over certain dangerous or prejudicial reasoning
pitfalls. The analysis of the evidence, with the amount of weight to be
attached to it, will become more systematic, and less prone to impression and
subjectivity.  
  
Such a procedural guideline ensures that justice is both done and seen to be
done. It shows how the trial judge has reasonably arrived at his conclusions,
especially in cases where the complainant`s words are pitted against the
accused`s denials.  
  
The appellate court would not have the advantage of observing the demeanour
and behaviour of the witnesses, unlike the trial judge. Thus, as a rule, the
appellate court would not disturb findings of fact unless they are reached
against the weight of the evidence, are plainly wrong or there remains a
lurking doubt (s 261 CPC, **Lim Ah Poh v PP** [1992] 1 SLR 713  at 719, **Teo
Keng Pong v PP** [1996] 3 SLR 329  at 342, **Ng Soo Hin v PP** [1994] 1 SLR
105 , **Sundara Moorthy Lankatharan v PP** [1997] 3 SLR 464 , **Tan Chow Soo v
Ratma Ammal** [1969] 2 MLJ 49 ).  
  
However, the appellate court will not be able to do so unless the trial judge
shows very clearly **_how and why_** he reasons on the evidence presented.
Unless the trial judge`s reasoning is shown with sufficient clarity and
comprehensiveness, the appellate court will not be able to detect any possible
unsafe or prejudicial reasoning that may have taken place.  
  
Similarly, if the reasoning for arriving at the findings of fact is unclear,
it is almost certain that the accused will be tempted to appeal. On the other
hand, if the reasoning is clear and reasonable in the circumstances, there
would be less tendency to do so, as the accused would know very well that the
appellate court would be less inclined to overturn such a conviction.  
  
Therefore, where there are keenly contested versions of events, the trial
judge has the basic duty to lay down in a detailed and clear way how, why, the
factors, evidence and considerations that he has taken or refused to take into
account, the weight he has attached to them, in arriving at his findings of
fact. On this, I would also refer to my judgment in **Syed Yasser Arafat bin
Shaik Mohamed v PP** [2000] 4 SLR 27 . If the reasoning has been unreasonable
or shows signs of bias or prejudice, then the appellate court will not
hesitate to intervene.  
  
From the grounds of judgment, the trial judge here did so with sufficient
comprehensiveness and clarity. I found no compelling reason to fault her
reasoning for arriving at her findings of fact.  
  
**_Sentence_**

****

Counsel for the appellant submitted that the sentence of ten weeks`
imprisonment was manifestly excessive. The sentence prescribed in s 354 PC is
up to two years` imprisonment, or fine, or caning, or any two of such
punishments. As I said in **Chandresh Patel v PP** (Unreported) and **Tok Kok
How v PP** [1995] 1 SLR 735 , the benchmark for such an offence where a
victim`s private parts had been intruded is nine months` imprisonment with
caning. However, I also said in **Teo Keng Pong v PP** [1996] 3 SLR 329  that
for an offender without antecedents who committed relatively minor acts of
molest under s 354 PC, a fine may be more appropriate.  
  
In **_Chandresh Patel_** , the offender, then a passenger aboard an SIA
flight, touched the vaginal area of a female passanger on the flight. The
sentence was six months` imprisonment with three strokes of the cane. In
**_Tok Kok How,_** the offender, who had offered to share his umbrella with
the victim, asked the victim if she was afraid of being raped and used the
knuckles of his left hand to press onto her right breast while holding the
umbrella over her. The sentence was nine months` imprisonment with three
strokes of the cane. In **Teo Kok Ham v PP** (Unreported) , the offender, a
taxi driver, fondled a sleeping female passenger and tried to pull down her
bra. The sentence was six months` imprisonment without caning, as he was
beyond 50 years of age.  
  
In **Teo Keng Pong v PP** [1996] 3 SLR 329 , the offender, a tuition teacher,
molested his student by caressing her thigh, squeezing her on the back,
touching her left breast and kissing her on the cheeks and lips. For the five
offences of caressing her thigh and squeezing her back, the sentence was a
$2,500 fine, in default, five weeks of imprisonment. For the other two
offences of touching her breast, the sentences were three and four months
respectively, a total of seven months` imprisonment.  
  
In **_Nordin bin Ismail v PP_** [1996] 1 **_CLAS News_** 250, the offender, a
police constable, molested a woman police constable at a police station, by
placing his hand on her shoulder and her waist respectively. I reduced the
sentence to $500 fine, in default one week`s imprisonment for each of the two
offences.  
  
Here, it was amply justified for the trial judge to impose a sentence of
imprisonment. The appellant had touched the underarm that included a small
part at the side of the complainant`s right breast. It was a soft touch. It
lasted only a few seconds. Although the act of molest was minor and neither
force nor coercion was used, the touch was on a private body part of the
complainant. In such cases, there must be a sentence of imprisonment. The
court must convey the disapprobation with which the court views such offences.
The message must be unequivocal. The court will step in to maintain law and
order, when individuals feel inclined to give in to certain impulses. And the
court will maintain this with robust sanction. A fine will send a wrong signal
to the public, at least in terms of deterrence.  
  
The trial judge departed sharply from the benchmark. It was on the lower range
on the scale of punishment for an offence of this nature. The trial judge
stated that the two cases of **_Chandresh Patel_** and **_Tok Kok How_**
differed significantly from the appeal. I agreed. Bearing in mind the
appellant`s behaviour after the incident and that he had no antecedents, an
imprisonment of ten weeks was sufficient punishment. I found no compelling
reason to increase the punishment.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

I found no valid argument on the law. I agreed with the trial judge that the
complainant`s evidence was unusually convincing, that she was telling the
truth and had no reason to lie. Clear reasoning was shown in the grounds of
decision. The findings of fact were amply justified. I dismissed the appeal
and affirmed the sentence.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Aug 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

