Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Flagship Agencies Pte Ltd (formerly known as Adena Trading & Engineering
Pte Ltd) v BBQ Express Pte Ltd (formerly known as Meadowbake Delicatessen Pte
Ltd)  
[2001] SGHC 218

Case Number | : | DCA 600005/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 August 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Zaheer K Merchant and Sadique Marican [Madhavan Parnership] for Flagship Agencies Pte Ltd; Ling Tien Wah [Helen Yeo & Partners] for BBQ Express Pte Ltd   
Parties | : |  Flagship Agencies Pte Ltd (formerly known as Adena Trading & Engineering Pte Ltd) — BBQ Express Pte Ltd (formerly known as Meadowbake Delicatessen Pte Ltd)   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Decision**

1\. These two appeals arose from the trial in District Court Suit No. 50401 of
1999 in which the plaintiff sued the defendant for the refund of various sums
of money paid pursuant to a franchise agreement. The plaintiff averred that
they had an option to withdraw (without penalty) from the agreement within
three months. This was disputed by the defendant. The trial judge find in
favour of the defendant. The plaintiff appealed, contending that the franchise
agreement (both sides agreed that it was an oral contract) clearly provided an
opt-out clause. In the course of counsel’s submission, it became obvious that
this appeal concerned a plain question of fact and one which hinged on the
acceptance of the witnesses’ testimonies. Counsel also sought to pull his case
through by his argument that I should infer from the testimonies, and the
unsigned franchise agreement, that the plaintiff’s version must be true. I am
unable to agree without the benefit of hearing the witnesses myself. I,
therefore, am not satisfied that there was a clear error in the finding by the
trial judge. The plaintiff’s appeal is therefore dismissed.

2\. I now turn to the defendant’s appeal. The appeal was on the grounds that
the trial judge erred in not granting various items of loss, and also that she
erred in not giving effect to an express term of the contract (cl 24(1)) that
the defendant purchase equipment from the plaintiff at their book value or
fair market price whichever is lower.

3\. Mr. Merchant on behalf of the plaintiff argued that the defendant did not
particularize their damage in the counterclaim and cannot therefore be granted
any orders in respect of the items claimed by them. Mr. Ling in reply argued
that general damages require no particulars.

4\. However, it seems to me that the items claimed by the defendant, namely,
balance of renovation costs, reinstatement costs of the premises, monthly
losses from the operation of the franchised outlet, and loss of royalties are
special damages and ought to be pleaded. In _Perestrello v United Paint Co
Ltd_ [1969] 3 AER 479, 485 Lord Donovan held that damages which are capable of
substantially exact calculation are what is commonly referred to as special
damages. He stated that these are "no more than an example of damage which is
‘special’ in the sense that fairness to the defendant requires that it be
pleaded". It is not unusual that the quantum of damages is to be ascertained
at a later date after the court has ruled on the question of liability. But
parties must appear at trial ready to argue both. It will not be fair to the
defendant, therefore, if no particulars are pleaded for him to meet. In the
present case, however, notwithstanding the lack of particulars, the plaintiff
contested each of the defendant’s counterclaim on merit at trial and,
therefore, I am of the view that no interference by me is warranted on appeal.
The findings of the trial judge were again, findings of fact and I have no
cause to upset any of those findings.

5\. As to whether the judge was wrong to order "a straight line depreciation
method over five years" to be used in calculating the cost of the one item she
granted. The trial judge was not wrong to order a valuation under cl 24(1) of
the unsigned franchise agreement having found as a fact that that was
incorporated as a term of the contract. However, I am of the view that the
order should be varied for clarity’s sake by deleting the above sentence from
the orders. Apart from this, the defendant’s appeal is dismissed.

6\. Each party is to bear his own costs.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Aug 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

