Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ho Kon Kim v Besty Lim Gek Kim and Others  
[2001] SGCA 64

Case Number | : | CA 164/2000, Suit 165/2000Q, CA 167/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 September 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; L P Thean JA; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Michael Khoo SC and Josephine Low (Michael Khoo & Partners) for Ho Kon Kim; M Amaladass, Sivakolunthu and Gn Chiang Soon (M Dass & Co) for Besty Lim Gek Kim; Leslie Chew SC, Lioney Tay and Esther Ling (Khattar Wong & Partners) for RHB Bank Berhad; C R Rajah SC and Chew Kei-Jin (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for James Leslie Ponniah; Tan Kok Quan SC and Chia Boon Teck (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for William Lai & Alan Wong   
Parties | : |  Ho Kon Kim â€” Besty Lim Gek Kim; William Lai & Alan Wong; RHB Bank Berhad   
  
**Judgment:**

_**Introduction**_

1\. There are two appeals before us. The first is Civil Appeal No. 164 of
2000, which is an appeal by Madam Ho Kon Kim (Madam Ho) against the decision
of the High Court dismissing her claim against the three defendants, Ms Betsy
Lim Gek Kim (Ms Lim), the law firm of William Lai & Alan Wong (WLAW) and RHB
Bank Berhad (RHB). In this appeal, Madam Ho appeals against the High Courts
decision insofar as it relates to the dismissal of her claim against Ms Lim
and RHB only. Although WLAW were named as the second respondents, Madam Ho in
fact did not appeal against the dismissal of her claim against them. The
second appeal is Civil Appeal No. 167 of 2000, which is an appeal by the two
advocates and solicitors, Mr James Leslie Ponniah (Mr Ponniah) and Mr Wong Ann
Pang (Mr Wong), against the decision of the High Court in which they were
ordered to bear the costs payable by Madam Ho to WLAW and RHB on the ground
that in acting for Madam Ho, they had acted improperly and unreasonably in
joining these parties in the action instituted by Madam Ho. Mr Wong acted for
Madam Ho in the transaction that gave rise to the present litigation and Mr
Ponniah was her counsel in the proceedings below.

_**

Facts

**_

2\. The relevant facts giving rise to these two appeals are as follows. Madam
Ho is a widow and was the registered proprietor of a property with a house
thereon known as 124 Branksome Road (the property). The property comprises a
relatively large piece of land measuring some 15,173 square feet in area. She
had lived there for some fifty years since her late husband, Dr Foo Chee Guan,
purchased it in 1947.

3\. Prior to 1996, Madam Ho had mortgaged the property to Keppel Finance
Limited (Keppel) as security for the credit facilities extended to one of her
sons, Robert. Sometime in 1996, Robert informed Madam Ho that he had defaulted
on interest payments to Keppel and the latter had issued a notice recalling
the loan granted to him and secured by the mortgage. Madam Ho then sought the
advice of her solicitor, Mr Wong, a conveyancing partner of the law firm of
Wong & Lim. She was advised of the consequences of default in payment to
Keppel and on his advice decided to sell the property in the open market in
the hope of obtaining a better price for it.

4\. In or around April or May 1996, Madam Ho was introduced by her daughter,
Jeanette, to Ms Lim and her husband, Mr Joseph Wee Woon Chuan (Mr Wee). Ms Lim
was both a shareholder and director of a property development company known as
Derby Development Pte Ltd (Derby), while Mr Wee who was also a director was
its project manager. At that time, Ms Lim and Mr Wee representing Derby were
interested in purchasing the property and proposed a joint development with
Madam Ho for the construction of three detached houses on the land, one of
which was to be retained by Madam Ho while the other two were to be sold to
Derby. During the negotiations, Madam Ho asked for a sum of $6m together with
one of the houses to be built on the property as the price for the property.
Derby, on the other hand, counter-offered the sum of $4.2m together with one
completed house for the property, and required Madam Ho to mortgage the
property to a bank or financial institution to raise the necessary finance for
the proposed development. On Mr Wongs advice, Madam Ho decided not to
participate in the joint development.

5\. Subsequently, on 15 July 1996, Derby offered to buy two-thirds of the
property for the sum of $4.2m together with a fully-constructed house costing
at least $700,000 to be built by Derby on the remaining one-third of the land
of Madam Ho. Madam Ho agreed to this offer. On 17 July 1996, she accepted a
sum of $88,000 from Derby as Ernest Money for the Re-development of 124
Branksome Road. Following the payment of this amount, on 25 July 1996, Madam
Ho gave written permission to Derby to apply to the relevant authority for
planning permission for the redevelopment of the property, and Mr Wong, as her
solicitor, was instructed to proceed with the preparation of the agreement for
the sale of two-thirds of the property as contemplated by the parties.

6\. What Mr Wong came up with was an option to be given by Madam Ho to Derby,
which upon exercise thereof would become a contract. On 16 August 1996, he
sent a copy of the draft option to WLAW, the solicitors for Derby, for their
consideration.

7\. There arose subsequently a change of parties to the proposed purchase. Ms
Lim informed Madam Ho that Derby had failed to secure a construction loan for
the development of the property but that Ms Lim herself was able to obtain an
overdraft facility in the amount of $6.1m from the bank, Oversea-Chinese
Banking Corporation Ltd (OCBC). Under the terms offered by OCBC, $3.7m of the
facility was to be used to pay for part of the cost for the land, $2.2m was to
be used to pay for the costs of construction of the three houses, and the
balance of $200,000 was to be used to service the interest accruing on the
amounts borrowed. The overdraft facility was to be secured by a first legal
mortgage on the entire property. A copy of the offer document from OCBC was
furnished to Madam Ho, who on Mr Wongs advice, agreed to substitute Ms Lim as
the purchaser of the property in place of Derby.

8\. On 12 September 1996, Ms Jennifer Leong (Ms Leong), the solicitor in
charge of this matter at WLAW, returned the draft option to Mr Wong with
various amendments. There ensued some lengthy correspondence in exchange
between the two firms of solicitors on the terms of the draft option. Whatever
difficulties there were confronting the parties in arriving at a mutually
satisfactory draft were probably compounded by the fact that, as the property
on completion of the purchase was to be mortgaged to OCBC, the interests of
the bank would have to be taken into account and incorporated therein. At that
time, Ms Leong was also acting for OCBC in the mortgage of the property. In
one of her letters to Mr Wong, she wrote that her clients financiers ( i.e.
OCBC) required the land area of Madam Hos plot to be capped at 5,030 sq. feet,
and the relevant clause in the option should be amended to reflect this
requirement. This was agreed to by Madam Ho.

9\. Eventually all the terms of the option were settled and agreed. The
salient terms were as follows:

> > 3 The Cash Sale Price of the property is SINGAPORE DOLLARS FOUR MILLION
> AND TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND ONLY (S$4,200,000), subject to special conditions
> enumerated below.
>>

>> ..

>>

>> 17\. The Purchaser is entitled to create a paramount mortgage over the
property.

The Law Societys Conditions of Sale 1994 were incorporated in the terms of the
sale, in so far as they were not inconsistent with those terms and were not
varied thereby. The general terms and conditions of sale are not contentious.
In addition, there are special conditions to the sale and the material terms
thereof are the following:****

SPECIAL CONDITIONS

> > 18(a). In addition to the payment of S$4.2 million by the Purchaser, the
> Purchaser shall deliver a completed detached bungalow unit to the Vendor
> free from encumbrances. The Vendor shall be at liberty to choose any one of
> the three units approved by the relevant authority ("the Vendors Unit")
> within 1 month from the date full details of the approved drawings by the
> Architect appointed by the Purchaser ("the said Architect") have been
> presented to the Vendor
>>

>> 18(b) Pursuant to clause 18(a) the Purchaser shall ensure that the approved
plan shall not comprise any individual unit with a land area exceeding 5,030
square feet or 5% more than each of the other units. Should any unit exceed
the land area stated above which compels the Vendor to choose a unit of less
than 5,030 square feet the Vendor shall be entitled to a monetary compensation
calculated at $503.00 per square foot for every square foot of the Vendors
Unit less than 5,050 square feet.

>>

>> 19\. The Purchaser shall obtain consent from the paramount mortgagee to
allow the Vendor to lodge a caveat over the Vendors Unit as soon as the
private lot is allotted.

>>

>> ..

>>

>> 22 In addition to the cash payment of S$4.2 million and the delivery of one
completed unit to the Vendor the Purchaser shall account to the Vendor as one-
half of the consideration in excess of S$3.8 million for each of the remaining
2 units after deduction of the costs incurred in the sale thereof. ..

>>

>> ..

>>

>> 25\. Notwithstanding completion of sale and purchase herein the terms and
conditions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect between the
Vendor and the Purchaser in so far as the same are not fulfilled and shall not
merge in the assurance of the said property on completion of the sale and
purchaser herein or upon registration of such assurance. ..

10\. The option was signed by Madam Ho on 26 September 1996 and was issued
soon thereafter to Ms Lim. On 14 October 1996, Ms Lim paid Madam Ho the sum of
$332,000 and exercised the option and thereupon a binding sale and purchase
agreement was made between the parties. For convenience, we shall hereafter
refer to this document as the sale agreement. Before that date, in early
October 1996, the layout plan for the development of the proposed three units
of detached houses had been drawn up and settled by Ms Lims architects,
Atelier Group Architect, and Madam Ho had selected the plot she wanted, namely
the plot marked as Plot 3 on the plan. This was evident from the letter dated
2 October 1996 written by Derby to WLAW as the solicitors for OCBC, indicating
the particular plot selected by Madam Ho. The letter said:

> > _
>>

>> RE: 124 BRANKSOME ROAD

>>

>> _

>>

>> We refer to the above subject matter and as requested by Mrs Ong Lee Foong
from OCBC on the Plot as selected by Madam Ho Kon Kim, we enclose herewith a
Plan from M/s Atelier group Architect as _**"Marked Plot 3"**_ as selected for
your kind attention and transmission.

>>

>> Kindly also be informed that Notice of Provisional Permission has been
granted 20.9.96 and it was our understanding and agreed between our
undersigned and Madam Ho that the proposed development for the three units
must be of the same plot size and that Madam Ho has the first Option to select
her one unit for her own occupation and confirm that there are no changes in
the Plot sizes so as to comply to Chief Planner (URA) requirements.

Enclosed in the letter was a plan which delineated the three lots of land on
which the three houses were to be built. Hence, as at the date when the sale
and purchase agreement was made between Madam Ho and Ms Lim, the parties had
already reached agreement on the particular plot of land which Madam Ho had
selected and which was to be re-transferred to her on completion of the house
pursuant to the sale agreement. In other words, plot 3 had been earmarked as
the plot belonging to Madam Ho and to be transferred to her eventually.

11\. The sale of the property to Ms Lim was completed on 15 November 1996. On
completion, the loan owing to Keppel was repaid and the mortgage in their
favour discharged. Simultaneously, the property was transferred to Ms Lim and
was mortgaged to OCBC as security for the overdraft facility (described in 7
above). In connection with the overdraft facility, OCBC and Ms Lim entered
into a Facility Agreement dated 15 November 1996. The relevant clauses of the
agreement provided as follows:

> > 15(2) The Bank agrees to discharge the Vendors Unit upon the private lot
> number being allocated to the Vendors Unit subject to the land area of the
> Vendors Unit not being more than 5,030 square feet provided further that the
> Vendors Unit shall not have a land area exceeding more than 5% of each of
> the other 2 Units.
>>

>> (3) The Bank hereby agrees that upon payment of the Facility of an
aggregate amount of $3,500,000.00 or 85% of the sale price whichever is higher
paid into the Account by the individual purchaser or purchaser in respect of
each of the remaining 2 Units sold and comprised in the Building Project other
than the Vendors Unit, the Bank will at any time thereafter at the cost of the
Borrower, execute a Deed of Release or Partial Discharge of Mortgage relating
to that Unit.

Under cl 1 of the agreement the term Vendor referred to Madam Ho, and the term
Vendors Unit referred to the unit selected by Madam Ho for her retention in
accordance with the Sale and Purchase Agreement/Option between her and Ms Lim.
As we have related, at that time, Madam Hos unit had already been identified
and selected by her, namely plot 3, and this was known to all of them, Ms Lim,
Ms Leong and OCBC. This was evident from Derbys letter dated 2 October 1996
written to Ms Leong (referred to in 10 above). The information stated in the
letter was required by OCBC, and Ms Leong must have informed OCBC accordingly.

12\. On 19 June 1997, planning permission for the proposed erection of 3 units
of 2-storey detached dwelling houses each with a basement was granted by the
competent authority. More particularly, the grant of written permission stated
the approved development in the following terms:

> > Development of Lot 117-31 Mk 25 at Branksome Road as shown verged red on
> the proposal/sketch plan (3) in DC414/73-2 for a residential development
> (comprising 3 units) as follows:
>>

>> Plot (1) to (3) edged red each for the erection of a 2-storey detached
dwelling house with a basement

13\. On 17 July 1997, Madam Ho vacated the property and by a letter dated 18
July 1997, Mr Wong informed WLAW of that fact, and at the same time requested
for OCBCs permission to lodge a caveat on plot 3 which Madam Ho had selected.
There was however no reply. Another letter dated 23 July 1997 from Mr Wong
followed requesting for the same thing. There was still no reply forthcoming.
Mr Wong repeated his request the third time in August 1997, and the only
response from Ms Leong then was that she was still awaiting her clients
instructions. Not a word was mentioned by Ms Leong to Mr Wong, nor by Ms Lim
to Madam Ho direct, of the material changes that Ms Lim had in the meanwhile
made to the financing arrangement affecting the property.

14\. Regrettably, only on 11 June 1998, did Mr Wong lodge a caveat on the
property to protect Madam Hos interest. It was then discovered, from a title
search carried out at the Registry of Titles, that Ms Lim had on 9 May 1997
discharged the OCBC mortgage over the property, and had re-mortgaged it to
RHB, as security for credit facilities extended to a three-dollar company
named Earling Builders Pte Ltd (Ealing) of which Ms Lim and her husband Mr Wee
were directors and shareholders. We shall refer to these facilities and the
relevant terms thereof in detail in a moment.

15\. When confronted by Madam Ho about the re-mortgage to RHB, Ms Lim
confirmed the transactions and explained that she needed more funds to
complete the project and that the re-mortgage was a commercial decision taken
by her to obtain borrowings at a better rate. She assured Madam Ho that she
would however complete the project and would deliver one house to Madam Ho as
agreed. As it turned out, that optimism was unwarranted. Not long thereafter,
Ms Lim became insolvent and was made a bankrupt. Predictably, her three-dollar
company, Earling, also became insolvent and a winding-up order was made
against it. Construction works on the property had, in fact, ceased by
September 1998, and the proposed three houses remained uncompleted.

16\. Madam Ho, naturally upset and disgruntled at the turn of events, decided,
no doubt, on the advice of Mr Wong and Mr Ponniah, the latter being the
litigation partner in the same law firm, to commence legal proceedings,
claiming against Ms Lim, for breach of trust, against RHB for knowing receipt
of trust property and against their solicitors WLAW for knowingly assisting Ms
Lim and RHB in the breach of trust.

_**

The decision below

**_

17\. The trial judge dismissed Madam Hos claims against all the defendants.
She held that the action for breach of trust against Ms Lim could not be
sustained as there was no fiduciary relationship between her and Madam Ho and
that Ms Lim had done her best to comply with her obligations to Madam Ho under
the sale agreement. Her eventual failure to convey a house back to Madam Ho
was the result only of the 1997 regional economic crisis.

18\. The judge referred extensively to the text of the sale agreement in
reaching this conclusion, and in particular to its heading which read 124
Branksome Road and to the words contained in the body of the sale agreement to
the effect that Madam Ho offered to sell the above-mentioned property. Regard
was further had to the transfer and the fact that Consideration therein was
described as being Singapore dollars four million and two hundred thousand
($4,200,000) cash consideration and one (1) detached house to be constructed
by the Transferee for the Transferor. She held that all these, taken
collectively, showed that regardless of whatever Madam Ho may have intended,
the sale agreement had the effect of disposing of the entire property to Ms
Lim. No trust could be found in favour of Madam Ho as she had received good
and valuable consideration for the entire piece of land.

19\. As for RHB and WLAW, the judge held that no constructive trust could
arise against them. With respect to the latter, she held that they did not owe
any duty of care to act in the interests of Madam Ho, who was not their
client. She went on to suggest that a fortiori, the action against RHB was
unsustainable, given the lack of privity between them and Madam Ho. In view of
ss 47 and 49 of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157), the learned judge held that
even actual knowledge on RHBs part of Ms Lims contractual obligation to build
and convey a bungalow to Madam Ho did not amount to fraud, rendering RHBs
title under the mortgage indefeasible.

20\. In the light of the above, the judge dismissed Madam Hos claims against
all of the defendants. She found no evidence of a want of probity or any
unconscionable conduct on the part of the defendants which warranted the
imposition of a constructive trust.

21\. Pursuant to the courts powers under O 58 r 8 of the Rules of Court, the
judge further ordered Mr Ponniah and Mr Wong to pay the costs which Madam Ho
was ordered to pay to WLAW and RHB. In this regard, the judge held that Mr
Ponniahs and Mr Wongs conduct in instituting a suit against WLAW and RHB
amounted to an abuse of process of the court._****_

Civil Appeal No. 164 of 2001

22\. We turn first to the appeal by Madam Ho against the dismissal of her
claim against Ms Lim and RHB. The principal issues arising in this appeal are
as follows:

> (i) whether under the sale agreement Madam Ho has an equitable interest in
> the property, after she had sold and transferred it to Ms Lim;
>
> (ii) if the answer is in the affirmative, whether Ms Lim acted in breach of
> trust by discharging the OCBC mortgage over the property and re-mortgaging
> it to RHB;
>
> (iii) if the answers to the questions are in the affirmative, whether RHB
> hold the mortgage subject to the equitable interest of Madam Ho.

_**

Matrix of circumstances

**_

23\. The first issue turns on whether under the sale agreement Madam Ho
retains or has any interest in the property after she had sold and transferred
it to Ms Lim. In considering this issue, it is necessary to have regard to the
matrix of circumstances in which the sale agreement was made. The first thing
we note is that what the parties contemplated at the material time was not an
out and out sale of the entire property by Madam Ho to a developer for
development, and a re-sale by the developer to Madam Ho of a subdivided lot of
the property together with the proposed development thereon. Initially, the
developer contemplated was Derby, but later Ms Lim was substituted as the
developer for the simple reason that she was able to obtain financing from
OCBC. Secondly, the property for development purposes has a limited area of
15,173 square feet, and its potential for development was limited. At most,
only three detached houses would be allowed to be built thereon, and that was
the development the parties had in mind when they were negotiating the
transaction. Thirdly, Madam Ho, who had been living there for nearly fifty
years, not unnaturally required for herself one of the houses proposed to be
built by the developer. This requirement appeared to be acceptable to the
developer, as initially the parties were talking of a joint development, which
Madam Ho later rejected. What the parties then contemplated was a sale of the
property by Madam Ho to the developer with a view to it being re-developed by
the construction of three detached houses thereon with one of them being
earmarked for and eventually to be re-transferred to her free of any payment.
If the development as contemplated had been successful, Madam Ho would at the
end of the day have re-transferred to her a subdivided lot with a detached
house built on it free of any payment, and the developer would retain or sell
to third parties the other two subdivided lots with similar houses built on
them respectively. Putting it in another way, if subdivision approval of the
property into three subdivided lots had been obtained and separate document of
title to each lot had been issued, the contemplated sale would be an out and
out sale of two of the subdivided lots at a price comprising: (i) a certain
sum in cash, and (ii) the construction of a house on the unsold subdivided lot
retained by Madam Ho. As this was not the case, the property could not be
dealt with in that way; hence the parties proceeded by way of an agreement
with a view to giving effect to what the parties then contemplated. On that
basis, rightly or wrongly, the agreement was drawn up and the terms were
agreed to. It was in the form of an option which was exercised by Ms Lim. We
do not find it necessary for our purpose to pass any judgment on the merits of
the sale agreement. We are only concerned with the construction of the sale
agreement as agreed to by the parties._****_

The subject of the sale

24\. We now turn to the terms of the sale agreement. The subject of the sale
was expressed to be the whole of the property and that was also expressed to
be so in the transfer, which was registered, and on the register of title Ms
Lim is the sole registered proprietor of the entire property. The
consideration for the sale as expressed in the agreement had two components:
(i) the sum of $4.2m, and (ii) the construction of a house estimated to cost
about $700,000 on the subdivided lot of the property which Madam Ho had
selected and agreed to by Ms Lim, namely the lot marked as plot 3, which was
to be re-transferred to Madam Ho free of any payment. Insofar as first
component is concerned, it had been paid, and nothing in the point arises. The
second component is provided for in special conditions 18(a) and (b), the full
terms of which have been set out in 9 above. Under special condition 18 (a),
Ms Lim agreed to deliver to Madam Ho a completed detached bungalow unit and to
allow Madam Ho to choose one of the three units. The second part of this
condition had been satisfied in that Madam Ho had chosen the unit, namely,
plot 3. Special condition 18 (b) was inserted as required by OCBC and was
intended to limit expressly the area of the subdivided lot to be re-
transferred to Madam Ho, such subdivided lot not to exceed 5,030 square feet,
which is approximately one-third of the area of the land. There was certainly
an obligation on the part of Ms Lim to build a house on the subdivided lot
marked as plot 3 lot estimated to cost about $700,000 and on completion to re-
transfer that lot to Madam Ho free from encumbrances and without any payment
from Madam Ho. The end result is that no amount will be paid by Madam Ho for
this subdivided lot. The question is whether any amount was paid by Ms Lim for
this particular lot in the purchase of the property under the sale agreement.
Plainly not, as a matter of simple deduction. Obviously the price of $4.2m as
stated in the sale agreement was calculated on the basis of the area of the
land alone, and obviously too that price did not, on our analysis, include a
sum payable for the particular lot earmarked for Madam Ho. In so far as any
payment is concerned, no amount was paid by Ms Lim for that lot upon the
purchase of the property by her under the sale agreement, and by the same
token no amount will be paid by Madam Ho on the re-transfer. As this lot was
to comprise only an area of 5,030 square feet, which is about one-third of the
area of the land, Ms Lim paid only a price representing approximately two-
thirds of the agreed value of the property.

25\. As between the parties to the sale agreement, a subdivided lot, namely
plot 3 had been earmarked for Madam Ho and was intended to be hers. There was
certainly an obligation on the part of Ms Lim to build a house thereon and on
completion to re-transfer that lot to Madam Ho. Special condition 19 of the
sale agreement gave Madam Ho the right to lodge a caveat as soon as the
private lot was allotted to her unit, subject to the consent of the paramount
mortgagee. The requirement of obtaining such consent did not detract from the
right of Madam Ho to lodge a caveat in respect of the lot selected by and
earmarked for her. It is also significant that in the facility agreement made
between OCBC and Ms Lim a clause was inserted there to provide for the
unconditional discharge of Madam Hos unit without any payment, once the
private lot had been allotted. Such a clause was intended to protect Madam Hos
interest in the property, notwithstanding the mortgage of the entire property.
From the transaction as structured in the sale agreement it was intended that
Madam Ho should retain and have a beneficial interest in the plot selected by
her, namely plot 3, and in our judgment, Madam Ho has a beneficial interest in
that plot and Ms Lim holds the beneficial interest of Madam Ho in trust for
Madam Ho. The judge below, with respect, erred in holding that Madam Ho had no
equitable interest in the property on the ground that she had transferred the
entire property to Ms Lim who became the registered proprietor thereof.

_**Indefeasibility of title of Ms Lim**_

26\. What Ms Lim did at the trial and before us in defence of the claim by
Madam Ho is to set up the absolute character of the transfer of the property
to her and her title to the property as the registered proprietor to defeat
the equitable interest of Madam Ho. This defence is presumably based on s
46(1) of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157, 1994 ed), which is to the effect that a
proprietor of registered land holds the land free from all encumbrances,
liens, estates and interest whatsoever except such as may be registered or
notified in the land-register. On the basis of this section, it is submitted
on behalf of Ms Lim that as Madam Ho had not lodged a caveat to protect her
equitable interest, Ms Lim by virtue of that section holds the property free
from that interest. We shall consider this section together with s 47 of the
Act in a moment. For the present purpose, it is sufficient to say that the
short answer to this argument is that s 46(1) has no application as between Ms
Lim and Madam Ho. Section 46(2) of the Act provides:

> 2) Nothing in this section shall be held to prejudice the rights and
> remedies of any person
>

>> (a) ..

>>

>> (b) to enforce against a proprietor any contract to which that proprietor
was a party;

>>

>> (c) to enforce against a proprietor who is a trustee the provisions of the
trust;

>>

>> (d) ..

>>

>> (e) ..

Therefore, as between Madam Ho and Ms Lim, who were the parties to the
agreement, it is not open to Ms Lim to say that the titled she acquired to the
property was held free of that equitable interest of Madam Ho.

27\. If any further authority is required in support, we need only to quote
the following passage of the judgment of Skerrett CJ of the New Zealand
Supreme Court in _Tataurangi Tairuakena and Ors v Mua Carr and Ors_[1927] NZLR
688 at 702:

> It was further contended that the registration of the lease under the
> provisions of the Land Transfer Act confers an indefeasible title upon the
> respondent Carr. I think that this contention is wholly untenable. The
> provisions of the Land Transfer Act as to indefeasibility of title have no
> reference either to contracts entered into by the registered proprietor
> himself or to obligations under trusts created by him or arising out of
> fiduciary relations which spring from his own acts contemporaneously with or
> subsequent to the registration of his interest. This principle appears to be
> well settled in Australia: See _Cuthbertson v Swan_ 11 SALR 102, _Groongall
> Pastoral Co Ltd v Falkiner_ 35 CLR 157, 163, and _Barry v Heider_ 19 CLR
> 197.

This passage was quoted with approval by this Court in _HSBC Trustee
(Singapore) Ltd and Anor v Lycee Francais de Singapur_ [1996] 2 SLR 24 at 38.

_**

Breach of trust by Ms Lim

**_

28\. There is no doubt that the sale of the property by Madam Ho to Ms Lim in
terms of the sale agreement was closely linked to the overdraft facility
provided by OCBC and secured by the mortgage over the property. During their
negotiations for the sale and purchase of the property, Ms Lim or Mr Wee gave
to Madam Ho a copy of the letter of offer of facility by OCBC, and the
facility offered was expressly required by OCBC to be used for the
construction of the development on the property. This was in a way an
assurance to Madam Ho that there would be a source of funds available for the
development as contemplated by the parties. The sale agreement in draft at
that time it was a draft option was shown to OCBC which was fully apprised of
the transaction, and OCBC required the area of the lot earmarked for Madam Ho
to be limited to 5,030 square feet, which is about one-third of the area of
the property, and this was provided for in special condition 18(b) of the sale
agreement. Thus, the sale agreement as drafted incorporated the requirement of
OCBC. OCBC in turn, in the Facility Agreement, which was supplemental to the
mortgage, by cl 15(2) recognised Madam Hos interest in the property. This
provision is of great importance to Madam Ho, and Ms Lim was clearly aware of
it. It was a stipulation agreed to between her and OCBC and was intended to
give some protection to Madam Ho of her interest in the property,
notwithstanding the mortgage of the whole property to OCBC.

29\. It is true that there was nothing in the agreement that prohibited or
restrained Ms Lim from switching from OCBC to RHB and obtaining fresh finance
from the latter. Nor had Ms Lim given an undertaking separately to that
effect. However, what Ms Lim did was more than merely switching banks to
obtain finance for the development to be carried out on the property. She made
use of the property purely for her own purposes: she used the property to
secure loans and advances made or to be made to her three-dollar company for
purposes which had no relation to the proposed development of the three houses
on the property. Madam Ho has an equitable interest in the property which Ms
Lim holds in trust for her (Madam Ho). It is implicit in that trust that Ms
Lim was to use the property to secure facilities to be used for carrying out
the proposed development on the property. There is no question that Ms Lim was
aware of her obligation to Madam Ho. She surreptitiously switched the banks
and deliberately hid from Madam Ho the fact that she had discharged the OCBC
mortgage over the property and re-mortgaged it to RHB to secure facilities
granted or to be granted to Earling. This is evident from the fact that as
late as July and August 1997, when Mr Wong, very belatedly, wrote to Ms Leong
seeking the consent of OCBC to lodge the caveat, not a word was forthcoming
from Ms Leong, or for that matter from Ms Lim, of the change of banks and the
facilities then granted and secured by the mortgage on the property. The only
response from Ms Leong was that she was awaiting her clients instructions. Ms
Lims conduct was truly indefensible and there was clearly a want of probity on
her part. In our judgment, Ms Lim committed a breach of trust in relation to
Madam Hos equitable interest in the property.

_**

Appeal against RHB

**_

30\. The appeal against RHB raises a difficult of point of law. The facts,
however, are clear. In mid-April 1997 or thereabouts, Ms Lim and Mr Wee sought
financing from RHB for their company, Earling, on the security of the
property. There was evidence that in their application to the bank for
finance, Ms Lim and/or Mr Wee disclosed the sale agreement made with Madam Ho.
Certainly the bank was aware of the proposed development of three detached
houses on the property. Ms Leong again acted for RHB as well as Ms Lim in the
mortgage. It is not in dispute that the bank had notice of Madam Hos interest
in the property, and in particular was aware that one of the three subdivided
lots was earmarked for Madam Ho, and Ms Lim had an obligation to build a house
thereon and to re-transfer it to Madam Ho free of payment. Further, the bank
must have known that plot 3 had been selected by Madam Ho and that that was
the lot earmarked for Madam Ho which was to be re-transferred to her.
Certainly Ms Leong was fully aware that plot 3 was the particular lot
earmarked for Madam Ho which was to be re-transferred to her and acting for
RHB she must have informed the bank of that fact. After all, she had
previously acted for OCBC in the mortgage and knew that this information was
required by OCBC in connection with the mortgage of the property, and in her
advice to RHB she must have conveyed this information the bank.

31\. In the credit application form of RHB dated 14 April 1997, the following
note was made:

> > One of the detached houses will be given to the previous owner as part of
> the deal.

and in addition the following comment was stated as the background
information:

> > Mr Wee bought the property at 124 Branksome Road Singapore for S$4.2m with
> the condition that one of the newly constructed detached house be given to
> the seller. One of the remaining 2 units will be sold to his good friend and
> a valued customer of Bukit Timah Branch, Mr Tan Ang Piow of Sitley Timber
> Pte Ltd for S$3.5m. The other unit will be sold and is expected to fetch at
> least S$4m.

Further, in the internal memo dated 5 May 1997 and written by Mr Choong Siew
Meng, the branch manager, to Ms Fadlum A Kadir, the manager of the legal
department, the following observation was made:

> > (1) OD is not meant for construction loan.
>>

>> (2) Note that T/L of S$3m is to be repaid upon the issuance of TOP, i.e.
one unit will be sold to repay the T/L.

>>

>> (3) Balance S$2m will therefore be secured by the last unit valued for
S$4.2m upon completion. Currently, there is an offer to buy over the 2nd unit
for S$3.9 million.

>>

>> (4) Whilst the 3rd unit is to be transferred to the previous land owner
free of payment.

>
> Therefore we do not see the need to impose any condition in view that the
> borrowing is based on land prices valued for $8m and T/L to be repaid upon
> the issue of TOP.

Thus in their evaluation of the security RHB valued the property in a sum
between $7m and $8m, excluding the value of the lot agreed to be re-
transferred to Madam Ho.

32\. Finally, in the Regulating Agreement made between Ms Lim as the
mortgagor, Earling as the borrower and RHB as the mortgagee, which was
expressed to be supplemental to the mortgage of the property and was dated the
same date as the mortgage, i.e. 9 May 1997, cl 6 of the agreement provided as
follows:

> 6\. REPAYMENT
>
> (1) The Mortgagor and the Borrower hereby jointly and severally covenant to
> pay to the Bank in full the Term Loan on the expiry of three (3) months from
> issuance by the relevant authority of the Temporary Occupation Permit for
> the three (3) units of 2-storey detached houses on the land comprised in the
> Mortgaged Property or by the 31st day of March 1999 whichever is the
> earlier.
>
> (2) In the event that partial discharge of any of the three (3) units of
> 2-storey detached houses is required, all payments received by the Bank from
> the sale price of the units shall be applied towards repayment of the Term
> Loan and any of the banking facilities or any moneys owing to the Bank in
> any manner deemed fit by the Bank subject as follows:-
>

>> (a) A partial discharge of the Legal Mortgage will be given for the first
unit upon the Banks receipt of eight-five percent (85%) of the sale price
which shall have to be sufficient to make full payment of all moneys
outstanding under the Term Loan;

>>

>> (b) A partial discharge of the Legal Mortgage will be given free of payment
for the second unit provided that the second unit is transferred to the
previous land owner or as he may direct in accordance with the agreement
between the Mortgagor and the previous land owner;

>>

>> (c) The third unit will remain mortgaged to the Bank to secure the balance
of the banking facilities and the Mortgagor and the Borrower shall seek the
Banks prior consent in writing on the sale price prior to selling the third
unit. A discharge of the third unit will be given upon the Banks receipt of
eight-five (85%) of the sale price which shall have to be sufficient to make
full payment of all the banking facilities then outstanding by the Mortgagor
and the Borrower to the Bank under the Mortgage, this agreement and the loan
Agreement.

33\. Before we proceed further, we should deal with the construction of this
clause. It provided for a partial discharge of the three units of detached
houses intended to be built on the property and was expressed to be subject to
the three paragraphs following, namely, (a), (b) and (c). It is quite clear
from the contents of these paragraphs that each paragraph was independent of
the others and each applied to a particular situation when it came to
discharging the particular unit concerned. First, paragraph (a) applied to the
unit which was to be sold. The bank would discharge the mortgage on this unit
upon receipt of 85% of the proceeds of sale of that unit which would be
sufficient to pay off the full amount of the term loan. As stated in the
internal memo of 5 May 1997 (referred to in 31 above), the term loan of $3m
was to be paid from the proceeds of sale of one of two units intended to be
sold. Next, we come to paragraph (b). That paragraph applied to the second
unit i.e. Madam Hos unit, and it provided specifically that a discharge of the
mortgage over this unit was to be given free of payment, and the only
condition or term attached to it was this: provided that the second unit is to
be transferred to the previous landowner, i.e. Madam Ho, or as she may direct
in accordance with the sale agreement. Lastly, paragraph (c) applied to the
third unit, which was to remain mortgaged to the bank to secure the balance of
the banking facilities and would be discharged only on certain terms and
conditions. We are therefor unable to accept the contention advanced on behalf
of RHB that the discharge of the mortgage of Madam Hos unit was subject to the
payment of 85% of the proceeds of sale of first unit or the third unit.

34\. Returning to cl 6(2) and in particular paragraph (b) thereof, we do not
think that it is a term or condition which RHB on their own initiative offered
or provided. They were advised by Ms Leong and they knew that Madam Ho had an
equitable interest in the property and that interest was an unregistered
interest. At least, Ms Leong acting for them certainly knew this, and this
information must have been conveyed to them. The inference we draw is that Ms
Leong must have advised the bank accordingly. They could, as a mortgagee, have
taken the mortgage of the property free of any unregistered interest. They did
not have to acknowledge or recognise such interest. But the fact of the matter
was that they did. Indeed, they did more than recognising it.

35\. There was evidence that cl 6(2) was a term which was specifically
negotiated and agreed to between Ms Lim and RHB which reflected their common
understanding of Ms Lims obligations to Madam Ho under the sale agreement. Ms
Lim in her affidavit evidence said that by that provision, namely cl 6(2) she
had taken the necessary precautions to preserve the plaintiffs [Madam Hos]
interest in obtaining one (1) bungalow unit free from encumbrances as was [Ms
Lims] obligations under the agreement. She then said:

> This understanding is bolstered by the fact that Sime Bank [RHB Bank] was
> always aware of my said obligations to the Plaintiff. Sime Bank had clearly
> informed me that they would respect my said obligations within the
> Regulating Agreement between Sime Bank and me so that the Plaintiff would
> receive her bungalow unit free from encumbrances.

In her evidence in court she said that if cl 6(2) were not inserted in the
Regulating Agreement, she would not have taken the loan from RHB. There was no
finding by the judge below on this point; however, it seems to us that what
she said was substantially the truth. We think that the term was specifically
negotiated and agreed to between Ms Lim and RHB. In that respect, Ms Leong, as
the lawyer acting for both parties, must have played her part in advising on
the requirement of that clause. Her understanding of the purpose of this
clause is also significant. In her letter to Mr Wong on 23 August 1999, Ms
Leong said:

> Sime Bank acknowledges that one unit (your clients) will be discharged free
> of payment on condition that the said unit is transferred to you client
> being the previous land owner or as she may direct in accordance with the
> agreement between you client and Madam Betsy Lim.

36\. Therefore in taking the mortgage on the property RHB not only had notice
and full knowledge of the equitable interest of Madam Ho in the property but
also acknowledged and recognised her interest. In their evaluation of the
property as security for the facilities granted to Earling, they had
discounted the value of her interest and was quite prepared to discharge the
mortgage over her lot free of any payment. In addition, by the Regulating
Agreement they not only acknowledged the interest of Madam Ho in the lot
earmarked for her but also agreed (with Ms Lim) that the lot would be
discharged without any payment. In these circumstances, the question that
arises is whether it is unconscionable for the bank to assert their absolute
rights as a mortgagee over the whole of the property and repudiate that
interest of Madam Ho in respect of which they had earlier acknowledged and
agreed with Ms Lim, and whether a constructive trust should be imposed on RHB
in respect of Madam Hos interest._****_

Land Titles Act

37\. If the property is not held under the Land Titles Act, the position is
very clear. As RHB took the mortgage with the full knowledge of Madam Hos
interest in the property, and also acknowledged her interest, their interest
as the mortgagee would be subject to the prior interest of Madam Ho. Equity
would impose a constructive trust on RHB to protect the interest of Madam Ho.
As the property is registered land held under the Land Titles Act, the
question is whether such a constructive could and should be imposed in the
circumstances.

38\. The main argument advanced on behalf of RHB is that there was no entry in
the register of titles of Madam Hos interest, and therefore they took the
property as a mortgagee free of that interest. They rely on the absolute
character of their title as the registered mortgagee. The relevant provisions
of the Land Titles Act which they invoke are ss 46 and 47 which, so far as
relevant, are as follows:

> 46\. (1) Notwithstanding the existence in any other person of any estate or
> interest, whether derived by grant from the State or otherwise, which but
> for this Act might be held to be paramount or to have priority, and
> notwithstanding any failure to observe the procedural requirements of this
> Act, any person who becomes the proprietor of registered land, whether or
> not he dealt with a proprietor, and notwithstanding any lack of good faith
> on the part of the person through whom he claims, shall hold that land free
> from all encumbrances, liens, estates and interests whatsoever except such
> as may be registered or notified in the land-register .
>
> (2) Nothing in this section shall be held to prejudice the rights and
> remedies of any person
>
> (a) to have the registered title of a proprietor defeated on the ground of
> fraud or forgery to which that proprietor or his agent was a party or in
> which he or his agent colluded;
>
> ..
>
> 47\. (1) Except in the case of fraud, no person dealing with a proprietor or
> with a person who is entitled to become a proprietor shall be required or in
> any manner concerned to inquire or ascertain the circumstances in or the
> consideration for which the current proprietor or any previous proprietor is
> or was registered, or to see to the application of the purchase money or any
> part thereof, or is affected by notice (actual or constructive) of any
> bankruptcy proceeding, trust or other unregistered interest whatsoever, any
> rule or law or equity to the contrary notwithstanding; and the knowledge
> that any unregistered interest is in existence shall not of itself by
> imputed as fraud.

39\. It is clear that both these sections are designed to provide for
indefeasibility of title of a registered proprietor of the land held under the
Land Titles Act. On the basis of these provisions, persons dealing with the
registered proprietor are not required to go behind the title in order to
investigate the history of the latters title and to satisfy themselves of its
validity: per Lord Watson in _Gibbs v Messer_[1891] AC 248 at 254.

40\. There are of course exceptions to the indefeasibility of title. In _Teo
Siew Peng and Anor v Neo Hock Pheng and Ors_ [1999] 1 SLR 293, Lai Siu Chiu J
considered two of such exceptions as relevant to the case before her. She said
at p 302:

> 18 [T]here are two exceptions to the indefeasibility of title conferred on
> the plaintiffs that are of relevance here. Firstly, s 38(2) provides for the
> fraud exception and makes clear that the fraud necessary to defeat the title
> of a proprietor must be brought home to the proprietor or his agent. In
> _Grgic v Australian and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd_ (1994) 33 NSWLR 202,
> while commenting on similar Torrens legislation, the New South Wales Court
> of Appeal reaffirmed (per Powell JA at p 221):
>

>> the position still remains that, for the purposes of s 42 of the [Real
Property] Act, fraud comprehends actual fraud, personal dishonesty or moral
turpitude on the part of the registered proprietor of the subject estate or
interest or that registered proprietors agents

>>

>> Although it is now accepted that not all species of equitable fraud stand
outside the concept of fraud those species of equitable fraud which are
regarded as falling within the concept of fraud are those in which there has
been an element of dishonesty or moral turpitude on the part of the registered
proprietor or his agent.

>
> 19 Secondly, cases such as _Frazer v Walker_ [1967] 1 AC 569 and _Bahr v
> Nicholay (No 2)_ (1988) 62 ALJR 268 established that the indefeasibility of
> title conferred by s 38 does not prevent claims in personam being made
> against the registered proprietor by reason of his own conduct. Such an
> exception was accepted by the recent local decision in _United Overseas
> Finance Ltd v Victor Sakayamary & Ors_ [1997] 3 SLR 211 as being consistent
> with the scheme of registration under the Act.

Her decision on appeal was reversed in part; however, the above passage of her
judgment remained unaffected.

41\. For our purposes, we need to consider only these two exceptions. In this
regard, we find helpful the decision of the High Court of Australia in the
case of _Bahr and Anor v Nicolay and Ors_ 164 CLR 604, 78 ALR 1. It is
necessary to deal with this case in some detail and consider the judgments
there in extenso. The facts were not too complicated. The appellants had a
licence to occupy certain Crown land known as Lot 340. The licence carried
with it the right to call for a Crown grant of Lot 340 upon the erection of
commercial premises by 14 August 1980. In order to finance the building on Lot
340, the appellants entered into an agreement with the first respondent (the
first agreement) under which they would sell Lot 340 to the latter, lease it
back for three years and thereafter buy it back. Clause 6 of the first
agreement provided as follows:

> 6 The vendors hereby further agree that upon the expiration of the lease
> contained in cl 5 hereof they will enter into a contract with the purchaser
> for the purchase by the vendors of the land for a sum of FORTY FIVE THOUSAND
> DOLLARS ($45,000) payable by way of TEN (10) per cent deposit with the
> balance of the purchase moneys to be paid at settlement. Settlement is to be
> effected thirty (30) days after payment of the deposit.

The appellants interest was never at any material time noted on the register
of titles. On 26 December 1981, the first respondent sold Lot 340 to the
second respondents under an agreement (the second agreement). Clause 4 of this
agreement merely provided that the second respondents acknowledged that an
agreement exists between the appellants and the first respondent. The second
respondents subsequently became the registered proprietors of Lot 340. Soon
thereafter, the second respondents through their solicitors wrote to the
appellants solicitors confirming that they would sign an offer to sell Lot 340
to the appellants for $45,000 plus any improvement at cost. Prior to the lease
expiring, the appellants solicitors confirmed that their clients intended to
purchase the land and sent a cheque for $4,500 by way of deposit. This was not
accepted by the second respondents who then refused to sell the land to the
appellants. The appellants brought an action against the first and second
respondents claiming, inter alia, specific performance of the first agreement.
The claim was resisted, and ss 68 and 134 of the Australian Transfer of Land
Act 1893 (the equivalent of ss 46 and 47 of our Land Titles Act) were relied
upon in the defence. The High Court of Australia held unanimously that in the
circumstances a trust arose in favour of the appellants and the second
respondents held Lot 340 subject to the rights of the appellants. However, the
reasoning of the judges in arriving at this conclusion differed.

42\. Mason CJ and Dawson J in their joint judgment held that cl 6 of the first
agreement created an equitable estate or interest in Lot 340 enforceable
against the first respondents and the second respondents. Turning to cl 4 of
the second agreement, they construed it as follows (164 CLR 604 at 612, 78 ALR
1 at 4-5):

> By cl 4 of the agreement between the first respondent and the second
> respondents, the second respondents "acknowledged that an agreement exists"
> between the appellants and the first respondent, that agreement being the
> undated 1980 agreement. The clause does not purport to create in favour of
> the appellants new rights over and above those previously existing. In terms
> it acknowledges the existence of the earlier agreement. Although the precise
> effect of the clause must be left for later consideration, it necessarily
> involves an acknowledgment of such rights as the appellants may have had
> under the earlier agreement.

Their Honours later considered the matrix of circumstances and said (164 CLR
604 at 616, 78 ALR 1 at 7):

> Viewed in this setting, cl 4 of the later agreement was designed to do more
> than merely evidence the fact that the second respondents had notice of the
> appellants rights. If that were the only purpose to be served by the
> acknowledgment it would achieve nothing. It would enable the second
> respondents to destroy the appellants interest and would leave the first
> respondent exposed to potential liability for breach of contract at the suit
> of the appellants. In the circumstances outlined it is evident that the
> purpose of cl 4 was to provide that the transfer of title to Lot 340 was to
> be subject to the appellants rights under cl 6 of the 1980 agreement in the
> sense that those rights were to be enforceable against the second
> respondents.

Their Honours found that cl 4 of the second agreement constituted an express
trust, and held (164 CLR 604 at 619, 78 ALR 1 at 9):

> The trust is an express, and not a constructive, trust. The effect of the
> trust is that the second respondents hold Lot 340 subject to such rights as
> were created in favour of the appellants by the 1980 agreement [the first
> agreement]:
>
> Even if we had not reached this conclusion, we would not have regarded the
> registration of the transfer in favour of the second respondents as
> destroying the appellants rights. Having regard to the intention of the
> parties expressed in cl 4 of the later agreement, the subsequent repudiation
> of cl 6 of the 1980 agreement constituted fraud. The case therefore fell
> within the statutory exception with the result that the appellants prior
> equitable interest prevails over the second respondents title, the second
> respondents taking with notice of that interest.

43\. Wilson and Toohey JJ in their joint judgment held also that cl 6 of the
first agreement created an equitable estate or interest in favour of the
appellants. Their Honours did not find that there was sufficient evidence to
impute fraud on the part of the second respondents, but they found that the
second respondents bought the property on the understanding that they would be
bound by the obligation to the appellants as contained in the agreement
between the appellants and the first respondent, and held (164 CLR 604 at
638-639, 78 ALR 1 at 24):

> The second respondents bought Lot 340 on the understanding common to vendor
> and purchasers that they were so bound and cl 4 was included to give effect
> to that understanding. Clause 4 may have been, of itself, insufficient for
> that purpose but the second respondents letter of 6 January 1982 and their
> two offers of 8 January 1982 put beyond doubt their acknowledgment of their
> obligation to the appellants.
>
> By taking a transfer of Lot 340 on that basis, and the appellants interest
> under cl 6 constituting an equitable interest in the land, the second
> respondents became subject to a constructive trust in favour of the
> appellants: _Lyus v Prowsa Developments Ltd; Binions v Evans_[1972] Ch 359
> at 368. If it be the position that the appellants interest under cl 6 fell
> short of an equitable estate, they none the less had a personal equity
> enforceable against the second respondents. In either cases ss 68 and 134 of
> the TLA would not preclude the enforcement of the estate or equity because
> both arise, not by virtue of notice of them by the second respondents, but
> because of their acceptance of a transfer on terms that they would be bound
> by the interest the appellants had in the land by reason of their contract
> with the first respondent.

44\. Brennan J (as he then was), the fifth member of the Court, like the other
four judges, held the same view that cl 6 of the first agreement conferred on
the appellants an equitable interest in the land, and went on to hold (164 CLR
604 at 647-648, 78 ALR 1 at 31) as follows:

> The consequence of inserting cl 4 into the Thompsons contract [second
> agreement] was that the Thompsons [the second respondents] acknowledged not
> only the fact that the Bahrs contract existed but also that the interest
> which they were purchasing was subject to the interest which the Bahrs had
> under cl 6 of the Bahrs contract. But cl 4 is more than an acknowledgment of
> a fact; in its context it appears to be a contractual stipulation. It is one
> of a number of "Conditions" in the Thompsons offer to purchase Lot 340 which
> Nicolay, by his attorney Robertson, accepted, and the offer was expressed to
> be "subject to the Conditions". By reference to the Bahrs contract (to which
> cl 4 refers), it would have been apparent to the parties to the Thompsons
> contract or, more realistically, it ought to have been apparent to their
> legal advisers that Nicolay would be in breach of cl 6 of the Bahrs contract
> unless cl 4 of the Thompsons contract is a contractual stipulation that the
> Thompsons title on completion was to be subject to the Bahrs interest.
> Having regard to the context in which cl 4 is found in the Thompsons
> contract and the relationship between the vendor Nicolay and the Bahrs which
> appears on the face of the Bahrs contract, I construe cl 4 not as a mere
> acknowledgment of a fact but as a term of the contract limiting the
> purchasers interest by defining the interest to which the purchasers title
> should be subject.

Dealing with the argument based on the indefeasibility of title under ss 68
and 134 of the Transfer of Land Act, Brennan J held (164 CLR 604 at 653, 78
ALR 1 at 35) that the title of a purchaser who not only had notice of an
antecedent unregistered interest but who purchased on terms that he would be
bound by the unregistered interest was subject to that interest. Equity would
compel him to perform his obligation.

_**

Concept of fraud

**_

45\. We consider first the concept of fraud in relation to the conduct of RHB
and determine whether there was any fraud committed by RHB in disregarding the
interest of Madam Ho in the property. The term fraud in the Land Titles Act
means actual fraud, i.e. dishonesty of some sort, and not constructive or
equitable fraud: _Assets Company Limited v Mere Roihi and Ors_ [1905] AC 176,
210, and _Waimiha Sawmill Company, Limited (in liquidation) v Waione Timber
Company, Limited_[1926] AC 101, 106. In _Bahr v Nicolay_ (supra), Mason CJ and
Dawson J said (164 CLR 604 at 614, 78 ALR 1 at 6) that these authorities do
not mean that all species of equitable fraud stand outside the statutory
concept of fraud, and in their view the statutory concept of fraud means
actual fraud, personal dishonesty or moral turpitude. Their Honours held that
fraud could arise both from dishonest repudiation of a prior interest which
the registered proprietor had acknowledged or had agreed to recognise as the
basis for obtaining the title, as well as for fraudulent conduct which enabled
him to obtain the title by registration. The Court of Appeal of New South
Wales in _Grgic v Australian and New Zealand Banking Group Ltd_ (1994) 33
NSWLR 202 at 221 said:

> [F]or the purpose of s 42 of the Act, "fraud" comprehends actual fraud,
> personal dishonesty or moral turpitude on the part of the registered
> proprietor of the subject estate or interest or of that registered
> proprietors agents: see _Bahr v Nicolay [No 2]_ (at p 614) per Mason CJ and
> Dawson J; (at 631-632) per Wilson J and Toohey J. Although it is now
> accepted that not all species of equitable fraud stand outside the concept
> of "fraud" which has been adopted for the purposes of s 42 of the Act (see,
> eg, _Latec Investments Ltd and Hotel Terrigal Pty Ltd (In Liq)_(1965) 113
> CLR 265 at 273-274 per Kitto J; _Bahr v Nicolay [No 2])_ those species of
> "equitable fraud" which are regarded as falling within the concept of
> "fraud" for the purposes of s 42 are those as for example, a collusive and
> colourable sale by a mortgagee company to a subsidiary (_Latec Investment
> Ltd v Hotel Terrigal Pty Ltd (in Liq)_ (at 273-274)) in which there has been
> an element of dishonesty or moral turpitude on the part of the registered
> proprietor of the subject interest or on the part of his or its agent.

It has also been held that merely to take a transfer of land with notice of an
existing unregistered interest or with actual knowledge that its registration
will defeat such an interest is not fraud: see _Mills and Anor v Stockmand and
Anor_ (1966) 116 CLR 61, 78; _Friedman v Barret, Ex p Friedman_ [1962] Qd R
498, 512.

46\. There is no doubt that RHB repudiated the unregistered interest of Madam
Ho and reneged from the agreement made with Ms Lim with regard to Madam Hos
interest as provided in cl 6(2)(b) of the Regulating Agreement. However, such
repudiation does not amount to fraud, personal dishonesty or moral turpitude
on their part. The facts in the instant case do not justify a finding of
dishonest repudiation of an unregistered interest. In our judgment, what RHB
did certainly did not amount to fraud.

_**

Claim in personam

**_

47\. The next question is whether Madam Ho has a claim in personam against RHB
founded in law or in equity. In _Alan Frederic Frazer v Douglas Hamilton
Walker ([1967 1 All ER 649 at 655, [1967] AC 569 at 585), Lord Wilberforce
said:_

> [T]heir Lordships have accepted the general principle that registration
> under the Land Transfer Act, 1952, confers upon a registered proprietor a
> title to the interest in respect of which he is registered which is (under
> sections 62 and 63) immune from adverse claims, other than those
> specifically excepted. In doing so they wish to make clear that this
> principle in no way denies the right of a plaintiff to bring against a
> registered proprietor a claim in personam, founded in law or in equity, for
> such relief as a court acting in personam may grant. That this is so has
> frequently, and rightly, been recognised in the courts of New Zealand and of
> Australia: see, for example, _Boyd v Mayor, Etc of Wellington_ [1924] NZLR
> 1174, 1223, and _Tataurangi Tairuakena v Mua Carri_ [1927] NZLR 688, 702.

48\. Similar pronouncements were made by the judges of the High Court of
Australia in _Bahr v Nicolay_(supra). Mason CJ and Dawson J said (164 CLR 604
at 612, 78 ALR 1 at 5):

> Sections 68 and 134 give expression to, and at the same time qualify, the
> principle of indefeasibility of title which is the foundation of the Torrens
> system of title. ..
>
> Neither the two sections nor the principle of indefeasibility preclude a
> claim to an estate or interest in land against a registered proprietor
> arising out of the acts of the registered proprietor himself: _Breskvar v
> Wall_ (1971) 126 CLR 376 at 384-5. Thus, an equity against a registered
> proprietor arising out of a transaction taking place after he became
> registered as proprietor may be enforced against him: _Barry v Heider_
> (1914) 19 CLR 197. So also with an equity arising from conduct of the
> registered proprietor before registration (_Logue v Shoalhaven Shire
> Council_ [1979] 1 NSWLR 537 at 563), so long as the recognition and
> enforcement of that equity involves no conflict with ss 68 and 134. Provided
> that this qualification is observed, the recognition and enforcement of such
> an equity is consistent with the principle of indefeasibility and the
> protection which it gives to those who deal with the registered proprietor
> on the faith of the register.

And Wilson and Toohey JJ, having referred to _Frazer v Walker_ , said (164 CLR
604 at 638, 78 ALR 1 at 23-24):

> The reference to ss 62 and 63 is a reference to the Land Transfer Act 1952
> (NZ), roughly corresponding to ss 68 and 199 of the TLA. The point being
> made by the Privy Council is that the indefeasibility provisions of the Act
> may not be circumvented. But, equally, they do not protect a registered
> proprietor from the consequences of his own actions where those actions give
> rise to a personal equity in another. Such an equity may arise from conduct
> of the registered proprietor after registration: _Barry v Heider_ (1914) 19
> CLR 197. And we agree with Mahoney JA in _Logue v Shoalhaven Shire Council_
> [1979] 1 NSWLR 537 at 563 that it may arise from conduct of the registered
> proprietor before registration.

_**

Constructive Trust

**_

49\. We once again return to the facts. At the time, when RHB took the
mortgage of the property, they had knowledge of the sale agreement made
between Madam Ho and Ms Lim and recognised Madam Hos equitable interest in the
property. They made an allowance of her interest and discounted it in their
evaluation of the property as security for the overdraft facilities offered to
Earling. By cl 6(2)(b) of the Regulating Agreement they not only expressly
acknowledged and recognised the existence of Madam Hos equitable interest in
the property but also committed themselves to discharging the mortgage on the
plot of land of Madam Ho without any payment. As we have said, this was not a
clause provided by RHB on their own initiative. It was obviously negotiated by
Ms Lim with a view to protecting the interest of Madam Ho, and the bank agreed
to it. That was certainly the understanding of Ms Leong the solicitor acting
for both RHB and Ms Lim. Thus, cl 6(2)(b) was a stipulation of the bargain RHB
made with Ms Lim that they would be bound by Madam Hos interest in the
property. In our opinion, the effect of this stipulation is that RHB had
accepted the particular plot of Madam Ho as not being subject to the mortgage,
thereby preserving Madam Hos interest in the property. Having taken the
mortgage of the property on that basis, it is, in our opinion, utterly
inequitable for RHB to renege from their obligation and insist on the absolute
nature of their interest as a mortgagee of the whole of the property and
repudiate the equitable interest of Madam Ho in the property. Such a stand
taken by RHB is certainly unconscionable, though not fraudulent or dishonest.
In the circumstances, equity would compel them to honour their obligation and
a constructive trust ought to be imposed. In our judgment, RHB took the
mortgage of the property subject to the constructive trust in favour of Madam
Ho.

50\. The present case is in a way not distinguishable from _Bahr v Nicolay_.
There the second respondents by cl 4 of the second agreement merely
acknowledged the existence of the first agreement and subsequently through
their solicitors they offered to transfer Lot 340 on certain terms. Wilson and
Toohey JJ held that by taking a transfer on that basis they agreed to be bound
by the interest of the plaintiffs in the land. In the present case, RHB in
taking the mortgage acknowledged Madam Hos equitable interest in the property
and by the Regulating Agreement made with Ms Lim agreed to be bound by that
interest in the property.

_51\. Bahr v Nicolay_ is not the only authority in point. The case of _Binions
and Anor v Evans_ [1972] 2 All ER 70, [1972] Ch 359 is also of some
assistance. There, the trustees of an estate, in which the defendants late
husband had been working, entered into an agreement with the defendant whereby
she was allowed to stay at the cottage in the estate as a tenant at will free
of rent for the remainder of her life or until determined as provided in the
agreement. Later, the trustees sold the estate to the plaintiffs and gave them
a copy of the agreement so as to protect the defendants occupation, and as a
result the plaintiffs paid a reduced price for the estate. Subsequently, the
plaintiffs having bought the estate sought to recover vacant possession of the
cottage from the defendant. The judge at county court dismissed the claim
holding that the plaintiffs held the cottage on trust to permit her to stay
there. On appeal, the Court of Appeal unanimously held that, when the cottage
was sold to the plaintiffs subject to the defendants right under the
agreement, the plaintiffs took the cottage on a constructive trust to permit
her to reside there during her life or as long as she desired. Lord Denning MR
in his judgment said ([1972] 2 All ER 70 at 76, [1972] Ch 359 at 368):

> Suppose, however, that the defendant did not have an equitable interest at
> the outset, nevertheless it is quite plain that she obtained one afterwards
> when the Tredgar Estate sold the cottage. They stipulated with the
> plaintiffs that they were to take the house "subject to" the defendants
> rights under the agreement. They supplied the plaintiffs with a copy of the
> contract: and the plaintiffs paid less because of her right to stay there.
> In these circumstances, this court will impose on the plaintiffs a
> constructive trust for her benefit: for the simple reason that it would be
> utterly inequitable for the plaintiffs to turn the defendant out contrary to
> the stipulation subject to which they took the premises. That seems to me
> clear from the important decision of _Bannister v Bannister_ [1948] 2 All
> E.R. 133, which was applied by the judge, and which I gladly follow.
>
> This imposing of a constructive trust is entirely in accord with the
> precepts of equity. As Cardozo J once put it: "A constructive trust is the
> formula through which the conscience of equity finds expression," see
> _Beatty v Guggenheim Exploration Co_ (1919) 225 N.Y. 380, 386: or, as Lord
> Diplock put it quite recently in _Gissing v Gissing_ [1971] A.C. 886, 905, a
> constructive trust is created "whenever the trustee has so conducted himself
> that it would be inequitable to allow him to deny to the cestui que trust a
> beneficial interest in the land acquired."

Later, in the same page, the learned Master of the Rolls said:

> Whenever the owner sells the land to a purchaser, and at the same time
> stipulates that he shall take it "subject to" a contractual licence, I think
> it plain that a court of equity will impose on the purchaser a constructive
> trust in favour of the beneficiary. It is true that the stipulation (that
> the purchaser shall take it subject to the rights of the licensee) is a
> stipulation for the benefit of one who is not a party to the contract of
> sale; but, as Lord Upjohn said in _Beswick v Beswick_ [1986] A.C. 58, 98,
> that is just the very case in which equity will "come to the aid of the
> common law." It does so by imposing a constructive trust on the purchaser.
> It would be utterly inequitable that the purchaser should be able to turn
> out the beneficiary.

52\. Another case in point is _Lyus and Anor v Prowsa Developments Ltd and
Anor_ [1982] 2 All ER 953, [1982] 1 WLR 1044. The plaintiffs there entered
into a contract with the developer to purchase a plot of land, plot 29,
together with a house to be built on it by the developer. The developer
subsequently became insolvent and the bank as the mortgagee of the entire
estate sold the land including plot 29 to the first defendant. The first
defendants had full knowledge of the plaintiffs contract in respect of plot
29. Although the bank as the mortgagee was not in fact bound by the contract
with the plaintiffs, they nevertheless sold the land which included the plot
29 subject to and with the benefit of that plaintiffs contract. However, the
subsequent transfer contained no mention of the contract. The first defendant
then sold plot 29 together with other parcels of land to the second defendants
who were the builders. By a special condition in their agreement, plot 29 was
also sold subject to and with the benefit of the plaintiffs contract. On
completion of the sale, the second defendants became the registered
proprietors of, inter alia, plot 29 and the register of titles was clear of
any reference to the plaintiffs or their contract. The plaintiffs instituted
proceedings against the first and the second defendants, claiming specific
performance of their contract on the ground that the defendants by the special
conditions in their respective contracts were bound by the constructive trust
to complete their contract. Dealing first with the contract between the bank
and the first defendant, Dillon J held that the special condition was not
inserted for the protection of the bank but was a stipulation of the bargain
between them that the first defendant would give effect, in relation to plot
29, to the plaintiffs contract. That being so, the first defendant having
accepted the land under the agreement made with the bank and the consequent
transfer, held plot 29 under a constructive trust to give effect to the
plaintiffs contract. Such constructive trust was also imposed on the second
defendants by virtue of the special condition in the contract with the first
defendants. The learned judge said at p 961:

> I conclude that cl 11 was not inserted in the agreement of 18 October 1979
> solely for the protection of the bank, like cl 7 of that agreement which
> sets out other matters subject to which the property was sold, and I
> conclude that it was a stipulation of the bargain between the bank and the
> first defendant that the first defendant would give effect, in relation to
> plot 29, to the contract which had been made between the vendor company and
> the plaintiffs.
>
> If that is correct, it would follow, in my judgment, from the judgment of
> Scott LJ in _Bannister v Bannister_ , and from the judgment of Lord Denning
> MR in _Binions v Evans_ , that, unless the Land Registration Act requires a
> different conclusion, the first defendant, having accepted the land under
> the agreement of 18 October 1979 and the consequent transfer, holds plot 29
> on a constructive trust in favour of the plaintiffs to give effect to the
> plaintiffs contract. That trust is also imposed on the second defendants by
> virtue of condition (b) of their agreement with the first defendants.

53\. Turning to the Land Registration Act, Dillon J held that although it was
not fraud to rely on the legal rights conferred by the Act, the first and
second defendants could not rely on the Act as an instrument of fraud to
renege from the bargains which they had made in acquiring the land. He said at
p 962:

> It seems to me that the fraud on the part of the defendants in the present
> case lies not just in relying on the legal rights conferred by an Act of
> Parliament, but in the first defendant reneging on a positive stipulation in
> favour of the plaintiffs in the bargain under which the first defendant
> acquired the land. That makes, as it seems to me, all the difference. It has
> long since been held, for instance in _Rochefoucauld v Boustead_ [1897] 1 Ch
> 196, that the provisions of the Statute of Frauds 1677, now incorporated in
> certain sections of the Law of Property Act 1925, cannot be used as an
> instrument of fraud, and that it is fraud for a person to whom land is
> agreed to be conveyed as trustee for another to deny the trust and relying
> on the terms of the statute to claim the land for himself. _Rochefoucauld v
> Bouster_ was one of the authorities on which the judgment in _Bannister v
> Bannister_ was found.
>
> It seems to me that the same considerations are applicable in relation to
> the Land Registration Act 1925. If, for instance, the agreement of 18
> October 1979 between the bank and the first defendant had expressly stated
> that the first defendant would hold plot 29 on trust to give effect for the
> benefit of the plaintiffs to the plaintiffs agreement with the vendor
> company, it would be difficult to say that that express trust was
> overreached and rendered nugatory by the Land Registration Act 1925. The
> Land Registration Act 1925 does not, therefore, affect the conclusion which
> I would otherwise have reached in reliance on _Bannister v Bannister_ and
> the judgment of Lord Denning MR in _Binions v Evans_ , had plot 29 been
> unregistered land.

In the result, the learned judge held that the second defendants held plot 29
on constructive trust to complete the house and he was ordered to convey the
plot back to the plaintiffs for the price agreed in the original contract.

_**

Conclusion

**_

54\. We therefore allow the appeal against the dismissal of Madam Hos claim
against Ms Lim and RHB and set aside the judgment below in so far as it
relates to such dismissal. We now turn to the question of the relief we should
grant. Under the sale agreement, the lot earmarked for Madam Ho is the lot
marked plot 3, the area of which is about one-third of the area of the
property. As no subdivision approval has been obtained, it would be
impracticable to grant a declaration of her equitable interest in this plot.
We therefore make the declarations and orders as follows:

> (1) As against Ms Lim, we make a declaration that she holds an undivided
> one-third share of the property on trust for Madam Ho and further that Ms
> Lim committed a breach of trust and is accountable to Madam Ho for the loss
> she has sustained. There will be judgment for payment of damages for such
> loss. As Ms Lim is now a bankrupt, we do not think that any point will be
> served by directing an assessment of damages. We therefore give Madam Ho
> liberty to apply for assessment of damages, if she so wishes;
>
> (2) As against RHB, we make a declaration that RHB as the mortgagee of the
> property hold the undivided one-third share of Madam Ho in the property on
> trust for Madam Ho and that, as and when they exercise the power of sale, to
> account to her one-third of the net proceeds of sale after deducting all the
> expenses incurred in the sale.

There may be other orders we should make consequent on our decision given
above. Parties are at liberty to tender written submissions on such further
orders within seven days from the date hereof.

55\. We award costs here and below to Madam Ho as against Ms Lim and RHB.
There will be the usual consequential order for the refund to Madam Ho of the
deposit in court, with interest, if any._****_

Civil Appeal No. 167 of 2001

56\. We now turn to Civil Appeal No. 167 of 2001 which is an appeal by Mr Wong
and Mr Ponniah against the learned judges order that they bear Madam Hos costs
payable to WLAW and RHB.

57\. The courts power to make such an order for costs against an advocate and
solicitor is derived from O 59 r 8 of the Rules of Court. The relevant part of
the rule states:

> (1) Subject to this Rule, where it appears to the Court that costs have been
> incurred unreasonably or improperly in any proceedings or have been wasted
> by failure to conduct proceedings with reasonable competence and expedition,
> the Court may make against any solicitor whom it considers to be responsible
> (whether personally or through an employee or agent) an order

> > (a) disallowing the costs as between the solicitor and his client; and

> > (b) directing the solicitor to repay to his client costs which the client
> has been ordered to pay to other parties to the proceedings; or
>>

>> (c) directing the solicitor personally to indemnify such other parties
against costs payable by them.

58\. The scope of this jurisdiction was comprehensively considered by the
English Court of Appeal in _Ridehalgh v Horsefield & Anor_ [1994] 3 All ER
848, [1994] Ch 205 which dealt with a corresponding provision in the English
Rules of Supreme Court. There, the court approved the three-stage test as
conceived in the earlier case of _Re A Barrister (Wasted Costs Order) (No 1 of
1991)_ [1992] 3 All ER 429 at 435, [1993] QB 293 at 301. The Court laid down
the three-stage test, ([1994] 3 All ER 848 at 861, [1994] Ch 205 at 231):

> (1) Has the legal representative of whom complaint is made acted improperly,
> unreasonably or negligently? (2) If so, did such conduct cause the applicant
> to incur unnecessary costs? (3) If so, is it in all the circumstances just
> to order the legal representative to compensate the applicant for the whole
> or any part of the relevant costs? (If so, the costs to be met must be
> specified and, in a criminal case, the amount of the costs.)

The tests and propositions of law laid down in that case were cited with
approval by this Court in _Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew & Anor and other
appeals_ [1998] 1 SLR 97, and it is not necessary to repeat them here.

59\. The question here is whether Mr Ponniah and Mr Wong can be said to have
acted improperly, unreasonably and negligently in advising Madam Ho to claim
against WLAW and RHB and also in acting for her in pursuing the claim. It is
submitted on their behalf that their actions in so advising Madam Ho and
acting for her in pursuing her claim against WLAW and RHB were not improper,
unreasonable or negligent. Madam Ho had a prima facie case against Ms Lim for
breach of trust or for the imposition of a constructive trust. Since WLAW and
RHB both knew about the agreement between Madam Ho and Ms Lim, and in view of
what was provided in the security documents executed by Ms Lim and RHB, it is
contended that there was also a prima facie case against them and as such it
could not be said that the institution of proceedings against WLAW and RHB had
no legal basis.

60\. In so far as the claim against RHB is concerned, as we have held that
Madam Ho has a claim against RHB as a constructive trustee of her equitable
interest in the property, it follows that Mr Ponniah and Mr Wong had not acted
improperly, unreasonably or negligently in advising Madam Ho to claim against
RHB and also in acting for her in pursuing the claim against the bank.

61\. We need to consider whether they had acted improperly, unreasonably or
negligently in advising Madam Ho and acting for her in pursuing her claim
against WLAW. As we have held, Madam Ho certainly has a claim against Ms Lim
for a breach of trust. The law firm of WLAW through Ms Leong acted for the
following parties: first, for Ms Lim in the sale and purchase of the property,
secondly, for both Ms Lim and OCBC in the mortgage of the property to OCBC,
and finally for both Ms Lim and RHB in the mortgage of the property to RHB. It
must have been clear to Ms Leong that Madam Ho under the sale agreement has an
equitable interest in the property and that Ms Lim holds the property on trust
to protect that interest. She was also involved as a solicitor in the
discharge of the OCBC mortgage and the re-mortgage of the property to RHB by
Ms Lim. It must have been obvious to her that these transactions were carried
out by Ms Lim surreptitiously without the knowledge of Madam Ho and the
mortgage of the property to RHB could jeopardise Madam Hos interest in the
property in that the property was being used to secure loans and advances to a
three-dollar company of Ms Lim and not for the specific purpose of financing
the construction of the proposed development on the property. In such
circumstances, it is arguable that equity may well impose liability on Ms
Leong for having been involved as an accessory to or having assisted in Ms
Lims disposition of a property in breach of trust. A third party knowingly
assisting a trustee in the disposition of a trust property in breach of trust
may be held liable as a constructive trustee. On this, we need go no further
than quote the classic statement of Lord Selborne LC in _Barnes v Addy_ (1874)
9 Ch App 244 at 251-252:

> strangers are not to be made constructive trustees merely because they act
> as the agents of trustees in transactions within their legal powers,
> transactions, perhaps of which a Court of Equity may disapprove, unless
> those agents receive and become chargeable with some part of the trust
> property, or _unless they assist with knowledge in a dishonest and
> fraudulent design on the part of the trustees_. [Emphasis added]

62\. In these circumstances, it cannot be said that Mr Ponniah and Mr Wong had
acted improperly or unreasonably in advising Madam Ho and acting for her in
pursuing a claim against WLAW. It is impossible for us to second-guess now
what course of action another firm of lawyers might have advised Madam Ho to
take, had they been consulted at the start. The mere failure of Mr Ponniah and
Mr Wong to advise Madam Ho to seek independent legal advice or to discharge
themselves could not be said to have caused Madam Ho to incur the costs of the
action against WLAW and RHB, as it cannot be said with reasonable certainty
that any other independent or prudent or reasonable lawyer would not have
given the same advice.

63\. It may be that for obviously good reasons Mr Ponniah and Mr Wong should
not have acted for her in these proceedings. First, they knew fully well that
Mr Wong himself would be a material witness in the proceedings to be taken
against Ms Lim, and second that they had a personal interest in the case as it
was their firm which had acted for Madam Ho in the sale of the property and
mortgage to OCBC. Without expressing any view on this matter, we would just
mention that it may be said that prima facie the problem that had arisen could
be said to have been caused by the way in which Mr Wong had handled the
transaction for Madam Ho. Both Mr Wong and Mr Ponniah should have discharged
themselves from acting for Madam Ho and should have advised her to seek
independent legal advice. That, however, is a different matter and for the
purpose of O 59 r 8 is not quite relevant._****_

Conclusion

64\. We therefore allow this appeal and set aside the order below. Before we
make an order for costs we would like to hear arguments on costs here and
below, and the relevant parties are invited to submit written arguments on
such issue within 7 days from the date hereof.

Sgd: | Sgd: | Sgd:  
---|---|---  
YONG PUNG HOW | L P THEAN | CHAO HICK TIN  
Chief Justice | Judge of Appeal  | Judge of Appeal  
  
  

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Sep 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

