Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## SMIT Land & Marine Engineering (Far East) Pte Ltd v Nacap Drilling Sdn Bhd  
[2001] SGHC 268

Case Number | : | Suit 216/2001, RA 146/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 September 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Thio Ying Ying and Lim Siew Khim [Kelvin Chia Partnership] for the plaintiffs; Mark Lim [Work & Leow LLC] for the defendants   
Parties | : |  SMIT Land & Marine Engineering (Far East) Pte Ltd — Nacap Drilling Sdn Bhd   
  
**Judgment:**

_GROUNDS OF DECISION_

1\. This was an appeal against the decision of the assistant registrar
dismissing the defendants' application for a stay of proceedings in favour of
proceedings being brought in the United Kingdom on the basis of an alleged
choice of law and jurisdiction clause in the contract. The historical
background is important. The subject matter is known as a "Directional
Drilling Rig No. 4". It was owned by a UK company called Smit Land & Marine
Engineering Ltd ("Smit UK"). They entered into a contract of hire with the
defendants. The hire was for two months beginning 30 July 1999 and terminating
on 30 September 1999. According to the defendants they were given an option by
Smit UK to renew the hire. The defendants in fact enquired about a renewal
sometime in mid-August and were told that the rig was being sold to a company
in Singapore called Smit International (Singapore) Pte Ltd. Smit International
(S) Pte Ltd hired the rig to the plaintiffs shortly after 1 October 1999. When
the hire contract between Smit UK and the defendants expired on 30 September
1999 the defendants retained physical possession of the rig pending
negotiations for a fresh contract.

2\. The negotiations were conducted between the defendants and the plaintiffs'
respective representatives. The plaintiffs' representative Michael Fitzsimmons
sent an electronic mail to Matthew Sewell of the defendant company on 20
October 1999. In this mail Sewell expressly stated that he "will prepare a new
contract for the period from 1st October to end November with the option to
continue the hire to the end of December." He also stated in the same
paragraph that this "second agreement will use SMIT Land & Marine Engineering
(Far East) Pte Ltd as the contracting party". On 3 November 1999 Sewell sent a
formal "Proposal For Hire" to the defendants, the last paragraph of which
stated that the defendants "are deemed to have accepted the Terms and
Conditions on collection of the [rig] from our KL Yard". It was not disputed
that the rig had been collected and were being utilised by the defendants.
Clause 5 of the proposal stated that the contract for hire will be between the
plaintiffs and the defendants and "will be subject to SLME Standard Conditions
for the supply of [the rig] (by hire) July 1999 - copy enclosed". It was not
disputed that the Standard Conditions of SLME referred to the original
standard conditions of Smit UK. Those terms and conditions provide that in the
event of any dispute UK law shall apply and the parties shall submit
themselves to the jurisdiction of the UK courts. However, the copy of the
Standard Conditions that was attached to the 3 November Proposal for Hire was
the Standard Conditions and Terms of the plaintiffs and those conditions
provide that in the event of any dispute the laws of Singapore shall apply and
the parties submit to the jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.

3\. Mr. Lim submitted on behalf of the defendants that the defendants were
under the impression that the Smit UK Standard Conditions were the applicable
terms. He submitted that the defendants did not pay attention to the copy of
the conditions that was enclosed with the 3 November 1999 proposal. Mr. Lim
submitted that in any event, the proposal of 3 November was never formally
accepted by the defendants.

4\. There is an obvious inherent contradiction in the wording of cl 5. One
part was clearly inserted by mistake. The question is, which? Mr. Lim
submitted that the reference in the 3 November Proposal to the "SLME
conditions July 1999" was a misrepresentation by the plaintiffs to the
defendants. I do not think that it is quite as serious as that because the
actual text of the plaintiffs' Standard Conditions were in fact attached and
if read the discrepancy would have been discovered. However, I am of the view
that the circumstances of this case do not merit a finding that the proposal
of 3 November had been accepted by the defendants. This is not to say that
there was no binding contract between the plaintiffs and them. There clearly
was; but how the terms of that contract are to be inferred - whether from the
oral discussions, electronic communication, or the letters - is a matter to be
determined at trial. It is also my view that there is nothing before me to
warrant a finding that the Smit UK Standard Conditions apply, especially in
view of my finding that the defendants had not accepted the 3 November
Proposal so that there is no evidence of any reference to the Smit UK Standard
Conditions in cl 5. In fact, the rig no longer belongs to Smit UK and their
only involvement appears to be the provision of one of their men for servicing
or operating the rig. The application of the defendants in so far as it was
for a stay of proceedings in favour of the UK courts must therefore fail. They
are entitled, of course, to apply for a stay on the ground of forum non
conveniens if they believe that there are grounds to do so; that is to say,
that there is another, more appropriate forum (but not the UK forum on the
basis of cl 5). This appeal, as it was presented, must fail and is accordingly
dismissed.

\- Sgd -

**Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner**

Singapore,13 September 2001.

  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Sep 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

