Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## SH Sameyeh Pte Ltd v Hassan's Carpets Pte Ltd  
[2001] SGHC 179

Case Number | : | DCA 30/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 July 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andrew J Hanam [Hanam & Co] for the appellants/plaintiffs; Sumitri Menon [Jansen, Menon & Lee] for the respondents/defendants   
Parties | : |  SH Sameyeh Pte Ltd — Hassan's Carpets Pte Ltd   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

1.The plaintiffs and defendants were companies incorporated in Singapore and
carry on the business of carpet dealers. The plaintiffs were also the
beneficial shareholders of a company in Bangkok, Thailand called Hassan’s
Carpets Co Ltd (Bangkok), referred to at the trial as "HCB".

2.In this suit the plaintiffs claimed the sum of US$8,000 being the value of a
"kazak" carpet which (they alleged) were given to the defendants on
consignment for sale. The statement of claim averred that on 23 July 1996 an
oral agreement was reached between one Sameyeh, a director and shareholder of
the plaintiffs, and one Baba, the general manager of HCB. By this agreement
Sameyeh, representing the plaintiffs, handed over a Russian kazak carpet ("the
kazak") to Baba who represented the defendants. If the carpet was sold the
defendants were to pay the plaintiffs US$8,000; otherwise the carpet was to be
returned within the week. The transaction took place in Bangkok. The carpet
was not sold within the agreed period but Sameyeh agreed to an extension of
time for the consignment. Eventually, the carpet was sold but no payment was
made to the plaintiffs.

3.The defendants averred that they had no knowledge of the transaction in
Bangkok. Their defence was that Baba was the general manager of HCB and the
contract, if at all, was made between the plaintiffs and Baba either in his
personal capacity, or on behalf of HCB. However, as a matter of precaution,
the defendants took out a third party action against Baba. The interlocutory
proceedings in the third party action did not keep pace with the main action.
The trial judge commenced the trial without the third party action. There were
two further twists to the plot. First, only days before the trial the
defendants’ counsel Miss Menon applied to have Baba present at the trial. Mr.
Hanam, counsel for the plaintiffs objected and the court agreed with him and
disallowed Miss Menon’s application. Next, in a reversal of sorts, Mr. Hanam
then subpoenaed Baba who duly appeared at the trial. However, when Mr. Hanam
applied to call Baba as the plaintiffs’ witness on the day of trial itself,
Miss Menon objected on the ground that his affidavit of evidence-in-chief had
not been filed. The trial judge refused leave to call Baba as a witness
whereupon Baba left the court and the trial continued (without Baba; without
the third party action). In my view, this is not a desirable state of affairs,
but, for reasons below, the appeal before me was able to proceed in spite of
what transpired at the trial. That included a finding of fact by the trial
judge that the plaintiffs had no case against the defendants because the
contract concerning the kazak was made between the plaintiffs and Baba in his
personal capacity (and not as agent for HCB or the defendants). There will be
cases, of course, where a court may rightly refuse leave for a witness who has
not filed his affidavit of evidence-in-chief to testify, but in this case,
Baba ought to be allowed to testify. He would naturally have to explain why
his evidence-in-chief was not made by way of affidavit. The court has the
discretion to disregard his evidence if it is not convinced that the evidence
was not creditworthy. There were only two persons who could give direct
evidence as to the transaction made in Bangkok. They were Sameyeh and Baba and
there was no reliable evidence that can be gleaned from the record that Baba
made the contract on his personal account. Given these circumstances, and the
fact that Baba, who was a party to the suit, was not allowed to testify, it
was wrong to make a finding of fact that Baba acted in his personal capacity.
However, in view of the nature of the plaintiffs’ case, this finding by the
judge was not material to the appeal. I now come to the appeal proper.

4.The plaintiffs’ case as related by its main witness Sameyeh was as follows.
On 25 July 1996, Baba collected the kazak from a shop called Isphan Carpets.
He then signed a receipt for it under the plaintiffs’ letterhead. (This was
admitted in evidence and marked as "PB1". Two days later, Baba gave Sameyeh a
letter, signed by Baba, acknowledging receipt of the kazak and the terms of
the agreement made. This letter was typed on HCB’s letterhead and admitted in
evidence as "PB2". Both documents were photocopies and were admitted in
evidence although the originals were not produced.

5.Before me, Mr. Hanam argued that the trial judge overlooked the significance
of PB2. He stated that although the letter was on the stationery of HCB it set
out a promise to pay Mr. Sameyeh in Bangkok or "at my H.O. in Singapore". The
initials "H.O." were understood to mean "Head Office", and the printed
footnote gave the address of the H.O. as: "H.O. 19 Tanglin Road, #01-28/32
Tanglin Shopping Centre, Singapore". It was not disputed that this was the
address of the defendants. On the basis of PB2 Mr. Hanam submitted that in
reality the contracting party was the defendants. He submitted that as HCB was
wholly and beneficially owned by the defendants who controlled all of HCB’s
activities, HCB and the defendants must be regarded as a single economic unit.
Thus, he argued that the corporate veil must be lifted, and once that was
done, it will be seen that HCB was, in fact, the defendants.

6.The pleadings, however, do not reflect the plaintiffs’ case as set out
above. On the contrary, the statement of claim pleaded that the contract was
made between "the plaintiffs and the defendants through their respective
representatives Chamuel Sameyeh and M.A. Baba in Bangkok". That is a
straightforward allegation that the defendants were the principal contracting
party acting through the agency of Baba. The case for the plaintiffs
floundered when their own evidence indicated that the contract was made by
Baba on behalf of HCB. This compelled Mr. Hanam to take the position that HCB
and the defendants were "a single economic unit" or, as he submitted, that
"HCB was the alter ego of the defendants". This seems to me to be an unusual
use of the term "alter ego" (which means "another side of oneself"). That term
is usually used in law, at least, to refer to a company as the alter ego of a
natural person not of another company.

7.It is necessary for me, at this stage, to address the use of the term
"agent" in the statement of claim. After pleading that Baba acted as a
representative of the defendants, the statement of claim referred to HCB "as
agents of the defendants" (in paragraph 5) and alternatively, that the
defendants were "in breach of their duty as an agent for sale" (in paragraph
8). It was also pleaded that HCB "as agents of the defendants" held the kazak
on trust for the plaintiffs. Consequently, the plaintiffs were obliged to
recite the alternative claim based on breach of trust. From this hazy set of
pleadings, an averment that HCB and the defendants were a single economic unit
was considered by counsel to be crucial.

8.An application was made by Mr. Hanam at the trial to amend the claim based
on the "single economic unit" point. The trial judge refused leave to amend
but no grounds were given for his decision. The plaintiffs adduced evidence
through their sole witness, Sameyeh himself. All that he had stated in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief was that he believed that he was dealing with
the defendants all the while. No evidence was adduced to indicate that HCB and
the defendants were a single economic unit. To state, as he did , that the
"Bangkok office was part of the defendants" is woefully inadequate. It would
serve no purpose to allow the claim to be amended to accommodate the "single
economic unit" argument without the necessary nest of facts in support. I am,
therefore, of the view that the trial judge rightly did not allow the
amendment.

9.In any event, the amendment would not have salvaged the plaintiffs’ case.
Their case will fail even with the pleadings amended as sought because the
evidence from their only witness shows that the contract was ostensibly made
between the plaintiffs and Baba on behalf of HCB. In coming to the conclusion,
as I do, that the evidence does not support Mr. Hanam’s "single economic unit"
argument, it will be necessary to consider what that issue was about.

10.An incorporated company has a distinct and separate legal entity from that
of its shareholders. The distinction must be respected, and has been, since
_Saloman v A Saloman_ [1897] AC 22. That distinction has been the primary
reason why the incorporated company exists - to limit the liabilities of its
shareholders. Anyone who lacks the comfort or confidence to deal with an
incorporated company is always entitled to seek such security or comfort as he
may extract from the company or its shareholders. Otherwise, he must accept
the company for what it is worth.

11.The courts have, however, from time to time lifted the "corporate veil"
which hides the shareholders from the gaze of those dealing with the company.
The purpose is to render the shareholders accountable for the act of the
company but the precondition for lifting the corporate veil is clear. The veil
will be lifted only if the company was used as a means of committing a fraud,
or something close to that, on the plaintiff. It is in this sense that the
company may be described as a facade.

12.Mr. Hanam referred to a number of cases on this point; I say "this point"
with some reservation because it appears to me that counsel drew no
distinction between the concept of "a single economic unit" and that of
"lifting the corporate veil". The principal case prayed in aid by Mr. Hanam
was _DHN Food Distributors Ltd and Ors v London Borough of Tower Hamlets_
[1976] 3 All ER 462. In my view, this case is not, and should not be regarded
as a true case of "lifting the corporate veil". It is similar to other cases
in which the court was required to construe a statute, contract, or some
document so as to ascertain who was the proper person which is being
addressed. In the _DHN_ case, the parent company leased property owned by its
subsidiary company. The property was acquired by the local authority who paid
compensation to the registered owner, namely the subsidiary for the value of
the land. DHN then claimed to be entitled (by virtue of s 5 of the Land
Compensation Act, 1961) to compensation for disturbance. The local authority
contended that DHN was only a tenant from year to year and, therefore, not
entitled to compensation for disturbance to its business. Under the 1961 Act
only owners of acquired land were entitled to compensation for disturbance.

13.The court of appeal allowed the appeal of DHN and, in ruling that DHN was
entitled to compensation for disturbance, lifted the veil and found that DHN
and its subsidiary in fact operated as a partnership and the companies in that
group ought to be viewed as one with DHN "treated as that one". Thus, it
concluded that DHN was an owner who was entitled to compensation under the
1961 Act. The special circumstances of this case was noted in the judgment of
Shaw L.J. at page 474.

14.Thus, lifting the corporate veil is obviously a necessary prerequisite in
ascertaining whether the companies were a single economic unit. But, in my
view, the single economic unit argument is relevant only where the case
involves, as I mentioned, an interpretation of a statute or document. Where
the case does not concern the interpretation of a statute or document, and the
present case before me cannot be regarded as such, then the lifting of the
corporate veil would be a relevant exercise only for the purpose of disclosing
an iniquity or the concealment of fraud. Otherwise, a creditor is being
licensed to pursue the shareholders of the debtor company for the non-payment
of a commercial debt by the company. This was what the plaintiffs here were
seeking to do. There was no allegation of fraud in the pleadings on the part
of the defendants, and nothing of that nature was averred to in the evidence.
The mere fact that the defendants were the beneficial owners of HCB created no
liability for contracts made between them and the plaintiffs. The term "single
economic unit" cannot therefore be applied to HCB and the defendants in this
case.

15.For these reasons, and based solely on the case as presented by Mr. Hanam
before me, the appeal must fail. There was no prejudice to the plaintiffs’
case in the trial judge’s rejection of their application to amend the claim,
nor his refusal to allow the plaintiffs to call Baba as a witness.
Accordingly, I dismissed the plaintiffs’ appeal on these points as well.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jul 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

