Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Heng Chyu Kee v Far East Square Pte Ltd  
[2001] SGHC 348

Case Number | : | Suit 572/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 November 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  A Thamilselvam (S Nabham & Partners) for plaintiff; Lim Thian Siong Sean and Tan E-Fang (Hin Tat & Partners) for defendants   
Parties | : |  Heng Chyu Kee — Far East Square Pte Ltd   
  
Landlord and Tenant – Distress for rent – Writ of distress – Principles and
procedure – Action for damages for wrongful execution of writ of distress –
Whether writ illegal, irregular and excessive – Whether defendants negligent
in execution of writ – s 5(3) Distress Act (Cap 84, 1996 Ed) – O 46 r 23 Rules
of Court  
  

**Judgment**

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

1\. This is an action by the plaintiff (PW1) against her former landlords. She
is a 46-year old divorcee with three children and was, at the material times,
carrying on the business of a hairdressing salon at #B1-06/07, Lucky
Chinatown, New Bridge Road. She claimed that she was also carrying on the
business of a gift shop. In this action she sued the defendants for damages
arising from what she alleged to be a wrongfully executed Writ of Distress
issued on 30 November 2000 from the Subordinate Courts at the instance of the
defendants. The writ was issued against the plaintiff for arrears in rent in
respect of her premises at #B1-06/07 Lucky Chinatown. In June 1999 the
plaintiff contracted to rent this unit from the defendants for two years from
1 September 1999. The monthly rental was $1,026.10 and a monthly service
charge of $761.50 was also payable under the tenancy agreement. It is relevant
to note that at that time the plaintiff was already renting another unit from
the defendants also at Lucky Chinatown. That unit was at #B1-15 and was used
by the plaintiff for her gift shop, known as _Sweetzy World Gift Shop_ ,
selling "Hello Kitty" products that included soft toys, stationery, toasters
and various other items. #B1-06/07 was used by the plaintiff as a hairdressing
salon, known as _Sweetzy World Unisex Hair Salon And Beauty Care_. The
plaintiff asserted that she moved her gift shop to #B1-06/07 in April or May
1999 and thereafter, #B1-06/07 was used by the plaintiff partly as an
hairdressing salon and partly as a gift shop. The apparent inconsistency with
the incontrovertible evidence that #B1-06/07 was rented from September 1999
was not explained, but in the event I do not regard this discrepancy to be
significant. The plaintiff soon fell into arrears in rent and on 1 February
2001 the defendant's employee, Mr. Sim Mong Hiong (DW4) brought Mr. Yen Meow
Thien (DW2), a bailiff from the Subordinate Courts to serve the Writ of
Distress on the plaintiff. The writ stipulated as follows:

> "I hereby direct you to distrain the movable property found on the premises
> at 211 New Bridge Road, #B1-06/07 Lucky Chinatown, Singapore 059432 for the
> sum of Singapore Dollars only $3,078.30 being all arrears of rent due to the
> [defendants] for the same from 1 September 2000 to 30 November 2000,
> together with costs and the prescribed fees and expenses of executing this
> Writ, according to the provisions of the Distress Act (Cap 84)."

2\. The plaintiff alleged that Mr. Yen Meow Thien advised her that if she paid
the arrears by 7 March 2001 he would cancel the writ of distress. In the
meantime, he would record various items as seized under the writ but would not
actually place the court seal on those items to avoid embarrassing the
plaintiff since the amount due was very small. It was not disputed that the
items recorded by the bailiff in the inventory of seized items were as
follows:

> "(1) 3 sets of Hair Dressing machines;  
>  (2) CTV 20" (LG);  
>  (3) Mini compo ("Aiwa");  
>  (4) 2 Steamers;  
>  (5) all miscellaneous items in the premises."

The plaintiff testified that she believed Mr. Yen Meow Thien because he had
said the same thing in a previous distress action. On that occasion she paid
up the arrears and the auction of the distressed items was called off. On this
occasion, the plaintiff went to the defendants office on 12 February 2001 to
make payment. She paid $3,500 and was given a receipt. This was not disputed
by the defendants, but Mr. Lim submitted on behalf of the defendants that the
sum of $3,500 was utilised by the defendants towards payment of legal costs
and other outstanding debts, so that the sum of $3,078.30 stated in the writ
of distress was not fully paid and the defendants were, therefore, entitled to
proceed with the auction. The plaintiff testified that after making her
payment of $3,500 she left on a cruise for holiday. On 7 March 2001 while
still on holiday she was informed by her daughter who, in turn, had been told
by a salesgirl from a nearby shop, that an auction had taken place at
#B1-06/07. The plaintiff broke off from her cruise and rushed back to her
shop. She arrived at her shop about 11.30pm. She testified that she wept when
she saw that her entire shop-house had been stripped bare save for the black
cupboard fixed against the wall just below the ceiling. The wash basin used
for the salon had also been taken away. The locks to the shop had been changed
and she was locked out. She called the defendants' employee Mr. Sim Mong Hiong
and asked for an explanation. He was surprised because he said that he had
checked with a colleague called "Stella" who told him that the plaintiff had
not paid the arrears. The plaintiff testified that she went to see Stella the
next day but was verbally abused and insulted by her instead of explaining to
her why the defendants had proceeded with the auction.

3\. The plaintiff commenced this action and sought damages for the wrongful
auction. This was the point where the facts on which the plaintiff relied on
became grossly exaggerated. They were, in my view, wilfully fabricated.
Perhaps in grief; perhaps in fury - whatever the reason - the plaintiff sued
for over $300,000 in damages because she claimed that many of her "Hello
Kitty" products were original items and were worth a great deal of money, and
in order to support this allegation she produced a book of photographs
purportedly showing an array of "Hello Kitty" toys in the rented shop. She
steadfastly maintained throughout the examination-in-chief as well as the
cross-examination that, with the exception of a few photographs, namely P2,
P5, P12, P22, all the others marked P1 to P27 were taken of her shop at
#B1-06/07. The exceptions were those of her shop at #B1-15. She also said that
P14 to P19 - photographs of the ransacked and empty shop - were taken on 29
March 2001 but the rest were taken after the new year this year. This
statement was made to show what the state of her shop and the wealth of her
products were shortly before the auction. As the cross-examination wore on the
truth emerged. Initially, there was still room for a benevolent acceptance
that she might have made a dreadful error through sheer carelessness, but
eventually, it became obvious that the plaintiff wilfully produced photographs
of her former shop at #B1-15 to pass off as #B1-06/07. I will not dwell on the
long and excruciating process of the cross-examination, but it was only after
I had asked her counsel Mr. Thamilselvam whether he had advised his client on
the consequences of perjury, that the plaintiff retracted her evidence,
without explanation, during re-examination and conceded that all the
photographs (other than P1, P2, P3, P9, P10, P13 to P19) were indeed of
#B1-15. By this retraction the plaintiff conceded that P6, P7, and P8 were
photographs of #B1-15. These were three photographs she had hitherto been most
adamant were of #B1-06/07; and of which she ventured to explain why the black
cupboards could not be seen in these photographs and how she had created a
nook behind a pillar in the centre of the unit to erect the glass shelves seen
in P7. The entire exercise of proving the photographs was to support the
plaintiffs claim as to the extent of her loss as well as the amount of damages
she could have recovered in the event that she succeeds in her claim. In the
end, all it proved was that she was not a truthful witness.

4\. I shall now refer to the law and procedure concerning the writ of
distress. A writ of distress is a form of relief available to a landlord
against his tenant who fails to pay rent. Although it is issued at the
instance of the landlord, it is in fact issued by the court, and in that
sense, cannot be said to be illegally or unlawfully issued. I will enlarge on
this point shortly. The plaintiff's contention in paragraph 10 of her
Statement of Claim that the writ was illegal, irregular and excessive cannot
succeed in law as well as on the nature of the evidence adduced by her and on
her behalf. It is true that the writ appears irregular on the face of it
because it fails to identify the person to whom it was addressed, that is
usually, the sheriff or his bailiff; but that irregularity occasioned no
injustice because the plaintiff knew what it was all about when the bailiff
Mr. Yen Meow Thien appeared at her shop on 1 February with the writ. She
acknowledged the arrears of rent stated in the writ, and made payment some 12
days later. No particulars were given as to the claim that the writ was
excessive, but if by that allegation the plaintiff was referring to that part
of the writ that demanded payment of outstanding legal costs on a solicitor
and client basis, that allegation ought to have been particularized in the
statement of claim. But in any event, an omission in setting out the legal
costs due does not render the writ irregular. The legal costs on a party and
party basis for this writ in question was stated in the writ to be $900. In my
view, that was sufficient. There were, however, other, more serious, grounds
of complaint against the present writ of distress which I shall now refer.

5\. A few more words regarding the distress procedure is necessary. First, the
writ of distress is a notice to an errant tenant that, by its authority, the
tenant's movables (and no one else's) in the rented premises (and nowhere
else) are being distrained, and that he shall not sell or dispose of them
until they are released by the sheriff, and further, that unless payment of
the arrears in rent is made the movables will be sold by the sheriff and the
proceeds used to pay the landlord towards the arrears in rent. In view of
this, it is essential that the writ must set out precisely the amount of money
in rent and expenses such as legal costs that the tenant has to pay. Secondly,
when the movables are being restrained, the landlord must ensure that the
bailiff, who is deemed to be his agent in this regard, affix the court's seal
on each of the movables to be distrained. Only items that are thus sealed are
subject to the writ of distress because the tenant must know which of his
movables he can dispose of and which he cannot. Thirdly, when a sale of the
movables is made by reason of the failure of the tenant to make payment within
the time stipulated, the landlord must ensure that only the items distressed,
and no other, are sold. Fourthly, once the tenant makes payment pursuant to
the writ of distress the landlord is obliged to apply for the release of the
distraining order. Although the tenant cannot dispose of the movables until
they are formally released, neither would the landlord be entitled to sell
them once he has been paid because the basis and justification for the writ
are gone.

6\. So, were the arrears in rent in this case, stipulated as $3,078.30 in the
writ of distress, paid after the writ was served on the plaintiff on 1
February 2001? The defendants do not dispute that on 12 February 2001 the
plaintiff made a payment of $3,500 but they contended that the payment was
only partial and the explanation to this was that in addition to the $3,078.30
stipulated as arrears in rent from 1 September 2000 to 30 November 2000, the
plaintiff owed them rent up to February 2001 as well as legal costs. They aver
in paragraph 5 of their Defence that the sum of $3,500 paid by the plaintiff
was appropriated by them in the following manner (but it will be noted that
the receipt - AB59 - itself sets out a different set of component parts):

> > "Service charge for September 200 (part) | $ 414.45  
>> ---|---  
>> Costs: | $ 1,802.50  
>> Rent for September 2000: | $ 1,026.10  
>> Service charge for October 2000 (part): | $ 146.88  
>> GST (October 2000): | $ 53.62  
>> Interest (October 2000): | $ 56.45  
>> |  _________  
>> Total: | $ 3,500.00"  
  
7\. The defendants therefore say that the rents for October and November had
not been paid and the sale of the distressed movables was justified. I do not
accept this argument. If legal costs, service charges and GST (goods and
services tax) are due and owing then they must be expressly stated in the writ
and not be submerged, unseen, between the lines. If the demand is for a
specified sum for a specific debt, the creditor is not entitled to appropriate
payment by the debtor towards some other debt even if that other debt is
undeniably due. The creditor may only do so with the express consent of the
debtor. If no direction is made by the debtor himself, the inference must be
that he was making payment in respect of the specified debt and no other.
There is a pertinent reference to a similar issue in _Davenport v Queen_
[1877] 3 AC 115, 131. I need not dwell on the details of that case. They are
not essential for the appreciation of the Privy Council's approval of an
opinion of Justice Williams in _Croft v Lumley_ 10 E.R. 1459, 1480 in these
terms:

> "It was established as early as _Pennant's Case_ 3 Rep. 64a that if a lessor
> accepted rent, but accompanied the receipt with a protest that he did not
> accept it as rent, and did not intend to waive any forfeiture. But I am of
> the opinion the protest was altogether inoperative, as he had no right at
> all to take the money unless he took it as rent; he cannot, I think, be
> allowed to say that he wrongfully took it on some other account, and if he
> took it as rent, the legal consequences of such an act must follow, however
> much he may repudiate them".

8\. The principle that where money was paid, it was to be applied according to
the expressed will of the payer and not that of the receiver has also been
recognized in our courts in the short judgment of Winslow J in _South Union Co
Ltd v Seng Hin Ltd_ [1972-74] SLR 326. I find, on the evidence before me, that
when the plaintiff made payment on 12 February 2001 she was paying up as her
debt as specified under the writ of distress even though she paid a little
more than was demanded. There was no evidence that she was informed or that
she had agreed to make only partial payment under that writ. Miss Toh Wee San
(DW1) stated that she received payment of the $3,500 from the plaintiff but
she had appropriated the payment according to the instructions of her superior
officer namely, Miss Ng Beng Choo (DW5). The evidence of Miss Ng Beng Choo
(DW5), the assistant credit officer of the defendants was that the standing
instructions from the management was to allocate payments by a tenant in
accordance with the defendants' internal guidelines that included the
apportionment at the defendants' discretion for interests, services tax and
legal fees. She testified that the defendants would not appropriate payment
towards the satisfaction of a writ of distress unless the tenant specifically
asked them to do so. In my view, that is to place an unfair burden on the
debtor tenant. When a landlord issues a writ of distress specifying the
payment of a specific sum, any payment by the debtor must go towards
satisfying that sum first and foremost. I am, therefore, of the opinion that
the sum of $3,500 paid by the plaintiff must be used to satisfy, and must be
deemed to have satisfied the debt of $3,078.30 specified in the writ of
distress. There was a sum of $900 costs as well as court charges of $100 but
after deducting them from the $3,500, there was still a debt of $578.30 due.
The continued seizure of $2,000 worth of the plaintiff's goods and their
subsequent sale for $1,200 was, in this regard, wrongful, but this is not the
same as saying that the writ of distress was illegal. That is a point of law
which I shall revert shortly.

9\. Continuing with the procedure of a distress action, it will be noted that
the defendants were obliged, if payment had been made, to apply for the
discharge of the writ. But they did not do so and instead, a date was fixed
for the distressed goods to be sold by auction. This was done on 7 February
2001 at the plaintiff's shop. The auction was conducted by a licensed
auctioneer, Mr. Lean Lam Bong (DW6) appointed by the bailiff Mr. Yen Meow
Thien, who was also present. It is not disputed that the total proceeds from
the auction came to only $1,200 but was still more than the $578.30 due under
the writ of distress at that time. The ensuing furore between the plaintiff
and the defendants arose because the successful bidder carted away the
plaintiff's entire stock as well as some items, which were immovables, namely
fixtures such as the washbasin. Once again, the failure or omission on the
part of the defendants in this regard may expose them to an action in
negligence or breach of statutory duty whichever may be the case, but not that
the writ was illegal.

10\. I would, in passing, observe that some of the problems in this sale would
not have arisen had the bailiff been precise in his recording of the
inventory. I accept that there may be occasions in which it would be expedient
to record certain items as "miscellaneous" items, but if that should become
necessary, the items must be packed together in a box or container and sealed
with the court's seal, and the description should then be "miscellaneous items
in box A", for example. To state merely "miscellaneous items" without any
means of identifying what they are, and relying solely on the bailiff's memory
is an unreliable, and therefore, undesirable method. There is authority in the
case of _Davies v Property and Reversionary Investments Corporation Ltd_
[1929] 2 KB 222 for the proposition that if the notice of writ identifies all
items in the shop as subject to the seizure the notice may be regarded as
sufficient; but it is one thing to say that all the goods in the shop are
seized and another to say that miscellaneous items are seized. The difference
is stark and obvious and requires no further explanation. Mr. Yen Meow Thien
also admitted under cross-examination that he did not stick the court seal on
the miscellaneous items he noted in the inventory, and his explanation in re-
examination was that he found the miscellaneous items "loose and scattered"
and therefore he did not think that it was necessary to affix the court seal
on them. If that was his reason, it was not only inadequate but also compounds
the vague description of the so-called miscellaneous items.

11\. The plaintiff called the erstwhile security officer Mr. Biremkumar (PW3)
at Lucky Chinatown to testify on her behalf. He said that he was on duty on
the day when Mr. Sim Mong Hiong, the bailiff and the auctioneer arrived at the
plaintiff's premises. They brought along a locksmith who broke the lock. The
party entered, and a short while later, a person described as "the purchaser"
arrived. They spoke in Chinese inside the shop and after some time they left.
The locksmith replaced the lock. The purchaser did not take anything with him
at that point, but he returned in the evening with a 20-footer lorry, a one-
ton truck and a van to collect the items purchased. Mr. Biremkumar initially
refused him entry on the ground that the security policy was not to allow
anyone in after 7pm for such purposes. The purchaser insisted; and Mr.
Biremkumar then asked him to speak to Mr. Chandrasekar (PW2) his security
supervisor. Mr. Chandrasekar consented to let the purchaser take away the
movables from the plaintiff's shop. The exercise ended about 11pm. The only
item they could not take away was the receptionist's counter because the
purchaser's vehicles were full. So he gave the counter to the security guards
who immediately used it as their security counter at the warehouse entrance.
That was the entrance for the tradesmen and was the entrance used by the
purchaser on the evening in question. According to Mr. Biremkumar, the
plaintiff came to the building with a man about midnight and noticed her
counter at the security post and asked why it was there. Then she went to her
shop and broke down when she saw the empty shop. Shortly after, she fainted
and Mr. Biremkumar called for assistance. So, as it transpired, the successful
bidder in this case returned to the shop to collect the purchased goods after
the defendants' representative, the auctioneer and the bailiff have left the
premises. There was therefore no one to supervise the collection. A letter
dated 14 June 2001 from the Head Bailiff Mr. Ghani Majid to defendants'
previous solicitors reported that some movables that were not seized had been
taken away by the purchaser. Mr. Yen Meow Thien conceded under cross-
examination that looking at the photographs taken after the sale, it was
obvious that the purchaser had taken away items that were not seized. It
hardly needs explanation that an execution creditor, in this case the
defendant landlords, must ensure that not only are correctly identified goods
sold, but also that the purchasers take away only the goods that they had
purchased. A dereliction of this duty may expose the creditor to civil
liability in negligence.

12\. Mr. Yen Meow Thien was either unaware or decided to ignore the full
import of O 46 r 23 of the Rules Of Court which requires the bailiff to post a
copy of the Notice of Sale on the premises. Mr. Yen Meow Thien's evidence was
that he only shoved the notice into the plaintiff's letterbox; but the
plaintiff denied receiving it. When asked by counsel why he did not "paste"
the notice at the premises he said at first that the premises had glass door
and therefore the notice could not be pasted. When he was corrected by the
court that the rule stipulated that the notice must be "posted" not "pasted"
at the premises, Mr. Yen Meow Thien replied with a hint of facetiousness that
he had indeed posted the notice by putting it into the plaintiff's letter-box.
That was not good enough. The rule required him to post the notice at the
premises unless it was not practicable to do so. There was no valid reason why
he found it impracticable to do so. This case is a clear example of the
importance of adhering strictly to proper procedure for seizure and sale.
Those who are involved in the execution process of any court order must behave
responsibly and respect the property of the debtor as they ought to anyone
else's property. They fail in that duty if they exceed the terms of the order
or ignore the provisions of proper procedure. It is important that these
duties and responsibilities must be properly discharged by the executing
creditor otherwise he may give the impression of plundering his debtor under
the guise of a writ of distress or seizure and sale. The court's writ will not
be used as a licence for any adventure of that sort.

13\. Mr. Yen Meow Thien assessed the value of the items noted in the inventory
of seized items, including the dubiously named "miscellaneous items", to be
$2,000. He conceded that he arrived at this figure based only on his
experience although he had no qualifications as an expert valuer. Even so, a
person who relies on the vastness of his experience to claim some degree of
expertise must at least provide some explanation or grounds as to how he
arrived at that valuation. I do not think that it is sufficient to rely on an
assertion that the debtor did not object to his assessment. In this case,
mindful that Form 94 was dated 1 February 2001, I am not satisfied it had been
properly served on the debtor. I came to this conclusion after considering,
reviewing and finally, rejecting Mr. Yen Meow Thien's evidence; in so doing I
had also taken into account the evidence of the defendants' representative,
Mr. Sim Mong Hiong, who said that he informed the plaintiff by telephone, some
nine days after the seizure, that the bailiff had inserted some documents in
her letter-box. He did not specify what those documents were because Mr. Yen
Meow Thien did not tell him. The valuation of $2,000 in this case was also
significant in another aspect. At that time, the prevailing rule as Mr. Yen
Meow Thien explained, was that no advertisement of sale was necessary if the
valuation was not more than $2,000. Hence, where there was no advertisement of
sale save the notice that is put up at the bailiff's office, only regulars
like the purchaser Mr. Tan Ting Koon (DW3) - as he was so described by the
auctioneer Mr. Lean Lam Bong - will attend the sale and meet with little
competition for bids. In this case, there were only three bidders. They had
been informed beforehand by the bailiff that the assessed value of the seized
goods was $2,000. According to Mr. Lean Lam Bong, the opening bid was only
$300 and finally, the purchaser, whose penultimate bid was $1,000, was
persuaded by Mr. Lean Lam Bong to increase his bid to $1,200. Mr. Sim Mong
Hiong testified that he telephoned his superiors and was instructed to accept
only if the bid was no less than $1,200. The auction was conducted by the
bailiff, the defendants' representative and the auctioneer. The plaintiff
claimed that she was completely unaware of the sale and was on a holiday
cruise. She subsequently said that she was also doing business trading "Hello
Kitties" on board the cruise vessel. Whether that is true or not was not
crucial for the purposes of my judgment.

14\. On the other facts as I have found, I am of the view that although the
writ of distress was not illegal the defendants were, however, negligent in
the execution of the writ in failing to ensure that the value of the goods
seized did not exceed the debt; secondly, in failing to identify the goods
seized by affixing the court seal on all the items seized; thirdly in failing
to sell only such items as were seized; fourthly, in failing to give adequate
notice of the sale; fifthly, in failing to ensure that only seized goods are
sold; and sixthly, failing to ensure that the purchaser takes away only the
items that he had bought. However, the tort of negligence requires proof of
damage. It is in this regard that the plaintiff failed. One cannot begin to
consider the quantum of damages until the cause is proved, and the cause in
this case requires proof of damage. There is no question in my mind that the
vast sums of money attributed to the alleged valuable "Hello Kitty" products
were deliberately fabricated. So far as her evidence related to the transfer
of her "Hello Kitty" business to unit #B1-06/07 was concerned, I reject them
entirely. I accept that there were some remnant pieces that were showcased in
the hairdressing salon, but the value of those were not proved. More
importantly, the undisputed evidence was that within a day or so, the
purchaser Mr. Tan Ting Koon re-sold virtually all the items to the plaintiff
for $2,000. Mr. Tan told the court that in September or October 2001 the
plaintiff spoke to him and asked him "not to say too much to the lawyer
representing Far East" and also "not to tell the lawyer representing Far East
that she had bought the things from me." This evidence was not contradicted or
challenged. In my view, the plaintiff was bound to state in her case that she
had re-purchased the goods but she did not do so and did not make it part of
her case. It was the defendants who produced this evidence. The plaintiff
ought to have pleaded this so that the true extent of damage may be understood
by the court (quite apart from the question of assessing the quantum of
damages). She had first to prove that she had suffered damage before she can
succeed in her claim and have damages assessed. In ordinary circumstances, I
would have said that the damage so far as it appears from the evidence would
at least be the difference between the $2,000 the plaintiff paid Mr. Tan, set-
off, if necessary against the $1,200 credited to her account in respect of any
outstanding debt to the defendants. But the plaintiff never accepted the fact
that she had re-purchased the goods, and instead, she went to remarkable
lengths to conceal and fabricate evidence of damage. In view of her false
evidence and conduct in this trial I do not accept any of her evidence
especially when it related to the question of damage (apart from the issue of
the quantum of damages). The burden lies with the plaintiff in proving all the
constituents of the tort of negligence and if any aspect is not proved the
claim must fail as I so find in this case. It is relevant to note, however,
that although the measure of damages is not in issue at this point, it was the
plaintiffs case that the bulk of the claim was based on the assertion that the
defendants took away valuable "Hello Kitty" products and counsel submitted
that these came to about $300,000. It is therefore relevant and essential for
me to say that I find as a fact that this assertion was not proved at all.
Added to the evidence of the purchaser Mr. Tan who testified that he had re-
sold virtually all the items that he had bought, the loss (if any) suffered by
the plaintiff would not even have exceeded the magistrates scale of
jurisdiction. I am mindful that once the slightest damage is proved the
plaintiff is entitled to an assessment of the quantum of that damage. In the
event, I have found that the plaintiff here failed to prove damage entirely
for not a word from her concerning this aspects of her case can be accepted.

15\. Finally, Mr. Thamilselvam also submitted that the writ of distress was
also illegal because it was exercised simultaneously with the exercise of
forfeiture. He submitted, on the authority of _Dovey Enterprises Ltd v
Guardian Assurance Public Ltd_ [1993] 1 NZLR 540, and _Metro Mechanical Ltd v
Neil Day Motors Ltd_ [1995] DCR 232, that in such cases, the termination of
the tenancy by re-entry is regarded as the primary step and the distrain
becomes illegal because the landlord-tenant relationship had been terminated.
I will not comment on the authorities cited nor do I need to question the
ostensibly sound principle that counsel advanced, although in a quick
rejoinder, Mr. Lim pointed out that under s 5(3) of the Distress Act, the
landlord is entitled to distrain even after termination provided that the
tenant is still in occupation or that his goods are still on the premises.
Both these conditions were present in this case. In any event, it was not
pleaded by the plaintiff that the tenancy had already been terminated when the
writ of distress was served on the plaintiff. That would have been an issue of
fact which the defendants would have been entitled to demur. I will not allow
a party to raise such an argument in final submission in these circumstances.
I will take this moment to float a gentle reminder to counsel that an advocate
fights with the sword of a warrior and not the dagger of an assassin.

16\. In conclusion, I find that although the process of execution by way of a
writ of distress was not properly carried out, the claim based on illegality
failed. The issue of illegality had arisen and was considered in two local
cases. The first of which, _Chop Chye Hin Chong v Ng Yeok Seng_ [1934] MLJ 265
was followed by Judith Prakash J in _Ginsin Holdings Pte Ltd v Tan Mui Khoon
t/a Chan Eng Soon Service_ [1997] 1 SLR 55. The principle there espoused, and
which I accept entirely, was that where a writ of distress is issued by the
court no cause of action for damages for wrongful distress can arise. The writ
is an embodiment of law. The law may be harsh or even unjust, but save in the
case of _ultra vires_ , which is not relevant here, it will be a contradiction
in terms to say that the law is illegal. An aggrieved plaintiff, however, is
entitled to apply to set aside the writ, or alternatively, sue for malicious
prosecution. In so far as the omissions and irregularities in the conduct of
the sale were concerned, the remedy lay in other causes of action such as
negligence or breach of statutory duty. Only negligence was pleaded and I have
dealt with this aspect above.

17\. For the foregoing reasons I dismissed the plaintiff's claim. Mr. Lim then
revealed that he had made an offer to settle at $8,000 on 5 October 2001 but
that was rejected by the plaintiff. Mr. Thamilselvam confirmed the offer.
Since the offer was more favourable to the plaintiff than the final decision
of this court I ordered that plaintiff to pay costs on the standard basis up
to 5 October 2001 and thereafter on an indemnity basis.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Nov 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

