Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Soong Hee Sin v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGHC 50

Case Number | : | MA 324/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 March 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Kia Tong (Lim Kia Tong & Partners) for the appellant; Hay Hung Chun (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Soong Hee Sin — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Sentencing – Criminal breach of
trust whilst employed as servant – Accused pleaded guilty and unrepresented –
No restitution made of misappropriated moneys up to time of hearing – Whether
duty on sentencing judge to inform accused about relevance of restitution as
mitigating factor – s 408 Penal Code (Cap 224)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Whether sentence manifestly
excessive – Considerations and mitigating factors – s 408 Penal Code (Cap 224)  
  

: This was an appeal only on sentence. After hearing the appellant`s counsel
and the DPP, I allowed the appeal and reduced the appellant`s sentence from 15
to nine months` imprisonment. I now give my reasons.  
  
**_Salient facts_**

****

The appellant pleaded guilty in the court below to one charge of committing
criminal breach of trust (`CBT`) of a sum of $10,485.22 while being employed
as a servant under s 408 of the Penal Code (Cap 224).  
  
The agreed statement of facts which the appellant admitted to without
qualification revealed that he was employed as a sales representative of Chin
Bee Trading between 30 November 1998 and 1 July 2000. During this time, he was
entrusted with making sales of provisions and collecting cash from his
erstwhile employer`s various customers. Between 31 January 2000 and 1 July
2000, he collected various sums of money totalling $10,485.22 from 21 of his
then employer`s customers, but he failed to hand over the money to the
company`s cashier as he should have done. He was arrested on 6 November 2000
on which occasion he promptly admitted to having misappropriated the money.  
  
The appellant was unrepresented in the court below. In mitigation, he said
that he was the sole breadwinner of his family and asked for leniency.  
  
In sentencing the district judge took into account the appellant`s plea of
guilt as well as his lack of antecedents. He noted, however, that no
restitution had been made by the appellant nor did he indicate that he was
able to make restitution. Upon a consideration of all the factors, the
district judge sentenced him to 15 months` imprisonment.  
  
**_The appeal_**

****

Before me, his counsel`s main grouse was the complaint that the district judge
had not informed the appellant of the significance and relevance of
restitution to his sentence. The argument ran that, as the appellant was
unrepresented in the court below, it was the duty of the district judge to
inform the appellant of the role of restitution in sentencing, and then to ask
if he intended to make such restitution. The district judge`s failure to
instruct the appellant in this regard, counsel urged, rendered his
consideration of the lack of restitution as a factor in passing sentence
erroneous.  
  
I found counsel`s arguments in this regard to be simply untenable. The
contention that it was the duty of the district judge to educate the appellant
of the manifold factors that play a part in the exercise of sentencing
discretion strikes at the very root of the independence of the trial judge as
an impartial umpire. I had declared this to be the position in **Rajeevan
Edakalavan v PP** [1998] 1 SLR 815 , the pertinent facts of which were similar
to those in the present case, and I reiterate the views I had stated therein
that:

> _[i]t is not the duty of the judge to inform the accused of the defences or
> other options that may be open to him and advantageous to his case. That is
> the duty of the counsel who is appointed to defend him in court, if the
> accused so chooses to be represented. The onus does not shift to the judge
> (or the prosecution, for that matter) simply because the accused is
> unrepresented. That will be placing too onerous a burden on the judge.
> Furthermore, the judge will be performing two completely incompatible and
> irreconcilable roles - one as the adjudicator, the other as the de facto
> defence counsel. The judge`s position of impartiality and independence will
> be gravely undermined. There will evidently be a conflict of interest and an
> issue of bias ([para ] 22)._

  
  
In my opinion, the above statement of the law applied with equal force to the
present case. While **_Rajeevan_** `s case concerned the duty of a judge
vis-.-vis unrepresented accused persons with respect to the substantive
offence and thus the plea of guilt itself, there is nothing to prevent the
same principles from being applied at the sentencing stage as well. The
judge`s role, at any stage of the process, is always to serve as an
independent and unbiased adjudicator, a role which he would be hard placed to
discharge if he had to proffer or extend his own legal advice to either of the
parties before the court. It is pertinent that justice not only be done, but
be seen to be done and the latter I find would be impossible to achieve if
judges were burdened with the added duty of advising accused persons of every
possible defence strategy.  
  
This view is supported by art 9(3) of the Constitution which states that every
accused person has the right to consult and be defended by a legal
practitioner of his choice. That an accused person chooses not to exercise
this right cannot have the effect of shifting the burden of his defence onto
the judge whose task can conflict with that of the defence. Indeed, this is
precisely the reason why arguments that an accused person was ignorant of this
or that point of law and thus prejudiced because he or she was unrepresented
have not been well received in previous cases: see eg **Packir Malim v PP**
[1997] 3 SLR 429  and **Virgie Rizza V Leong v PP** (Unreported) . If an
accused person voluntarily chooses not to avail himself of his constitutional
right to an advocate, it cannot be that the judge`s duty towards him then
suddenly becomes more arduous than it would have been had counsel been
appointed, for an unfair advantage would then accrue to accused persons who do
not consult their own lawyers. Indeed, to accept counsel`s submissions in this
case would create an incentive for accused persons not to instruct their own
lawyers, knowing that they can depend on the judge for legal advice, with the
latter`s failure to do so then amounting to easy grounds for an appeal.
Further, there is the added difficulty of where one should draw the line
should such a duty be held to exist for the question then arises as to how
much and to what degree of detail of the law the judge should seek to impart
to the accused before he may be said to have discharged his duty adequately.
Certainly where the plea of guilt itself is concerned, the duty of the judge
has always been to ensure that the plea is valid and unequivocal, that the
accused understands the nature and consequences of his plea and that the
accused intends to admit without qualification to the offence alleged against
him. But this duty on the part of the judge exists irrespective and regardless
of whether or not the accused is represented and more importantly, does not
impugn on the judge`s function as an objective referee. Simply to ensure that
an accused person understands the nature and consequence of his plea or that
the facts are admitted to without qualification do not carry any risk of
unfairness or prejudice for the judge is there merely seeking to satisfy
himself that all the elements of the charge have been made out. On the other
hand the same cannot be said of the further duty to advise an accused person
of possible defences or factors that play a part in sentencing for the danger
of bias then becomes a very real possibility. As a result, such an extended
duty ought not be held to exist concurrently, for the task of lending advice
is one which has traditionally been and should rightfully be reserved for
defence counsel alone. It is simply absurd to expect that a judge should in
every case be burdened with the duty of ascertaining from the accused whether
he would like to make restitution, and, if so, if he would like his sentencing
to be adjourned until such further date that he has completed making his
restitution! Indeed I find it exceedingly difficult, if not impossible, for a
judge who had previously so advised an accused person to be perceived as
having meted out a fair sentence when one is eventually passed.  
  
In the light of the above reasons, I found that there was no duty on the
district judge in this case to advise the appellant of the significance or
relevance of restitution in sentencing. As such, the failure by the judge to
do so did not vitiate the subsequent discretion exercised by him in passing
sentence. In any event, the fact in this case remained that the appellant had,
up to the time of the hearing in the court below, failed to make any
restitution of the misappropriated moneys whatsoever. It will be recalled that
he left the company`s employ on 1 July 2000 and was not arrested until more
than four months later in November. Throughout this time, he failed to effect
any restitution whether partial or full, as a result of which I could only
infer that he felt little or no compunction or remorse for his misdeeds during
that time. In **Krishan Chand v PP** [1995] 2 SLR 291 , it was said that the
fact of restitution goes to some extent towards showing remorse, genuine good
character and reformation on the part of the offender. Restitution made
voluntarily before the commencement of criminal proceedings or in its earliest
stages thus carries a higher mitigating value for it shows that the offender
is genuinely sorry for his mistake. On the other hand, where the sole motive
for restitution is the hope or expectation of obtaining a lighter punishment,
then the fact of restitution must be of little mitigating value. As such, I
found that, even if the district judge had asked the appellant in this case if
he intended to make restitution and he had replied that he did, the reasons
behind such a response would remain highly questionable. In my view,
restitution as a mitigating factor is of decisive significance only when it is
made voluntarily for only then would it be a display of true moral conscience
on the part of the accused. As the DPP rightly pointed out, the best test of
that genuine moral conscience occurs precisely when an accused is
unrepresented for only then can the judge be absolutely certain that any
restitution made was truly the result of unadulterated remorse on his part,
rather than the contrived action of one previously advised on the law.  
  
Counsel then sought to stress tirelessly before me the fact that his client
had indeed made partial restitution of $5,000 to Chin Bee Trading since the
time of his sentencing in the court below. A look at the documents tendered by
counsel, however, revealed that such restitution was made only a week before
the hearing of this appeal, which gave me much reason to query the motives
behind it. In my view, little or no mitigating weight should be placed on the
fact of this restitution as it was something which arose only after the end of
the hearing in the court below, thus rendering it a form of fresh evidence for
which leave of court was necessary in order for it to be introduced on appeal.
As no motion was filed by counsel to obtain the requisite leave, I found that
the evidence of the subsequent restitution made by the appellant was
inadmissible. Even if I did admit it in any case, the view espoused above that
little weight should be given to it as a mitigating factor applied with full
force as it was patent that any restitution was made only and obviously on the
advice of counsel, evidently in the hope of getting a lighter sentence on
appeal. If anything, such mindset appeared to me to demonstrate calculated
purposefulness rather than genuine remorse on the appellant`s part. As such,
little weight should be attributed to it as a mitigating factor. In the
premises, I found that any intention at all by the appellant to make
restitution, even if it did exist, existed only after he had instructed
counsel in this appeal, and as such bore little consequence to his mitigation
where his sentence was concerned.  
  
Counsel next led me through a whole line of sentencing precedents and sought
to draw from there some sort of mathematical formula from which the proper
sentence in each case could be calculated with scientific accuracy. He cited,
among others, the case of **Sim Yeow Seng v PP** [1995] 3 SLR 44  and made
reference in particular to the following passage at p 46 of the judgment:

> _... [I]n the absence of aggravating circumstances, the usual punishment for
> a first offence under s 408 of the Penal Code, where the accused pleads
> guilty and where the sum involved lies between $5,000 and $10,000 is an
> imprisonment term of nine months coupled with a fine._

  
  
He further quoted from the case of **Gopalakrishnan Vanitha v PP** [1999] 4
SLR 307  in which the amounts misappropriated were $11,369.73, $12,440 and
$30,113.29 respectively and in which I had remarked that, for these amounts,
the sentence ranged from nine to 15 months` imprisonment. As the amount
misappropriated in the instant case was but a mere $485.22 above $10,000,
counsel submitted that the range of sentence applicable to his client should
be that for amounts below $10,000 as elucidated in **_Sim Yeow Seng_** , and
not the higher spectrum of sentences reserved for amounts above $10,000.  
  
With respect, I found counsel`s attempt to reduce the law of sentencing into a
rigid and inflexible mathematical formula in which all sentences are deemed
capable of being tabulated with absolute scientific precision to be highly
unrealistic. If the appropriate sentence in each case was indeed nothing more
than a computation of numbers and figures, then judges are better off
delegating the task of sentencing to their secretaries and clerks who I
venture to think are possibly more adept at these things than judges. In my
view, the regime of sentencing is a matter of law which involves a hotchpotch
of such varied and manifold factors that no two cases can ever be completely
identical in this regard. While past cases are no doubt helpful and sometimes
serve as critical guidelines for the sentencing court, that is also all that
they are, ie mere guidelines only. This is especially so with regard to the
unreported cases, in which the detailed facts and circumstances are hardly, if
ever, disclosed with sufficient clarity to enable any intelligent comparison
to be made. At the end of the day, every case which comes before the courts
must be looked at on its own facts, each particular accused in his own
circumstances, and counsel be kept constantly and keenly apprised of the fact
that it is just not possible to categorise cases based simply on mere numerals
and decimal points.  
  
Having considered all the various factors in the present case, however, I
agreed with counsel that the sentence of 15 months` imprisonment was indeed
somewhat excessive. The mitigating factors present were not uncompelling.
While no restitution was made by the appellant before he was sentenced, he did
nevertheless readily admit to his offences when arrested, as well as indicate
his intention to plead guilty right from the day of his first mention in
court, thus saving the authorities much time and effort which would otherwise
have been expended in further investigation and prosecution. The appellant`s
plea of guilt in this case was also clearly not merely a tactical one for the
moneys misappropriated in this case were in the form of cold cash as a result
of which some measure of difficulty would predictably have been encountered by
the prosecution in establishing the appellant`s guilt had he chosen to claim
trial. At the same time, this was also not a case in which the appellant had
been caught red-handed in which case his surrender would have been but a mere
recognition of the knowledge that the game was up. As such, I was inclined to
the view that significant value ought to be placed on the plea of guilt in
this case. Also of some mitigating worth was the appellant`s lack of
antecedents. While the breach of trust in the present case concerned not one
isolated incident but occurred 21 times over a period of five months, the
amounts pilfered were not substantial. Admittedly, this was hardly a case in
which the accused could be called a first offender, given that he had helped
himself to the moneys 21 times. That this was the first time that he had been
caught thus appeared to me to be the more accurate phrase to describe his
situation instead. While I have no doubt that a recalcitrant offender who
repeatedly commits the same offence over and over again in spite of his
numerous previous convictions should be sentenced to the maximum punishment
prescribed by law, even if the amounts or items stolen on each occasion were
minuscule so as to take him out of circulation altogether, the present case
was not one in which such drastic action was warranted on the facts. This was
after all the appellant`s first and maiden conviction, if I may call it such,
and while the total sum of $10,485.22 taken might have been an amount that a
small enterprise like Chin Bee Trading could ill afford to lose, the amount
was in objectivity an insubstantial one when compared generally with the other
cases which have come before the court.  
  
In **Teng Lai Soon v PP** (Unreported) , for example, three separate amounts
of $33,112.86, $59,084.66 and $22,781.07 were misappropriated, yet the
sentences imposed by the High Court were a mere 14 months` imprisonment on
each of the three charges. In **Yeo Eng Wah Francis v PP** (Unreported) , cash
of $116,671.40, more than ten times the amount involved in the present case,
was misappropriated over a period of one year, for which the sentence imposed
was 24 months` imprisonment. More recently is the case of **_Gopalakrishnan
Vanitha v PP_** (supra), in which the amounts involved have already been set
out above. In that case, no restitution was made by the accused who further
claimed trial to all three charges against her. The sentence of six months`
imprisonment on the two lesser amounts and 12 months` on the largest sum
imposed by the trial court was left undisturbed by the High Court on appeal.  
  
Also worthy of comparison is the case of **PP v Asok Kumar** [1999] 4 SLR 358
. Although the actual amount misappropriated in that case was never
specifically ascertained by the court, it seemed clear that the figure fell
plainly within the hundred thousand dollar range. In addition, the respondents
in that case were also directors and thus fiduciaries who held executive
positions vis-.-vis the victim company. Moreover, they had claimed trial to
the charges against them, which charges were for the more serious offence of
CBT by an agent under s 409 of the Penal Code, an offence whose maximum
punishment of life imprisonment is significantly higher than the seven years`
maximum prescribed under s 408. Despite the patently more aggravating
circumstances, the High Court was nevertheless content to send the respondents
to jail for but a mere 12 months only.  
  
It was plain from a broad consideration of the above cases, albeit serving as
mere guidelines only, that the sentence of 15 months` imprisonment imposed in
the present case did nevertheless fall completely out of line with the
sentencing precedents laid down previously. This was especially so when all
the factors, ie the relatively insubstantial amount involved, the appellant`s
plea of guilt, his lack of antecedents as well as his lack of seniority in the
company, in this case were taken into account collectively. The DPP sought to
impress upon me that the reason why the amounts pilfered were insubstantial in
this case was because that was all that the appellant had access to in his
capacity as a sales representative. With respect, I could not accept that
argument for to do so would result in gross unfairness to the appellant, since
the state had not produced any evidence to show that the appellant would have
helped himself to any more moneys than he did had he been given access to
them. Next, while I accepted that the appellant might have abused the trust
reposed in him by his former employers in pocketing the moneys collected on
their behalf, such abuse is a factor inherent in every offence of criminal
breach of trust, the essence of which is characterised precisely by the
betrayal and disloyalty of one who has been entrusted with valuable property.
As such, it is wrong to treat an abuse of trust as an aggravating factor in
cases of criminal breach of trust. Likewise, s 408 of the Penal Code which
prescribes for the more serious offence of CBT by a servant already carries
with it a more severe maximum punishment than the offence of CBT
**_simpliciter_** under s 406. As such, the fact that the accused facing a
charge under s 408 was employed as a servant when committing the offence
should not be regarded as a further aggravating factor against him.  
  
In the light of the many strong mitigating factors highlighted above and the
absence of any severely aggravating ones, I found that the sentence of 15
months` imprisonment imposed by the district judge was clearly not
commensurate with those meted out in similar cases in the past. In the
premises, I allowed the appeal and ordered that the sentence be reduced to
nine months` imprisonment so as to ensure that it was congruent and consistent
with current sentencing practice.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal allowed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Mar 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

