Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hou Ai Hui v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGHC 238

Case Number | : | MA No 355 of 2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 August 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : | —  
Parties | : | —  
  
**Judgment:**

This was an appeal by the appellant Hou Ai Hui ("Hou"), against her conviction
and sentence by district judge Siva Shanmugam on 6 December 2000. She was
charged with the offence of abetting one Lim Choon Kit ("Lim"), a private
investigator, by instigating him to commit the offence of giving false
evidence in a stage of a judicial proceeding.

**

The Charge

**

You are charged that you, between September 1997 and the 8th day of June 1998,
in Singapore, did abet one Lim Choon Kit, a private investigator, in the
commission of an offence of fabricating false evidence for the purpose of
being used in a judicial proceeding when he swore an affidavit dated 8th June
1998 before one Loh Lee Ming, a Commissioner for Oaths, wherein was stated,
inter alia, in reference to an investigation conducted by him on the movements
of your husband, one Tan Poh Chye, that he investigated the matter between 1
March 1997 and 11 May 1997 and in connection with his investigation, he
exhibited and annexed to the affidavit a copy of the investigation report in
which he made certain false statements, following your instigation, that he
conducted surveillance on Tan Poh Chye on 8, 9, 10, 11, 14, 22 and 23 April
1997 when he did not and which, so appearing in evidence at the proceeding,
might cause the Judge to entertain an erroneous opinion touching the point
material to the result of the said proceedings, and which affidavit was filed
in the Subordinate Courts and used by you as evidence at the hearing of the
Divorce Petition No. 396 of 1998 for the dissolution of your marriage to Tan
Poh Chye, which act was committed in consequence of your abetment and you have
thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 193 read with section
109 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

2 Section 193 of the Penal Code states that the offence is punishable with
imprisonment for up to seven years, and shall also be liable to fine. The
appellant was convicted and sentenced to six months imprisonment.

**

  
The Facts

** _

The prosecutions case

_

3 The prosecutions version of the facts was based mainly on the testimony of
Lim. They adduced evidence that on 1 March 1997 the appellant engaged Lim to
conduct investigations on her husband, one Tan Poh Chye ("Mr Tan"), who was
carrying on an extra-marital affair with one Kwek Geok Moi ("Ms Kwek") at Ms
Kweks Yishun residence. Lim agreed to carry out observations on the couple for
the month of March 1997 for $ 1,500. After conducting the observations for one
month, Lim submitted his first investigation report to the appellant. Lim
testified that the appellant found the report inadequate, and asked that he
include more information. Lim agreed to do so and carried out observations on
the couple at Yishun for the month of April 1997. As Lim did not receive extra
payment for the observations in April, he only conducted surveillance
randomly. The observations in April did not produce any evidence of Mr Tans
extra-marital affair. Lim informed the appellant who then asked that he
continue to observe the couple but this time at her own matrimonial home in
Jurong West.

4 The observations at Jurong West did not disclose anything. Lim informed the
appellant accordingly. She expressed disbelief that no evidence could be
gathered and insisted that Lim continue to carry out further observations.
These further observations were also futile as they too did not yield any
evidence of the extra-marital affair.

5 Lim then submitted a new report documenting his observations on the dates in
March, April and May when he conducted surveillance and explained its contents
to her. This new report did not contain any information suggesting that Mr Tan
and Ms Kwek were involved in an extra-marital affair. Lim testified that the
appellant then informed him that she had witnesses who could testify to the
couples co-habitation in the Jurong West flat on 8, 9, 10, 11, 14, 22 and 23
April 1997 ("the material dates"). Lim accepted what the appellant had told
him and inserted the said dates and events into his investigation report
("P4") dated 28 May 1997. He then handed the amended report, P4, to the
appellants sister one Hou Yan Hui.

6 Lim further testified that he had admitted to the appellant that he had not
seen Mr Tan and Ms Kwek on the said dates. He added that had the appellant not
told him that she had witnesses who could testify to the incidences of co-
habitation, he would not have included the false entries into the report, P4.

7 It was not disputed that P4 was subsequently filed in court, via Lims
affidavit in support of the appellants divorce proceedings. Mr Tan and Ms Kwek
corroborated the testimony of Lim. They testified that they had not co-habited
at the Jurong West flat on the said dates.

_

The appellants case

_

8 The appellants case was based mainly on the appellants testimony. Her
evidence, in so far as it was material, was that Mr Tan and Ms Kwek did in
fact cohabit at the Jurong West flat on the dates in April which were stated
in P4. The appellant also denied that she had anything to do with Lims
compilation of P4 and claimed that she had no knowledge of P4 until it was
produced in court.

**

Decision of the Court below

**

9 The district judge, who had the opportunity to observe the credibility and
veracity of the witness, found the appellant to be an unreliable witness and
rejected her evidence.

10 In finding that the appellant knew and intended that P4 be relied upon and
used in her divorce proceedings, the trial judge also relied on a transcript
of a telephone conversation between the appellant and Lim ("P7") adduced by
the prosecution as compelling evidence against the appellant. He found that
the contents of P7 clearly corroborrated Lims testimony that it was the
appellant who had directed Lim to make the false statements in P4 so as to
expedite her divorce proceedings.

**

The Appeal

**

11 At the hearing before me, counsel for the appellant, Mr Spencer Gwee ("Mr
Gwee"), contended that the prosecution had failed to establish the elements of
the offence beyond a reasonable doubt. Mr Gwee also contended that the trial
judge had erred in fact by accepting the evidence of Lim and failing to
sufficiently examine the evidence and defence of the appellant. After hearing
his arguments, I found them to be of little or no merit __ and dismissed the
appeal accordingly. I now set out my reasons.

_

Unreliability of Lims testimony

_

12 As this appeal deals essentially with issues of fact, the respective
versions of the facts given by the prosecution and the appellant will
inevitably be in conflict. The trial judge is therefore tasked with deciding
whose version of the facts to believe. To this end, it is pertinent to state
the well-established principle that an appellate court should not disturb the
trial judges finding of facts unless they were clearly reached against the
weight of evidence or if they were clearly wrong. Further, where the trial
judges finding of fact was based on his assessment of the witnesses
credibility and veracity, as in the present case, the appellate court should
be even more reluctant to overturn such findings: _Lim Ah Poh v PP[1992] 1 SLR
713, Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP [1998] 3 SLR 656, Tan Hung Yeoh v PP [1999]3
SLR 93, Ng Chiew Kiat v PP [2000] 1 SLR 439_.

13 In his attempt to convince me to reject Lims testimony, Mr Gwee submitted
that Lims testimony was unreliable as he had a motive to lie. He also
submitted that the trial judge had failed to accord proper weight to the
evidence of the defence witnesses. I note that the trial judge found that Lim
had no reason to lie and implicate the appellant. He ruled that Lim quite
clearly had no interest in the outcome of the trial or the divorce proceedings
between the appellant and Mr Tan. As such, he accepted the evidence of Lim. On
the other hand, the trial judge found the appellant to be an unreliable
witness. He also held that he was unable to accept the evidence of the
appellants sister and mother in the absence of independent corroboration as
they were interested witnesses.

14 As the above allegations do not demonstrate that the trial judges finding
of facts was clearly reached against the weight of evidence or that they were
clearly wrong, I see no reason for me to overturn the trial judges finding of
facts and I accordingly accept the testimony of Lim.

_

Ingredients of the Offence

_

15 It was held in _PP v Ng Ai Tiong[2000] 1 SLR 454_**** that the offence for
instigating the fabrication of false evidence comprises four elements, each of
which must be proved beyond a reasonable doubt in order to establish
conviction. On the present facts, the ingredients of the offence were as
follow:

(i) that Lim made a false statement;  
(ii) the appellant knew the statement to be false;  
(iii) the appellant instigated Lim to make the statement; and  
(iv) the appellant intended to use the statement in her divorce proceedings.

_

  
(i) Whether Lim made a false statement

_

16 Mr Gwee contended that there was insufficient evidence to prove that the
alleged observations in P4 on the material dates were in fact false. This was
because, under cross-examination, Lim admitted that he conducted only random
observations at the Jurong West flat during the material dates in April 1997.
On top of that, Lim also admitted that he worked together with his partner,
one "Ah Chui", to conduct surveillance on Mr Tan and Ms Kwek. Sometimes they
would work independently of each other in conducting surveillance. Lim further
admitted that the report P4 was based on the observations of both himself and
Ah Chui and that he could not remember if Ah Chui was on duty on any of those
material dates in April 1997.

17 I found Mr Gwees submission that Lim had conducted surveillance on the
dates in April 1997 to be totally irrelevant. The fabrication of false
evidence lay in the fact that Lim claimed in P4 to have observed the couple
when in fact he had not done so. Lim had maintained throughout his cross-
examination that he did not _see_ the couple at all during his random
observations on the material dates in April 1997. This fact, being the crux of
the present charge, was not disputed by the appellant either before me or at
the trial below.

18 In addressing Mr Gwees submission concerning Ah Chui, I noted that Ah Chui
was not produced as a witness at the trial below. The prosecution explained
that they had no means of tracing him. They explained that Lim only knew Ah
Chui as a part-time staff, and did not have any other information on him since
he stopped work. I was satisfied with the prosecutions reasons for not
producing Ah Chui as witness. Notwithstanding that the court did not have the
benefit of Ah Chuis testimony, I found that there was no "real probability"
that Lim could have reported Ah Chuis actual observations of the couple. This
was because Lim testified that Ah Chui, being his subordinate, would always
report his observations to him. Lim, who bore the sole responsibility of
compiling the report, would then include in the report Ah Chuis account of his
observations.

_

(ii) Whether the appellant knew the statement to be false

_

19 Mr Gwee contended that the appellant did not know that the statement was
false because she knew for a fact, and had witnesses to affirm, that Mr Tan
and Ms Kwek were co-habiting on the material dates. Mr Gwee also submitted
that the trial judge did not give due weight to the appellants defence that
she did not understand the contents of P4 as her command of English was poor.
In this connection, the appellant had also testified that she did not try to
discover the contents of the report.

20 The requisite level of knowledge for this limb of the charge was met as
long as the appellant knew that Lim did not witness the events on the material
dates himself. Lim had categorically informed the court that he did not see
the couple entering or leaving the matrimonial home in Jurong on the material
dates. Lim also testified that when the appellant told him to include the
entries of the material dates in P4, he informed the appellant specifically
that he did not see the couple on those material dates. This having been
established, it was inconsequential whether Mr Tan and Ms Kwek were in fact
co-habiting on the material dates or, for that matter, that the appellant had
actually seen them engage in the act of sexual intercourse.

21 With regard to Mr Gwees contention that due weight was not accorded to the
appellants defence, I found it inconceivable that she could not have known
about the contents of P4. Her alleged ignorance of the report when she was the
one who commissioned the report in the first place flew in the face of logic.
It was unimaginable that she would not have even attempted to discover the
contents of the report when she had revealed herself to be interested and
anxious about the report to be tendered in support of her divorce proceedings.
Her claims that neither Lim nor any one of the previous three lawyers she had
engaged (including the lawyer handling her divorce) had explained the contents
of P4 to her was equally unbelievable. To this end, I concurred entirely with
the trial judges decision not to accord any weight at all to her evidence.

_

(iii) Whether the appellant instigated Lim to make the false statement

_

22 Mr Gwee contended that, apart from Lims testimony, there was no evidence to
prove that the appellant instigated Lim to make the false statements. He
pointed out that the subject matter of the conversation between the appellant
and Lim contained in the transcript, P7, did not contain any incriminating
evidence against the appellant. He submitted first that the report referred to
in the taped conversation was a report dated 28 May 1997 ("D5") and not the
alleged report put up by Lim which was subsequently altered to form P5.
Secondly, he submitted that the taped conversation "at best" revealed the
appellant taxing Lim for his failure to include the dates in March and May
1997 when she had told Lim to come down to conduct observations as the couple
was in the flat. Mr Gwee further submitted that P7 also revealed the appellant
making enquiries as to why Lim had omitted to mention the presence of her
mother at the flat on 8 April 1997.

23 The relevant parts of the conversation, translated from mandarin, are set
out below:

At page 8 of the transcript:

> _
>
> Hou: Then the last time you wrote in the report, you only wrote about the
> 10th. That is to say, I told you about the 8th of April and the 10th of
> April nights, he brought the woman here.
>
> _

At page 9 of the transcript:

> _
>
> Hou: No, you record this down now. That is on the 8th and 10th, my mother
> was around. You only wrote in the report about the 10th she was around only.
> Now I have your report in my hands.
>
> _

24 The prosecutions written submission argued that D5 could not possibly be
the report referred to in P7 for two main reasons. First, the transcript of
the conversation as set out above showed that there was at least one previous
report that did not include an entry for 8 April 1997. D5 showed that there
was an entry for 8 April 1997. Second, if the court were to accept the
appellants claim that the conversation at page 9 of the transcript (as
excerpted above) merely showed her enquiring why the presence of her mother on
8 April 1997 was not stated in D5, then it followed from a plain reading of
the excerpt that the court must also accept that D5 contained an entry dated
10 April 1997 which referred to the appellants mother. I found that the entry
in D5 for 10 April 1997 made no such reference to the appellants mother.
Instead, the entry for 10 April 1997 documented Mr Tan and Ms Kwek arriving
together at the Jurong West flat at about 12:30am.

25 Given that the authenticity of the tape recording and the accuracy of the
transcript were not in issue, it was a question of interpretation whether P7
corroborated Lims evidence. From my reading of the transcript, I accepted the
prosecutions arguments that P7 did not refer to D5. Accordingly, I agreed with
the trial judge in finding that P7 was compelling evidence which proved the
element of instigation.

_

(iv) Whether the appellant intended to use the report in support of her
divorce proceedings

_

26 Mr Gwee contended that the appellant had no motive, and therefore no
intention, to use the report in support of her divorce proceedings. This was
because she already had sufficient evidence to prove the fact of adultery in
the form of a photo of her husband cavorting with another woman in Taiwan.
Taking Mr Gwees contention to its logical conclusion, the question which
begged itself was: If the appellant had no motive to use the report because
she had sufficient evidence to prove her husbands adultery, then why did she
put herself through the trouble and cost of engaging a private investigator in
the first place?

27 Even if I were to accept that the appellant had no motive to use the
report, a lack of motive does not automatically equate to an absence of
intention. Motive is merely a test of intention. It is not an ingredient of
the offence of fabricating false evidence (see _Koh Pee Huat v PP[1996] 3 SLR
235_). Notwithstanding that the appellant admitted under cross-examination
that she intended to use P4 in her divorce proceedings, I was satisfied on the
facts that the requisite intention was established by the appellants very act
of commissioning a private investigator to conduct surveillance on her
husband.

_

Appeal on Sentence

_

28 The appellant also appealed against the sentence on the ground that it was
manifestly excessive.

29 In view of the fact that the offence under s 193 is a serious offence that
perverts and undermines the administration of justice, I found that the
sentence was not manifestly excessive. This was especially as the first limb
of s 193 strikes at the very root of the justice system that is designed to
protect society.

**

Conclusion

**

30 For the reasons set out above, I found that the prosecution had established
beyond a reasonable doubt that the appellant had directed Lim to include the
entries on 8, 9, 10, 11, 14, 22 and 23 April 1997 as eye-witness accounts when
in fact they were not.

Appeal dismissed and conviction and sentence affirmed.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW  
Chief Justice****

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Aug 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

