Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Mohamad Noor bin Abdullah  
[2001] SGHC 127

Case Number | : | CC 25/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 June 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chan Wang Ho and Edwin San [Attorney-General's Chambers] for the prosecution; Ahmad Nizam [Muzammil Nizam & Partners] (assigned) and Ramli Salehkon [Ramli & Co] (assigned) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Mohamad Noor bin Abdullah   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Decision**

1\. The accused is 26 years old and nicknamed "Eagle". He lived in a rented
flat at Woodlands. It is what is described as a "Jumbo" flat. The main door to
the flat opens to a small porch and corridor which has two entrances, each
leading to a separate flat. The conjoined flats have egress into each other by
means of a sliding door in the living room and another in the dining room. The
one in the living room in this case was blocked off by heavy furniture. The
landlord lives in one flat together with her taxi-driver husband and family.
The accused occupied the other with his girl-friend. She was not charged, and
no evidence connects her with any offence.

2\. At 9.15pm on 27 November 2000, officers from the Central Narcotics Bureau
("CNB") raided the Woodlands flat by gaining entry through the sliding door in
the dining room. The accused dashed into the toilet attached to one of the two
bedrooms. There he tried to dispose of two bags of heroin by pouring the
contents into a drain. He then resisted efforts by the CNB officers in gaining
entry into the toilet. Eventually, his resistance was overcome and he was
arrested. One of the officers scooped the heroin from the drain, first with a
spoon, and later with his hands. The contents recovered were sent for analysis
by the Department of Scientific Services and proved to be 58.83 nett gms of
diamorphine. The accused was accordingly charge with possession for the
purposes of trafficking the said diamorphine.

3\. It was not disputed that the flat was rented by the accused using the name
of his friend Roslan on 2 October 2000 at a monthly rent of $850 as described
in the tenancy agreement of that date. A deposit of two months rent was paid
by the accused.

4\. In addition to the heroin in the drain, the CNB officers also recovered a
pager, some mobile telephones, a used aluminium foil stained with heroin, a
small sachet of heroin, an improvised pipe, six slabs of Erimin 5 tablets,
three L4A tablets, a small weighing scale, a sealer, a bag containing two
types of plastic bags, a roll of aluminium foil, a straw containing heroin, a
rolled up dollar note, some cash, a packet of plastic sachets, keys to the
flat, and a drug supervisee card (described as "urine reporting card")
belonging to the accused.

5\. The accused was noticed to be suffering from drug withdrawal symptoms and
was sent to the Changi Prison Hospital for examination. He was seen by Dr.
Choo Hsiao Ho who concluded that then accused was indeed having drug
withdrawal symptoms and by the symptoms exhibited, he was of the view that the
accused was a moderate heroin abuser. The analysis of the urine specimen taken
from the accused after his arrest showed traces of mixed drug intake. The
drugs included opiates.

6\. The prosecution adduced in evidence the cautioned statement of the accused
recorded on 1 December 2000. In this statement the accused stated: "I plead
for leniency. That is all." However, after he was asked if he had any
alterations or additions, he further stated: "I have an aged mother and no one
is taking care of her. So please have mercy on me and consider my case. That
is all."

7\. In addition to the above the prosecution tendered in evidence the
investigation statements recorded from the accused on 4, 5 and 11 December
2000. In these statements the accused recounted how he came about the heroin
and how he was to dispose of it under the direction of one "Ah Chong". They
were detailed confessions of heroin trafficking activities by the accused.

8\. I was satisfied that a case had been made out against the accused and thus
called upon his defence. No submission was made in this regard by Mr. Nizam,
counsel for the accused. The accused elected to give evidence. His defence was
that the heroin seized was meant only for his own consumption. He based his
case on two main features. First, that he had a history of heroin consumption,
and secondly, that he had made enough money to buy the drugs to support his
addiction. The undisputed evidence was that the accused had been sent to drug
rehabilitation centres in 1993, 1993, 1994 and 1997. He was on regular
supervision until 30 June 2000, the date of his last report to under the
supervision programme.

9\. After the accused had given evidence the trial was adjourned for the
defence to engage an expert on the degree of the accuseds drug addiction.
However, when the trial resumed on 4 June 2001 Mr. Nizam informed the court
that no further evidence will be called and he thus closed the case for the
defence.

10\. In his closing submission, he urged me to accept that the accused was a
severe heroin addict and that the heroin seized from him were intended for his
own consumption and not for trafficking.

11\. The accused was undoubtedly a heroin addict at the time of his arrest,
and so what he had to persuade me was that the heroin in his possession was
intended for his own consumption and not for trafficking. In this regard, it
was incumbent upon him to explain the drug trafficking accessories found in
his possession. He said that he bought the weighing scale from an old man out
of pity for him. As to the plastic bag sealer, he said it had never been used.
I do not find his explanation convincing and was not persuaded. I also do not
think that the accused was such a severe addict that he required all the
heroin for himself. There was little, if any, evidence for me to conclude that
if the accused was trafficking in heroin it was only in respect of less than
15g out of the 58.83g found in his possession. On the contrary, the evidence
of drug trafficking accessories points to a larger scale trafficking activity.

12\. The defence of consumption is not an elaborate legal defence and
therefore, I would expect the accused to say so in his cautioned statement.
All he said instead, was a plea for leniency on account of his aged mother. I
see no reason why the defence of consumption could not have been stated in a
short simple line even if he was in a hurry to get the recording of the
statement over with quickly because he was feeling cold at that time as he
claimed.

13\. Similarly, I do not accept the explanation of the accused in respect of
the admissions made by him in his s 121 CPC statements. Given the length and
detail of those statements, I am unable to believe that the accused did not
intend to make them, or was in any way oblivious that he was incriminating
himself.

14\. There is insufficient evidence to persuade me that the accused was
earning a large income from selling "VCDs" although I am prepared to accept
that he may have been selling them as a side-line. The financial means of the
accused was not a pivotal issue. Even if I had accepted that he had enough
money to purchase heroin, it does not follow that the money did not come from
drug trafficking proceeds or that he was not involved in drug trafficking.

15\. In the absence of any reliable evidence I am satisfied that the
prosecution case had not been rebutted and found the accused guilty as charged
and sentenced him to suffer death.

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Jun 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

