Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Ching Ho" And Another  
[2001] SGHC 259

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 150/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 September 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Corina Song and Kok Tsung Hao (Allen & Gledhill) for the second and fourth plaintiffs; Leong Kah Wah and Derek Tan (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for the defendants   
Parties | : | —  
  
Civil Procedure – Originating processes – Writ – Extension of validity –
Grounds for extension – Non-service of writ due to plaintiffs' alleged
misinterpretation of document – Plaintiffs had had reasonable opportunities to
serve writ during its validity – Whether good reason shown for extension – O 6
r 4 Rules of Court  
  
Civil Procedure – Originating processes – Writ – Extension of validity – Ex
parte application – Non-disclosure of material facts – Whether fatal to
application  
  
Civil Procedure – Originating processes – Writ – Issue of writ against vessel
– Duty to serve promptly – Whether on-going negotiations with defendants
relieves plaintiff of duty  
  
Civil Procedure – Originating processes – Writ – Extension of validity –
Whether balance of hardship per se good reason for extension – Need for
matters constituting good reason to exist  
  

**Judgment:**

1\. This admiralty action against the vessels _‘Ching Ho’_ and _‘Chun Ho’_ is
one of five similar actions filed against those vessels on 25 April 2000. The
facts leading to the registrar’s appeal in this action which is now before me
have led to similar appeals in the other four actions and it is common ground
that the decision that I make here will be the decision for those other
appeals as well.

2\. When the writ herein was issued, four parties were named as plaintiffs .
The first plaintiffs were described as ‘The owners of cargo and/or persons
interested in and/or having rights to sue in relation to the cargo lately
laden on board the ship or vessel _‘Ching Ho’_. The second plaintiff was named
as Rimbuan Hijau General Trading Sdn Bhd (‘RHG Bhd’), a Sarawak company. The
third plaintiff was Grandsell Trading Pte Ltd, a Singapore company and the
fourth plaintiff was Bordamur Gabon, an entity existing in Gabon, West Africa.
It should be noted that each of the second, third and fourth plaintiffs is a
separate entity and as plaintiffs they are several and not joint. Only one of
them (it has not yet been established which) has the legal right to bring this
action against the defendants. The solicitors who issued the writ on behalf of
the plaintiffs were Messrs Allen & Gledhill (‘A&G’).

3\. The defendants, the owners of the two vessels, are represented by Messrs
Joseph Tan Jude Benny (‘JTJB’). JTJB were appointed to act for the defendants
by The Britannia Steamship Insurance Association Ltd (‘Britannia’), a
protection and indemnity association with which the defendants are entered. On
behalf of the defendants, JTJB have accepted service of the writ in this
action as issued by the third plaintiff. They have not accepted service of the
writ as issued by the second and fourth defendants.

4\. On 24 April 2001, A&G, having learnt that JTJB had no instructions to
accept service of proceedings issued by the second and fourth plaintiffs,
applied to court on behalf of these plaintiffs for an extension of the
validity of the writ for a period of 12 months from 25 April 2001. This
application was heard by the assistant registrar that same day and was
granted. On 14 June, the defendants applied to set aside the renewal of the
writ. Their application was heard by a senior assistant registrar on 27 July.
It was not successful and the defendants therefore lodged the present appeal.

**

Background

**

5\. In February 2000, the defendants’ vessel _‘Ching Ho’_ loaded a cargo of
sawmill accessories and logging spare parts at the port of Tanjong Manis,
Sibu, Sarawak and then set sail for Libreville, Gabon. On route, the vessel
met with very heavy weather and 25 containers of cargo were swept over board.
Other cargo was damaged. The vessel arrived at the port of destination towards
the end of March 2000.

6\. The shippers of the cargo had taken out insurance for the voyage with QBE
Insurance International Ltd. When the insurers were notified of the loss and
possible damage, they appointed a Singapore company, Insight Marine Services
Pte Ltd (‘Insight’) to investigate and deal with the cargo claims. The person
in charge in Insight was one Dan Yeo Puay Song. The first thing he did was to
instruct solicitors to issue writs against the _‘Ching Ho’_ and her sister
vessel _‘Chun Ho’_ to protect against the possibility of a change of
ownership. Since five bills of lading had been issued, five writs were taken
out. In each writ, there were three or four plaintiffs, one of whom was
described in a generic fashion, whilst the others were named specifically. The
persons named as plaintiffs were involved with goods either as shippers or
consignees.

7\. Immediately following the issue of the writs, Insight, having ascertained
that the vessels were entered with Britannia, wrote to Britannia’s local
correspondents notifying them of the plaintiffs’ claim and requesting security
for it. Mr Yeo told Britannia that Insight acted for the owners and insurers
of the goods. He did not, however, notify them at that stage that the writs
had been issued.

8\. On 10 May 2000, Britannia informed Insight that the defendants were
agreeable to providing security subject to agreement on the wording and the
quantum. Britannia also asked for a letter of authority from Insight’s
principals authorising Insight to act on their behalf. The next day, Insight
sent Britannia a draft of the wording required for the letter of undertaking.
This draft was addressed to ‘Owners of Cargo mentioned below’. Before the main
body of the letter, particulars of the vessel, voyage, cargo and all five
bills of lading were given. The first paragraph of the document began ‘In
consideration of the owners and other persons entitled to sue in respect of
the above-mentioned claims concerning the cargo referred to above (hereinafter
together referred to as "the Cargo Owners") …’. The second paragraph contained
an undertaking by Britannia to instruct solicitors to accept service of
proceedings against the _‘Ching Ho’_ within 14 days of being asked to do so.

9\. The letter of authority asked for was forwarded under separate cover. It
was issued and signed by four companies namely, I-PPON Trading Pte Ltd
(‘I-PPON’), Grandsell Trading Pte Ltd (‘Grandsell’), Wimbush Limited
(‘Wimbush’) and Pacific Barter Trade Limited (‘Pacific Barter’). At that time
Insight had not received authority to act from any other cargo interest
including the second and fourth plaintiffs.

10\. Britannia responded by forwarding a draft of the letter of undertaking
that it was prepared to provide. This draft was based on the draft provided by
Insight. In its covering letter, Britannia pointed out that the quantum was
slightly less than Insight had requested and that the only other real
amendment it had made was to provide for English law and jurisdiction to
govern the undertaking instead of Singapore law. There was one change in the
draft which Britannia did not highlight and this was that instead of being
addressed to ‘Owners of Cargo’ it was addressed as follows:

> > ‘To – Insight Marine Services Pte Ltd acting on behalf of
>>

>> I-PPON Trading Pte Ltd

>>

>> Grandsell Trading Pte Ltd

>>

>> Wimbush Limited

>>

>> Pacific Barter Trade Limited

>>

>> as owners of cargo mentioned below.’

On 16 June, Insight informed Britannia that the quantum and wording proposed
by Britannia were acceptable and asked for the letter of undertaking to be
forwarded as soon as possible. The original letter of undertaking was issued
by Britannia the same day and sent to Insight who received it on 23 June 2000.
The wording of the actual letter was identical to that of the draft which
Britannia had sent Insight.

11\. Following this, the claim made by the cargo interests (ie the various
plaintiffs in the five actions) against their insurers was adjusted and
settled by the insurers. On 18 November 2000, Insight notified Britannia of
the settlement and, on behalf of the cargo insurers, forwarded claim documents
to Britannia for their consideration. The total amount claimed was
US$1,130,586.64. Among the documents forwarded was a letter signed by the
fourth plaintiffs authorising the cargo insurers to use their name in legal
proceedings for the recovery of the loss. Similar letters signed by the third
plaintiff in Admiralty 151 of 2000, Shimmer International GE Ltd, and the
fifth plaintiff in Admiralty 152 of 2000, Societe Forestiere Et Industrielle
De Koulamdutou, were also forwarded. At that stage, there was still no
authority from RHG Bhd, the second plaintiffs herein, who are also the second
plaintiffs in Admiralty 152 of 2000.

12\. Subsequently, Insight sent Britannia several letters asking it to forward
a settlement proposal. On 3 February 2001, in one of these letters, Insight
told Britannia that if no favourable response was received within the next
seven days, it would have to recommend that its principals proceeded with
legal action. On 7 February, Britannia replied to advise Insight that the
defendants did not consider that they were responsible for the claim because
the goods had been carried on deck. More than a month later, on 28 March,
Insight asked Britannia to re-examine its case and then, in the absence of a
reply, wrote again on 9 April to inform Britannia that suit time had been
preserved and that writs had been issued in Singapore on 25 April 2000. A copy
of one of the writs was enclosed. Insight asked Britannia to nominate lawyers
in Singapore to accept service of the writ, pursuant to the undertaking since
the writs were due to expire on 24 April 2001. This was the first time that
Britannia had notice of the issue of the writs in the five actions.

13\. Britannia then appointed JTJB to handle the matter for the defendants. On
12 April, JTJB wrote to A&G stating that under the letter of undertaking,
Britannia was obliged to appoint solicitors to accept service of process
commenced by I-PPON, Grandsell, Wimbush and Pacific Barter. They noted that
these entities apart, the parties named in the writ had not been included in
the Britannia letter and asked for copies of all the writs issued so that they
would be in a position to advise Britannia whether to accept service or not.
Copies of the writs were sent over by A&G the same day. At the same time, A&G
asked JTJB to respond on the substantive issue of service by the close of the
day. Subsequently, there was a telephone conversation in which JTJB informed
A&G that in view of the intervening Easter weekend, they would not be able to
respond with Britannia’s instructions until Tuesday, 17th April or Wednesday,
18th April.

14\. By Wednesday, 18th April, nothing had been heard. A&G therefore wrote to
JTJB asking them to take instructions on amending the wording of the letter of
undertaking so that it would include the names of all cargo interests
(including the second and fourth plaintiffs) who had not been mentioned
originally. On Friday, 20 April, JTJB informed A&G that it had been instructed
to accept service of the writs insofar as they had been issued by the persons
named in the original letter of undertaking. It had further been instructed
not to agree to the amendments to that letter as proposed by A&G. As far as
this action is concerned, that reply meant that service would only be accepted
in respect of the writ as issued by the third plaintiffs.

**

Application for renewal

**

15\. As stated, on 24 April, the second and fourth plaintiffs applied for the
renewal of the writ. Mr Yeo made the affidavit in support of the application.
In it, he disclosed that the _‘Ching Ho’_ had called in Singapore during the
validity of the writ viz on 3 October 2000 and on 11 April 2001 and that the
_‘Chun Ho’_ had been here once during the validity of the writ ie on 19 March
2001. Mr Yeo affirmed that although the plaintiffs did have reasonable
opportunity to serve the writ of summons during its currency, he had always
believed that Britannia was obliged to appoint solicitors to accept service of
process of the plaintiffs’ claims.

16\. In paragraphs 34 to 37 of his affidavit, Mr Yeo stated that when he had
referred in his draft letter of undertaking to ‘The Owners and other persons
entitled to sue in respect of the above-mentioned cargo claims’ he had
intended by this to include all the parties named in the writ that had been
issued on 25 April 2000. He did not notice and never realised that the letter
only covered some of the plaintiffs and not all of them. He had only realised
this when he encountered problems with the defendants’ solicitors in April
2001 after he requested that solicitors be appointed to accept service. He
went on to say that the omission of all the names of the plaintiffs on the
letter of undertaking was clearly an oversight on his part as it would not
have made sense for Insight to have issued the writ on behalf of only some but
not all the parties named therein. Mr Yeo also said that although it was
correct that Insight did not have authority from the receivers of the cargo at
the time the letter of undertaking was issued, it would not have been
difficult to have obtained the necessary authority as the shippers and
receivers were related.

17\. Notwithstanding that assertion, in respect of RHG Bhd no letter of
authority was received until July 2001 when a letter of appointment was sent
to A&G authorising them to act for RHG Bhd in relation to the loss of this
particular cargo and agreeing that A&G was authorised to accept and act on
instructions of Insight who were the loss adjusters and recovery agents
appointed by the cargo insurers. It appears from the letter of appointment
that the first word of the fourth plaintiffs’ name is actually ‘Rimbunan’
rather than ‘Rimbuan’ as appears in the writ.

18\. It should also be noted that during the period of the initial validity of
the writ each of the vessels visited the port of Singapore twice. The _‘Ching
Ho’_ was here between Tuesday, 3 October 2000 at 2020 hours and Wednesday, 4
October 2000 at 1440 hours and again between Wednesday, 11 April 2001 at 2030
hours and Wednesday, 18 April 2001 at 2000 hours. The _‘Chun Ho’_ was here
from 1645 hours on Tuesday, 12 December 2000 to 1320 hours on Friday, 15
December 2000 and from 1500 hours on Monday, 19 March 2001 till 2200 hours the
same day. The writs could easily have been served during any of the visits
except perhaps the last visit of the _‘Chun Ho’_ in March.

**

Grounds of appeal

**

19\. The defendants had two grounds of appeal:

> > (a) that the second and fourth plaintiffs had not shown good reason for
> the renewal of the writ;
>>

>> (b) that they had failed to disclose material facts in their ex-parte
application to renew the writ.

I will deal with them in turn.

**

Good reason

**

20\. The principles that have to be applied when a judge considers whether or
not to extend the validity of a writ have been settled since 1987. They were
clearly spelt out by Amarjeet Singh JC in _The Lircay_[1997] 2 SLR 669 and I
can do no better than to quote the relevant passages of this judgment.

> > ‘ _Principles_
>>

>> 11.1 Order 6 r 4(2) of the Rules of the Supreme Court (S 274/70) states:

>>

>>> > Where a writ has not been served on a defendant, the Court may by order
extend the validity of the writ from time to time for such period, not
exceeding 12 months at any one time, beginning with the day next following
that on which it would otherwise expire, as may be specified in the order, if
an application for extension is made to the Court before that day or such
later day (if any) as the Court may allow.

>>

>> 11.2 The Court of Appeal in _Lim Hong Kan & Ors v Mohd Sainudin bin Ahmad
_[1992] 1 SLR 353 in interpreting the above rule following _The Myrto_ ;
_Kleinwort Benson Ltd v Barbrak_ _Ltd_ (No 3) [1987] 2 All ER 289 laid down
the principles to be considered in the exercise of the power. One of the
principles was that the power of extension should only be exercised for _good
reason_. Lord Brandon in _Kleinwort Benson_ had observed that it is not
possible to either define or circumscribe the scope of the expression _good
reason_ and much depended on all the circumstances of the case and hence the
application of the phrase must be left to the judge dealing with the matter.
There would be _good reason_ for instance where there was an agreement between
the parties, express or implied to defer service of the writ or where the
delay concerning the application to extend the validity of the writ was
induced or contributed by the defendant or his representative. Another salient
consideration would be the difficulty in effecting _service_ more particularly
if a defendant was evading service. In the end, it was the exercise of
_discretion_ by the court which determined whether the writ was to be
extended. In the exercise of that _discretion_ — _discretion_ that was
undefined — the judge was entitled to have regard to the balance of _hardship_
between the parties as a relevant matter to be taken into account in extending
the writ’s validity on an _ex parte_ application and further that in doing so,
the court may well need to consider whether allowing an extension will cause
_prejudice_ to the defendants in all the circumstances of the case.

>>

>> _

>>

>> Time bar

>>

>> _

>>

>> 11.3 The ambit of the rule as to an accrued right of limitation was fully
canvassed by the House of Lords in the _Kleinwort_ case. The House had
classified cases where a question of extension of a writ arose into three
categories. Lord Brandon stated:

>>

>>> > Category (1) cases are where the application for extension is made at a
time when the writ is still valid and before the relevant period of limitation
has expired. Category (2) cases are where the application for extension is
made at time when the writ is still valid but the relevant period of
limitation has expired. Category (3) cases are where the application for
extension is made at a time when the writ ceased to be valid and the relevant
period of limitation has expired. In both category (1) cases and category (2)
cases, it is still possible for the plaintiff (subject to any difficulties of
services which there may be) to serve the writ before its validity expires,
and, if he does so, the defendant will not be able to rely on a defence of
limitation. In category (1) cases, but not category (2) cases, it is also
possible for the plaintiff, before the original writ ceases to be valid, to
issue a fresh writ which will remain valid for a further 12 months. In neither
category (1) cases and category (2) cases, therefore, can it properly be said
that, at the time when the application for extension is made, a defendant who
has not been served has an accrued right of limitation. In category (3) cases,
however, it is not possible for the plaintiff to serve the writ effectively
unless its validity is first retrospectively extended. In category (3) cases,
therefore, it can properly be said that, at the time when the application for
extension is made, a defendant in whom the writ has not been served has an
accrued right of limitation.

>>>>

>>>> It would not be right, however, to regard the question whether, at the
time of the application for extension, a defendant on whom a writ has not been
served has an accrued right of limitation as the only significant factor in
relation to such extension. For, even in category (1) cases and category (2)
cases, where there is no such accrued right, the effect of an extension may
still enable a plaintiff to serve the writ which was issued before the
relevant period of limitation expired, more than 12 months after the expiry of
that period. _This necessarily involves a departure in favour of a plaintiff,
from the general rule on which a defendant is entitled to rely that a writ
against him, if it is to be effective, must be issued before the relevant
period of limitation has expired and must be served on him within 12 months of
its issue._ [Emphasis added.]

>>

>> 11.4 I may add that whilst _good reason_ is always necessary in category
(2) and (3) cases the applicant for an extension would have in addition to
justify his failure to apply for an extension before the validity of the writ
expired.’

21\. Based on the principles set out above, this case is a category (2) case
since the plaintiffs managed to have the writ renewed on the day before it
expired. Accordingly, the defendants have no accrued right of limitation and
have not been deprived of any advantage by reason of the renewal. The case
turns on whether good reason to renew has been established. I should also add
that as Lord Brandon himself made clear in the case of _Waddon v Whitecroft-
Scovill Ltd_[1988] 1 All ER 996 in which he explained the decision in
_Kleinwort_ , balance of hardship does not of itself constitute good reason
for extending the validity of the writ. It is only where there are matters
which could, potentially at least, constitute good reason for extension that
balance of hardship might be a relevant consideration in deciding whether an
extension should be granted or refused: see p 1003 of that judgment.

22\. The plaintiffs did not deny that they had had reasonable opportunity to
serve the writ on either the _‘Ching Ho’_ or the _‘Chun Ho’_ during the year
that elapsed from its issue. The reason why they did not do so was Mr Yeo’s
belief that Britannia had undertaken to appoint solicitors to accept
proceedings started by all the plaintiffs. Mr Yeo affirmed that he had not
realised when he received the signed letter of undertaking that it was
addressed only to the four parties who had given him letters of authority. His
position was that all along he was representing all cargo interests since he
had been appointed by the cargo insurers and therefore his intention had been
to protect all such parties. It was submitted on the plaintiffs’ behalf that a
genuine mistake such as that made by Mr Yeo would constitute good reason to
renew the writ.

23\. The defendants argued that it was well settled that a mistake by the
plaintiffs, their agents or solicitors resulting in a failure to effect
service within the time limited was not a good reason for renewal of the writ.
For example, in _Official Receiver, Liquidator of Jason Textile Industries Pte
Ltd v QBE Insurance (International) Ltd_[1989] 1 MLJ 1, it was held that it
was not a good reason for renewal that the plaintiffs’ solicitors had given
erroneous advice that service should be withheld pending the results of CID
investigations whilst in _Singh v Duport Harper Founderies Ltd_[1994] 2 All ER
889, the erroneous belief of the plaintiff’s solicitors’ employee that a writ
could only be properly served if accompanied by a medical report was found not
to be a good reason. Even the temporary loss of the files by the plaintiffs’
solicitors has been held not to justify the exercise of discretion in favour
of renewal: see _New Ching Kee v Lim Ser Hock_[1975] 2 MLJ 183.

24\. The plaintiffs contended that the circumstances of this case were
different from those cited by the defendants. They relied instead on _Jones v
Jones_[1970] 2 QB 576 where a writ issued against two defendants and served on
one was not served on the other due to a misinterpretation of the rules of
court by the plaintiffs’ solicitor. He construed the relevant rule to mean
that once the writ had been served on one defendant within 12 months, it was
still valid for service on the other after the expiry of the 12 months. The
Court of Appeal considered that the misinterpretation, although a wrong view
of the procedural rule in question, was a view which any trained lawyer could
reasonably take and therefore upheld the conclusion of the judge below who
found that there was good and sufficient reason to extend the time for service
of the writ upon the second defendant. In my view, that was an extreme case
since it was considered that the misinterpretation was a reasonable
construction of the rule. The situation here is not as ambiguous since the
letter of undertaking was plainly addressed to only four parties and it would
have been obvious to anyone who read the document (it only contained two
paragraphs) that the undertaking was given in consideration of those parties
not taking any action to arrest the vessels and that the undertaking to
appoint solicitors to accept service was given in respect of those parties
only.

25\. After the hearing, when I indicated I would reserve judgment, the
plaintiffs were able to find another authority which they submitted supported
their position on mistake. This is _Cheltenham & Gloucester Plc v Moore Manton
(A Firm) & Ors_ (an unreported decision of the English Court of Appeal
delivered on 23 June 1998). That case concerned an action against a valuer, Mr
Foggo, who was alleged to have negligently over-valued a property. At the time
the action was started, Mr Foggo had died. The writ was issued on 24 April
1997, just within the limitation period. Notwithstanding that the plaintiffs’
solicitors had previously written to the executors of Mr Foggo’s estate,
notifying them of their clients’ claim, when they issued the writ they
erroneously named Mr Foggo as the defendant rather than naming his executors
as defendants. The mistake was only discovered after the writ had been served
on the executors. The writ was valid for service for a period of four months.
It would have expired on 24 August 1997 but on 21 August, the plaintiffs
applied ex-parte for orders to substitute the executors as the defendants in
the proceedings and to extend time for serving the writ. Both orders were
granted. The executors then appealed.

26\. In the Court of Appeal, the judge’s decision on both applications was
upheld. In relation to the extension of the writ, Bingham CJ, observed:

> > ’27. We have paid attention of course to those arguments advanced by
> counsel, and I have already made reference to the judge’s reasons for
> regarding the case as one which in which there was good reason to extend the
> period of validity. In my judgment the case was at best very close to the
> borderline and a number of the facts to which the judge made reference would
> not in any ordinary case suffice to justify the grant of additional time.
>>

>> 28\. Counsel for the plaintiffs has, however, submitted that the facts of
this case were quite extraordinary and it seems to me that there is
considerable material upon which he can so submit. The executors had been very
clearly and explicitly notified of this claim. The solicitors had delayed
after issuing the writ for a period before serving it, since they wished to
know the quantum of their claim before serving the writ. It was not necessary
for them to know that quantum, nor was reference made to quantum in the writ.
But it seems to me that this was not an irrational ground for delay. The
executors were told of the impending issue of the writ and Mr Newby, a
solicitor, expressed willingness to accept service. They had been told that
the writ would be served shortly and it was, in fact, served on them well
within the period. They replied, saying they had not been correctly
identified, but there was some delay before they gave that answer. That is not
a matter of criticism of them. As counsel points out, they need not have
answered at all. But it was that period of delay which contributed to the need
to obtain an extension. It is also a very unusual, if not unique, feature of
this case that the personal representatives were actually in possession of the
writ at the time when the application was made. It is difficult to imagine a
case in which there was less misleading. At the time when application was made
to the judge, there was still time to effect personal service. It was however
a more expensive exercise to effect personal service during the time which
remained and in many ways effecting postal service on a firm of solicitors
would seem more appropriate. It has not been suggested that there was any
prejudice in the extended period. Had the judge refused the extension it seems
to me almost certain that the executors would still have been served and their
position would not have been improved, although counsel suggests (and he must
be right) that one cannot be certain that personal service would have been
effected in time.

>>

>> 29\. On the unusual and extraordinary facts of this case it seems to me
that the judge was entitled to conclude that good reason had been shown for
not serving sooner and for granting the extension. It has been pointed out
that he did not expressly consider the discretionary matters which might have
weighed for or against granting an extension, but in my judgment these
considerations were overwhelmingly in favour of making the order which he did.
Counsel submits that that order deprived the executors of an accrued
limitation defence, but in my judgment they had no such defence and had the
judge refused an extension they would still not have had such a defence.’

27\. Lord Justice Judge who agreed with the judgment of Bingham CJ made a
point of adding that the _Cheltenham & Gloucester _case remained ‘close to the
line which must be drawn between cases in which it can be properly
demonstrated that good reason for extending the validity of the writ under
Order 6, rule 8 has or has not been demonstrated’. He added that because of
the unusual facts it would not be appropriate to interfere with the judge’s
conclusion which he shared though as he said ‘not without some degree of
hesitation’.

28\. From the above, it can be seen that the facts of _Cheltenham &
Gloucester_ were really _sui generis_. The writ had been issued and had
actually been served within time. It was in the hands of the executors at the
time the application for extension was made. The writ could have been amended
and served within the period of its original validity but this would have
resulted in expense. If the application to extend the writ had been refused,
the amended writ could probably still have been served on the executors within
time. There was no prejudice to the executors who were fully aware of the
claim and who had been informed of the impending issue of the writ. Further,
the need for the extension of the validity of the writ was the error in the
description of the defendant. The writ had been served within time on the
correct party (ie the personal representatives of Mr Foggo) but since Mr Foggo
instead of the executors was named as the defendant, the plaintiffs needed to
amend the writ and re-serve it. The mistake that had been made therefore was
one as to the manner in which the defendant should have been described in the
writ and was not a mistake as to when and how the writ was to be served. Yet,
with all those extenuating factors, the two judges of appeal who expressed
their opinions on the case still considered it to be close to the borderline
and were somewhat hesitant in agreeing with the decision of the judge at first
instance.

29\. The mistake in the present case was not a mistake in identification of
the defendants. It was a mistake as to the manner in which the writ had to be
served in that Mr Yeo assumed that Britannia had agreed to appoint solicitors
to accept service on behalf of all the plaintiffs. On the facts here, I have
considerable doubt whether there was a genuine mistake or whether Mr Yeo was
simply careless and at some time overlooked the fact that only four parties
were covered by the letter of undertaking, a fact which he would have been
well aware of when the letter was issued.

30\. Insight was appointed by the cargo insurers to adjust the cargo claims
and settle them. The company is in the business of investigating and adjusting
cargo claims. Mr Yeo, a director of the company, is therefore a professional
claims handler and is fully aware of the limitation periods that govern cargo
claims and the fact that claims against vessels can be defeated by a change in
ownership. He would also be apprised of the fact that admiralty writs in this
jurisdiction are valid for a period of only one year unless renewed and that
renewal is not automatic but based on good reason. As professional claims
handlers appointed by insurers before settlement of the claim by the insurers,
Insight must have been aware that its authority to represent the shippers and
receivers of cargo could not come from the insurers but had to come from these
parties themselves. This knowledge was reflected in the response to the
request to Insight from Britannia for ‘a letter of authority from your
principals authorising you to act on their behalf’. Mr Yeo complied by
forwarding what he described as ‘the required letter of authority from the
shippers’. He did not forward the letter of appointment from the insurers. It
is clear that he knew at that time that he was only authorised to act for
these four parties who were shippers and that he was not authorised to act for
any of the receivers nor other parties who might have been involved as
shippers.

31\. The position was, therefore, that at the time the letter of undertaking
was issued, Insight was aware that it was authorised to act only for the four
parties named in the letter. It is difficult for me to accept that Mr Yeo was
not aware of the changes made to the manner in which the addressees of the
letter were described. It is not as if Britannia simply sent him its issued
letter for retention. Instead, the draft incorporating its proposed amendments
was sent to him for his review and approval and only after such approval was
received, was the letter issued and signed. The description of the persons to
whom the letter is addressed appears right at the beginning of this short
document. The original description drafted by Mr Yeo ie ‘To: Owners of cargo
mentioned below’ occupied only one line. The amended description occupied six
lines as can be seen from the quotation in 10 above. The changes made appear
to me to be so glaring that they could not possibly have been overlooked. If
Mr Yeo truly did not notice the change in addressees this could only have been
because what had been done reflected what he knew to be the position at the
time ie that Insight was acting on behalf of those four named parties and not
on behalf of any one else and thus there was nothing amiss that would draw his
attention.

32\. During all the initial correspondence between Insight and Britannia on
the questions of security and service, Insight was aware that writs had been
issued naming many parties as plaintiffs. Mr Yeo did not, however, disclose
this fact to Britannia at any time up to April this year. Even when he
received authority from more parties (including the fourth plaintiffs herein
though not the second), he did not disclose the existence of the writs to
Britannia. Nor did he take any steps to either procure letters of undertaking
covering these parties or to serve the writs against the vessels though
Insight must have been informed of their movements since, as counsel informed
me, professional ship-watchers had been employed to keep track of the two
ships.

33\. It has been long established that it is the duty of a plaintiff who
issues a writ to serve it promptly or, in the case of a writ against a vessel,
as promptly as possible bearing in mind the vessel’s movements. Plaintiffs are
not excused from this duty by the existence of on-going negotiations with the
prospective defendants unless there has been an agreement to that effect
between the parties. In this case, it was clear from 7 February 2001 that
Britannia was not disposed to settle the plaintiffs’ claim. Whilst Insight
should have procured the service of the writ on behalf of those parties who
were not included in the letter of undertaking before February 2001, once it
became obvious that it was unlikely that an out of court settlement could be
achieved whilst the writ was still valid, Insight should have taken steps to
serve the writ immediately. If Insight had asked Britannia at that stage to
nominate solicitors to accept service, Mr Yeo would have discovered his
mistake earlier and been able to serve the writ on the _‘Ching Ho’_ during its
April visit if he missed the _‘Chun Ho’_ during its short stay in March.

34\. The events that took place in April 2001 appear to me to show that
Insight had, rather belatedly, realised that effecting service of the writ was
an urgent matter. It would be recalled that in the letter of undertaking,
Britannia had 14 days within which to nominate solicitors to accept service.
Thus to ask them for such nomination on 9 April, when the writ was due to
expire on 24 April, was cutting matters extremely fine. I do not think that
the fact that it was only on 20 April that JTJB confirmed that it would not
accept service of process issued by the persons who were not named in the
letter of undertaking can be a matter for which the defendants can be blamed.
There was no obligation on the defendants to respond earlier. Bearing in mind
that copies of all the writs were only given to JTJB on 12 April, the
intervening Easter holidays and the fact that the action was in Singapore
whilst Britannia was handling the matter from London and the defendants’
themselves were located in Taiwan, no malicious intent can be read into the
lapse of time. This is not a case where the delay in serving the writ was
induced or contributed to by the defendants or their representatives.

35\. During the oral argument, I indicated to counsel that I did not consider
that good reason for extending the validity of the writ in this case had been
established by the plaintiffs. I reserved judgment because counsel for the
plaintiffs made an impassioned plea that the plaintiffs not be penalised for
what she described as a ‘genuine mistake’. The opportunity of considering the
matter further has, however, confirmed me in my original opinion. There was no
good reason to extend the writ when it was possible to serve it on several
occasions during its validity and the explanation for non-service was the
alleged misinterpretation of a document that did in fact speak clearly for
itself. There have been many cases where the neglect of a solicitor has been
called in aid of applications for renewal of a writ. In very few of those
cases have the plaintiffs been successful. _Jones v Jones_ was a rare
exception. Although Insight is not a law firm, it is a professional claims
adjuster and handler and Mr Yeo should have had no difficulty in properly
interpreting the letter of undertaking and taking the appropriate action with
regard to the service of the writ.

**

Non-disclosure

**

36\. The defendants contended that the plaintiffs had failed to disclose
material facts in their ex-parte application to renew the writ of summons.
They submitted that the plaintiffs had failed to disclose:

> > (1) that the fact that a writ had been issued in Singapore in the names of
> the second plaintiff and fourth plaintiff was revealed to Britannia and/ or
> the defendants only on 9 April 2001;
>>

>> (2) that nowhere in the documents produced by the plaintiffs was there any
evidence to show that Insight was authorised to represent RHG Bhd;

>>

>> (3) that the vessels _‘Ching Ho’_ and _‘Chun Ho’_ had called in Singapore
on a total of four occasions; and

>>

>> (4) the length of the vessels’ stay each time.

37\. In my view, items (3) and (4) were not material. The plaintiffs had
disclosed that the vessels had been in Singapore a total of three times and
that they had had reasonable opportunity to serve the writ. That being the
case, it was not necessary for them to state the exact length of the vessels’
stay each time and the omission to mention the fourth occasion was immaterial.

38\. As regards the first item, it was clear from Insight’s letter to
Britannia on 9 April 2001 asking the latter to appoint solicitors that this
was the first time that Britannia had been informed of the issue of the writs.
This letter was exhibited as part of Mr Yeo’s affidavit in support of the
renewal application. Although Mr Yeo did not draw attention to this fact in
the body of his affidavit, the letter itself was referred to by A&G during the
course of the argument before the assistant registrar who, on reading the
letter, would have realised the position. I do not consider that there was any
non-disclosure.

39\. The situation regarding the second item is, however, different. It was an
important fact that at the time of the application for renewal neither Insight
nor A&G had received any letter of authority from RHG Bhd authorising the
issue, let alone the renewal, of this writ. If the assistant registrar had
known that A&G did not have the necessary authority at that time, I am sure
that he would have considered himself obliged to dismiss the application
insofar as it related to RHG Bhd, the second plaintiff. I consider that the
non-disclosure of this fact was material.

**

Conclusion

**

40\. For the reasons given above, I am allowing the appeal and setting aside
the renewal of the writ herein. The same order will be made for the appeals in
the other actions. I will hear the parties on the appropriate costs order.

**JUDITH PRAKASH  
JUDGE  
SINGAPORE**

Date: 4 September 2001

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Sep 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

