Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Global Energy (Asia) Pte Ltd v McGraw-Hill Companies Inc Trading as Platt's  
[2001] SGHC 247

Case Number | : | Suit 1058/2000/Z, RA 120/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 August 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alvin Yeo, S C , with Tay Peng Cheng (Wong Partnership) for the defendants/appellants; Vijay Parwani (Madhavan Partnership) for the plaintiffs/respondents   
Parties | : |  Global Energy (Asia) Pte Ltd — McGraw-Hill Companies Inc Trading as Platt's   
  
**Judgment:**

1 This is the Defendants’ appeal against the decision of an Assistant
Registrar dismissing their application for a Further and Better List of
Documents.

_

_

_THE BACKGROUND_

2 The Plaintiffs are in the bunkering business and provides shipping and
marine logistics to the marine industry. They are part of the Global Group
comprising 12 companies, of which three are fully owned by the Plaintiffs. The
Plaintiffs are shareholders in the other companies. The Global Group owns and
manages 14 bunker tankers with three such vessels under the direct ownership
of the Plaintiffs.

3 The Plaintiffs’ paid-up capital is $5.125 million. They have representative
offices in Iran, Dubai and Hong Kong and have joint-venture partners in
Malaysian and the Netherlands.

4 The Defendants are a specialist energy market reporting company of the
McGraw-Hill Companies, reporting on the international energy market for the
last 75 years.

5 On 7 September 2000, the Defendants published the following news release:

> > "Singapore’s Global Energy to sell 2 bunker barges
>>

>> Singapore (Platt’s) – 7Sep2000/353 am EDT/753 GMT

>>

>> Global Energy, a Singapore-based bunker supplier is planning to sell two
bunker barges, industry sources said Thursday. The barges which are up for
sale include the 1,600mt "Star Progress" and the 4,000mt "Global Excellence",
said sources. The 26-year oil Star Progress is a Category B barge, which will
be obsolete by end-2000. Singapore’s Maritime Port Authority requires all
bunker barges in Singapore waters to comply with Category A conditions which
are a list of efficiency and operational standards set by MPA. Category B
barges will not be allowed to operate in Singapore by Jan 2001. A high-sea
bunker supplier was said to be keen to buy "Star Progress". Sources said
Global Energy is selling the barges due to cash-flow problems. But will
charter her on spot basis. Global officials declined to comment.

>>

>> \--Platt’s Global Alert--"

6 The Plaintiffs claimed the above news release’s assertion that they were
"selling the barges due to cash-flow problems" was malicious and false because
at no time did they offer to sell their flagship "Global Excellence" and the
"Star Progress" was only offered for sale to comply with the Maritime Port
Authority’s requirements. The Plaintiffs averred that their business
reputation and credit had been severely injured by the defamatory news release
which meant that the Plaintiffs:

> > (1) were selling their barges because they were insolvent and/or
> temporarily insolvent;
>>

>> (2) had inadequate funds to meet their day to day operations and were
planning to close down their business;

>>

>> (3) were unable to meet their financial obligations as and when they fell
due; and

>>

>> (4) did not have sufficient financial standing to obtain credit lines to
meet their financial obligations and had to resort to selling off their barges
to raise funds.

7 The Defendants admitted publishing the words in question but denied defaming
the Plaintiffs. They pleaded the defences of justification and qualified
privilege.

8 The Plaintiffs then applied for particulars of the defence of justification.
The Defendants filed their particulars on 30 March 2001, pleading that the
Plaintiffs had suffered losses, _inter alia_ , in their trading activities in
the Middle East and Malaysia and had offered the barges for sale and/or sale
and lease back through a ship broker named Thome & Partners for funds to ease
their cash flow difficulties. The Defendants stated that those were the best
particulars pending discovery.

9 The Plaintiffs then applied by SIC 874/2001/B for further particulars. On 27
April 2001, an Assistant Registrar ordered further particulars to be furnished
within 10 days of discovery and inspection.

10 On 4 May 2001, at a Pre-Trial Conference, the Registrar directed the
parties to file their respective lists of documents by 18 May 2001 and to
complete inspection of documents by 25 May 2001, failing which the action be
dismissed with costs or the defence be struck out and judgment be entered for
the Plaintiffs with costs.

11 On 17 May 2001, the Plaintiffs filed their list of documents and served it
on the Defendants’ solicitors the next day. The documents listed by the
Plaintiffs as being in their possession, custody or power were:

> > "_**S/N**_ _**DATE**_ _**DOCUMENTS**_
>>

>> 1\. 07.09.2000 Copy of the Defendants’ news alert

>>

>> 2\. 08.09.2000 Copy of the Defendants’ news alert

>>

>> 3\. 04.10.2000 Copy of the Plaintiffs’ solicitors letter to the Defendants

>>

>> 4\. 10.10.2000 Copy of the Defendants’ letter to the Plaintiffs’ solicitors

>>

>> 5\. 30.10.2000 Copy of the Plaintiffs’ solicitors to the Defendants

>>

>> 6\. 31.10.2000 Copy of the Defendants’ letter to the Plaintiffs’ solicitors

>>

>> 7\. - Copy of the ROC Search on the Plaintiffs

>>

>> 8\. - Copy of the ROC Search on the Defendants

>>

>> 9\. - Copy of an extract from the Defendants web-page from the Internet

>>

>> 10\. - Various correspondence between the Plaintiffs’ solicitors and the
Defendants’ solicitors"

12 The Defendants’ solicitors were of the view that the discovery by the
Plaintiffs were incomplete and therefore wrote the following letter dated 22
May 2001 to the Plaintiffs’ solicitors:

> > "Upon a review of your clients’ List of Documents and the pleadings, we
> are of the view that your clients’ discovery is incomplete. In particular,
> it is apparent that your clients would be in possession, control and/or
> power of the following documents (which are clearly of relevance to the
> issues in this matter), but which have not been disclosed:
>>

>>> > a. All accounting documents of the Global Group of Companies ("Global")
for the financial years 1998, 1999 and 2000, including but not limited to the
audited accounts, management accounts, general ledgers, cashflow statements,
balance sheets and profit and loss accounts, whether done on a monthly basis
or any period greater than a month;

>>>>

>>>> b. All accounting documents of Global for the financial years 1998, 1999
and 2000 in relation to Global’s business activities in Malaysia, Middle East,
Netherlands, Iran, Dubai, and Hong Kong, including but not limited to the
management accounts, general ledgers, cashflow statements, balance sheets and
profit and loss accounts, whether done on a monthly basis or any period
greater than a month.

>>>>

>>>> c. All documents, notes, correspondence and memoranda in respect of
and/or in connection with Global’s contacts with Thome & Partners in 2000 (if
any);

>>>>

>>>> d. All documents, notes, correspondence and memoranda in respect of
and/or in connection with any inquiries or attempts relating to the sale, sale
and leaseback and/or disposal in any other manner of the vessels "Star
Progress" (or "Dunia Bintang") and/or "Global Excellence";

>>>>

>>>> e. All documents, notes, correspondence and memoranda in respect of
and/or in relation to the change of name of the vessel "Star Progress" to
"Dunia Bintang".

>>

>> Without limiting the reasons for the relevance of the aforesaid categories
of documents, we would state that the aforesaid documents are clearly relevant
from an examination of the pleadings, what transpired in various applications
before the Court, and what had been stated in the Affidavit of your Mr Vijai
Parwani filed on 17 April 2001.

>>

>> Your clients are well aware that our clients would be providing further
particulars of the Answers filed on 30 March 2001, within 10 days after the
completion of discovery and inspection. Your clients are further aware that
the order was made by the learned Assistant Registrar on the basis inter alia
that the particulars would be contained in the discovery to be made available
by your clients. Your clients’ failure to provide complete discovery is thus
prejudicial to our clients, particularly in the light of the obvious relevance
of the requested documents.

>>

>> In the circumstances, please let us know, by the _close of business on 23
May 2001_ , whether your clients will be providing the Further and Better
Discovery as requested. If your clients are unable to furnish any of the said
documents, please do let us know with reasons.

>>

>> …."

13 The Plaintiffs’ solicitors replied on 23 May 2001 stating that it was
evident the Defendants were "going on a fishing expedition", that the
Plaintiffs had completed their obligations for discovery and demanding that
the Defendants comply with the Order of Court made on 27 April 2001 by 28 May
2001, failing which they would apply to Court to strike out the Defence.

_SIC 1230/2001/F_

14 On 1 June 2001, the Defendants applied by way of SIC 1230/2001/F for the
following orders:

> > > > "1 that the Plaintiffs do within three (3) days of the order herein
> file and serve a Further and Better List of Documents comprising documents
> requested by the Defendants’ solicitors through their letter of 22 May 2001,
> and allow inspection of the documents listed therein within seven (7) days
> thereafter,
>>>>

>>>> 2 that unless the Plaintiffs’ Further and Better List of Documents is
filed within the time stipulated herein, the Plaintiffs’ claim do stand
dismissed with costs to the Defendants;

>>>>

>>>> 3 that the time for the Defendants to comply with the Order of Court
dated 27 April 2001 be extended to ten (10) days after the completion of the
further discovery and inspection herein, and

>>>>

>>>> 4 that the costs of this application be paid by the Plaintiffs to the
Defendants."

 __

THE DEFENDANTS’ AFFIDAVIT IN SUPPORT

15 In the affidavit filed in support of this application, the Defendants’
solicitors stated that the Defendants would not be in a position to furnish
the particulars ordered on 27 April 2001 without the documents requested by
them. They asserted that such documents should be in the Plaintiffs’
possession, custody or power and were documents which:

> > > > (1) the Plaintiffs would have to rely on in the trial;
>>>>

>>>> (2) could adversely affect or support the case of the Plaintiffs or the
Defendants; or

>>>>

>>>> (3) could lead the Defendants on a train of inquiry resulting in the
Defendants obtaining information which may adversely affect the case of the
Defendants or the Plaintiffs.

16 The Defendants claimed that the accounting documents of the Global Group
for 1998, 1999 and 2000 were clearly relevant in establishing the financial
position of the Plaintiffs in the months leading up to the publication of the
news release in September 2000 and whether the Plaintiffs were experiencing
cash flow problems which necessitated the disposal of the two vessels. The
Plaintiffs would have to rely on those documents to establish their own case
on their financial position.

17 Where the second category of documents was concerned, the Defendants said
they had pleaded in their particulars of 30 March 2001 that the Plaintiffs
suffered losses in their trading activities in Malaysia and the Middle East
and that the sale of the vessels was to ease the cash flow problems. These
documents would be relevant in establishing the financial results of the
business activities in the areas in question and whether these had resulted in
cash flow problems to the Plaintiffs. The Plaintiffs would have to rely on
these documents to establish their own case on their financial position.

18 For the third and fourth categories of documents, the Plaintiffs had
admitted there were attempts to sell the vessel "Star Progress" (renamed
"Dunia Bintang") but had disclosed no documents relating to the sale. They
would need to rely on these documents to support their own plea as to the
purpose of the sale of this vessel. It was usual for sale of vessels to be
effected through the assistance of a ship broker. If the Plaintiffs had
effected the sale of the "Star Progress" through Thome & Partners, it would
not be unreasonable to expect that the documents relating to contacts with
Thome & Partners or another party would be in the possession, custody or power
of the Plaintiffs.

19 Although the Plaintiffs had denied any attempt to sell the "Global
Excellence", if they had documents relating to such disposal, they were
obliged to disclose them.

20 The documents in these two categories would enable the Defendants to
determine whether there were attempts at disposal of the two vessels and, if
so, to embark on a train of inquiry as to the purpose of such disposal.

21 The last category of documents concerned the change of name of "Star
Progress" to "Dunia Bintang". The Plaintiffs in their Reply pleaded that if
the Defendants were diligent in their reporting, they would have also realized
that the name of the vessel had already been changed in January 2000. No
document on such change of name was disclosed by the Plaintiffs who would have
to show that the change took place in January 2000. These documents would also
enable the Defendants to establish whether such change had taken place and to
embark on a train of inquiry as to the purpose for such change.

 __

THE PLAINTIFFS’ AFFIDAVIT IN OPPOSITION

22 The Plaintiffs alleged that the Defendants had failed to mention that their
list of documents was just as bare as the Plaintiffs’ was said to be . The
Defendants had no basis to say that the Plaintiffs were insolvent or were
having cash-flow problems or that they had engaged the services of Thome &
Partners. They also had no basis in alleging that the Plaintiffs suffered
losses in the Middle East or any part of the world and that they were even
attempting to sell the "Global Excellence", let alone doing that through Thome
& Partners.

23 The documents pertaining to the purpose of the change of name were not
relevant. Although the Plaintiffs had alleged that the Defendants lacked
diligence in reporting, their claim was for libel and not negligence. In any
event, the Defendants published another report on 21 March 2001 in which they
referred to the vessel by its correct name, thereby showing that they realized
that the first report had referred to the vessel by its former name.

 __

THE ASSISTANT REGISTRAR’S DECISION

24 On 8 June 2001, the Assistant Registrar dismissed the Defendants’
application for further and better discovery. He then dealt with the
Plaintiffs’ application in SIC 1254/2001 which sought to strike out paragraph
8 of the Defence (on justification). He denied the application, ordering that
the Defendants comply with the Order of Court dated 27 April 2001 by 15 June
2001, in default of which the said paragraph 8 be struck out. The Assistant
Registrar ordered costs fixed at $1,500 in respect of both applications to be
paid by the Defendants to the Plaintiffs.

_

THE DEFENDANTS’ APPEAL AND MY DECISION

_

25 Before me, Counsel for the Defendants stated that he was not asking for the
documents in the second category as they would be subsumed in the first.
Similarly, he conceded that the third category of documents ought to be
subsumed in the fourth. He argued that the Plaintiffs were an exempt private
limited company and their accounts were not available to the public. The
Defendants were therefore entitled to their accounting documents. He conceded,
however, that the Defendants’ request was rather too wide and was content to
leave out the documents for 1998. As for the fifth category relating to the
change of name, he argued that this issue was one of the particulars of malice
alleged by the Plaintiffs and the Defendants were entitled to such documents
because of their Defence of qualified privilege.

26 Order 24 rule 1 of the Rules of Court provides:

> > "**Order for discovery (O. 24, r. 1)**
>>

>> 1\. (1) Subject to this Rule and Rules 2 and 7, the Court may at any time
order any party to a cause or matter (whether begun by writ, originating
summons or otherwise) to give discovery by making and serving on any other
party a list of the documents which are or have been in his possession,
custody or power, and may at the same time or subsequently also order him to
make and file an affidavit verifying such a list and to serve a copy thereof
on the other party.

>>

>> (2) The documents which a party to a cause or matter may be ordered to
discover under paragraph (1) are as follows:

>>

>>> > > > (a) the documents on which the party relies or will rely; and

>>>>>>

>>>>>> (b) the documents which could –

>>>>>>

>>>>>> (i) adversely affect his own case;

>>>>>>

>>>>>> (ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

>>>>>>

>>>>>> (iii) support another party’s case.

>>

>> (3) An order under this Rule may be limited to such documents or classes of
documents only, or to only such of the matters in question in the cause or
matter, as may be specified in the order."

27 Order 24 rule 2 concerns determination of an issue or question before
discovery and is not relevant to the case here. Order 24 rule 7 mandates that
discovery is to be ordered only if necessary. It states:

> > "7. On the hearing of an application for an order under Rule 1, 5 or 6,
> the Court may, if satisfied that discovery is not necessary, or not
> necessary at that stage of the cause or matter, dismiss or, as the case may
> be, adjourn the application and shall in any case refuse to make such an
> order if and so far as it is of opinion that discovery is not necessary
> either for disposing fairly of the cause or matter or for saving costs."

28 In _Business Software Alliance & Ors v S M Summit Holdings Ltd & Anor_
[2000] 2 SLR 733, the Defendants in the libel action there filed two
applications for a further and better list of documents and specific discovery
of certain documents from the Plaintiffs. At paragraph 33 of the judgment, the
Court of Appeal said:

> > > > "33. We now come to the documents the defendants seek from the
> plaintiffs. The question is whether the documents sought satisfy the test of
> relevancy. …"

The Court of Appeal then dealt with the _Peruvian Guano Co case_ [1882 – 83]
11 QBD 55 and _McDonald’s Corp. & Anor v Steel & Anor_ [1995] 3 AER 616 and
continued (at paragraphs 35 and 36):

> > "35. Mr Elias submits that the requirements set out above are satisfied on
> the facts. The particulars of justification state that Summit CD ‘habitually
> accepted, processed and delivered orders for stampers and CD-Roms’ from the
> alleged software pirates. These particulars were pleaded on the basis of the
> information provided by Pan and Shi and were therefore well grounded. The
> defendants are therefore entitled to discovery of documents to substantiate
> what they have pleaded.
>>

>> 36\. We are unable to accept this argument. Whilst the particulars of
justification do clearly refer to dealings with the alleged software pirates,
this alone does not give the defendants carte blanche to empty the plaintiffs’
filing cabinets. In defamation actions the _**Peruvian Guano**_ principle is
subject to the well established rule that a defendant is not permitted to
mount a fishing expedition through the discovery process in the hope of
finding something to justify his libellous words. The documents in category
(1) are described as ‘All the invoices, sales orders, delivery orders and/or
correspondence’ of Summit CD relating to the alleged software pirates. That is
a remarkably wide class of documents which would encompass any letter or note
on any matter whatsoever between Summit CD and the alleged pirates. The lack
of specificity in this regard can only lead us to infer that, in fact, the
defendants have no knowledge of any particular transactions which would
substantiate their plea of justification. That being the case, they are
clearly trying to empty the cupboards in the hope of finding something to
substantiate their plea. This amounts to a fishing expedition. We do not read
_**McDonald’s**_ case as saying that by merely pleading that a particular fact
is true, a defendant in a libel action is entitled to obtain by discovery all
the plaintiffs’ documents to see whether there is anything in them to sustain
the plea. All that case says is that a plea of justification will not be
struck out before the trial on the basis that there is no ‘clear and
sufficient’ evidence to sustain it, as some previous authorities seemed to
suggest. In any event, that case did not concern the issue of relevancy of the
documents sought in discovery and is therefore of limited assistance to the
defendants."

34 Applying these principles to the Defendants’ application here, the first
category of documents (which includes the second category, as conceded by the
Defendants) was indeed remarkably wide in that it covered all accounting
records of the _entire_ Global Group over three years. If the Defendants were
correct in their assertion that they were entitled to all such documents, they
would effectively be espousing the following proposition:

> > If Defendant is sued for defaming Plaintiff by alleging that Plaintiff is
> in financial difficulties and Defendant pleads the defence of justification,
> Defendant is entitled to ask Plaintiff to disclose all his financial records
> (including bank statements) for the preceding three years.

The above proposition is startling because it would in effect be reversing the
burden of proof – i.e. the Plaintiff has to divulge all his confidential
financial matters to the Defendant to show that he is not in financial
difficulties.

35 Merely stating that they believed that "the Plaintiffs had suffered losses
in _inter alia_ their trading activities in Malaysia and the Middle East"
could not assist the Defendants in their unjustifiable quest to hopefully
catch some fish of justification somewhere in the expanse of the Global ocean.
It is akin to the situation where A says B is in financial straits as he has
lost money in shares and, when sued for defamation, tells B to reveal all his
and his family’s financial records for the last three years.

36 Since the Plaintiffs’ audited accounts were not available to the public at
large, as an indulgence to the Defendants, I was prepared to order that only
the Plaintiffs’ (and not the Global Group’s) audited accounts for financial
years 1999 and 2000 be disclosed. I ordered such disclosure by the Plaintiffs
within seven days from my order.

37 Where the third and fourth categories of documents were concerned, it was
apparent from the Defendants’ supporting affidavit that they had no basis in
saying that the Plaintiffs or the Global Group had any documents pertaining to
any dealings with Thome & Partners. Further, it was strange that the
Defendants were asking for documents relating to the sale of "Global
Excellence" when the Plaintiffs had pleaded that they had not offered that
vessel for sale. These roaming searches could only lead to the inference that
the Defendants lacked knowledge of any particular facts which would
substantiate their plea of justification. I therefore affirmed the Assistant
Registrar’s refusal to order discovery of these categories.

38 The last category of documents was in relation to the change of name of
"Star Progress" to "Dunia Bintang". From the pleadings, the only issue that
arose from this was the assertion by the Plaintiffs that the change of name
took place in January 2000. Although I affirmed the Assistant Registrar’s
refusal to order discovery of these documents, upon further reflection, I
think it would have been fair to order discovery of documents evidencing the
date of change and nothing else. The subsequent news release by the Defendants
on 21 March 2001 merely referred to the new name without acknowledging that
the change of name had taken place in January 2000.

39 The Defendants failed in their appeal by and large except for the documents
mentioned in paragraph 36 of this judgment. I therefore ordered them to pay
$1,200 costs to the Plaintiffs in respect of the appeal. I do not think what I
have said in the preceding paragraph about documents pertaining to the date of
change would have affected my decision on the issue of costs.

40 On 19 July 2001, upon the request of the Plaintiffs, I granted them an
extension of time until 20 August 2001 to furnish the documents ordered to be
disclosed as their audited accounts for financial year 2000 were not available
yet.

**TAY YONG KWANG  
JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER**

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Aug 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

