Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## HSBC Bank USA (formerly known as Republic National Bank of New York) v
Francisco Lee Wong and Another  
[2001] SGHC 210

Case Number | : | Suit 600001/2001/T  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 August 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Harpreet Singh and Advani Ajay Jiwat (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs; Thio Shen Yi and Elaine Tan (TSMP Law Corporation) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  HSBC Bank USA (formerly known as Republic National Bank of New York) — Francisco Lee Wong; Rachel Yu Wong   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

1\. Under the terms of the contract between the Plaintiffs and the Defendants,
the Plaintiffs are entitled to close out any of the Defendants’ positions in
the circumstances which have arisen without making a margin call.

2\. While I find that it was the practice of the Plaintiffs to make a margin
call, this practice is subject to their legal right as I have mentioned.

3\. I also find that Mr Francisco Wong was not led to believe that the
Plaintiffs’ legal right was waived or varied by any statement from Stephen Co.

4\. In any event, the Plaintiffs’ Sylvia Liu did make a margin call. This was
on 8 October 1998 at about 1529 hours. However she could not give details of
the margin call like the amount of the top-up for the margin and the time
within which to provide the top-up. This was because Mr Wong said he would
check and also expressed disbelief that he had to top-up the margin.

5\. In view of his disbelief, a fax was sent by Ms Liu to explain the
Defendants’ positions.

6\. Mr Wong then called Ms Liu at about 1621 hours. In this second
conversation, Mr Wong maintained his disbelief.

7\. A second fax was then sent by Ms Liu to Mr Wong to elaborate.

8\. This was followed by another call by Ms Liu to Mr Wong. By this time, it
was about 1721 hours. Although in this third conversation, Mr Wong appeared to
understand the situation, he said he would look into the matter. Ms Liu said
she would call him back.

9\. At trial, Mr Wong did not dispute the accuracy of the figures in the faxes
that were sent to him by Ms Liu. However, he said that at the time, he had to
check his documents.

10\. Initially, he said that his documents were at his office but he was not
at his office when Ms Liu had made her first call.

11\. Subsequently, he changed his evidence to say that his documents were at
home and he had to call his wife to fax his documents to him at his office.

12\. According to him, his documents were then brought to his office but he
did not know by whom as he was not in the office when they were brought.

13\. He said that Ms Liu did not contact him again. In fact she made 6 more
attempts to contact him during one of which she had left a message. That
message had informed him that the Plaintiffs’ Credit Department was requiring
Ms Liu to get him to close out his positions and urged him to return her call
urgently.

14\. Mr Wong claimed that he did not receive this message.

15\. Mr Wong’s evidence about his documents being at home and having to call
Mrs Wong to fax the documents to him was not corroborated by Mrs Wong. Mrs
Wong said she did not know whether Mr Wong’s documents were kept in his office
or at home. This was telling. It belied Mr Wong’s explanation that he had to
call his wife to fax his documents to him from home.

16\. I do not accept Mr Wong’s evidence that his documents were at home. I
find that they were at his office.

17\. I also find that even if he was initially uncertain about the true state
of the Defendants’ positions, he was no longer uncertain after the second fax
he had received from Ms Liu.

18\. By the third conversation between Mr Wong and Ms Liu, Mr Wong knew the
true state of the Defendants’ positions and he had no doubt about the urgency
of the situation and the Plaintiffs’ intentions, i.e to require him to top-up
or else they would liquidate the positions.

19\. I also find that he had received Ms Liu’s message later in the evening
before the positions were liquidated.

20\. I find that he was playing for time, hoping that the US$/yen exchange
rate would turn around in the Defendants’ favour the next day. That is why he
did not return Ms Liu’s call. He had also assumed that since it was past 5pm
by the time he received her message, the Plaintiffs would not liquidate the
positions until the next day.

21\. He had omitted to take into account the fact that the foreign exchange
market does not sleep and that the Plaintiffs might liquidate the Defendants’
positions after usual office hours.

22\. That is why he was furious to learn the next day that the Defendants’
positions had been liquidated the night before especially since the US$/yen
exchange rate had indeed turned around in the Defendants’ favour.

23\. In the circumstances, the Defendants have only Mr Wong himself to blame.

24\. Accordingly, I grant judgment in favour of the Plaintiffs for
US$31,237.65 with interest thereon at the rate of 9.75% per annum from 1
November 1998 to the date of payment. The Counterclaim is dismissed.

25\. I will hear the parties on costs.

**

**

Sgd:

WOO BIH LI  
JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Aug 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

