Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Shoba D/O Gunasekaran v A Rajandran and Another  
[2001] SGHC 138

Case Number | : | D 807/2000, RAS 720094/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 June 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Engelin Teh, SC and Koh Geok Jen (Engelin Teh & Partners) for the appellant; Ignatius Joseph (A Rajandran Joseph & Nayar) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Shoba D/O Gunasekaran — A Rajandran; Ramanathan Theyvendran   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Decision**

1 This is an appeal by the Petitioner against the decision of District Judge
Hamidah Ibrahim on 14 December 2000 in SIC 750532/2000 and 750536/2000
granting interim custody, care and control of the child of marriage to the
Respondent. Further the judge ordered that the Petitioner shall have access to
the child on Tuesday from 1:00 to 7:00 pm and on weekends from 6:00 pm on
Friday to 8:00 pm on Saturday. The Petitioner was also ordered to pay costs to
the Respondent fixed at $1,500.

2 The Petitioner appealed against this decision and, after hearing counsel for
the parties on 23 April 2001, the court made the following orders:

> _
>
> "Order below varied as follows:
>
> (1) Interim custody and control and care to remain with Respondent.
>
> (2) Interim access to Petitioner as follows:
>

>> 37\. From Friday after school (or at 1 pm if there is no school on that
day) to Sunday 10 am. Petitioner to pick child on Fridays and Respondent on
Sundays.

>>

>> 38\. School holidays:

>>

>>> Petitioner to have access on 1st and 3rd weeks of the mid-year holidays,
and 1st, 3rd and 5th weeks of the year-end holidays. Respondent and Petitioner
to pick up child at 6 pm and Sunday at 10 am from each other. For the
September and March holidays, Petitioner to have access from Sunday 10 am to
Friday 1 pm but for the weekend before school reopens (from Friday 1 pm),
child to remain with Respondent.

>>

>> 39\. Public holidays:

>>

>>> Deepavali and New Year: Petitioner to have access from 9 am to 3 pm,
Petitioner to pick child from Respondent in morning and Respondent to pick
child from Petitioner in the afternoon.

>>>

>>> Other public holidays: alternative public holidays (not counting Deepavali
and New Year), from 6 pm the previous day to 6 pm of the public holiday.

>>

>> 40\. Child’s birthday: each parent to have child on his birthday in
alternate year from 1 pm (or after school as the case may be) to 8 pm,
starting with Petitioner in May 2001.

>>

>> 41\. Parent’s birthday: each parent to have child on his/her birthday from
1 pm (or after school as the case may be) to 8 pm.

>>

>> 42\. Mother’s day: child to remain with Petitioner until 8 pm.

>>

>> 43\. Father’s day: child to be returned to Respondent at 8 am on Sunday.

>
> (3) Liberty to apply.
>
> (4) No order as to costs."
>
> _

3 On 18 May 2001 the Petitioner filed a Notice of Appeal against the whole of
my decision and I now give my written grounds of decision.

4 The Petitioner and Respondent registered their marriage on 17 March 1995\.
After a traditional wedding ceremony, they lived with the Petitioner’s parents
from June 1995 until August 1998. A son, Sanathraj Rajandran, was born on 14
May 1996. He is the subject of the present dispute. In August 1998 the
Petitioner and Respondent and Sanathraj moved to their own flat at Yio Chu
Kang Road. Sanathraj was then about 27 months old.

5 Sometime into the marriage, the parties encountered some marital problems.

6 In March 2000 the Petitioner collapsed and was hospitalised for a week. Upon
her discharge she did not return home but went to stay with her parents. There
was a tussle between the parties in relation to Sanathraj which resulted in
the Respondent taking Sanathraj to live with his parents on 18 March 2000. On
23 March 2000, the Petitioner filed this petition for divorce.

7 On 24 March 2000, the Petitioner filed SIC 750532/2000 to apply for interim
custody, care and control of Sanathraj.

8 The application for interim custody came up before District Judge Hamidah
Ibrahim on 14 April 2000. She directed the Welfare Officer of the Ministry of
Community Development ("MCD") to conduct an investigation and submit a welfare
report to the court. Pending that, she granted care and control of Sanathraj
to the Respondent with access to the Petitioner on Tuesday from 1:00 pm to
6:00 pm and on weekends from 6:00 pm on Friday to 7:00 pm on Saturday. The
Petitioner appealed against this order. Woo, JC dismissed the Petitioner’s
application for custody, but varied the access by extending the it by one
hour, i.e. the Petitioner was to have Sanathraj up to 7:00 pm on Tuesday and
8:00 pm on Saturday.

9 The welfare report was submitted by the MCD in November 2000. The parties
appeared before District Judge Hamidah Ibrahim on 14 December and she ordered
interim custody, care and control of Sanathraj to be given to the Respondent
with the access unchanged. It is against that order that the Petitioner
appealed before me.

10 Among the Petitioner’s grounds for this appeal is that the judge below had
placed too much reliance on the welfare report without giving the parties an
opportunity to address her on it. The Petitioner submitted that if she had,
her decision would have been different. Before the hearing I had directed the
parties to be furnished with the welfare report on condition of confidence.
Counsel for the Petitioner did make submissions to me in respect of that
report and listed a detailed set of complaints about it.

11 On my part, while I had the welfare report in mind, it did not constitute a
substantial factor in the decision I arrived at. Also, I had borne in mind the
submissions of counsel for the Petitioner in relation to the report. My
decision was based mainly on the affidavits of the parties and the facts of
the matter as can be ascertained from the court documents.

12 Section 125(2) of the Women’s Charter dictates that the paramount
consideration in a custody order is the welfare of the child, but the court is
to have regard to the wishes of the parents and also of the child if he is of
an age to express an independent opinion. As Sanathraj was one month short of
5 years, he was too young to express an independent opinion as his view might
be shaped by the parent with whom he had the most contact at the time (which
would have been the Respondent).

13 As both parents are fighting tooth and nail for custody, their wishes are
clear. My decision would have to based on a consideration of all the
circumstances of the case, including an assessment of who is the parent better
able to devote the time and effort and provide the proper environment for
Sanathraj’s upbringing.

14 The Petitioner claimed that she and her parents were the main care-givers
in the first 27 months of the child’s life. However I note that she had
returned to work shortly after giving birth and Sanathraj was in the care of
the Petitioner’s mother at first, and when the latter also returned to work,
he was looked after by a maid during the day. The Respondent produced evidence
from other witnesses, including the Petitioner’s father, that she was occupied
with her career and had not been able to spend much time with Sanathraj.

15 The Petitioner claimed that the Respondent was himself too occupied with
his career at that time to care for Sanathraj. However the Respondent claimed
that he was the parent who had spent more time with him and produce affidavits
from the maid and some neighbours in this respect.

16 The Petitioner had suffered a bout of depression. Even though she claimed
that this was the fault of the Respondent, nevertheless it is a factor that I
have to take into consideration in deciding who is the more appropriate party
to have custody of the child.

17 The Petitioner had submitted that she is now better able to care for
Sanathraj because she had given up full-time work and had taken a part-time
job. This would enable her to spend her afternoons with the child. However I
am not satisfied with the sincerity of the Petitioner’s statements. Her
affidavits showed that she made statements inconsistent with the evidence of
other witnesses. I find the Respondent’s affidavits to be more balanced and
consistent. At the hearing I remarked to the parties that given that the
Respondent worked during the week and the Petitioner was available on the
afternoon, a win-win solution would be for the Petitioner to have the child
during the week and I could give the Respondent very generous access during
the weekend from Friday night to Sunday night. However his counsel, upon
taking instruction from the Respondent, said that the Respondent would rather
forgo the weekends, i.e. have the child go to the Petitioner for the entire
weekend, because he wanted to spend his week nights coaching Sanathraj. This
gesture indicated to me his sincerity.

18 In a hotly disputed custody application such as this one, it is always
difficult to make a decision based purely on the affidavits which contain
contradictory accounts of the facts. However on balance I have no doubt that
the Respondent is the parent better able to care for the child and made the
custody order set out above. Nevertheless I believed that both parents have an
important role in the upbringing of Sanathraj, and hence gave generous access
to the Petitioner. Although she had asked for longer weekend access, i.e up to
Sunday night, I took into account that the father and son must also share some
substantive weekend time. Accordingly I ordered that the child be returned by
10 am on Sundays. As for school holidays the split between the parties is
virtually half and half.

Sgd:

Lee Seiu Kin  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jun 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

