Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wang CongQin Bobby v Ong Heng Huat and another action  
[2001] SGHC 202

Case Number | : | Suit 1023/2000, 1024/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 July 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Philip Fong and Chang Man Phing (Harry Elias Partnership) for the plaintiffs; Kirpal Singh (Kirpal & Associates) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Wang CongQin Bobby — Ong Heng Huat   
  
Contract – Illegality and public policy – Use of company's properties as
collateral for bank loan – Whether agreement ultra vires company's memorandum
and articles of association and unenforceable – Whether proper resolutions
authorising transaction have been passed – Failure to declare interest
payments to tax authorities – Effect on enforceability of transaction –
Whether consideration given for agreement – What constitutes consideration  
  

: At the conclusion of the trial, I awarded judgment to the plaintiffs on
their claims against the defendant. The defendant has now appealed against my
decision (in CA 600058/2001).  
  
**_Facts_**

****

  
  
The plaintiffs and the defendant in both suits are related; Bobby Wang (`the
first plaintiff`) the plaintiff in Suit 1023/2000 (`the first suit`) is the
cousin of the siblings Ong Kian Leong, Ong Boon Leong and Ong Seng Leong (`the
second plaintiffs`) who are suing in Suit 1024/2000 (`the second suit`). The
first and second plaintiffs are the nephews of the defendant. The first and
second plaintiffs as well as the defendant hold shares in and are also
directors of, a company called Ong Toh Property Pte Ltd (`OTP`) which had been
started in 1986 by the late Ong Toh, who was the grandfather and father
respectively, of the plaintiffs and the defendant. OTP is a holding company
and its main activity is investment with its main source of income being
rental collected from various properties it owns and which at one time
included Nos 16 and 20 Kallang Pudding Road (`the Kallang properties`) and No
11 Tannery Lane (`the Tannery Lane property`).  
  
Ong Toh passed away on 30 March 1995 and under his will dated 16 September
1993, Ong Soon Huat (`OSH`) who is his nephew and the defendant`s cousin, was
appointed the sole executor of his estate. The beneficiaries of Ong Toh`s
estate (`the estate`) are the defendant and the first plaintiff in the
proportions of 80% and 20% respectively. OSH has applied for probate of the
estate in Probate 1489/95 but the grant has not yet been issued by the High
Court, because (according to the first plaintiff and which OSH confirmed)
estate duty has not yet been paid. Presently, OTP is in voluntary liquidation
pursuant to a special resolution passed by the company on 5 February 2001. The
liquidator is Chan Siew Wei (`Chan`) from the accounting firm of Chan Hock
Seng & Co, who are the auditors of OTP.  
  
The defendant is a substantial shareholder (60%) and chairman of another
company called Long An Development Pte Ltd (`LAD`) which at the material time
was developing an office-cum-residential block in Beijing, China (`the China
project`). Ong Toh Development Pte Ltd (`OTD`), another company started by the
plaintiffs` grandfather is also a shareholder (7%) of LAD while the first
plaintiff himself holds approximately 12% shares in OTD. At a meeting of LAD`s
board in early 1997, attended inter alia by the defendant, the first plaintiff
(representing OTD and as a director of LAD) and two of his three cousins, the
subject of raising urgently needed capital for the China project was mooted.
LAD`s managing director, a Taiwanese called Wang Shih Chieh (`Wang`),
suggested that the properties of OTP be used as collateral to obtain a bank
loan in return for which the defendant could offer some compensation payment
to other shareholders of the company; this suggestion was, however, not
pursued.  
  
Between April and July 1997, the defendant approached the plaintiffs saying he
wanted to utilise OTP`s properties at Kallang and Tannery Lane to obtain a
bank loan; he offered to pay the plaintiffs interest at 8% p[thinsp]a on th+e
outstanding sums owed to the financial institution for the risk involved; the
defendant also approached his uncle and the father of the second plaintiffs
Ong Thiam Huat (`Ong`), with the same proposal. The plaintiffs did not agree
as they felt that there were great risks involved in LAD`s China project and
should it fail, the lending bank would call on OTP`s properties as security.
The first plaintiff also felt that the minority shareholders (holding 40%) of
LAD should play their part by pledging their personal properties as collateral
to raise loans.  
  
However, at a subsequent discussion the first plaintiff had with two other
shareholders of LAD, namely, Calvin Tan (whom he described as the defendant`s
financial adviser) and Philip Kwek (who is also a friend of the defendant) at
the latter`s house, it was intimated to the first plaintiff that if the
plaintiffs did not agree to the defendant`s proposal, the defendant would use
his position as a majority shareholder to remove them as directors.
Thereafter, the defendant would pass the requisite resolution to secure
approval for his proposal to use OTP`s properties as security for his loan.
The first plaintiff conveyed the defendant`s threat to the second plaintiffs
and their father. After due consideration, they agreed it would be difficult
to fight the defendant in his capacity as the majority shareholder of OTP. The
plaintiffs felt it was the lesser of two evils for them to agree to the
defendant`s proposal and remain as directors of OTP than, to reject the
proposal and be removed from the board and thereafter not know about or have
any say in, the running of the company as minority shareholders. Consequently,
the plaintiffs agreed to the defendant`s proposal, albeit reluctantly, and
informed him accordingly in July 1997; the parties arranged to meet.  
  
On or about 28 July 1997 there was a meeting attended by the first plaintiff,
the defendant, Ong and his two sons Ong Kian Leong and Ong Seng Leong; Ong
Boon Leong was absent. Prior to the discussion, a draft agreement (`the
agreement`) was handed by the defendant to the first plaintiff wherein it was
stated that the parties agreed to allow the defendant to borrow $16m (`the
loan`) from the International Bank of Singapore Ltd (`IBS`) secured by
mortgages on OTP`s properties at Kallang and Tannery Lane. The first plaintiff
noted therefrom that it was not stated how the defendant`s payment of 8%
interest would be distributed. So he re-typed the draft which was in the form
of a letter from the defendant addressed to him and the second plaintiffs (see
1AB66-67) and added (as para 5) the formula for distribution of the 8%
interest amongst the plaintiffs. Although OTP was also named in the agreement,
the company was not included as a recipient of the interest. When cross-
examined, the plaintiffs denied that they were the ones who had demanded 8%
interest from the defendant. The first plaintiff said they accepted the
defendant`s proposal of 8% as it was then the prevailing interest rate charged
by banks.  
  
Questioned by counsel for the defendant on why OTP had been excluded from the
compensation payment, the first plaintiff explained that the defendant in fact
attempted to include all shareholders of the company as recipients of the
defendant`s payment but the plaintiffs refused - it would mean that a
substantial part of the compensation would indirectly return to the defendant
as he had 65% direct and beneficial interest in the company through his 80%
share of their grandfather`s estate; it would be tantamount to the left hand
paying the right hand. The first plaintiff pointed out that in addition to
trying to include OTP as a payee of the interest for his own ultimate benefit,
the defendant also attempted to renege on his agreement to pay 8%; he wanted
to pay a lower rate of 5-6% as interest after the plaintiffs had agreed to his
proposal. This attempt was also rejected by the plaintiffs as a breach of
trust and principle bearing in mind that it was the defendant who initially
offered, not they asked for, 8% compensation.  
  
After he had re-typed the agreement, the first plaintiff printed out two
copies, one was handed to the defendant and the other copy was handed to the
second plaintiffs, for perusal. The salient provisions of the agreement are as
follows:

(1) the defendant would repay the loan in three years or less at his option;

(2) the defendant would be responsible for the payment of interest to IBS
which prevailing rate was then 6.5% p[thinsp]a on the amount of the drawdown;

(3) the defendant would compensate the plaintiffs opportunity cost at 8%
p[thinsp]a monthly, on the outstanding principal amount owing to IBS;

(4) if for any reason the defendant failed to pay any part of the loan when
due to IBS, he agreed that a portion of his shares bequeathed to him by the
estate should be distributed to all the shareholders of OTP (in proportion to
their shareholdings) of the company (including himself) using the formula
prepared by the first plaintiff and set out in para 5 of the agreement.

  
  
After everyone present had agreed to the terms, the defendant signed one copy
of the agreement but did not date it. The first plaintiff put the signed copy
into an envelope, sealed it and kept it at his office; it was understood that
the envelope would not be opened unless and until the defendant defaulted in
his payments of the 8% interest.  
  
After the agreement had been signed, the first plaintiff reminded the
defendant to inform OSH as a matter of courtesy, in the light of provision (4)
in the agreement set out in para 9 above. The defendant did so inform OSH by
his letter dated 15 October 1997 (see 1AB97) addressed to OSH as the executor
of the estate of Ong Toh deceased and which was witnessed by a solicitor
(`Peter Sim`); the letter stated:

> _I, Ong Heng Huat, irrevocably instruct you to comply with the provisions
> relating to the transfer of my interests in the**estate of Ong Toh
> deceased** as contained in my letter to the shareholders of Ong Toh Property
> Pte Ltd dated 20 August 1997._

  
  
By a letter dated 7 August 1997, IBS offered the defendant overdraft
facilities of $16m which offer the defendant accepted on 15 August 1997. On
the same day, OTP wrote (letter was signed by the first plaintiff and the
defendant) to IBS forwarding a certified copy of OTP`s special resolution
passed on 23 July 1997, sanctioning the mortgage of the company`s Kallang and
Tannery Lane properties to secure the bank`s facility offered to the
defendant. This was followed by another resolution of the company passed on 2
September 1997 (signed by the plaintiffs and the defendant but not OSH on
behalf of the estate) approving the affixing of the company`s common seal to
the mortgage and all other relevant documents, pursuant to the earlier special
resolution.  
  
Sometime in July 1998, the defendant informed the plaintiffs that the banking
facilities had been revised by IBS - part of the overdraft facility was
converted to a term loan. Consequently, OTP passed a fresh resolution on 28
July 1998 to approve the facilities set out in the revised letter of offer
dated 16 July from IBS and, to confirm that the company`s Kallang and Tannery
Lane properties would continue to be security for the revised facilities. The
company wrote to IBS on the same day forwarding the aforesaid resolution.  
  
The defendant paid the agreed 8% interest to the plaintiffs between 31 August
1997 and 31 March 1999. Initially, the defendant provided the first plaintiff
with copies of the monthly statements of IBS. The practice was for the first
plaintiff to contact the defendant`s personal assistant Danny Chng (`Danny`)
to remind the defendant followed by the first plaintiff`s sending to Danny a
spreadsheet setting out the plaintiffs` computation of the interest payable.
Sometimes Danny would revert over slight differences between the first
plaintiff`s and Danny`s calculations. The defendant would then ask the first
plaintiff to meet him to collect the sum. Payment was always made in cash at
the first plaintiff`s request; he was responsible for collecting and paying to
his three cousins their share and he wanted to avoid issuing several cheques
every month. The defendant was always if not perpetually, late in payment,
particularly from 1998 onwards.  
  
The first plaintiff denied he had hounded the defendant for payment as the
latter had alleged in his written testimony. When the defendant repeatedly
told the first plaintiff he could no longer afford to pay the interest, the
first plaintiff advised his cousins (in June-July 1999) to give the defendant
some breathing space, until the defendant could sell the China project. In
fact, the plaintiffs completely stopped asking the defendant for payment until
October 2000, when completion of the sale of OTP`s three properties was near.  
  
Although the only purpose of the loan was to finance the China project, moneys
drawn-down never went into that project. The first plaintiff alleged that the
defendant wired $933,000 from the loan moneys to Australia and gave another
$500,000 to Tay Teck Huat (a shareholder of LAD). This was not only not denied
by the defendant but he went further to admit that he may also have advanced
$150,000 (see N/E105) to the girlfriend of or another, shareholder (Lee Choon
Sing) of LAD, from the loan. The first plaintiff testified he had insisted
that so long as the accounts of the China project were controlled by Wang
(whom he accused of siphoning funds out of LAD), not one cent should be
remitted to China. Although the first plaintiff expressed his concerns to the
defendant and Calvin Tan and there were heated arguments over the matter, the
latter continued to send millions to China. However, the first plaintiff
managed to garner enough support to remove Wang as general manager and
chairman of LAD`s Beijing office, for which he received a death threat from
Wang. On 18 March 1998, shortly after he had returned from removing Wang from
the Beijing office, the first plaintiff decided he had had enough; he tendered
his resignation as director and managing director of LAD.  
  
Cross-examined why the plaintiffs did not disclose the agreement and
compensation in their position as directors of OTP, the first plaintiff
countered, who should he/they make the disclosure to? All directors of the
board of OTP had agreed it was a private arrangement between shareholders.
Moreover, the shareholders (save for OSH) were also directors of the company.
Further, OSH had been notified of the agreement by the defendant`s letter
dated 15 October 1997 and, OSH was not a beneficial owner but trustee (for the
defendant and the first plaintiff), of the shares he held in OTP. When he
testified, OSH (DW4) confirmed that he had indeed been so notified.  
  
Peter Sim was directed by the court to testify. His testimony, however, proved
to be singularly unhelpful. He (CW1) said he did not draft the agreement as
the first plaintiff had asserted. He vaguely remembered (N/E76) having been
shown the document by Calvin Tan (who consulted him on a friendly basis) but
not when, nor having told the latter that `it is a very messy situation` and
`no lawyer will go near the agreement with a ten foot pole`. However, he did
recall that he had declined to act because he noted that the agreement
involved probate. Peter Sim also recalled that at a later date when the
defendant came to his office with Calvin Tan, he had asked the defendant
whether the latter understood the contents before he witnessed the defendant`s
signing of the letter dated 15 October 1997. He was told that the defendant`s
cousin Bobby wanted the letter witnessed by a lawyer and he obliged.  
  
Repayment to IBS of the loan was due in June 2000. When the plaintiffs and Ong
met up with the defendant to discuss repayment, he said he had no money. The
plaintiffs and Ong then suggested that the only solution was to sell the
company`s properties to pay off the loan. The defendant agreed and signed a
company resolution approving the sale, contradicting his written testimony
that he was shocked when the first plaintiff told him that the latter had
signed an agreement for sale and purchase with the buyer.  
  
OTP`s properties were put up for sale. The Kallang and Tannery Lane properties
were valued at $27m (by valuers CB Richard Ellis (Pte) Ltd) as at 31 May 2000,
but were sold for $33.5m in July 2000, out of which $16,388,000 went to
repayment of the loan. The two figures were a far cry from an earlier
valuation done in September 1997 at the behest of IBS which gave a market
value and a forced sale value of $51m and $45.9m respectively, for the
properties. Previously (August 1995), another firm of valuers had assessed the
three properties as having a land value of $50,733,469 (see 1AB51) as part of
a feasibility study for redevelopment commissioned by OTD. Even on the sale,
the plaintiffs had complaints against the defendant. The first plaintiff
testified that the defendant kept holding back the sale by saying he had
better offers which never materialised. This resulted in OTP losing an offer
of $33.5m for two of the three properties, when the prospective buyer through
his solicitors withdrew his offer (on 4 July 2000 at 1AB335), due to the
company`s delay in granting an option.  
  
After the sale was completed, the plaintiffs demanded but the defendant
refused, to pay the $16,388,000 owed to OTP. The defendant complained he had
been penalised in paying interest to IBS and also in the monthly interest
payments he made to the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs proposed that the sum of
$16,388,000 be treated as a director`s loan to the defendant; they also asked
for directors` loans to themselves from the balance sale proceeds of the
properties, arguing that they were entitled to the same benefits from the
company as the defendant. The defendant countered that in that case, the
plaintiffs should also compensate him with interest payment.  
  
In October 2000, the first plaintiff discovered that the defendant had
approached OSH in an attempt to obtain a transfer to himself (the defendant)
of the estate`s shares in OTP. The first plaintiff considered the defendant`s
act as a clear breach of para 7 of the agreement (set out in para 9(4) above).
The second plaintiffs were accordingly informed and the plaintiffs decided to
enforce the agreement. The sealed envelope containing the agreement was
opened, the first plaintiff inserted the date 28 July 1997 into the agreement
and subsequently these proceedings were commenced.  
  
**_Pleadings_**

****

  
  
**CLAIM**

  
  
In their respective statements of claim, the first and second plaintiffs
claimed their share of the 8% interest based on the outstanding principal
amount owed to IBS between 1 April 1999 and 25 October 2000, of $1,596,947.94.
The first plaintiff claimed $910,260.33 as his share of interest while the
second plaintiffs claimed the difference of $686,687.61 ($1,596,947.94 less
$910,260.33). Neither the plaintiffs nor the defendant disputed that the
latter had previously paid the plaintiffs $1,306,294.75 by way of interest
between 31 August 1997 and 31 March 1999.  
  
**DEFENCE**

  
  
The defendant`s somewhat convoluted defences to the plaintiffs` claims were as
follows:

(1) taking into account his 65% beneficial interest in OTP via his inheritance
in the estate, the defendant calculated that in or about July 1997, his 65%
interest based on the then value ($51m) of the three properties was worth
$33m. Therefore it was well within his rights to borrow $16m using the
properties as security;

(2) the plaintiffs gave no consideration for the loan of $16m from IBS;

(3) he denied he had entered into the agreement with the plaintiffs;

(4) the agreement was in any event illegal and unenforceable as: (a) it was
ultra vires the memorandum and articles of association of OTP; (b) the
plaintiffs who were directors of OTP had failed to disclose their interests
under the agreement when approving and passing the resolution; (c) the
plaintiffs as directors of OTP had also failed to obtain the approval of and
suppressed from the company the fact of, the direct pecuniary benefit they
obtained under the agreement; (d) no company resolution was passed by OTP to
approve the pecuniary benefit the plaintiffs obtained under the agreement; (e)
the plaintiffs breached their fiduciary duties to OTP; (f) the agreement was
contrary to public policy as it was calculated to be concealed from and to
deceive, the tax authorities of Singapore; (g) the agreement offended the
provisions of the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188);

(5) in the alternative, the defendant relied on ss 156 and 157 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50).

  
  
**_Evidence_**

****

  
  
At the commencement of the trial, I had informed counsel for the defendant
that the defences of illegality relating to the alleged tax evasion by the
plaintiffs and their alleged breach of fiduciary duties as directors, were no
answer to the plaintiffs` claim. These defences were unsustainable as the
plaintiffs` claim was based on contract and the company (OTP) was not a party
to the action. Further, it was a matter between the tax authorities and the
plaintiffs whether the interest the latter received from the defendant should
be considered taxable income but, the fact they may have failed to declare the
amount as income did not afford the defendant a valid defence to the
plaintiffs` claim. Despite my direction and despite his concession that OTP
was not a party to this litigation, counsel persisted in cross-examining the
plaintiffs on both issues. He relied on **Miller v Karlinski** [1945] 62 TLR
85 as well as **Napier v National Business Agency** [1951] 2 All ER 264 as
authority for doing so. I disagreed, for reasons which I shall set out later.  
  
**_Defendant`s case_**

****

  
  
I have in [para ]1-22 above, set out the salient facts according to the first
plaintiff`s testimony, which was confirmed by his cousins and their father
Ong. I turn now to the defendant`s evidence. Cross-examined, the defendant
(who is only two years older than the first plaintiff) admitted (N/E126) that
the reason he did not pay his nephews was because he felt it was `not fair` as
he had paid interest to IBS in addition to paying the plaintiffs. However,
this assertion was not quite correct as IBS was paid $16,388,000 from the sale
proceeds of OTP`s properties; this meant that the defendant had defaulted in
payment of $388,000 by way of interest and, he was in arrears for more than
the two to three months that he claimed. Further, the defendant admitted owing
OTP another $6.4m as director`s loan.  
  
The defendant also revealed that after Calvin Tan had sourced out IBS as a
willing lender, he decided he would borrow $16m even though only US$7m (then
equivalent to S$10-$11m) was actually needed for the China project. This was
because he had to make provision for interest ($6m) for the duration of the
loan (two to three years). The figure was $16m because Calvin Tan had worked
out that he could borrow 50% of his 65% entitlement in OTP, which was
equivalent to $33m based on a valuation of $50m as the company`s assets. About
$5m of the loan was utilised by the defendant for purposes not related to the
China project - part of it was used to pay the plaintiffs, $1m went into his
Australian investment and he lent Tan Teck Huat $500,000. Although he was
repaid what he lent to Tan Teck Huat (by instalments up to last year), the
defendant admitted that he did not use the repayments either to pay the
plaintiffs or IBS - he used the sums for `expenses for the company` presumably
LAD.  
  
The impression I gained of the defendant was, that he was incredibly naïve; he
can hardly be described as a hard-nosed businessman. In actual fact, he was
extremely generous to his friends and fellow investors. My observations were
based on the following evidence adduced from him and/or Calvin Tan (DW3):

(1) on Wang`s advice (N/E96), he had remitted S$2m as `tea money` to Chinese
authorities so as to be able to invest in the China project; the cheque (dated
28 January 1995) was drawn on a joint bank account he maintained with his
father (while the latter was still alive). The defendant did not question the
propriety of the payment nor who would be the ultimate recipient. He testified
that the payment was supposedly to show that LAD had the financial means to
invest in the China project and was meant to be refunded. Yet he deposited it
into Wang`s Beijing bank account without question. It is doubtful that the
late Ong Toh knew of the payment as the defendant claimed since, according to
OSH, when the defendant was questioned on the cheque by the estate`s
solicitors, he did not mention that Ong Toh knew;

(2) even more surprising, although Lee Choon Sing (his co-founder of LAD) and
Wang were the original investors in the China project, the defendant did not
think of asking either of them to contribute their share of capital after he
had deposited S$2m into Wang`s account; Wang (although 15-20% shareholder)
merely paid LAD`s expenses (which amount he could not even remember) while Lee
paid nothing;

(3) notwithstanding that there were minority shareholders (holding 40% shares)
in LAD including Calvin Tan, the defendant did not insist that they do their
part to help raise funds for the China project. Neither did he insist that
they sign a back-to-back guarantee in his favour (although they had apparently
agreed to do so, according to the first plaintiff and Calvin Tan) after he had
secured the loan. Although Calvin Tan testified (N/E140) that he had obtained
from his office (Millennium Securities) and handed to the first plaintiff/the
China project investors a standard form of guarantee (see 1AB163-166), the
foolish defendant did not press any of his fellow shareholders to sign the
document, thereby shouldering alone, the financing burden for the China
project.

  
  
I also found that the defendant adopted a cavalier attitude towards his debts.
Even if he was not instigated by Calvin Tan to do so (which I believed he was)
he had borrowed $16m from IBS using OTP`s properties as collateral in the
mistaken (and simplistic) belief that this was (less than) his ultimate
entitlement, based on his direct and beneficial interest (65%) in the company.
However, he did not seem to have given much or indeed any thought, to how he
would repay what he borrowed from the company, which ultimately ballooned to
$22,788,000. Even when he had the means to do so (one example being the
repayment of $500,000 by Tan Teck Huat) the defendant failed to service the
loan and/or pay his nephews.  
  
I turn next to the testimony adduced from the defendant`s witnesses, starting
with Calvin Tan (DW2), whom I found to be a far shrewder businessman than the
defendant. Calvin Tan (who is both a stockbroker and cigar merchant) testified
that he himself had invested close to $900,000 for his 5% share in the China
project; he purchased it from an investor who held 30% share, after the
defendant had invested. Calvin Tan could not recall having calculated the
defendant`s interest in OTP and which computation of $33m prompted the
defendant to borrow 50% thereof ($16m) from IBS. Neither could he remember
making the suggestion that the defendant should borrow enough to cover the
interest element as well. However, he admitted that the other shareholders
were reluctant to put more capital into the China project and they had all
agreed that the defendant should look for alternative financing. I had no
doubt that Calvin Tan was less than candid in his testimony and I believe he
deliberately played down his role as the defendant`s financial adviser. I am
certain he was instrumental in suggesting to the defendant the possibility of
removing the plaintiffs from the board of OTP, if the defendant was not
allowed to have his way. Quite simply, the defendant was not the sort who was
capable of coming up with such a threat on his own initiative.  
  
I have already touched on Peter Sim`s testimony (see [para ]18 above) which
did little to explain the genesis of the agreement. In any case, in his
written testimony, Calvin Tan had confirmed that Peter Sim was not the
draftsman. Although the question of who prepared the agreement is not material
to my findings, I believe it is more than likely that Calvin Tan came up with
the draft somehow, contrary to his denials (N/E144). I do not believe the
first plaintiff had any hand in the drafting, save for the formula for payment
of the interest, in para 5.  
  
Another witness called by the defendant was OSH. I rejected the application of
his counsel to treat OSH as a hostile witness from the very outset, without
first listening to his testimony. There was no basis for such an application,
merely because OSH had made it plain to counsel he was reluctant to attend
court and get involved in the dispute between the nephews and their uncle, who
was also his cousin. I did not view his refusal to acknowledge service of
counsel`s subpoena as a hostile act; it was not an uncommon occurrence amongst
lay persons especially the less educated; OSH had said he is illiterate
(N/E165).  
  
In fact, I found OSH (DW4) to be a truthful albeit a reluctant, witness. OSH
confirmed that he did not attend meetings of OTP prior to 1999 because there
was no disagreement amongst the directors and, his role was only to represent
the estate; he was also not a director. It was only after disputes arose
between the parties that he started attending meetings of OTP. This is
reflected in the minutes such as that of the meeting dated 22 November 2000
(see 2AB123) where it was he, not the plaintiffs or the defendant, who
proposed that the company be wound up after it had disposed of its properties;
OSH explained his move was prompted by the deadlock in the company resulting
from the plaintiffs` intention to take loans and, the defendant`s refusal to
sign cheques for the same. His proposal was approved by the plaintiffs and
passed; the defendant however objected, notwithstanding that on 27 July 2000
(see 1AB341), at a general meeting held to amend various articles of
association of the company, he had signed (for filing with the Registry of
Companies) resolutions which included the following:

> _Insertion of article 154A_

> _In the event of a sale by the company of the properties situate at 11
> Tannery Lane, 16 Kallang Pudding Road and 20 Kallang Pudding Road, the
> company shall be dissolved immediately upon completion of the sale of the
> said properties._

  
  
OSH confirmed the testimony of the first plaintiff that although he was the
executor of the estate, he left estate matters to the solicitors and the
defendant to handle. He was not even aware that the grant of probate had been
extracted on 18 October 1999. Whenever the solicitors asked questions
pertaining to the estate, he would refer the same to the defendant (this was
confirmed by the defendant). One reason was because OSH was not familiar with
the affairs nor with the various companies of, his late uncle. Secondly, he
was pre-occupied with his own hardware business. Even so, when the defendant
approached him to be appointed executor of the estate in his place sometime
last year, OSH refused - he was afraid there would be chaos if he agreed
(N/E174). Further, he did not think the defendant had been handling the estate
matters well. Although he clearly did not relish his appointment by the late
Ong Toh (according to the first plaintiff OSH was chosen because he had no
direct stake in the estate), I found that OSH nevertheless discharged his
duties as executor. This can be seen from the fact that he took the initiative
to change solicitors for the probate proceedings when he was dissatisfied with
the slow pace of the firm appointed by the defendant and, he was not willing
to relinquish his executorship in favour of the defendant.  
  
OSH said he did not know about the agreement nor that OTP`s properties were
used as collateral for the defendant`s bank borrowings nor that the defendant
paid compensation to the plaintiffs, until 1999; this was after the parties`
relationship had soured. When there was no dispute between the parties, OSH
said there was no need to inform him of what happened in the company. However,
he refuted the defendant`s written testimony that he was told about the loan
in August-September 2000 and, that the plaintiffs were then intending to wind
up the company, let alone that he had expressed surprise at the defendant`s
information. OSH explained that he abstained from voting at the meeting on 26
December 2000 (see 2AB126) on the change to art 92(1) of the company`s
articles of association with regards to who should be bank signatories
because, he did not wish to interfere in the running of the company. Hence, at
the earlier annual general meeting (on 27 July 2000) of the company touching
on amending the same article, he had also abstained from voting on a motion to
have three groups of bank signatories comprising of:

(1) the second plaintiffs;

(2) the first plaintiff;

(3) the defendant.

  
  
Against the objections of the first plaintiff, the resolution was carried and
the minutes signed by the defendant as chairman. Subsequently, on 22 November
2000, OSH was added as a fourth group to the authorised bank signatories (on a
motion proposed by the first plaintiff), despite the defendant`s objections.
The move was to override the defendant`s refusal to sign cheques for the loans
the plaintiffs wanted. It appeared from the minutes (see 2AB123-124) that OSH
departed from his usual policy of non-interference and cast his vote in favour
of the motion.  
  
According to OSH, the plaintiffs did take loans from OTP. OSH took the view
that as the defendant had borrowed $16m from the company based on the
defendant`s percentage of shareholdings, there was no reason why the
plaintiffs could not do the same. He testified (N/E169) that the second
plaintiffs wanted to borrow $1.45m each but there was something wrong with the
dates on the cheques issued to them (which he co-signed) so the cheques were
not cleared. As for the first plaintiff, his cheque for $5.49m was cleared but
he returned the money to the company subsequently, at the request of OSH, in
the light of the growing dispute between the parties.  
  
Finally, OSH confirmed the defendant gave him a copy of the letter dated 15
October 1997 after taking him to the office of Peter Sim to witness its
signing, but not the agreement. Contrary to Calvin Tan`s claim, however, OSH
said only he and the defendant were present at the lawyer`s office, not Calvin
Tan.  
  
OSH`s evidence on his non-interference in the affairs of the company and his
absence from meetings of OTP (before July 1999) was confirmed by the
liquidator, Chan (DW3). Although Chan Hwee Ping (from an associated company
Sincere Secretarial Services) was the company secretary, Chan testified that
he had been assisting the former (since 1989 to date) in drafting minutes of
meetings. It was the practice for the company secretary to circulate
resolutions for signature amongst the shareholders, including OSH. Usually,
resolutions would be prepared based on telephone requests from either a
director or a clerk but he was unable to tell who specifically instructed
which resolution to be prepared. When his attention was drawn to resolutions
(see 1AB77) which did not contain the signature of OSH, Chan explained that
the company secretary assumed that OSH would sign it eventually and the matter
was left at that. Chan further confirmed that because OTP was a family
company, notice for meetings (whether general or special/extraordinary) was
usually waived.  
  
As for the liquidation proceedings, Chan said he was awaiting tax clearance,
after having published the requisite notices in the newspapers. He confirmed
that it was incumbent on him as the company`s liquidator, to investigate any
allegations of breach of director`s duties and to prosecute offenders, if
necessary.  
  
**_Decision_**

****

  
  
I awarded judgment to the plaintiffs on both suits because the defendant`s
various defences were without any merit whatsoever, not to mention that he
failed to discharge the burden to prove his allegations; I shall now address
each of his defences in turn.  
  
**ILLEGALITY**

  
  
**(1)the agreement was ultra vires the articles of association of OTP**

  
  
**(2)breach of the plaintiffs` fidicuary duties to OTP**

  
  
**(3)failure by the plaintiffs to disclose their interests under the agreement
when passing the resolutions agreeing to mortgage the properties**

  
  
**(4)no company resolution approving the pecuniary benefit the plaintiffs
obtained under the agreement**

  
  
These defences were totally misconceived as the company was not involved in
the agreement at all. As the plaintiffs had repeatedly asserted, it was a
private arrangement between themselves and the defendant **_in their personal
capacities_**. The plaintiffs and the defendant were also the company`s common
shareholders/directors; they had approved the use by the defendant of the
company`s properties as collateral for his personal loan and the necessary
board resolutions had been passed. OSH was **_not_** a shareholder of OTP in
his own right but represented the estate which ultimate beneficiaries were
also the first plaintiff and the defendant. As the first plaintiff had asked
of counsel for the defendant - who else should the plaintiffs declare their
interests to? My view is reinforced by an extract from a textbook authority
relied on by the defendant, namely **_Walter Woon`s Company Law_** (2nd Ed) at
p 266, which states:

> _Directors must exercise their discretion bona fide in what they consider
> (not what a court may consider) is in the interest of the company ... Their
> overriding motive must be to advance the company`s interests. Put in its
> extreme form, what this rule amounts to is this: everything that a director
> does**qua** director must be done to promote or advance the interests of his
> company._

  
  
On the issue of ultra vires, I need only refer to two extracts from **_Guide
to Company Law in Malaysia and Singapore_** (3rd Ed) at pp 104-105 included in
the defendant`s bundle of authorities:

> _[para ]3-145 Acts which are ultra vires_

> _Ultra vires acts are acts which are unauthorised by the objects clause in
> the Memorandum of Association of a company ..._

> _[para ]3-150 Effect of ultra vires acts_

> _A transaction which is found to be ultra vires is void and
> unenforceable**against the company** ... [Emphasis is added.]_

  
  
Consequently, the numerous authorities cited by counsel for the defendant, of
the duty on directors to declare secret profits they received at the expense
of their companies, has no relevance to our case.  
  
Although it was pleaded in the further and better particulars of the defence
(filed on 7 February 2001) on the issue of ultra vires that:

> _The alleged agreement which inter alia allowed the plaintiff to claim an
> interest of 8% per annum through the Company`s Properties being used as a
> security is not provided for under the Company`s Memorandum and Articles of
> Association_

  
  
the defendant did not exhibit the company`s articles of association either in
his affidavit of evidence or in his bundle of documents (2AB1-128); nor were
they included in the plaintiffs` documents. Consequently, the defendant`s
allegation could not be verified. In any case, I noted that the company had
passed a special resolution at an extraordinary general meeting held on 23
July 1997 (see 1AB64-65) to amend its articles of association to include
clauses which allowed the company to guarantee the debts, etc of third parties
by mortgaging its assets (if indeed the provision was absent from its articles
of association).  
  
I return now to the authorities mentioned earlier, starting with **_Miller v
Karlinski_** (supra). That case has no relevance whatsoever as can be seen
from the following headnotes:

> _A contract of employment by which the employee is to be paid a specified
> weekly sum as salary and to recover from his employer the amount payable out
> of that sum in respect of income tax by including it in an account for
> travelling expenses is not severable, but**the whole contract is illegal as
> being contrary to public policy and the courts will not entertain an action
> to enforce any of its terms. No action will therefore lie to recover arrears
> of salary alleged to be due.** [Emphasis ia added.]_

  
  
It bears reiterating at this juncture that the agreement is not illegal per se
so as to preclude its enforcement.  
  
As for **_Napier v National Business Agency_** (supra), that case again
touched on a scheme calculated to deceive the revenue authorities which the
appellate court again held was unenforceable; this is apparent from its
headnotes which read:

> _The defendants engaged the plaintiff to act as their secretary and
> accountant at a salary of o13 a week together with o6 a week for expenses.
> Both parties were aware that the plaintiff`s expenses could never amount to
> o6 a week and, in fact, they did not exceed o1 a week. Each week the
> defendants deducted from the salary of o13 a week the amount of income tax
> appropriate to that sum, and the payment of o6 a week was represented as a
> reimbursement of expenses on the returns made to the Inland Revenue
> Commissioners. The plaintiff was summarily dismissed, and claimed payment
> from the defendants, in lieu of notice, of o13 a week for a certain period._

> _Held:_

> _
>
> (i) the provisions of the service agreement relating expenses were intended
> to mislead the taxation authorities and evade tax, and, therefore, the
> agreement was contrary to public policy;
(ii) although the plaintiff sought only to enforce the provisions of the
agreement relating to salary, those provisions were not severable from the
rest of the agreement and were equally unenforceable.

_

  
  
**(5)concealing the agreement from and deceiving, the inland revenue
authorities**

  
  
Unlike the plaintiffs in **_Miller v Karlinski_** and** _Napier v National
Business Agency_** (supra), the plaintiffs in this case did not attempt to
create a false agreement to deceive the tax authorities; they sued on the
agreement which reflected the actual intention of both parties. How then can
it be said they had deceived the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore
(`IRAS`)? What is true and which the plaintiffs readily admitted was, they did
not declare to IRAS the interest they had received from the defendant, as part
of their income. As I had said in [para ]25 above, that is a matter between
the plaintiffs and IRAS - whether the interest is deemed to be taxable income;
it does not concern the court and failure to declare the income (if found to
be the case) to IRAS does not afford the defendant any defence to the
plaintiffs` claim.  
  
**(6)the agreement offended sections 3 and 8 of the Moneylenders Act (Cap
188)**

  
  
The defendant did not adduce any evidence to substantiate this defence nor did
his counsel question the plaintiffs or make reference to it in his final
submissions. Consequently, this defence was deemed to be abandoned.  
  
**LACK OF CONSIDERATION**

  
  
I believe it is clear from the face of the agreement itself, that the
plaintiffs did provide good and valuable consideration for the defendant`s
payment. The operative words are to be found in para 4 which states:

> _Because you [the plaintiffs] have all willingly permitted the Company to so
> mortgage the property [the three properties] to IBS for my benefit, I will
> compensate you for your opportunity cost at the rate of eight (8) percent
> per annum payable monthly on the outstanding principal sum owing to IBS ..._

  
  
On the law, the learned authors of **_Chitty on Contracts_** (28th Ed) Vol 1 p
187 state as follows:

> _3-036[ensp ]Benefit to promisor sufficient_

> _The requirement that consideration must move from the promisee is most
> generally satisfied where some detriment is suffered by him e.g. where he
> parts with money or goods, or renders services, in exchange for the promise.
> But the requirement may equally be satisfied where the promisee confers a
> benefit on the promisor without suffering any detriment._

  
  
Consequently, the fact that OTP, not the plaintiffs, suffered a detriment
which led eventually to its properties being sold, does not render the
consideration provided by the plaintiffs any less valuable.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

  
  
Having considered the evidence in its totality, I was of the view that the
plaintiffs (whose testimony I accepted) had proved their case on a balance of
probabilities. The defendant on the other hand, was not able to substantiate
any of the defences he had put up. In addition, his testimony sometimes
contradicted the documents produced in court. Accordingly, I awarded judgment
to the first and second plaintiffs in the first and second suits as per their
claims.  
  
**Outcome:**

Claims allowed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jul 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

