Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tay Kah Tiang v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGCA 19

Case Number | : | Cr M 8/2001, Cr App 23/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 March 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; L P Thean JA; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christina Goh Siok Leng (Christina Goh & Co) and David Lee (Ang & Lee) for the appellant; Bala Reddy and Stephanie Wong (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tay Kah Tiang — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Trafficking in controlled drugs – Possession –
Whether appellant in physical possession of drugs for purpose of trafficking –
Whether appellant had knowledge of drugs – Whether presumption of possession
for purpose of trafficking under s 17 of Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 1998
Ed) triggered-Whether appellant discharged burden of rebutting presumption – s
17 Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 1998 Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Motion to adduce additional
evidence – Principles governing motion to adduce additional evidence – Non-
availability, relevance and credibility of additional evidence – Whether
conditions for court's exercise of discretion to admit additional evidence
fulfilled – s 55 Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Ed)  
  

(delivering the grounds of judgment of the court): This was an appeal by the
appellant against a conviction at the High Court of a capital charge of being
in possession of 45 packets of substance containing not less than 24.12g of
diamorphine for the purposes of trafficking. We heard the appeal on 2 March
2001 and dismissed it and now give our reasons.  
  
**_The facts_**

****

The appellant, female, 36 years old, is a drug addict and was previously an
inmate of the Drug Rehabilitation Centre. She is divorced with three children,
but the children are in the custody of her ex-husband.  
  
On 22 March 2000, at 4.20pm she was arrested by Central Narcotics Bureau
(`CNB`) officers in room 507, Brendma East Park Hotel, Kitchener Road. With
her in the room was a male friend, one Lai Gek Siew (`Lai`), 41 years old,
unemployed, who is also a drug addict. Both had been staying at the hotel from
14 March 2000 until their arrest. The staff of the hotel told the court that
they would only allow a Singaporean to register for a room if he or she
produced his/her identity card. The room was registered in the name of Lai
because the appellant did not have her identity card, having lost it more than
a year ago.  
  
Heroin in packets was found in the room. Three straws of heroin were on a
chair. Three packets wrapped in newsprint and four straws were in a drawer of
a dressing table. A black drawstring bag, with a total of 45 packets of
heroin, was found hidden in the false ceiling above the bathroom. The
drawstring bag was not sealed or locked. Inside the black drawstring bag were
three plastic bags: a red, a blue and a black. In the red plastic bag were 20
packets of substance. In the blue plastic bag were two newsprint wrappings,
each containing five packets of substance. In the black plastic bag there were
three newsprint wrappers, each containing five packets of substance. The
charge preferred against the appellant related only to the drugs found in the
drawstring bag. The 45 packets had a net weight of 24.12g of diamorphine.  
  
At the time, scissors, pincers (tweezers), paper foil, some 109 empty plastic
sachets, a digital weighing scale and lighters were also found in the room.
Evidence was adduced which showed that the appellant had purchased a digital
weighing scale a few days before her arrest. The receipt for the purchase was
found in her wallet. But no heroin stains were found on the weighing scale.  
  
In the appellant`s statement recorded on 23 March 2000, under s 122(6) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) (`CPC`), she said:

> _I did not intend to sell the drugs. A male Malaysian asked me to keep the
> drugs for him. My friend Lai Gek Siew has nothing to do with the drugs._

  
  
In her second statement recorded on 29 March 2000, she admitted to the
ownership of the drugs, stating that the 45 packets found in the black
drawstring bag were given to her by one Hak Chai for safe-keeping and in
return Hak Chai would forgo the $1,000 debt she owed him. In her third
statement recorded on 5 April 2000, she gave an account of her dealings with
Hak Chai. She also exonerated Lai from any knowledge of the drawstring bag. In
her words, `I did not tell (Lai) about the black bag.`  
  
However, there is an aspect of the evidnece which should be mentioned at this
juncture. A fingerprint expert, ASP Lay Yeow Khoon, told the court that Lai`s
fingerprints were found on the magazine paper used to wrap some of the drugs.
Lai explained that he had been reading some of the magazines taken from the
hotel front desk. The pages came from the 11-17 March 2000 issue of Singapore
This Week, a tourist promotional magazine freely distributed at the hotel
reception. The appellant did not make any comment regarding this aspect of
Lai`s evidence. Lai also said that the heroin in the room belonged to the
appellant, except as regards those in the drawstring bag found in the false
ceiling, which he did not know existed. Neither did he know how the drawstring
bag happened to be there. Lai was eventually not charged for drug-trafficking
though he was arrested together with the appellant. Instead, he testified for
the prosecution.  
  
In the light of the foregoing evidence, the trial judge called upon the
appellant to enter her defence. The appellant`s evidence was that on 12 March
2000, she received five packets of heroin from Hak Chai, a drug peddler, who
had taken over from a previous peddler, `Ah Tee`. Those five packets of heroin
were for her own consumption. They cost $1,000 and were not paid for. In
return for waiving the debt, Hak Chai wanted the appellant to safe-keep
something for him. So on 19 March 2000, Hak Chai asked the appellant to go to
a rubbish bin near the Toa Payoh Post Office to pick up a plastic bag. She
collected the plastic bag at around 8pm and returned to the hotel. She then
called Hak Chai and was asked by the latter to help him keep it. She was
informed that its contents were of a value of $9,000. He also informed the
appellant that he would call her again later with regard to the return of the
drawstring bag.  
  
On opening the plastic bag, the appellant saw a black drawstring bag and a
paper wrapper. Inside the paper wrapper, there were three packets of heroin.
She took the three packets as they were meant for her personal consumption.
She did not open the drawstring bag. She then hid the drawstring bag, with the
substance therein, above the false ceiling of the bathroom. She did not touch
it again. The next time she saw the drawstring bag was on the day of her
arrest, when the CNB officers retrieved it from the false ceiling.  
  
The appellant admitted that the three straws of heroin found on the chair and
the three packets and four straws of heroin found in the drawer were hers, but
they were for her own consumption. She also stated that it was Hak Chai who
had asked her to buy the digital weighing scale and the empty plastic sachets,
although she did not know what purposes they were meant for.  
  
It would be noted that the only inconsistency in her oral evidence, compared
with the statements she gave earlier, was her denial of being the owner of the
heroin, or that she suspected the black drawstring bag contained heroin. She
admitted that Hak Chai had placed three packets of heroin in the plastic bag
(together with the black drawstring bag), for her personal consumption. The
trial judge drew the obvious inference that the 45 packets of heroin found in
the black drawstring bag were not meant for the appellant`s own consumption
but was for trafficking. He also held that the appellant would be guilty of
trafficking even if the drug in the drawstring bag were meant to be returned
to Hak Chai later.  
  
**_Motion to adduce additional evidence_**

****

Before we proceed to examine the grounds raised by the appellant at the
appeal, we ought to refer to a motion filed by the appellant to adduce
additional evidence for this court`s consideration of the appeal.  
  
In her affidavit filed in support of the motion, the appellant alleged that it
was Lai who had bought the digital weighing scale and had also brought the
black drawstring bag into the hotel room, without telling her about them.
Furthermore, at the time the CNB officers raided the room, Lai had asked her
to shoulder the blame and responsibility for the drugs found in the room. He
repeated this request on two occasions later. She said that she did as was
told by Lai because Lai had assured her that she would only serve a short
sentence of between eight to ten years and he had also promised her that he
would marry her after her imprisonment and would, while she was serving her
imprisonment, look after her mother. As she loved him very much, she agreed to
the suggestion. Furthermore, when she accepted blame, on behalf of Lai, she
did not know that the black drawstring bag contained drugs. The appellant
claimed that, for all these reasons, she concocted a story that she had
collected the black drawstring bag from Hak Chai.  
  
The appellant thus wanted to adduce the following additional evidence. First,
that Lai asked her to purchase the digital weighing scale. Secondly, that on
21 March 2000, Lai told her that a friend had left the black drawstring bag
with him and told her not to ask so many questions about it. Lai then took the
black drawstring bag to the bathroom and returned to the room without it. It
was Lai who placed it above the false ceiling. Thirdly, Lai had, on several
occasions, asked her to shoulder the blame for the drugs. She agreed to do so,
because she loved him and thought that her own family (her three children) did
not care for her.  
  
Explaining why she decided to tell the true version of the events at this
eleventh hour, she said that after the conviction at the High Court, her three
children had visited her and showed much love and concern for her. She was
moved. On the other hand, Lai had not kept his promise to take care of her
mother. She realised she should live for the children and not die for Lai.  
  
It is clear that this court, on hearing an appeal, has the power to admit
additional evidence. This is provided for in s 55 of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Ed) (`SCJA`), which reads as follows:

> _
>
> (1) In dealing with any appeal, the Court of Appeal may, if it thinks
> additional evidence is necessary, either take such evidence itself or direct
> it to be taken by the trial court.
>
> (2) When such additional evidence is taken by the trial court, it shall
> certify such evidence, with a statement of its opinion on the case
> considered with regard to the additional evidence, to the Court of Appeal,
> and the Court of Appeal shall thereupon proceed to dispose of the appeal.
>
> (3) The parties to the appeal shall be present when such additional evidence
> is taken.
>
> (4) In dealing with any appeal, the Court of Appeal may also, if it thinks
> fit, call for and receive from the trial court a report of any matter
> connected with the trial.
>
> _

  
  
The conditions to be fulfilled before the court exercises the power to admit
additional evidence were enunciated by Lord Denning in **Ladd v Marshall**
[1954] 3 All ER 745. In that case, the court laid down three conditions and
they relate to non-availability of the fresh evidence, the relevance of the
new evidence and the credibility of that evidence. This test involving the
application of the three conditions was adopted and applied by this court in
numerous cases, eg **Rajendra Prasad v PP** [1991] 2 MLJ 1  and **Van Damme
Johannes v PP** [1994] 1 SLR 246 .  
  
On the facts, there could not be any question that the first condition of non-
availability was not satisfied. Counsel for the appellant, Ms Goh, had to
concede as much. All the additional evidence sought to be adduced was
available at the time of the trial and could have been adduced had the
appellant been so minded to do. The appellant was also represented by Ms Goh
at the trial.  
  
On the second condition, despite Mr Reddy`s submission to the contrary, we
thought that the additional evidence was clearly relevant. But, in our
opinion, what the additional evidence which the appellant sought to adduce
failed to satisfy related to the third condition on credibility.  
  
The appellant said in her affidavit that on the day the CNB officers came into
the hotel room, Lai, who was standing behind her, asked her to shoulder the
blame for the drugs. If Lai had whispered anything to the appellant, the CNB
officers would have noticed. What was more incredible was the assertion that
she agreed to assume blame, expecting, as he told her, that it would only be a
matter of imprisonment of some eight to ten years. But surely when the charge
and consequent punishment were read and explained to her before the trial, the
appellant would have known the serious nature of the charge. Ms Goh was
already her counsel. She could not have failed to appreciate that the charge
she faced carried the death penalty, and yet she went through the trial
asserting that Lai had nothing to do with the drugs.  
  
We would hasten to add that we recognised that the primary consideration of s
55(1) of the SCJA, in allowing fresh evidence, is the interest of justice. But
it does not follow that each time a convicted accused changes his mind,
justice would require that he be given an opportunity to adduce further
evidence. The court has to assess each situation as it arises. In this regard,
we had borne in mind what Lord Taylor CJ said in **Ahluwalia** [1992] 4 All ER
889:

> _Ordinarily, of course, any available defences should be advanced at trial
> ... It cannot be too strongly emphasised that this court would require much
> persuasion to allow such a defence to be raised for the first time here if
> the option had been exercised at the trial not to pursue it. Otherwise, as
> must be clear, defendants might be encouraged to run one defence at trial in
> the belief that if it fails, this court would allow a different defence to
> be raised and give the defendant, in effect, two opportunities to run
> different defences. Nothing could be further from the truth._

> _..._

> _We emphasise that the circumstances we have described and which have led us
> to this conclusion are wholly exceptional._

  
  
In **R v Stafford** [1968] 3 All ER 752, Edmund Davies LJ also sounded a
similar note of caution of the possible mischief if the court should regularly
receive fresh evidence when there was no adequate explanation for the failure
to adduce it at trial:

> _public mischief would ensue and legal process could become indefinitely
> prolonged were it the case that evidence produced at any time will generally
> be admitted by this court when verdicts are being reviewed._

  
  
While recognising the overriding consideration of justice, Yong Pung How CJ in
**Juma`at bin Samad v PP** [1993] 3 SLR 338  at 347G put the whole matter in
perspective as follows:

> _It is true that there are situations where the court would allow additional
> evidence to be called even though it could not be strictly said that the
> evidence was not available at the time of the trial, if it can be shown that
> a miscarriage of justice has resulted. The core principle in s 257 of the
> CPC [pari materia with s 55(1) of the SCJA] after all, is that additional
> evidence may be taken if it is necessary, which must mean necessary in the
> interests of justice. That said, it must be emphasised in no uncertain terms
> that such a situation will arise only in the most extraordinary
> circumstances._

  
  
Reverting to the present case, we did not see any extraordinary circumstances
warranting the exercise of our discretion in admitting the additional
evidence. The appellant ran a line of defence at the trial. That was rejected.
Now at the appeal stage she took a defence which was completely at variance
with the defence taken at the trial. There was nothing to suggest that what
she now sought to say at this late stage was likely to be more credible than
what she said at the trial. Furthermore, even if we believed what she alleged
in the motion to be true, that the drugs were, in fact, brought back by Lai,
and belonged to Lai, the evidence (including her evidence that she bought the
weighing scale on behalf of Lai) suggested quite clearly that she was very
much involved in Lai`s drug activities. She was not an innocent bystander. She
abetted in what he did.  
  
**_The question of possession_**

****

The main contention of the appellant at the trial was that she did not know
there were drugs in the drawstring bag. Contrary to the statements she gave,
she denied having admitted that she was the owner of the drugs in that bag.  
  
Before us, counsel for the appellant submitted that the prosecution had not
proven beyond a reasonable doubt that the appellant had possession of the
drawstring bag and its contents. It was pointed out that whenever the
appellant was out of the room, the room key would be left with Lai or the
hotel reception counter. The appellant and Lai seldom went out of the hotel
room together. There were occasions when the appellant went out, and Lai was
still in the room, and she would leave the room key with Lai. If, however, at
the time, Lai had already gone out, the appellant would leave the room key
with the hotel reception. On her return, when she approached the hotel
reception counter for the room key, the receptionist would give the key to her
without asking for identification. Furthermore, when she was out of the room,
she would not know if Lai had brought anyone else into the room. The thrust of
all these contentions was to show that between 19 March and 22 March 2000, the
contents of the drawstring bag could have been tampered with by a third party.  
  
Another argument of the appellant was that she did not know what was in the
drawstring bag or that they were drugs. She did not check the contents of the
bag as she had no reason to and had no permission from Hak Chai to do so.  
  
**_Our determination_**

****

The evidence did not bear out the assertion of the appellant that the
drawstring bag placed above the bathroom ceiling could have been tampered with
by a third party. There was no evidence that Lai had allowed any third party
to enter the hotel room. Lai was not even asked about this when he was in the
witness box. Neither could the appellant say that there were any occasion on
which Lai had brought anyone to the room. In this connection, we must point
out that according to the appellant, Lai had no knowledge of the drawstring
bag. Neither was there any evidence that a stranger could have entered the
hotel room using the room key because the hotel reception counter staff did
not ask for identification before handing over the room key. The defence did
not cross-examine the hotel management staff along this line. It could very
well be that the reception counter staff recognised who the appellant was and
thus did not ask for identification before handing the room key over to her.  
  
This entire assertion was highly speculative and conjectural. The fact of the
matter was that the drawstring bag was hidden by the appellant above the false
ceiling of the bathroom. It was not within view. Her intention was obviously
to prevent anyone from seeing it or discovering it by chance.  
  
The appellant admitted getting the drawstring bag from Hak Chai, her drug
peddler. The understanding was that she would safe-keep the drawstring bag and
its contents for Hak Chai and in return Hak Chai would not demand the payment
of the $1,000 debt, which the appellant owed Hak Chai in respect of a previous
supply of heroin. In her cautioned statement recorded on 23 March 2000, she
admitted that Lai, though occupying the same room with her, had nothing to do
with the drug. She repeated that in a later statement. Therefore, there was
ample evidence for the trial judge to have concluded that the appellant had
physical possession of the drawstring bag and the contents therein.  
  
Finally, we would refer briefly to the point that the appellant did not have
exclusive access to the room. However, that fact does not necessarily suggest
that she could not have possession of the drugs: see **Fun Seong Cheng v PP**
[1997] 3 SLR 523  and **Chia Song Heng v PP** [1999] 4 SLR 705 . It would
depend on the circumstances of the case. Here, the appellant said she placed
the drawstring bag with its contents above the false ceiling of the bathroom.
According to her, Lai did not know about the bag. Lai also told the court that
he did not know of the existence of the bag until the CNB officers discovered
it. There was no evidence that anyone had tampered with the bag or was likely
to have tampered with the bag.  
  
**_The appellant`s knowledge of the drug_**

****

It is settled law that to prove possession, apart from mere physical
possession, knowledge is required: see eg **Low Kok Wai v PP** [1994] 1 SLR
676 , **Lim Lye Huat Benny v PP** [1996] 1 SLR 253  and **Lim Beng Soon v PP**
[2000] 4 SLR 589 .  
  
In the statement recorded on 5 April 2000, the appellant said that although
she did not ask Hak Chai about the contents in the drawstring bag, she
suspected the stuff inside to be heroin. She also stated that `a male
Malaysian asked me to keep the drugs for him`. Upon her return to the hotel
room, she opened the plastic bag and saw a black drawstring bag and a
newspaper wrapping containing three packets of heroin which were for her own
consumption.  
  
By its very nature, in a case of this kind, knowledge is a matter that has to
be inferred in the light of all the circumstances. In our judgment, the
appellant knew that there were illegal drugs in the bag. First, Hak Chai was a
drug peddler and had previously supplied drugs to her. Second, the very
secretive and suspicious manner in which Hak Chai chose to pass the drawstring
bag to the appellant (leaving it at a public dustbin). Third, there were three
packets of heroin in the plastic bag which were meant for the appellant.
Fourth, the appellant was told that the stuff in the bag were of a value of
$9,000. Fifth, for the favour of safe-keeping the drawstring bag (and the
stuff therein), Hak Chai would write off the debt of $1,000 which the
appellant owed him. Sixth, she hid the drawstring bag, with its contents,
above the false ceiling of the bathroom. All these pointed irresistibly to the
fact that the appellant knew the nature of the stuff in the drawstring bag.
This was further confirmed by what she said in her statements. It was not just
an instance of wilful blindness. She was fully aware of the contents. Thus, we
entirely agreed with the trial judge that possession of the drugs by the
appellant had been proven beyond a reasonable doubt. The presumption laid down
in s 17 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 1998 Ed) (`MDA`) that she was in
possession of the drugs for the purposes of trafficking was accordingly
triggered.  
  
**_Future return to owners_**

****

There is one last point we need to mention in passing. According to the
appellant, she was to keep the drawstring bag (with the contents) for Hak
Chai, and that Hak Chai would later contact her to tell her how to dispose of
the drugs. The fact that the appellant was holding the drugs as a safe-keeper
and would be passing them on (either back to Hak Chai or to a third person
indicated by Hak Chai) would not render the possession any less that it was
for the purpose of trafficking: see **Sze Siew Luan v PP** [1997] 2 SLR 522 ,
**PP v Goh Hock Huat** [1995] 1 SLR 274  and **Lee Yuan Kwang v PP** [1995] 2
SLR 349 . It must be borne in mind that `traffic` is defined in the MDA to
mean, inter alia, `give`, `transport` or `deliver`. Indeed, the fact that the
appellant would be delivering the drugs either back to Hak Chai or to a third
person reinforces the point that she was in possession for the purpose of
trafficking.  
  
**_Judgment_**

****

For the reasons given above, possession by the appellant of at least 24.12g
(nett) of diamorphine was proven beyond a reasonable doubt. The presumption
under s 17 of the MDA was triggered. She failed to discharge on a balance of
probabilities the burden of rebutting the presumption raised against her.
Thus, the conviction recorded against the appellant was not impugned. In the
premises, we dismissed the appeal.  
  
**Outcome:**

Motion and appeal dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Mar 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

