Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Loh Kim Lan and Another v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGHC 3

Case Number | : | MA 197/2000, 207/2000, Cr M 21/ 2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 January 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wee Pan Lee (Wee, Tay & Lim) for the appellants; Lee Sing Lit and Toh Yung Cheong (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Loh Kim Lan; Another — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Adducing fresh evidence – Whether
fresh evidence previously unavailable – Whether fresh evidence relevant  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Identification parade – Failure to conduct
identification parade – Whether probative value of identification evidence
adversely affected – Whether identification evidence of good quality – Whether
accused correctly identified  
  
Immigration – Employment – Illegal foreign worker – Abetment of employment of
immigration offender by intentional aiding – Whether accused knowingly aids
employment of immigration offender  
  
Immigration – Employment – Illegal foreign worker – Presumption of employment
and knowledge – Whether presumptions rebutted – s 57(8) Immigration Act (Cap
133)  
  
Words and Phrases – "Employ" – s 2 Immigration Act (Cap 133)  
  

: The first appellant was charged with abetting, by intentionally aiding, the
second appellant in the employment of an immigration offender under s 57(1)(e)
of the Immigration Act (Cap 133) (`the Act`) read with s 109 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224), while the second appellant was charged with the principal offence
of employing an immigration offender. At the end of the trial, both appellants
were convicted. The trial judge sentenced the first appellant to seven months`
imprisonment and ordered the second appellant to pay a fine of $100,000. I
dismissed both appellants` appeals against their convictions and affirmed the
sentences imposed. I now give my reasons.  
  
**_The background facts_**

****

The first appellant worked as a part-time cashier-cum-mamasan in the second
appellant company. The second appellant was at all material times the occupier
of the premises located at 116 Middle Road [num ]01-01-04, which premises were
known as the Golden Crystal Nightclub (`the Nightclub`).  
  
At or around 12.57am on the morning of 5 September 1999, a party of police
officers from the Central Police Division conducted a raid on the second
appellant`s premises. One Ling Hui Wen (PW1) (`Ling`), a female People`s
Republic of China (`PRC`) national, was arrested during the raid.  
  
On 13 September 1999, Ling was convicted under s 6(1)(c) of the Act for
illegal entry into Singapore. She was sentenced to one month`s imprisonment
and fined a sum of $2,000. At the time of the hearing of the trial of this
case, Ling had finished serving her sentence and was waiting to return home to
the PRC.  
  
**_The prosecution`s case_**

****

Ling gave evidence that she entered Singapore illegally by boat on 1 September
1999. One `Xiao Ming`, a PRC national, had arranged for her entry. When she
arrived, he gave her a namecard bearing the name and address of the Nightclub
and told her that she could work there as a hostess and earn the tips which
the customers gave.  
  
On 3 September 1999, Ling visited the Nightclub`s premises at Middle Road to
see if there was business. She did not speak with anyone there on this
occasion.  
  
The next day on 4 September 1999, Ling went to the Nightclub again at around
11.30pm. Upon entering the premises, she was approached by the first appellant
who asked her if she wanted to work. When she replied in the affirmative, the
first appellant led her into one of the karaoke rooms in the Nightclub and
gestured for her to sit beside one of the male patrons.  
  
Throughout the next two hours or so, the first appellant returned to the room
at least twice. Each time, she would sit and chat with the customers for at
least five to ten minutes before leaving the room.  
  
In court, Ling positively identified the first appellant as the person who had
asked her whether or not she wanted to work and who had brought her into the
karaoke room on the night in question. She admitted however that she had not
seen the first appellant since the time of her (Ling`s) arrest on 5 September
1999. Thus, at no time between then and the commencement of the trial on 7
April 2000 did Ling see the first appellant again. She further testified that
no identification parade was ever conducted by the police and that a photo-
identification carried out in the police station was conducted only after Ling
had been released from prison. She was certain nevertheless that the appellant
was the same woman who had approached her on the night of 4 September 1999 at
the Nightclub.  
  
The prosecution also called one Ghor Ah Hock (PW2) (`Ghor`) to testify. Ghor
gave evidence that he went to the Nightclub on the night in question with his
friends for a karaoke session. The first appellant was the mamasan who
attended to them that evening. After they ordered drinks, the first appellant
brought in a hostess, whom Ghor identified in court to be Ling, and gestured
for her to sit with him which she did. Thereafter, Ghor continued singing with
his friends until the police came and arrested Ling.  
  
It was accepted that, as with the case of Ling, no identification parade was
carried out for Ghor to identify the first appellant. The only time after 5
September 1999 that Ghor saw the first appellant again was during the trial
itself when the first appellant was the only person sitting in the dock.
Nevertheless, Ghor maintained that he was very certain that the first
appellant was the mamasan who had gestured for Ling to sit with him that
evening.  
  
One Ee Bong Lian (PW3) also gave evidence for the prosecution. Her evidence
however, added little to the facts in issue. As such, I do not propose to deal
with it.  
  
**_The defence_**

****

The first appellant gave evidence that the Nightclub employed four mamasans
and over ten hostesses. As a mamasan, her job was to ask hostesses to
accompany the patrons.  
  
On the night in question, the first appellant was the mamasan on duty. Her job
was to check on the patrons in the karaoke rooms regularly to see if hostesses
were required. If so, she would return to the counter outside and press the
button which bore the number assigned to the relevant hostess. This would
inform that particular hostess that her services were required and she would
then approach the counter. From here, the mamasan would lead her into one of
the karaoke rooms and direct her to sing and chat with the customers.  
  
The first appellant gave evidence that every hostess at the Nightclub had to
have a number assigned to her. The assignment of numbers would take place only
after the hostess had undergone an interview with the management of the club
and no one could just come in and work without first going through the proper
procedure.  
  
On the night of 4 September 1999, the first appellant entered the room which
Ghor and his friends were in to see how many men there were. As there were
already women there, she merely greeted the patrons and left. She denied
bringing any hostess into the room. She also claimed that she did not return
to the room again as there were already women there.  
  
Under cross-examination, the first appellant was vague when questioned about
the salary of the hostesses. She admitted that the girls could keep the tips
from customers but did not know if the second appellant paid them a salary.
She also denied that she had asked Ling to sit with Ghor. She claimed that, by
the time she went to the room to check on the patrons, Ling was already in
there.  
  
One Eng Beng Hwee (`Eng`) gave evidence on behalf of the second appellant. She
was a director of the second appellant at the time of the incident.  
  
Eng confirmed that four mamasans were employed by the second appellant at the
material time. Aside from the mamasans, the second appellant also employed
hostesses, all of whom had to first undergo an interview either with the
manager or herself before she was employed. During the interview, the girl`s
identity cards and other particulars would be checked and she would also have
to fill up a form. Thereafter, a number would be assigned to her if she was
hired. Those hostesses who were foreigners would be paid a salary by the
second appellant while the local ones earned on a per-bottle or per-room
commission basis.  
  
The third witness called by the defence was one Lim Kok Siong alias `Ah Xiong`
(DW3) who was located only after closing submissions had been directed to be
filed.  
  
Ah Xiong`s evidence was that he was the one who had brought Ghor and his party
of friends to the Nightclub that evening. According to him, one Ah Cat, whom
he knew previously from another karaoke joint, namely the Apollo KTV lounge,
had asked him to patronise the second appellant`s Nightclub. When they first
arrived at the club, a waiter showed them to a room. Thereafter, the first
appellant and another mamasan came in to ask if hostesses were required. Ah
Xiong`s party declined. About five minutes later, Ah Cat came into the room
and brought with her a Chinese female, whom Ah Xiong alleged to be Ling, and
asked the latter to sit with Ghor. Ah Xiong admitted however that he had not
seen Ah Cat since the night of 4 September 1999.  
  
**_The decision below_**

****

The judge accepted the identification evidence of both Ling and Ghor and held
that the first appellant had indeed brought Ling into the karaoke room on the
night in question. She did not believe Ah Xiong`s story that Ah Cat was the
one who had brought Ling into the room as that evidence was uncorroborated and
Ah Cat could not in any event be located to verify it.  
  
With respect to the question of employment, the judge held that Ling had
indeed served as a hostess to Ghor that evening. As such, it could be said
that the second appellant had used and engaged Ling`s services as a hostess.
This alone was sufficient to satisfy the definition of `employment` in s 2 of
the Act. The judge further found that the first appellant was acting within
the scope of her duties when she offered the job to Ling.  
  
As for the question of mens rea, the judge found that the first appellant had
reason to believe that Ling was an immigration offender when she offered
employment to her. Her failure to conduct any checks or verification was the
result of wilful blindness on her part, in that she had deliberately shut her
eyes to the obvious for fear of having her suspicions confirmed. The first
appellant was thus convicted as charged.  
  
In relation to the second appellant, the judge held that the presumption of
employment in s 57(8) of the Act arose which obviated the need for the
prosecution to prove mens rea. Instead the duty fell on the second appellant
to rebut the presumption that Ling was in its employment or that it had
knowledge that she was an immigration offender. After reviewing the evidence,
the judge found that the second appellant had failed to rebut the presumption
and convicted it accordingly.  
  
**_The appeal_**

****

Before me, counsel for the appellants raised six broad grounds of appeal. It
was not stated clearly by counsel which ground related to which appellant. It
appeared therefore that the submissions were intended to apply to both
appellants jointly as no clear distinction was made in the arguments between
each appellant. I found this to be rather unsatisfactory as the charge against
the first appellant was one of abetment while that against the second
appellant was for the principal offence of employment itself. The offences
were thus distinct and the elements to be proved in respect of each of them
not entirely overlapping. In the circumstances, the proper way in which
counsel should have conducted the appeal was to have presented his arguments
in respect of each appellant separately. Nevertheless, as the joint
submissions had already been prepared by the time of the hearing before me, I
allowed counsel to proceed with his arguments in respect of both appellants
jointly.  
  
Counsel`s first argument was that the district judge had erred in accepting
Ling`s identification evidence of the first appellant when no identification
parade had been carried out. He contended that the photo-identification which
was carried out at the police station should not have been relied upon by the
judge as the photographs used in that identification were not tendered in
court. Next, counsel submitted that Ah Xiong`s evidence about Ah Cat should
have been accepted by the trial judge as it was not impeached. Third, he urged
that, even if the first appellant had in fact approached Ling, she did not in
any event have the `subjective knowledge` required under the Act nor did she
have reason to believe that Ling was an immigration offender. It was next
argued that the judge erred in rejecting the evidence of Eng that there was a
system in place for the engaging of hostesses by the Nightclub, and that Ling
had not been put through that system. To this end, reference was made to a
letter from the Ministry of Manpower dated 26 November 1999 (`the MOM letter`)
stating that Ling was only a freelance hostess at the Nightclub to support the
argument that she was not in the employ of the second appellant at the
relevant time. Finally, it was submitted that the first appellant had no
authority to engage hostesses on behalf of the second appellant.  
  
**_The law_**

****

The provisions in the Act which are relevant to this appeal provide as
follows:  
  

57 | (1) | Any person who -  
---|---|---  
| (e) | employs any person who has acted in contravention of section 6(1), 15 or 36 or the regulations;  
| shall be guilty of an offence and -  
| (ii) | subject to subsection (1A), in the case of an offence under paragraph ... (e), shall be punished with imprisonment for a term of not less than 6 months and not more than 2 years and shall also be liable to a fine not exceeding $6,000; ...  
| (2A) | Where a body corporate is guilty of an offence under this Act for which a period of mandatory imprisonment or mandatory caning is prescribed, the body corporate shall, in lieu of imprisonment or caning, be liable on conviction to a fine of not less than $100,000 and not more than $200,000.  
| ... |   
| (8) | Where an immigration offender is found at any premises or place, other than premises used solely for residential purposes, the occupier of the premises or place shall be presumed, until the contrary is proved, to have employed him knowing that he is an immigration offender.  
| (9) | In any proceedings for an offence under subsection (1)(d) or (e), it shall not be a defence for the defendant to prove that the person harboured or employed by him was in possession of a pass or permit issued to the person under this Act or the regulations unless the defendant further proves that he had exercised due diligence to ascertain that the pass or permit was at the material time valid under this Act or the regulations.  
  
  
  
The meaning of the term `employ` as used in s 57(1)(e) is in turn set out in s
2 which defines the term as being:

> _**to engage or use the service of any person, whether under a contract of
> service or otherwise, with or without remuneration** ;_

  
  
This definition came into effect on 1 March 1996, and is also found in s
5(8)(a) of the Employment of Foreign Workers Act (Cap 91A). With the amendment
to the definition of `employ` in the Act, the previous requirement that the
prosecution must prove the existence of a contract of service or any payment
before the alleged employer can be charged under s 57(1)(e) is no longer
necessary: see **Tamilkodi s/o Pompayan v PP** [1999] 1 SLR 702 .
Nevertheless, several factors will still be taken into consideration by the
court when deciding whether or not the test of `employment` has been satisfied
in each case. These factors, which I set out in **_Tamilkodi s/o Pompayan v
PP_** (supra), include the manner of remuneration and the degree of control
exercised by the alleged employer over the workers. I made it clear in that
case, however, that these factors are non-exhaustive and each case must still
be looked at in entirety when determining the existence of an employment
relationship.  
  
**_Identification_**

****

The main thrust of the defence both before me and at the trial appeared to be
one of mistaken identity. The argument was that the first appellant was not
the mamasan who had brought Ling into the karaoke room that evening and that
both Ling and Ghor were mistaken in their identification of the first
appellant. After hearing counsel`s submissions, I found that there was
absolutely no basis for this contention by the appellants. Both Ling and Ghor
positively identified the first appellant as the woman who had gestured for
Ling to sit with Ghor at the Nightclub on the night in question. Admittedly,
no identification parade was ever carried out for either of the prosecution
witnesses. While the failure to conduct an identification parade may in
certain circumstances render the identification evidence of the eyewitness
suspect, it is not every failure which adversely affects the probative value
of an eyewitness` evidence. Ultimately, the quality of an eyewitness` evidence
ought to be assessed in accordance with the guidelines laid down in **R v
Turnbull** [1977] QB 224 which were adopted by the Court of Appeal in **Heng
Aik Ren Thomas v PP** [1998] 3 SLR 465  and similarly followed in **Awtar
Singh s/o Margar Singh v PP** [2000] 3 SLR 439 . Essentially, the material
question for the court should be whether or not the identification evidence
was of good quality, taking into account the circumstances in which the
identification was made. The non-exhaustive list of factors which the court
should consider include the length of time that the witness observed the
accused, the distance at which the observation was made, the presence of
obstructions, the frequency with which the witness saw the accused, the length
of time which had elapsed between the original observation and the subsequent
identification to the police. After perusing the record of proceedings in the
court below, I was satisfied that there was nothing which seriously cast doubt
on the district judge`s reliance on the identification evidence of both Ling
and Ghor in this case. Their testimony was generally consistent and any
discrepancy was minor and of little consequence. The judge accepted the
evidence of both of the prosecution witnesses and found that neither had any
reason to implicate the first appellant. Having had the benefit of observing
their demeanour in court, I saw no reason to disturb the trial judge`s
assessment of the witness` credibility.  
  
Before me, counsel for the appellants also sought to make much of the fact
that the first appellant sported longer hair at the time of the incident than
she did at the trial and that this somehow cast doubt on the prosecution
witnesses` identification evidence. I found this contention to be completely
without merit. A perusal of the notes of evidence in the court below showed
that the change in the first appellant`s hairstyle was brought up for the
first time, unled, by Ling herself, whose observation in the circumstances
turned out to be correct. This showed that she was clearly conscious of the
fact that the first appellant had cropped her hair since the incident, which
in my view rendered her identification evidence even more compelling as it
showed that she was fully aware even of the minutest details of the first
appellant`s appearance, and this despite the less than ideal lighting in the
Nightclub at the relevant time as alleged by the appellants. As such, there
was nothing which suggested that Ling`s identification of the first appellant
was unsatisfactory. In any event, only seven months had elapsed since the time
of Ling`s maiden encounter with the first appellant and her subsequent
identification of the latter in the court below. In my view, this time-frame
was not so long as to render Ling`s recollection of the first appellant`s
appearance unworthy of credit.  
  
In connection with the above matter, the first appellant also applied by way
of motion to adduce fresh evidence in the form of copies of the front and back
of her National Registration Identity Card (`NRIC`) before the High Court. The
purpose for this was to show the court that the photograph on her NRIC showed
her with short, cropped hair, the point being that, as this was the photograph
shown to Ling during the photo-identification at the police station, Ling
could not have been able to identify the first appellant from it as the woman
who had approached her at the Nightclub had sported longer hair. I found this
submission to be completely ludicrous and rejected it without hesitation. In
the first place, under the guidelines on the adduction of fresh evidence on
appeal as laid down in **Ladd v Marshall** [1954] 3 All ER 745 and followed in
**Juma`at bin Samad v PP** [1993] 3 SLR 338 , it must first be shown that the
evidence sought to be adduced could not have been obtained with reasonable
diligence for use at the trial. Clearly the copies of the first appellant`s
NRIC which she sought to admit before me could hardly be said to have been
unavailable or unobtainable at the time of the trial, and for this reason
alone I was satisfied that the motion ought to be dismissed. In any event, I
found it difficult to see what influence, let alone an important one, the
photograph on the NRIC could have had on the case, even if it was admitted.
Just because the woman who approached Ling on the night in question had since
changed her hairstyle did not mean that Ling would or could never be able to
recognise her again. Likewise, there was no reason why Ling should not have
been able to correctly identify the first appellant from her National
Registration Office photograph despite the difference in hairstyles. After
all, it was not as if nor was it ever suggested that the first appellant had
undergone extensive plastic surgery and changed her appearance completely or
drastically. It is not uncommon for persons, and particularly women, to change
their hairstyles all the time. Yet this does not mean that they become
unrecognisable every time they step out of a hair salon. It is hardly rocket
science to realise that a person`s hairstyle is not the only thing which sets
him apart from others. Other more distinguishing features on a person`s face,
such as his facial structure, eyes, nose and mouth, are equally important
where identification and recognition are concerned. In the circumstances, I
saw no reason to interfere with the finding of the trial judge on
identification.  
  
**_Ah Xiong`s evidence_**

****

This point can be disposed of briefly. Apart from Ah Xiong`s bare assertion,
there was no other corroborative evidence of the existence of the elusive Ah
Cat. Although the defence had ample opportunity to substantiate Ah Xiong`s
testimony, they failed to do so. For example, Ah Xiong claimed that Ah Cat
used to work at the Apollo KTV Lounge which was where he had first come to
know her, yet no one from that Lounge was called to verify that this was the
case. Next, it was also not put to Ghor whether or not Ah Cat was in fact one
of the ladies who had accompanied them that evening, despite Ah Xiong`s
assertion that Ah Cat had come in to sit with them for a while. It was further
telling that no question was ever asked either of the first appellant or of
Eng as to whether or not Ah Cat was in the employ of the second appellant at
the relevant time. In any event, the first appellant herself had admitted that
she was the only mamasan on duty at 11pm on the evening of 4 September 1999
and the defence was thus hard put to explain why anyone else should have been
introducing hostesses to the customers at that time. Taking all these
circumstances into account, the irresistible inference to be drawn was that Ah
Cat was merely a fictitious creature spun by the defence in a last-ditch
attempt to shift the blame away from themselves.  
  
**_Mens rea_**

****

It will be recalled that the charge against the first appellant was one of
abetment by intentionally aiding under s 107(c) of the Penal Code (Cap 224).
In **PP v Datuk Tan Cheng Swee & Ors** [1979] 1 MLJ 166 , it was said that to
constitute the offence of aiding and abetting, the prosecution must prove an
intention on the part of the abettor to aid and he must be shown to have known
the circumstances constituting the crime at the time when he voluntarily does
a positive act of assistance. I cited this case with approval recently in
**_Awtar Singh s/o Margar Singh v PP_** (supra) in which I added that the
burden on the prosecution is to prove that the accused knowingly facilitated
in the act of employing illegal workers.  
  
With respect to the first appellant therefore, what needed to be shown was a
dominant intention on her part to assist the second appellant in committing
the offence of employing illegal workers under s 57(1)(e), with knowledge of
the circumstances constituting that offence.  
  
In my view, there was no doubt that the actions of the first appellant - her
approaching Ling and offering her work, gesturing for her to sit and drink
with the patrons - on the night of 4 September 1999 taken collectively,
clearly evinced a dominant intention on her part to aid or to facilitate the
second appellant in engaging the services of Ling as one of its hostesses. But
that was not the end of the matter. What needed to be determined further was
whether or not the first appellant had intended for the second appellant to
engage Ling, knowing that the latter was an illegal immigrant. The case
against the first appellant was one in which the prosecution did not have the
benefit of any presumption of knowledge. As such, the burden was on them to
show beyond a reasonable doubt that the circumstances of the case were such
that the first appellant ought to have made the necessary enquiries and that
by failing to do so, she had wilfully shut her eyes to the obvious - that Ling
was an immigration offender.  
  
Turning now to the question of whether the first appellant knew that Ling was
an immigration offender. In my view, there was no question that, if she did
not know, it was only because she had deliberately shut her eyes from that
patent fact. Firstly, it must have been obvious to the first appellant that
Ling was almost certainly a foreigner. This, she could have told, not only
from the latter`s fair-complexioned skin and other facial features, but
presumably also from her accent, which without doubt would have been quite
easily distinguishable from the mandarin spoken by local Singaporeans and one
that is easily recognisable as being foreign. Next, the circumstances in which
Ling was offered the job and her eagerness to accept should also have led the
first appellant to inquire further. Having been granted a licence to operate
the Nightclub, it was the duty of the first appellant, as an officer of the
second appellant, to ensure that the persons whose services the Nightclub
engaged held valid work permits. In my view, the first appellant`s lack of
curiosity in Ling`s identity and background gave rise to the ineluctable
inference that she deliberately refrained from inquiry as she suspected the
truth but was wary of having her suspicions confirmed. It is after all not
uncommon for foreigners to seek jobs in places like the second appellant`s
Nightclub, and both the first appellant and Eng had admitted in any event that
the Nightclub did in fact employ foreign hostesses. As such, the first
appellant ought to have carried out the necessary checks on Ling`s status
before offering work to her. A bare assertion of ignorance alone was not
sufficient to excuse the first appellant`s conduct in this case.  
  
Looking at all the evidence in totality, I found that the first appellant was
deliberately and wilfully blind to the immigration status of Ling. The problem
of illegal immigrants in Singapore is not an uncommon one. It was a problem
which is real, rampant and one which has attracted widespread publicity in all
the local media. In these circumstances, the first appellant was, to say the
least, extremely foolish not to check on the status of the persons to whom she
offered work. It is in fact truly amazing that anyone could have offered a job
to a complete stranger without making any inquiry whatsoever about her
identity or status. Unfortunately, sheer foolishness itself was not a defence
in this case, for to accept it would mean that all employers would henceforth
be able to circumvent the provisions in the Act relating to the checking of
their employees` status with impunity. The law imposes stringent obligations
on persons who engage or assist in engaging the services of others to ensure
that the person engaged is not an illegal worker. That obligation was clearly
not discharged in this case. In my view, the prosecution had more than proven
beyond reasonable doubt that the first appellant knowingly abetted the
employment of an immigration offender and, for the reasons set out, I
dismissed the appeal against the first appellant.  
  
**_The remaining heads of appeal_**

****

The remaining grounds of appeal appeared to relate more to the second
appellant and can be dealt with together.  
  
With respect to Eng`s evidence on the purported system of recruiting hostesses
only after the girls had undergone an interview with the management of the
second appellant, this was again uncorroborated by independent witnesses.
While both the first appellant and Eng gave similar accounts of such a system
of recruitment, it was telling that the defence did not call any other hostess
or mamasan employed by the Nightclub at the material time to verify this
story. In addition, the forms which every applicant for the job of hostess had
to fill out during her interview were also not produced and shown to the
court. As a result, the district judge could hardly be faulted for giving
little weight to the evidence of Eng with respect to the purported system of
recruitment practised by the second appellant.  
  
As for the MOM letter describing the hostesses as freelance, I found that this
piece of evidence was also neither here nor there. Clearly it did not alter
the fact that Ling was indeed in the employ of the second appellant at the
time of her arrest. Firstly, it was not elaborated in the MOM letter what
exactly was meant by the term `freelance`. For my part, I would venture to
suggest that the term merely means that the hostesses worked at various
nightclubs and were not contractually bound to work at any one particular
place. While this arrangement may, under the civil law of contract, have the
effect of rendering the hostesses independent contractors rather than
employees, the new criminal law definition of `employ` as used in s 2 of the
Act, which has been set out earlier in this judgment, is nevertheless wide
enough to encompass the sort of `freelance` arrangement in place here. Under
the current definition of `employ`, the prosecution need no longer prove the
existence of a formal contract of service nor any remuneration or payment to
the so-called `employee`. This change in the law in 1996 was clearly brought
about by social and public policy, and the overriding need to prevent such
`loose` or informal forms or schemes of `employment` from cleverly escaping
the consequences of the law on mere technicalities. To my mind, there was no
doubt that, on the facts here, Ling`s relationship with the second appellant
more than amply satisfied the current definition of `employ` in s 2 of the
Act. She had essentially carried out all the duties which a hostess was
required to carry out, albeit only for a short two hours, such as accompanying
the patrons and singing and drinking with them, a fact adverted to by Ghor and
even Ah Xiong, a witness for the defence. Further, the first appellant herself
never denied that Ling was indeed in the karaoke room entertaining customers
that evening, for it will be recalled that her only defence was that she was
not the one who had brought Ling into the room. As has been seen however, this
defence was disbelieved by the trial judge who found that the first appellant
had indeed instructed Ling in her duties that evening, thus subjecting the
latter to the control or directions of the second appellant. That there was no
discussion on her remuneration or salary was, in my view, inconsequential as
firstly, such remuneration or payment is not required under the existing
definition of `employ`, and second, the first appellant had herself admitted
that hostesses were allowed to earn the tips from the customers, while Eng
gave evidence that most of the hostesses were paid on a per-bottle or per-room
commission basis. In my view, all these factors taken together showed that
Ling`s services had in fact been engaged and used by the second appellant in
the running of the Nightclub`s business. Regardless of whatever formal
procedure there might have been in place for the recruiting of hostesses, the
second appellant clearly qualified as the `employer` of Ling at the material
time within the current, extended meaning of the word under the Act.  
  
In any event, the prosecution had in this case, vis-Ã -vis the second
appellant, the aid of the presumption laid down in s 57(8) of the Act. This
section provides that where an immigration offender is found at any non-
residential premises or place, the occupier of those premises shall be
presumed to have employed him knowing that he is an immigration offender. The
effect of s 57(8) of the Act is to shift the burden of proof onto the defence
to disprove, on a balance of probabilities, both the presumption of employment
and the presumption of knowledge: see **Mohamed Lukman bin Amoo v PP** [1999]
4 SLR 292 . It was conceded in the present case that Ling was indeed within
the second appellant`s premises at the time when she was arrested. The
presumptions of both employment and knowledge under s 57(8) were thus
triggered and the burden shifted to the second appellant to show that it did
not employ Ling and that it did not know that Ling was an immigration
offender. The fact of employment, as I have shown above, was clearly
irrefutable. As for the presumption of knowledge, I was of the view that the
second appellant did nothing to rebut it. It was patent in this case that no
checks whatsoever were conducted on Ling`s background at the time when she was
offered the job of hostess. In fact, an attempt to this end was not even made
and the defence itself rightly did not advance its case on this footing. If
there was a system in place for the interviewing and screening of applicants,
Ling was not put through it at all. This showed that there was obviously a
flaw in the system of management adopted at the second appellant`s Nightclub,
from which it could not escape responsibility. In my view, the argument that
the hiring of Ling by the first appellant was outside the scope of the
latter`s authority was also a tenuous one which could not be accepted. Clearly
it was the second appellant who had put the first appellant in the position in
which she was in, which position enabled her to do as she did on the evening
of 4 September 1999. That the first appellant was allowed to simply approach
and offer a job to any woman who walked into the Nightclub showed that the
second appellant was lax in its control and supervision of its employees who
were obviously given a free reign in hiring hostesses to work for the company.
If anything, I was inclined to subscribe to the view that this was most
probably the practice throughout the Nightclub anyway during the material
time, as the purported systematic procedure of recruitment described by the
first appellant and Eng was, as shown above, short on credibility and not
independently corroborated. In these circumstances, the second appellant
should be held as being equally blameworthy and should not be allowed to
escape liability simply by claiming that one of its staff had acted without
authority. If this seems harsh, then regard need only be had to the policy of
the law to combat the rising trend of illegal immigrants together with its
concomitant problems to understand the need for such strictness. If the second
appellant were allowed to escape criminal liability in this case on the ground
advanced by the defence, then no corporate entity could ever be convicted of
the offence of employing illegal workers. This is because the hiring of
immigration offenders can never legitimately be within the scope of any
employee`s duties. As such, adopting the appellants` argument, whenever a
company is charged for having employed such offenders, it would be able to
escape punishment simply by arguing that the officer who hired the worker
acted beyond his authority since that authority did not include the hiring of
illegal workers. On this argument, s 57(2A) which provides for the punishment
of a body corporate found guilty of hiring illegal workers would then be
rendered completely superfluous which surely cannot be the case. In my view,
every employer, be it a sole proprietorship or a company should always be
diligent in ensuring that no immigration offenders are in its employ. The duty
cast is thus one of constant vigilance. If necessary, strict in-house checks
should be in place to ensure, as far as is reasonably practicable, that little
opportunity is given for the hiring, whether unwitting or otherwise, of
illegal workers.  
  
In my view, the presumption of knowledge was clearly not rebutted in this case
for the reason that the second appellant had not shown that it could not
reasonably have known that Ling was an immigration offender, having failed to
conduct any checks on the latter whatsoever.  
  
For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed both appeals accordingly. I affirmed
the sentences passed in the court below, but, with the DPP`s consent, allowed
the second appellant a time-frame of one month within which to pay the fine of
$100,000.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeals dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Jan 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

