Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Highway Video Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor (Lim Tai Wah) and other appeals  
[2001] SGHC 370

Case Number | : | MA 203/2001,204/2001, 205/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 December 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anthony Lee Hwee Khiam and Rowena Chew (Bih Li & Lee) for the appellants; Wong Siew Hong and Chia Soo Michael (Infinitus Law Corp) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Highway Video Pte Ltd — Public Prosecutor (Lim Tai Wah)   
  
Copyright – Infringement – Existence of copyright – Foreign cinematograph
films made before 10 April 1987 – Whether such films enjoy copyright
protection in Singapore – Whether film unauthorised infringing copy – Whether
film legitimate parallel import – ss 7(1), 184, 205, 210, 220 & 221 Copyright
Act (Cap 63, 1999 Ed) – regs 2(2), 3 & 6 Copyright Regulations (International
Protection) (Cap 63, Rg 2, 1990 Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Copyright and trademark offences – Possession for
purposes of sale infringing copies of copyright film – Whether offences proven
beyond reasonable doubt – ss 7(1), 25(3) & 136 Copyright Act (Cap 63, 1999 Ed)
– s 107 Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1999 Ed)  
  

: These appeals arise from the decision of the trial judge convicting the
appellants of two offences under the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 1999 Ed) and the
Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1999 Ed) and sentencing them to fines of $20,000
each. I heard the appeal on 1 November 2001 and reserved judgment to give more
consideration to the issues raised.  
  
**_Facts_**

****

The first appellant, Highway Video Pte Ltd (`Highway`), operates a shop at
Parkway Parade Shopping Centre which engages in, inter alia, the sale of video
cassettes and Video Compact Discs (`VCDs`) which contain theatrical films,
television serials and other entertainment programs. The other appellants,
Teng Yock Poh (`Yock Poh`) and Teng Kem Hong (`Kem Hong`) (hereinafter these
two appellants will collectively be referred to as `the Tengs`), are siblings
and the two directors of Highway. At the time of the alleged offence, they had
been selling and distributing films for more than ten years.  
  
The substantive respondent, Lim Tai Wah, prosecuted the appellants under a
fiat from the Public Prosecutor. He is a director of Golden Mandarin
Organisation Pte Ltd (`GMO`) and is authorised to act on behalf of Television
Broadcasts Ltd (`TVB`), a company incorporated in Hong Kong, and TVBI Co Ltd
(`TVBI`) which is responsible for distributing and sub-licensing TVB`s
cinematograph films in countries outside Hong Kong, to enforce their copyright
rights in Singapore.  
  
Sometime in the 1980s, TVB produced the film serial `The Duke of Mount Deer`
(`the film`). The film was first telecast in Hong Kong in July 1984 and its
copyright is owned by TVB in Hong Kong. As a cinematograph film made or first
published in Hong Kong, the film enjoys copyright in Singapore by virtue of s
184 of the Copyright Act read with reg 3 of the Copyright (International
Protection) Regulations (Cap 63, Rg 2, 1990 Ed). The TVB logo is also
protected under the trade marks regime in Singapore as it is a registered
trade mark here.  
  
In late 1999 or early 2000, TVBI became aware that there might be infringing
copies of TVB`s copyrighted films being offered for sale in Singapore in the
VCD format. Consequently, it requested its prospective licensee in Singapore,
GMO, to place warning advertisements in the major newspapers here. The warning
advertisements were published in The Straits Times and Lianhe Zaobao on 10
January 2000. Essentially, the warning stated that TVB/TVBI had never
produced, distributed or licensed TVB programmes in the VCD format and
therefore any TVB programs in the VCD format were infringing copies that were
not produced with their authorisation. To ensure that the warning
advertisements were brought to the actual attention of all known distributors
in Singapore, GMO also sent a copy of the advertisements to each of them via
facsimile. Highway was one of the distributors which received this notice.  
  
On 1 or 2 February 2000, the Tengs purchased a copy of the film from GC Video
Pte Ltd`s (`GCV`) Toa Payoh outlet for $100. The film came in a set of 40 VCDs
and the proprietor of GCV, one Ng Chin Guan (`Ng`), assured Yock Poh that the
set was a parallel import from Malaysia.  
  
On 3 February 2000, two private investigators, acting on the instructions of
GMO, conducted a trap purchase of the set of 40 VCDs at Highway`s shop. Upon
arrival at the shop, the two investigators saw the set of VCDs on display and,
after some bargaining, bought the entire set for $118.  
  
Subsequently, Highway was charged under s 136(2)(a) of the Copyright Act for
having possession of the VCDs for the purposes of sale or trade when it ought
reasonably to have known that they were infringing copies of the film. It was
also charged under s 49(b) of the Trade Marks Act for the sale of the 40 VCDs,
on which the registered trade mark of TVB was falsely applied. The Tengs were
both charged for the same offences as Highway under s 201B of the Copyright
Act and s 107 of the Trade Marks Act respectively. These provisions state,
inter alia, that, where a body corporate is proven to have committed an
offence under s 136(2) of the Copyright Act or s 49(b) of the Trade Marks Act,
any director who consents or connives with the body corporate committing the
offence is also liable to be punished for that offence.  
  
**_The defence`s case_**

****

In the court below, the appellants were not represented by counsel. They did
not dispute that the set of VCDs was an infringing copy of the film but
centred their defence on the argument that in the circumstances they did not
know and were not put on notice that the set of VCDs was not genuine. As such,
they contended that it could not be said that they ought reasonably to have
known that the VCDs were infringing copies. In support of this argument, the
Tengs asserted that they did not know about the advertisements in The Straits
Times and Lianhe Zaobao on 10 January 2000 and did not receive the fax from
GMO. Moreover, they said that they genuinely believed that the set of VCDs
they purchased was a genuine parallel import from Malaysia based on the
assurance by their supplier, GCV, and they contended that in the circumstances
they had made sufficient inquiries on the authenticity of the VCDs.  
  
With regard to GMO`s fax, the appellants took issue with the letters `ECM`
stated on the fax transmission report provided by GMO, which the prosecution
used to prove that the fax was sent to Highway. They tendered some evidence
from an instruction manual of a fax machine (Canon Fax L-250) to the effect
that `ECM` meant `Error Correction Mode`. They therefore contended that the
fax was not properly sent.  
  
As for their belief that the VCDs were authorised copies, the appellants
stated that they believed that the VCDs were genuine as the printing on the
box was very `beautiful and well done` in comparison with `pirated` copies
sold at the night markets. Moreover, they claimed that simply because the name
of the licensed distributor of TVB films, Golden Star TVB Sdn Bhd (`Golden
Star`) was not printed on the box did not mean that the set was not a genuine
parallel import as Golden Star may have authorised another distributor to
distribute the films. To demonstrate this point, Kem Hong tendered some VCDs
which showed that such a practice exists. In any case, Yock Poh gave evidence
that when she examined the display set of the film at GCV, it had the name of
a Malaysian company and had its address printed on it. From these
circumstances, the appellants argued that there was nothing that would have
put them on notice as to the questionable origins of the set of VCDs.  
  
**_The trial judge`s findings_**

****

The trial judge rejected the appellant`s arguments and found that they had not
taken the necessary measures to check that the set of VCDs was a genuine
import from Malaysia. He was of the view that the Tengs were experienced
people in the video business and should have been alerted to the possibility
that the VCDs were infringing articles. While the printing on the box
containing the VCDs was professionally done, there was no mention of the name
and address of the purported Malaysian licensee or distributor at the back of
the box. In addition, logos such as `dolby digital`, `video cd`, and other
copyright logos were also missing. These, the trial judge thought, were
warning signs which should have put the Tengs on notice that something could
be amiss. Moreover, if the Tengs had watched the films themselves, they would
have realised that the opening credits, closing credits and copyright notices
were missing in each of the serial`s episodes.  
  
On top of the above factors, the trial judge was persuaded by the fact that
the Tengs were aware of TVB`s licensing arrangements in Singapore and
Malaysia. As Kem Hong had admitted that he had not seen TVB serials being sold
in VCD format before, they could, and should, have simply checked with Golden
Star about the status of the VCDs that they purchased. The trial judge also
drew an adverse inference from the appellants` failure to call Ng of GCV as a
witness. This, he felt, undermined their defence as Ng could have given some
clarification as regards the assurance he gave the appellants that the set of
VCDs he sold them was a genuine parallel import from Malaysia and also his
basis for saying so. The trial judge stated unequivocally that this
clarification was crucial, considering that Yock Poh claimed that Ng did not
tell them that it originated from Golden Star and the Tengs could not name the
Malaysian entity from which the VCDs originated.  
  
With regard to the warning advertisement which was faxed to the appellants,
the trial judge was of the view that the fax had been successfully transmitted
for two reasons. First, there was no evidence that GMO had used the Canon Fax
L-250 when faxing the warning advertisement to the appellants. Secondly, the
transmission went through because `OK` was printed beside `ECM` on the fax
transmission report.  
  
Reaching the conclusion that the appellants had shut their eyes to the
obviously dubious origin of the set of VCDs, the trial judge agreed with the
prosecution that the appellants` conduct lacked remorse and contrition and
sentenced them based on the sentencing benchmarks of $300 per copyright
infringement and $200 per trade mark infringement. The trial judge accepted
the prosecution`s position that each VCD constituted a film and therefore
sentenced the appellants to fines based on 40 copyright infringements. For the
trade mark infringements, the TVB trade mark was on each VCD and the trial
judge accordingly sentenced the appellants for 40 trade mark infringements.
Using the same formula, each appellant was ordered to pay a fine of $12,000
for each charge under the Copyright Act and a fine of $8,000 for each charge
under the Trade Marks Act. Therefore the appellants paid a total of $60,000
($20,000 each) in fines.  
  
**_The appeals against conviction_**

****

In the appeals before me, many issues have been raised by the appellants.
Apart from their argument that the trial judge erred in finding that they
ought reasonably to have known that the VCDs were not authorised copies, they
have canvassed three issues which were not raised in the court below. First,
they have contended that no copyright subsists in the film. Secondly, they
have contended that the prosecution had not proven that the set of 40 VCDs
were in fact infringing copies of the film. Finally, and this point is related
to the second issue, they have contended that the prosecution had also not
proven that the registered trade mark of TVB was falsely applied to each of
the VCDs. I will deal with these three issues first, before turning to the
trial judge`s finding that the appellants ought reasonably to have known that
the VCDs were infringing copies of the film.  
  
**_Whether copyright subsists in the film_**

****

Section 136(2) of the Copyright Act reads:

> _A person who at a time when copyright subsists in a work has in his
> possession any article which he knows, or ought reasonably to know, to be an
> infringing copy of the work for the purpose of -_

> _
>
> (a) selling, letting for hire, or by way of trade offering or exposing for
> sale or hire, the article;
>
> (b) distributing the article for the purpose of trade, or for any other
> purpose to an extent that will affect prejudicially the owner of the
> copyright in the work; or
>
> (c) by way of trade exhibiting the article in public,
>
> _

> _shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine
> not exceeding $10,000 for the article or for each article in respect of
> which the offence was committed or $100,000, whichever is the lower, or to
> imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years or to both._

  
  
At the appeal, the appellants have contended that copyright cannot subsist in
the film under s 184(1) of the Copyright Act read with reg 3 of the Copyright
(International Protection) Regulations because the film was made in or around
1984. As a result, they cannot be guilty of an offence under s 136(2). Their
argument is premised on s 220 of the Copyright Act, which states that
`[c]opyright shall not subsist by virtue of section 88 in a cinematograph film
made before 10th April 1987`. Section 88 lays down the requirements which have
to be satisfied in order for copyright to subsist in a cinematograph film.
Regulation 3 states that the Copyright Act applies to, inter alia,
cinematograph films made or first published in a country specified in the
Schedule to the Regulations in the same manner as it applies to cinematograph
films made or first published in Singapore. Reading reg 3 with s 220, the
appellants say that the film, like any cinematograph film in Singapore which
satisfies the requirements laid down in s 88 of the Copyright Act but was
produced before 10 April 1987, has no copyright subsisting in it. Accordingly
they contend that they cannot have possessed any infringing article.  
  
The appellants support the above argument by reference to reg 6 of the
Copyright (International Protection) Regulations which provides for the
application of s 210 of the Copyright Act to a work first published before 10
April 1987 in a country specified in the Schedule. The relevant portion of s
210 reads,

> _
>
> (1) Notwithstanding anything in Part III, copyright shall not subsist by
> virtue of that Part in a work first published before 10th April 1987 unless
> copyright subsisted in the work under the Copyright Act 1911 immediately
> before that date.
>
> _

  
  
It is clear from the definition of `work` in s 7(1) of the Copyright Act that
a `work` only means a literary, dramatic, musical or artistic work.  
  
The appellants also refer to reg 2(2) and argue that this shows that a
cinematograph film does not fall under the definition of a `work`. Regulation
2(2) states that:

> _... a reference in these Regulations to a subject-matter other than a work
> shall be read as a reference to a sound recording, a cinematograph film, a
> published edition of a work or works, a sound broadcast or a television
> broadcast._

  
  
From the above, the appellants contend that it was the intention of the
Minister, when the Copyright (International Protection) Regulations were
promulgated, to exclude cinematograph films produced before 10 April 1987 from
the application of the Copyright Act. Otherwise, reg 6 would have included
cinematograph films.  
  
This argument, while rather ingenious, cannot be sustained in the light of s
221 of the Copyright Act and the law prior to the enactment of the Act in
1987. Section 221(1) reads:

> _Where a cinematograph film made before 10th April 1987 was an original
> dramatic work as defined by section 205, this Act (other than this
> subsection) shall have effect in relation to the film as if the film had
> been an original dramatic work as defined by section 7 and the person who
> was the author of the work for the purposes of the Copyright Act 1911 shall
> be deemed to be the author of the work for the purposes of this Act as
> having effect by virtue of this subsection._

  
  
The relevant portion of s 205 reads:

> _"dramatic work" includes ... a cinematograph production where the
> arrangement, the acting form or the combination of incidents represented
> gives the work an original character._

  
  
Prior to the enactment of the Copyright Act in 1987, the statute governing the
copyright regime in Singapore was the UK Imperial Copyright Act 1911(`the
Copyright Act 1911`): see **Ng Sui Nam v Butterworth & Co (Publishers)**
[1987] SLR 66  [1987] 2 MLJ 5 . Under that statute, cinematograph films were
protected as a type of dramatic work. Section 35(1) of the Copyright Act 1911
defined a `dramatic work` to include, inter alia, `any cinematograph
production where the arrangement or acting form or the combination of
incidents represented give the work an original character`. This is almost
identical with the definition of a dramatic work found in s 205 of the current
Copyright Act as laid out above and explains why ss 220 and 221 were enacted.  
  
As the Copyright Act introduced the notion of copyright subsisting in a
cinematograph film as distinct from a dramatic work, there would have been
confusion as to the status of cinematograph films that were made prior to
1987. For example, there would be uncertainty as to whether cinematograph
films made prior to 1987, which had copyright as dramatic works, would
continue to enjoy protection as dramatic works or were now to enjoy copyright
as cinematograph films. This is significant since the scope of copyright
protection for `works`, under s 26(1) of the Copyright Act, is wider than that
for cinematograph films under s 83 of the Copyright Act. This means that a
cinematograph film that obtained copyright protection as a dramatic work prior
to 1987 enjoyed greater protection than a cinematograph film under the current
Act. Furthermore, there would have been questions as to whether copyright now
subsisted in pre-1987 cinematograph films that did not enjoy copyright under
the old regime (as they did not fall under the definition of `dramatic work`)
since there are no longer such restrictions under the current Copyright Act.  
  
It is because of the confusion that could have arisen from the changeover in
regimes that transitional provisions such as ss 220 and 221 were enacted.
Section 220 unequivocally denies copyright to cinematograph films made before
10 April 1987 under the provisions of the new regime whereas s 221 ensures
that cinematograph films that enjoyed protection as dramatic works prior to
1987 continue to enjoy protection as dramatic works under the current regime.
This way, the pre-1987 status quo is maintained and the public as well as
authors would be treated fairly.  
  
Such transitional provisions are not unique to our Copyright Act and other
examples can be seen from the English Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988
(`CDPA`). Section 171(2) of that statute states that, subject to the saving
and transitional provisions found in Sch 1, no copyright subsists. In
particular, para 7 of that Schedule provides that `no copyright subsists in a
film, as such, made before 1st June 1957` but where a film made before that
date was an original dramatic work within the meaning of the Copyright Act
1911, the new copyright provisions have effect in relation to the film as if
it was an original dramatic work within the meaning of the CDPA. With regard
to works, the savings provision is para 5, which is akin to our s 210.  
  
It seems clear that the reason why such provisions were enacted was to ensure
continuity and a smooth transition when one copyright regime yields to another
regime that is fundamentally different. The current Copyright Act sought to
introduce much needed reform to an area of law that is constantly challenged
by the advent of radically changing multimedia technology. However, it also
had to ensure that proprietors of pre-existing copyright material were not
left out in the cold and it was for this reason that the transitional
provisions were included. If, as the appellants maintain, s 220 of the
Copyright Act should be applied blindly without reference to s 221, then a
ridiculous conclusion would be reached: that Parliament intended to extinguish
the intellectual property rights of copyright owners who made films before
1987. This absurd consequence could hardly have been intended and, for this
reason, I reject such an interpretation. I have also come to this conclusion
applying the fundamental canon of statutory interpretation that a statute
should be read as a whole so that a provision within it is not treated as
standing alone but is interpreted in its context as a part of that statute:
see Francis Bennion **_Statutory Interpretation_** (3rd Ed) at pp 897-905.  
  
It is true that the film does not enjoy copyright as a cinematograph film
since it was produced and first published in Hong Kong before 1987. However,
copyright may nevertheless subsist in it as a dramatic work under s 221 read
with s 205 of the Copyright Act and reg 3 of the Copyright (International
Protection) Regulations. Regulation 6 does not detract from the express
wording of reg 3, which clearly states that the Copyright Act applies to
cinematograph films made or first published in Hong Kong in a like manner as
it applies to cinematograph films made or first published in Singapore.
Therefore a cinematograph film made in Hong Kong before 1987 is to be treated
as a Singapore film made before that date and s 221 kicks in to preserve such
a film`s copyright if it satisfies the requirements laid down in s 205. By
this reasoning, any question as to whether reg 6 is capable of being construed
as applying to cinematograph films produced or first published before 1987,
since they were treated as dramatic and artistic works under the Copyright Act
1911, is moot as they are already protected via reg 3 and s 221.  
  
Flowing from the above, it is clear that the remaining issue under this ground
of appeal is whether the film qualifies as a dramatic work under s 205 of the
Copyright Act. If so, then the film enjoys copyright as a dramatic work. In
order to determine this, reference must be made to the Copyright Act 1911 and
the body of law that emerged from that statute. There are no reported local
copyright cases on cinematograph films that pre-date 1987 and which are of any
assistance. Foreign authorities on this point are also sparse since the United
Kingdom and many other Commonwealth states enacted new copyright statutes from
as early as the 1950s, granting the cinematograph film independent protection
in itself. The position in the 1911 Act is perhaps best summarised in
**_Copinger on the Law of Copyright_** (7th Ed), where the author examined the
Copyright Act 1911 and stated at p 207, that:

> _... where scenes are arranged for the purpose of being filmed there may be
> copyright in these arrangements as a dramatic work, for dramatic work is
> defined (p) as including "any cinematograph production where the arrangement
> or acting form, or the combination of incidents represented give the work an
> original character." It seems fairly clear that the cinematographing of a
> series of events in real life is not a "production" within the meaning of
> the definition since there is no acting form or arrangement. Even where the
> work is a "production" it must have an original character; this would seem
> to be so apart from the definition since copyright only subsists in original
> dramatic works, but the effect of the definition is no doubt to point out
> where the originality in a cinematograph production must subsist._

> _Thus it is submitted that a person could not obtain copyright in an
> existing non-copyright play merely by making a film from a stage
> performance, but that if he imparted originality to the arrangement or
> acting form for the purposes of the film he would obtain copyright in such
> new arrangement._

  
  
Applying the above principles and the express wording of s 205 to the present
case, it is difficult to see how the appellants would be able to challenge the
prosecution`s contention that the film is protected by copyright, albeit as a
dramatic work. It has not escaped my notice that no evidence was led on this
issue in the court below as the parties and trial judge proceeded on the basis
that copyright subsists in the film as a cinematograph film. However, the film
is a period serial comprising over 40 episodes, which must have involved a
huge effort in arrangement, choreography and film direction. It is undeniably
of original character and is thus protected as a dramatic work. I should add
that Mr Wong, who represented the prosecution, was willing to have this issue
sent back to the trial judge if the appellants were serious in challenging the
originality of the film as a dramatic work. However, I concluded that there
was no real challenge and proceeded on the basis that the film enjoys
copyright as a dramatic work under s 221.  
  
**_Whether the 40 VCDs were infringing copies of the film_**

****

Apart from the subsistence of copyright, another important prerequisite that
has to be satisfied before the appellants can be convicted under s 136(2) of
the Copyright Act is that the VCDs in their possession must be proven to be
infringing copies. In the court below, the prosecution contended that, based
on the evidence given by one Cherry Tak, the Corporate Services Manager of
TVBI, it was clear that the set of VCDs were infringing copies of the film. Ms
Tak claimed that after examining the 40 VCDs, she could confirm that neither
TVB, TVBI or its licensees produced them for the following reasons:

(1) a copyright notice, at the beginning of all master tapes of TVB`s films
distributed by TVBI to its overseas licensees, is absent at the beginning of
each VCD;

(2) the opening song is absent from the beginning of each episode;

(3) closing credits are also missing from the end of each episode; and

(4) prior to August 2000, neither TVB, TVBI or its licensees had ever
produced, distributed, sold, rented or dealt with TVB`s cinematograph films in
the VCD format anywhere in the world.  
  
On appeal, the appellants have contended that the above evidence did not prove
beyond reasonable doubt that the set of VCDs were unauthorised infringing
copies of the film. Ms Tak`s allegation that TVB, TVBI or its licensees had
never produced the film in VCD format was prima facie the most powerful piece
of evidence relied upon by the prosecution and the appellants accordingly
challenged the validity and admissibility of such evidence.  
  
As a representative of TVBI, Ms Tak was able to confirm that TVBI had never
produced films in the VCD format. Nonetheless, the appellants took issue with
her evidence that its licensees, especially those in Malaysia, had never
produced such films in VCD format since the appellants themselves had been
informed that the set of VCDs was a legitimate parallel import from Malaysia.
Ms Tak`s evidence on this was that Golden Star, TVBI`s Malaysian licensee, had
mentioned to TVBI that they had not produced any TVB programs in VCD format
and would not do so until the market was able to absorb such products. In
addition, she stated that, in an action in the United States, TVBI requested
Golden Star to execute an affidavit to verify that it had never produced any
TVB programmes in VCD format and Golden Star executed such an affidavit.  
  
I find the appellants` arguments on the unreliability of the above evidence
very potent as Ms Tak`s evidence on TVBI`s licensees` activities is clearly
hearsay. She had no personal knowledge of whether Golden Star or indeed any
other authorised entity had ever reproduced TVB films in the VCD format and/or
how such VCDs would have looked like or how they were edited. Whatever
evidence she gave on behalf of TVBI regarding its licensees was based on
information which TVBI received from its licensees and this is clearly caught
by the evidential rules against hearsay evidence. That Golden Star told TVBI
that it had not produced and would not produce any TVB programmes in VCD
format and that Golden Star has executed an affidavit in the USA verifying
this cannot be used as evidence proving the truth of its contents. Only
representatives from Golden Star or TVBI`s other licensees could have given
such evidence and, as easy as it would have been for the prosecution to
procure the attendance of at least a representative from Golden Star, this was
not done. As a result, there was no direct evidence that Golden Star did not
produce those VCDs and Ms Tak`s assertion that TVB and TVBI`s licensees had
never produced their films in VCD format, without direct evidence given by
representatives from their licensees and sub-licensees (if any), was a bare
assertion which was not substantiated or capable of being subject to any real
form of cross-examination.  
  
To compound the unreliability of the evidence, if one were to closely examine
Ms Tak`s assertion that TVB and TVBI`s licensees had never produced its films
in VCD format, it would become clear that it is not as dramatic and persuasive
as it appears to be. Even if I were to accept this assertion at face value, it
does not logically lead to the necessary conclusion that the set of VCDs sold
by the appellants must have been an unauthorised copy of the film. It would
simply mean that, as TVB, TVBI and Golden Star have never reproduced the film
in VCD format, this particular set of VCDs was not produced by them. It does
not prove that the set of VCDs was not produced by an entity that was
authorised to do so. As Kem Hong testified, it is not uncommon for licensees
like Golden Star to sub-licence its rights to another entity. Such an entity
could easily have made the copies without Golden Star`s knowledge and be
entitled to do so since TVBI had licensed its rights to produce its films in
VCD format to Golden Star, contrary to what it stated in its advertisement
warnings. A sub-licence could have in turn been granted to a third entity. I
also noted that Golden Star is not TVB/TVBI`s only licensee. Even if TVBI`s
evidence that its licensees have never produced the film in VCD format is
true, sub-licensees in other countries could have done so. It follows that
even if I accept that TVB, TVBI and its licensees have never produced the film
in VCD format, it would merely be circumstantial evidence going to show that
the set of VCDs is an infringing copy of the film.  
  
I now come to the question of whether the evidence adduced by the prosecution
in Ms Tak`s testimony is sufficient to prove beyond reasonable doubt that the
set of VCDs is an unauthorised copy of the film. No doubt if the answer to
this question is in the negative, then a vital part of the charge and actus
reus of the offence would not have been made out and the appellants should
accordingly be acquitted.  
  
To my mind, it is clear that if one were to look at the totality of all the
evidence on this issue, it cannot be said that the set of VCDs had been
proven, beyond reasonable doubt, to be an unauthorised copy of the film. The
absence of the copyright notice from the beginning of each VCD and the closing
credit at the end of each episode is simply circumstantial evidence, as that
does not necessarily prove that the VCDs must be unauthorised. The
manufacturer of the VCDs may have simply cut them out because of the limited
storage capacity of each VCD. In **PP v Teo Ai Nee** [1995] 2 SLR 69  at 98, I
highlighted that Singapore copyright law, which is consistent with the
international copyright conventions, does not require a copyright notice or
marking to be present on a protected article and therefore the lack of such
notice should not per se lead a reasonable man to pursue inquiries as to the
legitimacy of his imported goods. Similarly, there is no requirement that such
notice be made in the VCDs and the manufacturer of the VCDs could have
legitimately removed it when making a copy of the master tapes. Of course, if
a representative from the **_only_** authorised manufacturer testified that
all their VCDs began with the notice and ended with the closing credits, then
that would be evidence which could go towards proving that the VCDs were not
authorised copies. Otherwise, they should be given limited weight and be
carefully considered. As for the alleged absence of the opening song in the
VCDs, I would have added this to the pot of circumstantial evidence to be
considered but for the fact that I was surprised to discover, upon viewing the
beginning of a few of the VCDs, that they did in fact begin with the opening
song. I must say that I was surprised at this and it did not reflect well on
Ms Tak`s credibility although I accepted her other evidence at face value.
Finally, as I mentioned above, TVB and TVBI`s contention that they and their
licensees had never produced the film on VCD format is circumstantial
evidence, the reliability of which is undermined by the fact that it is also
hearsay evidence.  
  
Having examined all the circumstantial evidence, I am of the view that it
would not be safe to convict the appellants, since the evidence does not lead
to an `irresistible inference` or the inexorable and inevitable conclusion
that the appellants are guilty of the offence they have been charged with. As
this test, laid down in **Ang Sunny v PP** [1965-1968] SLR 67  [1966] 2 MLJ
195 , is not satisfied, I allow the appellants` appeal and set aside their
convictions under s 136(2) of the Copyright Act.  
  
In coming to this conclusion, I have taken into consideration the well-
established principle, cited by the prosecution, that an appellate court
should be slow to disturb findings of fact by a trial judge unless it goes
against the weight of the evidence or is unreasonable or unsupportable by the
evidence: **Lim Ah Poh v PP** [1992] 1 SLR 713 ; **Jimina Jacee d/o CD
Athananasius v PP** [2000] 1 SLR 205 ; and **Ramis a/l Muniandy v PP** [2001]
3 SLR 534 . However, having considered the evidence, the arguments by counsel
and the trial judge`s grounds of decision, I think that it is clear that the
trial judge did not apply his mind to the evidential problems associated with
the prosecution`s evidence. His finding that the VCDs were infringing copies
was against the weight of evidence, or rather, the lack thereof, and I believe
that there would be a failure of justice should the appellants stand convicted
on such evidence.  
  
At this juncture, I should say that I am well aware that this decision will
have an impact on the burden borne by the public prosecutor or copyright
proprietors (as the case may be) in future prosecutions since they will have
to seek more concrete and direct evidence from licensees, sub-licensees and
copyright proprietors who may reside abroad, to prove that alleged infringing
copies are not genuine parallel imports. Indeed, I expressed similar concerns
in **PP v Teoh Ai Nee** [1994] 1 SLR 452  at 457. That case also involved,
inter alia, the prosecution of persons under s 136(2), but involved allegedly
offending copies of sound recordings rather than of a cinematograph film.
After the conclusion of the prosecution`s evidence, the defence counsel
submitted that there was no case to answer and the district judge acquitted
the accused persons without calling their defence. One of the issues that
arose on appeal was what constituted an `infringing copy` under s 7 of the
Copyright Act. This was significant as it is a crucial element of an offence
under s 136(2).  
  
The relevant portion of s 7(1) generally states that:

> _"infringing copy" ..._

> _
>
> (b) in relation to a sound recording ...
>
> (c) in relation to a cinematograph film ...
>
> _

> _being an article the making of which constituted an infringement of the
> copyright in the ... recording, film ... or, in the case of an article
> imported without the licence of the owner of the copyright, the making of
> which was carried out without the consent of the owner of the copyright._

  
  
The controversy in **_PP v Teoh Ai Nee_** (supra) related to the second limb
of the section which referred to the making of the article without the consent
of the owner of the copyright and arose because the section was silent on
whether the owner so referred to was the owner of the copyright in Singapore,
or whether it meant the owner of the copyright in the country in which the
article was manufactured. At the close of their case, the prosecution
submitted that the second limb must be interpreted to refer to the Singapore
copyright owner and, as they had adduced evidence that the Singapore copyright
holder had not consented to the making of the seized compact discs (`CDs`),
they had put forward a prima facie case that they were `infringing copies`
under s 7. The defence, on the other hand, contended that that limb referred
to the copyright owner in the place of manufacture and that, since the
prosecution had failed to adduce any evidence regarding the existence of
protection of copyright in the places of manufacture and the lack of
authorisation to make the CDs there, the prosecution had failed to make out a
prima facie case that the CDs were `infringing copies`. The latter position
was accepted by the district judge and this issue was heavily contested by
both parties in the appeal.  
  
After considering the various arguments, I stated that the proper
interpretation of `owner` in s 7 of the Copyright Act had to be the copyright
owner in Singapore for three reasons. First, such an interpretation was
supported by s 25(2) of the Copyright Act. Secondly, I was of the opinion that
if the `owner` referred to in s 7 was interpreted to be the owner in the
country of manufacture, it would give rise to the wholesale evasion of
copyright protection afforded to Singapore copyright holders as this would
allow persons to deliberately manufacture copies in countries which offered
little or no copyright protection, or which did not recognise the ownership of
the copyright in the genuine article and import these copies into Singapore.
Thirdly, and this is directly relevant to the case at hand, I felt that a
contrary construction would lead to an onerous burden for the prosecution,
which seemed to contradict the stance which Parliament had taken vis-.-vis the
protection of intellectual property rights in Singapore. At pp 457-458 of the
report, I stated:

> _Even more compelling was the prosecution`s second argument that the
> interpretation taken by the learned district judge would prove impossible in
> practice. This would require the Singapore copyright owner, in order to
> enforce his rights against imports, to be able to prove, beyond reasonable
> doubt, the place and country of manufacture of each of the imports,
> something which could well be impossible if the articles were not marked
> `Made in Japan`, as they conveniently were in the instant case. Further, he
> would also have to establish the identity, if any, of the owner of the
> relevant copyright in that country of manufacture, and the provisions of the
> copyright law in the place of manufacture, in order to prove that the making
> of the articles was done in an infringement of the copyright laws of that
> country and/or of the rights of the owner of the copyright in that country.
> This would not only result in the expenditure of considerable time and
> expense, for example in obtaining expert evidence of foreign copyright law,
> but also, in my opinion, pose too onerous an obligation on the party seeking
> to enforce his intellectual property rights in Singapore._

  
  
The effect of my decision in **_PP v Teoh Ai Nee_** (supra) was to preclude
the unlicensed importation of parallel imports which were produced without the
consent of the copyright owner in Singapore. That decision did not completely
close the door on parallel imports, since in some cases the copyright owner in
the country of manufacture would be associated with or licensed to manufacture
the articles by the Singapore copyright owner. Nevertheless it did not favour
the uninhibited importation of goods legally manufactured in foreign
jurisdictions.  
  
Shortly after my decision in **_PP v Teoh Ai Nee_** (supra), Parliament passed
the Copyright (Amendment) Act 1994 (No 14 of 1994) which amended the Copyright
Act. The amendments came into force on 1 October 1994. One of the major
amendments made was to clarify the position on parallel imports through a
clear definition of the `owner` mentioned in the definition of `infringing
copy`. Taking a stance that was obviously slanted towards parallel imports,
Parliament amended s 25 by adding a new sub-s (3). The subsection reads:

> _Where reference is made in this Act to an imported article the making of
> which was carried out without the consent of the owner of the copyright, the
> reference to the owner of the copyright shall be read as a reference to -_

> _
>
> (a) the person entitled to the copyright in respect of its application to
> the making of an article of that description in the country where the
> article was made; or
>
> (b) if there is no person entitled to the copyright in respect of its
> application to the making of an article of that description in the country
> where the article was made, the person entitled to the copyright in respect
> of that application in Singapore.
>
> _

  
  
From the above, it is clear that Parliament has clearly chosen a course of
action favouring parallel imports save for situations where an article is not
protected by the copyright laws of the country in which it is manufactured. In
**_PP v Teoh Ai Nee_** (supra), I stated at p 459 that:

> _For the purposes of my decision regarding the interpretation of s 7, I did
> not have primary regard to the competing policy factors involved in the
> case. It is my opinion that the formulating of Singapore`s policy on
> parallel imports should rightly be the task of the legislature and should
> not be entered into by the judiciary. I have based my interpretation of the
> relevant portions of the Copyright Act on the ordinary and natural meaning
> of their wording, and on the practical consequences of preferring one
> interpretation over another. I have also had some regard for the fact that
> reference to the relevant preparatory materials would indicate that the
> legislature had rejected the interpretation adopted by the district judge in
> the court below._

  
  
My views on the above have not changed. Now that Parliament has taken a firm
stance favouring parallel imports, contrary to the law existing at the time of
**_PP v Teoh Ai Nee_** (supra), the full effect of this choice has to be
applied. Based on s 136 read with ss 7(1) and 25(3) of the Copyright Act, in
order for persons accused of possessing infringing articles to be convicted
under s 136, the prosecution has to prove, inter alia, that the imported
article which is alleged to be an infringing article was not imported with the
consent of the Singapore copyright owner **_and_** manufactured without the
consent of the copyright owner in the country of manufacture, ie it is not a
legitimate parallel import. Moreover, the prosecution will have the burden of
proving this beyond reasonable doubt. The principles of evidence and criminal
procedure apply in the full rigour that they do when other offences are
concerned, and when only circumstantial evidence is adduced, the totality of
such evidence must lead the court to the irresistible conclusion that the
elements of the offence are made out before an accused person can be
convicted.  
  
While the protection of intellectual property is important and this decision
will make it more difficult for the prosecution to prove their case, the
requirements of justice must remain the same for all offences. An accused
person cannot be convicted on circumstantial evidence unless the totality of
the evidence leads to the inexorable conclusion that he committed the offence,
ie all the elements of the offence are made out. This does not mean that the
prosecution has to necessarily identify the maker of the alleged unauthorised
copy and show that he was not authorised to do so. As I pointed out above, the
prosecution can seek to adduce evidence to show that the authorised licensees
from the country which the object probably came from did not produce that
copy. Moreover, other circumstantial evidence can also be used to prove that
the copy was in all probability unauthorised. For example, the prosecution can
show that the copy is of such atrocious quality and sold at such a great
discount to the normal selling price that it was probably an unauthorised
copy.  
  
**_Whether the trade mark of TVB was falsely applied to the VCDs_**

****

In the court below, the prosecution claimed that the TVB trade mark was
falsely applied onto the VCDs using the same evidence that it claimed proved
that the VCDs were unauthorised copies of the film, ie that TVB and its
licensees have never produced its serials in VCD format. Since the prosecution
has not proven beyond reasonable doubt that the set of VCDs sold by the
appellants was an unauthorised copy, its case vis-.-vis the trade mark
offences also fails and the appellants should be acquitted of its charges
under the Trade Marks Act.  
  
For the above reasons, I allow the appellants` appeal against their
convictions. However, for the sake of completeness, I will deal briefly with
the appellants` arguments that under the circumstances they did not know that
the VCDs were infringing copies and were not in a position in which they ought
reasonably to have known this.  
  
**_Whether the appellants ought to have known that the VCDs were not
authentic_**

****

In **PP v Teo Ai Nee** [1995] 2 SLR 69 , I laid down the test for determining
when a person ought reasonably to know that an article is an infringing
article under s 136 of the Copyright Act. After considering the five states of
mind postulated by Peter Gibson J in **Baden v Soci,t, G,n,rale pour Favoriser
le D,veloppement du Commerce et de l`Industrie en France SA** [1992] 4 All ER
161[1983] BCLC 325, I stated that the phrase `where ... he ought reasonably to
know` contemplates a state of mind where the knowledge of the circumstances
would put an honest and reasonable man on inquiry and when considering this, a
court has to consider the totality of the evidence before it.  
  
In the court below, the trial judge applied the test laid down in **_PP v Teo
Ai Nee_** (supra). He felt that the Tengs were experienced in the video
business and, in the circumstances, an honest and reasonable person in their
shoes would have been put on inquiry and ought to have known that the VCDs
were infringing copies. The factors which the trial judge took into account
were as follows:

(1) there was no mention of the name and address of the purported Malaysian
licensee or distributor on the box containing the VCDs;

(2) there were no logos such as `dolby digital`, `video cd`, a distributor`s
logo or copyright logo at the back of the box containing the VCDs;

(3) Kem Hong admitted that prior to the purchase of the set of VCDs, he had
not seen TVB serials being sold in VCD format; and

(4) the respondents received the advertisement warning by fax on 10 January
2000.  
  
At the appeal, the appellants challenged the trial judge`s finding in their
written submissions and provided some factors, which they said would have
brought the trial judge to a different conclusion if he had properly taken
them into account. The factors which were of some significance were as
follows:

(1) the appellants purchased the set of VCDs from a respectable and reputable
seller of VCDs, GCV, which has been their supplier for about five years;

(2) they also made inquiries of the director of GCV, Ng, who assured them that
the set of VCDs was a genuine parallel import from Malaysia;

(3) the packaging of the box containing the VCDs was `beautiful and well
done`, unlike the usual infringing copies found in the black market;

(4) contrary to the decision of the trial judge, the prosecution had the
burden of proving that the appellants had received the fax warning on 10
January and had not proven this beyond reasonable doubt;

(5) the appellants had purchased only one set of VCDs comprising 40 episodes
of one cinematograph film; and

(6) the set of VCDs was purchased at the price of $100 and re-sold at $118.  
  
While the appellants` arguments were not without merit, it cannot be said that
the trial judge`s finding was unreasonable or against the weight of the
evidence. The trial judge clearly had the appellant`s arguments in mind when
he found against them and, whilst I may have been persuaded otherwise, I am
bound in principle by the authorities mentioned above to leave this finding
untouched.  
  
That said, I was unconvinced by the appellants` assertion that they did not
receive the fax notice sent out by GMO. Even if GMO used the Canon Fax L-250
to send the fax, `ECM` merely means that the fax machine was on `Error
Correction Mode` and is not evidence that there was any error in the
transmission. On the contrary, the passage cited by the appellants in the
instruction manual of the Canon Fax L-250 shows that whatever error there
might be would have been minimised by the fax machine on that particular mode.
On the other hand, the transmission report stated clearly that the
transmission was `OK`. As such, the trial judge was perfectly entitled to
proceed with the assumption that the fax was sent to the appellants` shop.
Having received this notice less than one month before the purchase of the set
of VCDs, the appellants should have suspected that the VCDs were possibly
infringing copies, even in the light of the perfect packaging of the set of
VCDs, its relatively high price and the assurances from the appellants`
supplier. Be that as it may, this finding does not affect their acquittal as
the prosecution`s burden of proving that the VCDs were infringing copies is
clearly heavier than its burden of proving that the appellants ought to have
known that they were infringing copies. While there may be evidence to prove
that the VCDs were suspect and would put a reasonable person on notice as to
their authenticity, it does not follow that the VCDs were necessarily
infringing copies.  
  
Accordingly having given full consideration to the issues raised, I have come
to the conclusion that the appellants` appeals should be allowed, and that the
appellants should be acquitted and their convictions set aside.  
  
**_The appeal against sentences_**

****

Having disposed of the appeals against the appellants` convictions in their
favour, there is no need for me to deal with their appeals against their
sentences. The fines which they have paid must be refunded to them.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeals allowed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Dec 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

