Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Bock Huat v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGHC 59

Case Number | : | MA 301/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 March 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Peter Yap (Peter Yap & Co) and Kertar Singh (Kertar & Co) for the appellant; Ong Hian Sun and Han Cher Kwang (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tan Bock Huat â€” Public Prosecutor   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Judgment**

The appellant, Tan Bock Huat, was convicted after a trial by district judge
See Kee Oon, of one charge of corruption with common intention punishable
under s 5(b)(i) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap. 241) read with s 34
of the Penal Code (Cap. 224). He was sentenced to ten months imprisonment. He
appealed against the conviction and the sentence imposed.

After hearing the submissions of both the counsel for the appellant and the
DPP, I dismissed both appeals. I now give the reasons for my decision.

**_

The charge

_**

2 The charge, as amended by the prosecution at the close of the prosecutions
case, read:

> You, Tan Bock Huat, (Male/48, NRIC S0123096D) are charged that you, on a day
> in March 1998, at a coffee shop along Eunos Crescent, in Singapore, together
> with one Tan Wah and in the furtherance of the common intention of both of
> you, did corruptly offer one Chee Han Boon Michael, a gratification of a sum
> of $15,000 (fifteen thousand dollars), as an inducement to assume criminal
> liability for yourself for an offence under s 5(1) of the Employment of
> Foreign Workers Act (Cap 91A), for the illegal employment of a total of 4
> workers at a work site in Bishan Street 13, and you have thereby committed
> an offence punishable under s 5(b)(i) of the Prevention of Corruption Act
> (Cap 241) read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224).

The offence carries a fine not exceeding $100,000 or imprisonment for a term
not exceeding five years or both.

**_

The facts

_**

3 The largely undisputed background facts were as follows. The appellant and
Tan Wah ("Tan") were both renovation subcontractors at the material time. The
appellant subcontracted a project at Bishan using the name of Tans
construction company. With Tans permission, the appellant also used the
latters company letterhead for correspondence. Tan was not involved in the day
to day operations at the work site which was under the appellants control.

4 Tan "lent" the appellant twelve Thai workers for the project. They were
arrested on 19 December 1996 as they turned out to be illegal immigrants.
Another five Malaysian workers were also arrested at the work site on the same
day. The Malaysians were in turn referred to the then Ministry of Labour
(MOL). MOL subsequently released the five Malaysians whilst they conducted
their investigations. They returned to the site and continued to be employed
there. MOLs investigations however, did not keep pace with the investigations
conducted by the police in relation to the twelve Thai workers.

5 Prior to 19 December 1996, an arrangement was made between Tan and one
Michael Chee ("Chee") whereby Chee was to "take the rap" or to act as the "Tua
Pek Kong" and assume responsibility in the event of any charges for employment
of illegal Thai workers. From October 1996, Tan paid various sums of money to
Chee amounting to $11,000. In addition, he paid Chee a further $8,000 after
the arrest of the workers.

6 After the arrests, Tan introduced Chee to the appellant as the "Tua Pek
Kong". Tan agreed to pay Chee about $20,000 for acting as the "Tua Pek Kong"
with regard to the arrested workers. Initially, the appellant did not know
about this payment arrangement. Nevertheless he agreed to assist in the plan
and briefed Chee about the nature of the work done by the seventeen foreign
workers. He also brought Chee to the site so that the five Malaysian workers
could identify the latter as their boss. Tan told Chee to say that the
appellant was engaged as a foreman at the site. During the investigations, the
appellant also stated that he was their supervisor.

7 Chee was subsequently charged by the police under s 57(1)(e) of the
Immigration Act (Cap 133) for illegally employing the twelve Thai workers. He
pleaded guilty and was sentenced to a total of fourteen months imprisonment.
He completed serving his sentence in January 1998. Sometime in February 1998,
after Chees release from prison, MOL preferred five charges against him in
relation to the employment of the Malaysian workers. Chee then realised that
the MOL charges were still outstanding. At the same time, the appellant was
charged with abetting Chee in the commission of those offences.

8 Subsequently, on a day in March 1998, Tan, Chee and the appellant had a
discussion at a coffee shop in Eunos with the intention of resolving the
outstanding MOL charges. Chee agreed to accept $15,000 for being the "Tua Pek
Kong" in respect of the charges. However, he later changed his mind in court
and denied being the employer of the five Malaysian workers. Further
investigations were then conducted, leading to the present corruption charge
preferred against the appellant.

9 As a result of these further investigations, Tan was also charged with and
had earlier pleaded guilty to various offences including two corruption
charges relating to the illegal employment of seventeen workers. A charge of
corruptly offering Chee a sum of $15,000, in furtherance of the common
intention of Tan and the appellant, as an inducement for assuming criminal
liability for the illegal employment of the five Malaysian workers, was also
taken into consideration for the purposes of sentencing. Tan was sentenced to
an aggregate of twenty-six months imprisonment, which he is currently serving.

**_

Evidence adduced by the prosecution

_**

10 Tan testified that he was not aware of the existence of the five Malaysian
workers until after their arrests. He subsequently realised that they were
employed by the appellant. When Tan was giving evidence-in-chief, the
appellants counsel informed the court that there was no dispute that the five
workers belonged to the appellant.

11 Tan testified that the appellant had said that he would settle his own
problems with regard to his five Malaysian workers. At that time, the
appellant felt that the price sought by Chee for taking the rap for the
Malaysian workers was too expensive. After Chees release from prison, Chee
found out that another five charges were outstanding. Thereafter, sometime in
March 1998, the appellant paged Tan and informed him that he had not "settled
the problem" with the five Malaysians.

12 The appellant then arranged for a meeting between Chee, Tan and himself at
a coffee shop in Eunos. Chee wanted payment of $3,000 for "taking the rap" for
employing each worker, amounting to $15,000. The appellant said that he did
not have that much money. Tan offered to help out by paying half the payment,
i.e. $7,500 while the appellant was to pay the other half. Chee agreed but
went back on his word when he was charged in court.

13 Tan explained that he had offered to help the appellant out of goodwill.
The five workers were not his and he would not face any criminal liability for
them. At that time, Tan did not know whether the appellant was facing any
charges but he knew that the appellant was in trouble because of them. Tan
wanted to resolve the matter once and for all. He explained that, at that
time, the matter still "wasnt settled". He maintained that Chee was to assume
criminal liability for the appellant in regard to the MOL charges.

14 Tan conceded that he had earlier pleaded guilty to charges of making
corrupt payments to Chee in relation to the illegal employment of all
seventeen workers. He clarified however that the payments only related to the
twelve Thai workers and excluded the five Malaysian workers. He did not notice
that the charges did not draw any distinction between the Thai and the
Malaysian workers.

15 Chee testified that he had agreed to be the "Tua Pek Kong" even before the
arrest of the workers in December 1996. He later pleaded guilty to illegally
employing the twelve Thai workers as he had already accepted bribes totaling
$20,000 from Tan. At that point, he had not been paid to be the "Tua Pek Kong"
for the five Malaysian workers. Chee understood that he was to assume criminal
liability for both Tan and the appellant. He met the five Malaysian workers in
December 1996, after they had been arrested and released. The appellant
brought him to the site to see them and informed them that Chee "would be
their boss". In January 1997, the appellant told him that he had informed the
investigating officer that Chee was the employer of the workers, comprising
seventeen in all. At that time, there were discussions between Tan, Chee and
the appellant regarding the five Malaysian workers. Chee was to admit to being
their employer as well. The appellant also briefed him on the nature of the
work done by the Malaysian workers.

16 After his release from prison, Chee learnt of the outstanding MOL charges
in respect of the five Malaysian workers. He contacted the appellant to see
how they could be resolved. The appellant arranged for the three of them to
meet. At the meeting in a coffee shop in Eunos in February or March 1998, Tan
and the appellant told him that the MOL charges would carry fines only and
that no mandatory jail term would be imposed. They negotiated and finally
agreed to pay Chee $15,000 to be the "Tua Pek Kong" for the MOL charges. Tan
suggested that he and the appellant could split the payment evenly. The
appellant said that he could not afford $7,500 then and asked Tan to pay his
share first. Tan agreed.

17 Chee was prepared to admit to employing the five Malaysian workers even
though Tan had yet to pay him. He stated that he was prepared to be fined but
not to be sent to jail. In court, Chee variously testified that he was "taking
the rap" for Tan in relation to the five workers; that he would assume
liability for the appellant since the workers belonged to him; that he would
be the "fall guy" for both the appellant and Tan since the $15,000 was to be
borne by both of them. Chee was to say that he had engaged the appellant as
his foreman and that he was the one who employed the workers.

18 When asked by the district judge, Chee clarified that ultimately, it did
not matter to him who the actual employer of the five Malaysian workers was.
Both had agreed to pay, he therefore said that he was assuming liability for
both. He explained that in 1998, he had not understood that the appellant
could be convicted of abetment of employment of the five workers. He had
believed that if he pleaded guilty to the five MOL charges and said that the
appellant was his foreman, the latter would be set free. Chee believed that
Tan and the appellant would have thought likewise.

**_

Close of prosecutions case

_**

19 At the close of the prosecutions case, the district judge held that there
was substantial prima facie evidence supporting the charge. Accordingly, he
called for the defence on the basis of an amended charge, as proposed by the
prosecution, namely, to insert after the phrase "as an inducement to assume
criminal liability" the words "for yourself" to indicate that the $15,000 was
for the assumption of criminal liability on behalf of the appellant.

**_

The defence

_**

20 In court, the appellant denied that he was the employer of the five
Malaysian workers. He testified that the workers were supplied by Tan who was
the actual employer of all of them. He was merely a supervisor at the site and
referred to Tan as his "boss". This contradicted the earlier concession made
by his counsel, who had informed the court, presumably on the basis of
instructions given by the appellant, that there was no dispute that these
workers "belonged" to the appellant in 1996 and that Tan was aware of this.

21 The appellant admitted that he did not at any time inform anyone that Tan
was the actual employer of the Malaysian workers, even after Chee resiled from
"taking the rap" for the MOL charges. At the same time however, he admitted
that he was in charge of employing or retaining workers on Tans behalf and
that Tan "had delegated all the things to [him] at the work site with regard
to these workers". He also admitted that he had briefed Chee about the duties
of the Malaysian workers, introduced Chee to them as their boss and instructed
them to inform the court that Chee was their boss.

22 As regards the material meeting at a coffee shop in Eunos, the appellant
did not deny that such a meeting took place. However, he claimed that the
meeting was arranged by Tan. It was his evidence that there was no such offer
of $15,000 made by him to Chee. He had overheard Chee mentioning that Tan had
offered him $15,000. However he did not take part in the discussion and denied
that Tan had agreed to contribute $7,500 out of goodwill for him. As the
appellant had already been charged for abetting Chee in the commission of the
offences, the $15,000 was for Tans own protection only; it was not intended
for Chee to assume criminal liability on behalf of the appellant. He further
relied on the argument that Chee was not in a position to assume liability on
his behalf since both of them had been charged in connection with the same
offence. All the appellant intended to do was to ask Tan for assistance in
engaging counsel and paying legal fees.

**_

The decision of the district judge

_**

23 The district judge stated that there was no question that the "Tua Pek
Kong" scheme was corrupt. The only issue before the court was factual, i.e.
whether the appellant was a co-offeror, together with Tan, of the $15,000 to
Chee. After reviewing the evidence, the district judge held that the
appellants culpability was clear.

24 The district judge accepted Tans and Chees testimony, noting that he had no
reason to doubt their credibility. On the other hand, he found the appellant
to be an unreliable witness who had crafted his testimony largely with the
benefit of hindsight. In his view, the appellant was the actual employer of
the five Malaysian workers. The district judge concluded that it did not
ultimately matter to Chee whom he was assuming liability for. Chee had agreed
to be the "Tua Pek Kong" in any event, as long as Tan and the appellant needed
someone to pretend to be the employer of the seventeen workers.

25 The appellants argument that there was no attempt made by any party to
shield the appellant from the fact that he was the supervisor who assisted in
the employment of the workers at the work site was described by the district
judge as a "disingenuous" submission and rejected. In his view, both Tan and
the appellant agreed to pay Chee $15,000 at the coffee shop. It was their
common understanding that Chee was to undertake liability for them in relation
to the MOL charges to settle the matter once and for all. Tan and the
appellant must have believed that Chee would be the only one assuming any
liability, otherwise there would have been no reason to offer him the $15,000.
In his view, the parties had no conception of the legal and procedural
distinctions and had not anticipated that the appellant could still be charged
for abetting Chee. They had understood the arrangement to mean that only Chee
would be solely liable. The district judge accordingly convicted the appellant
of the amended charge.

**_

The appeal against conviction

_**

26 Mr Yap, counsel for the appellant, sought to persuade me to overturn the
conviction by relying on the following arguments:-

> i. that the appellant was never a party to, nor aware of, the earlier scheme
> agreed between Tan and Chee whereby Chee would act as a "fall guy" for Tan
> in return of payments;
>
> ii. that the material issue was not whether the appellant was the employer
> of the five workers, but whether the appellant offered payment to Chee in
> exchange for him assuming the appellants liability as an abettor;
>
> iii. that Chee was an unsatisfactory and unreliable witness who had given
> some five different explanations as to how he was supposed to assume the
> appellants liability;
>
> iv. that Chee and Tan had given conflicting evidence on the purpose of
> proposed payment i.e. whether it was for assuming liability for the
> appellant alone or for both Tan and the appellant.

27 The sole question which arose in this appeal was whether the district judge
erred in finding that the appellant had corruptly co-offered a sum of $15,000
to Chee to assume liability under the Employment of Foreign Workers Act (Cap
91A). The issue was essentially factual, namely, whether the appellant was a
co-offeror of the gratification. As I indicated above, the district judge
found that the appellant was the actual employer of the five Malaysian
workers, he thus had reasons to offer Chee gratification to assume his
criminal liability. To that extent therefore, this appeal is principally an
appeal against the findings of fact by the district judge.

28 It is established law that an appellate court will not disturb the trial
judges findings of fact unless they were clearly reached against the weight of
the evidence. This reluctance is even more pronounced when the findings of
fact were based on the trial judges assessment of the witnesses veracity and
credibility: _Tan Hung Yeoh v PP_ [1999] 3 SLR 93. In the proceedings below,
the district judge accepted the credibility of the prosecutions witnesses and
found the appellant to be an unreliable witness who had crafted his testimony
largely with the benefit of hindsight. His findings would not be lightly
disturbed unless they were shown to be plainly wrong.

29 After carefully considering Mr Yaps written and oral arguments, I concluded
that there was no merit in the appeal. In my view, Mr Yaps contentions failed
to address the crux of the evidence which had been adduced against the
appellant. Even though the appellant was not involved in the prior agreement
between Tan and Chee, he did eventually come to learn of the scheme. He then
actively participated in it by giving false statements to the authorities that
Chee was the employer of all 17 workers; briefing Chee on the duties of the
Malaysian workers; and instructing the workers to falsely identify Chee as
their employer.

30 As a result of this scheme, only Chee was prosecuted and convicted for
employing the twelve Thai illegal immigrants. From the outset, it was obvious
that the appellant wanted Chee to assume liability in respect of the Malaysian
workers. The district judge had therefore quite rightly taken these preceding
events into account in his assessment of the evidence. In my view, the
appellants conduct in the March 1998 incident clearly could not be divorced
from and had to be viewed against this factual matrix.

31 Critically, the appellant failed to refute Tans and Chees highly
incriminating testimony that the appellant had arranged for the meeting in
Eunos in March 1998 when they discussed the resolution of the outstanding MOL
charges. Both testified that, at this meeting, the appellant agreed to
contribute $7,500 towards the $15,000 to be paid to Chee in return for his
assuming criminal liability for the illegal employment of the Malaysian
workers. Their evidence was accepted by the district judge who quite rightly
found that there was no reason to doubt their credibility. Tan and Chee had no
discernible reason for fabricating the evidence against the appellant. They
had already been convicted of charges arising out of the illegal employment
and the corrupt "Tua Pek Kong" scheme. They had either completed serving or
were in the midst of serving their sentences. In contrast, the appellant was
found to be an unreliable witness. Significantly, the appellant did not
seriously challenge this crucial finding of fact in the appeal. In the
circumstances, I could see no reason to interfere with the district judges
conclusions in this regard.

32 Once this finding of fact was accepted, Mr Yap faced an uphill task in
persuading me that the appellant was merely an innocent bystander who had not
participated in the March 1998 discussion. This was particularly so in light
of the district judges finding that the appellant was the employer of the
Malaysian workers. I was quite unable to accept the submission that the
identity of the actual employer of these workers was not a material issue.
Whether or not the appellant was the employer of the five Malaysian workers
was material as this would have exposed the appellant to criminal liability
for illegal employment. Regardless of whether he was already facing a charge
of abetting the illegal employment, his concern must have been to avoid any
criminal liability and prosecution. There would have been no reason for the
appellant to arrange a meeting involving Chee, or to offer him a considerable
sum of money at this stage unless he sought to gain some benefit from this
arrangement. Certainly Chee would otherwise have no reason to continue to
falsely admit to being the employer of the Malaysian workers.

33 As regards the apparent inconsistencies in Chees and Tans evidence as to
whom Chee was to assume criminal liability for in return for $15,000, I fully
agreed with the district judges opinion that the differences were not
material. Chee explained that it did not matter to him whom he "took the rap"
for. Since both had offered to pay him $15,000, he considered himself to be
assuming liability on behalf of both. This was an understandable response.
While Tan was not the employer of the five workers and would not have borne
any liability for employing them, Tan himself admitted that he had a vested
interest in ensuring the resolution of the entire affair.

34 I now address Mr Yaps contention that the appellant could not have made a
corrupt offer to Chee as Chee could not have assumed his liability as an
abettor. This submission was, in my view, highly contrived and artificial. The
district judge found that the "Tua Pek Kong" scheme in operation between the
parties was a fairly simple and uncomplicated one. The common understanding
between the parties was that Chee was to assume sole liability for the illegal
employment of the workers. It was patent that the parties did not envisage
that the appellant could be charged for merely being a foreman. The district
judge found that it was the parties erroneous expectation and hope that the
appellant would be let off once Chee pleaded guilty to employing the workers.
Based on the evidence of the various witnesses, the district judge was quite
entitled to conclude that the parties had not comprehended the legal
distinctions. This inference was also consistent with the appellants ready
admission that he was the foreman and supervisor, even after he knew that
there was a "Tua Pek Kong" arrangement in place.

35 Mr Yap next submitted that Chee could not give any satisfactory explanation
as to how or in what manner he could possibly assume criminal liability for
the appellant as an abettor. This was not a tenable argument. Chee understood
that by pleading guilty to the charges and describing the appellant as his
foreman, the appellant would be set free. At the time of the meeting in March
1998, he had not understood that the appellant could nonetheless be convicted
of abetment of illegal employment. This understanding was common to all three
parties. The fact that Chee could not fully elucidate the precise technical
reasons for this understanding was not necessarily fatal to the prosecutions
case.

36 Furthermore, the offer had to be viewed from the appellants perspective at
the time when he, together with Tan, offered the gratification to Chee. They
had earlier succeeded in their scheme in respect of the Thai workers when only
Chee was prosecuted. This was doubtlessly a significant consideration in their
minds, including the appellants. I thus could not but agree with the district
judges inference that they had obviously not anticipated that the appellant
could still be charged with abetting Chee in illegal employment. At the very
least, they would have hoped that the appellant would be let off once Chee
pleaded guilty to employing the workers.

37 In any case, the present charge against the appellant was made out once it
was proved that: (i) the appellant had offered a gratification; (ii) as an
inducement to assume criminal liability for himself; (iii) there was an
objectively corrupt element in the scheme; and (iv) the appellant made the
offer with a guilty knowledge: see _PP v Low Tiong Choon_[1998] 2 SLR 878;
_Chan Wing Seng v PP_[1997] 2 SLR 426. It was not necessary to prove further
that the offeree, Chee, would have succeeded in assuming the appellants
criminal liability.

38 In the final analysis, Mr Yaps submissions appeared to me to be mere
speculative attacks against the reading of certain selected portions of the
evidence. The district judges findings were underpinned by his assessment of
the credibility and veracity of the witnesses. I was not persuaded that those
findings were plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence.
Accordingly, I dismissed the appeal against conviction.

**_

The appeal against sentence

_**

39 Turning now to the appeal against sentence, Mr Yap contended that the
sentence of ten months imprisonment was manifestly excessive. I need only deal
briefly with this submission. The offence of corruption was grave in nature
and was perpetrated with the objective of perverting the course of justice.
The courts have always meted severe punishments for offences of such nature.
In this case, the appellant was not only prepared for Chee to falsely admit to
the charges of illegal employment, but also instructed the Malaysian workers
to falsely identify Chee as their employer. Furthermore, I noted that the
sentence imposed on the appellant was not disproportionate to the sentence
imposed on Tan. Tan had pleaded guilty to two corruption charges in relation
to the Thai workers and was sentenced to nine months imprisonment in respect
of each of the charges. This was consistent with the usual tariff, bearing in
mind the number of charges taken into consideration. In the event, I was not
prepared to interfere with the sentence of ten months imprisonment which could
not by any account be described as being manifestly excessive. Accordingly, I
also dismissed the appeal against sentence.

_Appeals dismissed._

Yong Pung How

Chief Justice

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Mar 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

