Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Leaw Siat Chong v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGHC 345

Case Number | : | MA 190/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 November 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Goh Siok Leng and Goh E Pei (Leong Goh Danker & Subra) for the appellant; Winston Cheng (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Leaw Siat Chong — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appellant employing
immigration offender – Imposition of benchmark sentence of 12 months'
imprisonment – Mitigating factors – Appellant of advanced age – Short period
of employment of immigration offender – First offender – Financial hardship to
appellant's family – Ill health – Need to balance mitigating factors against
other factors – Whether sentence manifestly excessive – s 57(1)(e) Immigration
Act (Cap 133, 1997 Ed)  
  

: The appellant was charged and convicted under s 57(1)(e) of the Immigration
Act (Cap 133, 1997 Ed) (`the Act`) on one count of employing immigration
offenders, namely one Ramadose Nagarajan (`Ramadose`), an Indian national, and
was sentenced to 12 months` imprisonment. Although the appeal was initially
stated to be against both conviction and sentence, it became apparent from the
appellant`s submissions as well as at the hearing before me that the appellant
had decided not to proceed on the appeal against conviction. I dismissed his
appeal against sentence and now give my reasons.  
  
**_The facts_**

****

The appellant was driving workers to a construction site on Sentosa on 12
February 2001 when his vehicle was stopped in order for the identification
papers of the workers to be checked. It was discovered that Ramadose possessed
neither a passport nor a valid work permit, although he was carrying a
photocopied work permit in another person`s name. Ramadose was subsequently
convicted of overstaying in Singapore.  
  
**_The trial below_**

****

Before the trial judge, the appellant claimed that Ramadose was not his
employee, and had only been on his vehicle on the day in question as the
appellant was in the habit of giving rides to workers. He also attempted to
exonerate himself by explaining away the incriminatory portions of his
cautioned statement to the police. Furthermore, Ramadose, who had previously
given a statement to the police stating that the appellant was his employer,
retracted his statement on the stand. However, the prosecution applied
successfully for Ramadose`s credit to be impeached, and the police statement
was accepted into evidence.  
  
The trial judge disbelieved the appellant`s defence, finding that the
appellant had wilfully shut his eyes to Ramadose`s being an immigration
offender, and convicted him of the charge. In imposing the sentence of 12
months` imprisonment, the trial judge noted that 12 months` imprisonment is
the benchmark sentence for offences under s 57(1)(e), and that the appellant
had not provided any exceptional reasons to justify a departure from the
benchmark.  
  
**_The present appeal_**

****

Before me, the appellant contended that the sentence imposed was manifestly
excessive in light of his personal circumstances, which had not been raised in
mitigation before the trial judge. Furthermore, there were features of his
employment of Ramadose which justified a reduction in sentence. Finally, the
appellant pointed out that in **Ang Jwee Herng v PP** [2001] 2 SLR 474 , a
sentence of nine months` imprisonment had been imposed for each charge, while
in **Elizabeth Usha v PP** [2001] 2 SLR 60 , a sentence of six months`
imprisonment had been imposed on each charge. Consequently, he argued that his
sentence should likewise be reduced by a few months.  
  
**FEATURES OF THE APPELLANT`S EMPLOYMENT OF RAMADOSE**

The appellant raised three issues under this head, namely that: he had taken
steps to verify Ramadose`s immigration status; he had only employed Ramadose
for a short period of time; and he had not intended to employ him for a long
period. I was of the opinion that none of these factors served to sufficiently
distinguish the appellant`s situation from other cases brought under s
57(1)(e) such that a departure from the benchmark was justified.  
  
I took the view that the appellant`s alleged efforts to verify Ramadose`s
immigration status were not of such a nature as would operate as a mitigating
factor. The appellant had not, as claimed in his submissions, checked
Ramadose`s actual work permit, which was in any event made out in the name of
one Kaliyaperumal Kanagasabai, but only a photocopy of it. This clearly fell
short of the conditions for due diligence laid down in s 57(10) of the Act,
which requires that the original copy be inspected. Furthermore, the photocopy
was not merely a simple photocopy of the two sides of a work permit, but had
been cut down to the same size as that of a genuine work permit, and
laminated. It bore no resemblance at all to a genuine work permit, which is
made of green plastic. I concluded that the odd appearance of the photocopy
would have been sufficient to put anyone on notice, and found that the trial
judge had been more than justified in finding that the appellant had `wilfully
shut his eyes to the obvious fact that the latter was an immigration
offender`.  
  
I also rejected the contention that the length of the appellant`s employment
of Ramadose was a mitigating factor. In **PP v Chia Kang Meng** (Unreported) ,
the appellant had originally been sentenced to the minimum term of six months`
imprisonment, as the judge below had taken into account the fact that he had
only employed the immigration offender for two weeks. I enhanced the sentence
to 12 months` imprisonment on appeal by the prosecution. I wish to make it
clear now that a short period of employment cannot be taken as the basis for a
reduction of sentence.  
  
As for the appellant`s claim that he had not intended to employ Ramadose for a
long period of time, and would hence not have caused any social or immigration
problems, I decided that this was irrelevant to the issue of sentence. Bearing
in mind the Ministerial Statement made by the Minister for Home Affairs on 9
May 2000, where it was said that employers of immigration offenders make it
easier for them to stay in Singapore by providing them with work, I found that
the appellant had already contributed to the problem of immigration offenders
by employing Ramadose to begin with. In any event, there was no evidence to
show that the appellant would not simply have continued employing Ramadose
until such time as he was arrested.  
  
**PERSONAL CIRCUMSTANCES OF THE APPELLANT**

The appellant relied on the fact that he was a first offender, an issue which
he had already raised in the court below. **Sim Gek Yong v PP** [1995] 1 SLR
537  makes it clear that, although being a first offender is a mitigating
factor, it must be weighed against other factors, the first and foremost
consideration in this balancing process being the public interest. It was
clear from the discussion in the grounds of decision of the trial judge of the
problems caused by the prevalence of immigration offences, as well as the need
to deter their commission, that the trial judge considered that the nature of
the offence, and the public interest in deterring its commission, outweighed
the fact that the appellant was a first offender. I saw no reason to disturb
this finding.  
  
It is in any event clear that being a first offender is not a bar to the
imposition of the benchmark sentence in a s 57(1)(e) offence. In **Hameed
Sultan Raffic v PP** (Unreported) , the appellant, a first offender, had
initially been sentenced to seven months` imprisonment. I enhanced his
sentence to 12 months` imprisonment on appeal.  
  
The appellant also relied on his age and the fact that he was the sole
breadwinner in his family. In rejecting these factors as grounds for
mitigation, I noted that there is no general rule mandating the giving of a
discount for offenders of advanced years - **Krishan Chand v PP** [1995] 2 SLR
291 . It is equally clear from **Lim Choon Kang v PP** [1993] 3 SLR 927  that
hardship caused to the family by way of financial loss occasioned by
imprisonment is of little weight today.  
  
As for the appellant`s health issues, namely high blood pressure and a pain in
his right eye, I wish to reiterate the point I made in **PP v Ong Ker Seng**
(Unreported) that ill-health is not a mitigating factor except in the most
exceptional cases when judicial mercy may be exercised. In the present case,
the appellant had not presented me with evidence that the health problems were
of such a serious nature that I ought to reduce his sentence on that ground. I
also found it pertinent that the appellant had been able to continue working
despite his health problems.  
  
**CASES IN WHICH THE BENCHMARK HAS BEEN DEPARTED FROM**

Finally, I found that the two cases relied upon by the appellant in arguing
for a reduction in his sentence could not be used to justify departures from
the benchmark sentence. This was because the shorter sentences in both **_Ang
Jwee Herng_** and **_Elizabeth Usha_** (supra) had been imposed by their
respective trial judges before I confirmed in **Tan Soon Meng v PP**
(Unreported) and **_Ang Jwee Herng_** itself that 12 months` imprisonment is
now the benchmark sentence for immigration offences under s 57(1)(e), and
hence do not reflect the current attitude of the courts towards the adequate
punishment for such offences.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

I found that none of the factors relied upon by the appellant sufficed to show
that the benchmark sentence imposed by the trial judge was in any way
excessive, let alone manifestly excessive, and consequently dismissed the
appeal.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Nov 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

