Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tay Kim Kuan v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGHC 241

Case Number | : | MA 65/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 August 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jimmy Yim SC and Suresh Divyanathan (Drew & Napier) for the appellant; Anandan Bala and Thong Chee Kun (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tay Kim Kuan — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Carnal connection with
underaged girl – Internet sex case – Relevance of English authorities –
Difference in social and moral considerations – Whether consent a mitigating
factor – Whether sentence manifestly inadequate – Whether need for deterrent
sentence – Whether sentence to be enhanced – s 40(1)(i) Women's Charter (Cap
53, 1997 Ed)  
  

: This was the first case to reach the High Court in a recent series involving
the engaging by adult men in sexual intercourse with young, teenage girls whom
they had met over the internet. The appellant in the present case was charged
under s 140(1)(i) of the Women`s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Ed) with one count of
having carnal connection with the complainant who was at the material time
under 16 years of age. He pleaded guilty to the charge, and after hearing
submissions on sentence, the district judge sentenced him to nine months`
imprisonment. At the end of the hearing before me, I dismissed his appeal
against sentence and ordered that the sentence be enhanced to a term of 12
months` imprisonment instead. I also slapped the appellant with the maximum
fine of $10,000 to demonstrate the severity and abhorrence with which the
court viewed his actions. I now give my reasons.  
  
**_Brief facts_**

****

The salient facts of this case were not disputed and were in fact admitted to
by the appellant in the court below without qualification. They were as
follows. The appellant was a 45-year-old salaried director of a construction
cost consultancy company. Sometime in April or May 2000, he met the
complainant, then a 15-year-old secondary school student, online via the
internet relay chat (`IRC`) function in a chatroom called `Singapore 30+`.
Although the chatroom was principally intended for users in their thirties,
the complainant told the appellant specifically that she was only 15 years
old. Thereafter, the appellant and the complainant kept in touch via both the
IRC and the telephone.  
  
Subsequently, on an afternoon in June 2000, the appellant picked the
complainant up from the void deck of the block of flats in which she lived and
drove her to the car park of the old Changi Hospital at Halton Road whereat
they engaged in sexual intercourse. He then sent the complainant home.  
  
Thereafter, the appellant continued to keep in touch with the complainant,
although they did not meet again. On 8 November 2000, the complainant invited
the appellant over to her place, but before he could make it there, he was
arrested by a team of police officers at the car park.  
  
**_The decision below_**

****

In sentencing the appellant to nine months` imprisonment, the district judge
took into account his plea of guilt, which undoubtedly saved the complainant
from the trauma and embarrassment of having to testify in court. While he was
further mindful of the fact that the appellant had no history of antecedents
and had hitherto been of good character, the district judge felt, however,
that public policy required that such young victims as the one in this case
were justifiably well-deserving of protection from sexual exploitation,
regardless of whether or not the intercourse was consensual. Consequently, he
placed little weight on the fact that the complainant was a willing party to
the act nor was it relevant in his view that she had had a long history of
sexual activity with older men. General deterrence, it appeared, was upmost in
the district judge`s mind when he further proclaimed that:

> _... using the internet as a tool by unscrupulous matured men to scour for
> young persons to exploit sexually must be discouraged as almost every young
> person in Singapore has access to the internet and will be easy targets._

  
  
**_The appeal_ **

****

Before me, senior counsel submitted that the sentence of nine months`
imprisonment was manifestly excessive. While he recognised that a custodial
sentence was still nevertheless apposite, he urged that a lesser term be
substituted instead. First, he contended that the appropriate sentence for
offences under s 140(1)(i) of the Women`s Charter depended on the criminal
behaviour involved and the relevant surrounding circumstances. In other words,
there is a wide spectrum encompassing the different degrees of severity of the
offence of carnal connection with an underaged girl. Several district court
decisions on s 140(1)(i) were then cited to me which counsel said supported
his view that the offence in the present case fell at the lowest end of the
spectrum which in turn called for a much shorter prison sentence. With
respect, I could not agree with counsel. In the first place, the decisions
cited were that of a lower court, and as such, I did not find myself bound by
them. That they were unreported diminished their authoritative value even
further, since the detailed facts and circumstances of these cases are hardly
disclosed or documented with sufficient clarity to enable any intelligent
comparison to be made. At the highest therefore, they served as mere
guidelines only. In any event, I was not convinced that the cases cited
supported the view that a shorter prison sentence was warranted in this case.
Counsel himself pointed out that the lower courts have consistently meted out
sentences of between 20 months` and four years` imprisonment in cases which
involved such aggravating factors as an abuse of trust or authority, a
mentally challenged victim, the practise of deception or the use of force. I
could not see therefore, how the sentence of nine months` imprisonment in the
present case which did not involve any of these factors could be said to be
unjustified, given that it is already on the lower end of the spectrum, and
was indeed much lower than the minimum given by the lower courts in cases with
aggravating features.  
  
Counsel next sought to draw my attention to a host of English cases which he
argued supported his proposition that the sentence in the present case was
excessive. The first case was **R v Taylor** [1977] 3 All ER 527. The three
appellants in that case had engaged in regular sexual intercourse with the
15-year-old complainant over a prolonged period of a few months. The
complainant, however, was described by the court as being undoubtedly a
wanton. She was very experienced in sexual matters and even recorded her
sexual exploits with some degree of particularity in a diary. The English
Court of Appeal dismissed the men`s application for leave to appeal against
their sentences of four and two months` imprisonment respectively. The
following passage from the judgment was relied upon by counsel (at p 529):

> _This court now has the task of deciding how the law should be administered.
> It is clear from what the learned trial judge said that there is doubt
> amongst many at the present time, as to what is the proper way of dealing
> with these cases. What does not seem to have been appreciated by the public
> is the wide spectrum of guilt which is covered by the offence known as
> having unlawful sexual intercourse with a girl under the age of 16. At one
> end of that spectrum is the youth who stands in the dock, maybe 16, 17 or 18
> years of age, who has had what started off as a virtuous friendship with a
> girl under the age of 16. That virtuous friendship has ended with their
> having sexual intercourse with one another. At the other end of the spectrum
> is the man in a supervisory capacity, a schoolmaster or social worker, who
> sets out deliberately to seduce a girl under the age of 16 who is in his
> charge. The penalties appropriate for the two types of case to which I have
> just referred are very different indeed. Nowadays, most judges would take
> the view, and rightly take the view, that when there is a virtuous
> friendship which ends in unlawful sexual intercourse, it is inappropriate to
> pass sentences of a punitive nature. What is required is a warning to the
> youth to mend his ways. At the other end, a man in a supervisory capacity
> who abuses his position of trust for his sexual gratification, ought to get
> a sentence somewhere near the maximum allowed by law, which is two years`
> imprisonment. In between there come many degrees of guilt. A common type of
> offender is the youth who picks up a girl of loose morals at a dance, takes
> her out into the local park and, behind the bushes, has sexual intercourse
> with her. That is the kind of offence which normally is dealt with by a
> fine. When an older man in his twenties, or older, goes off to a dance and
> picks up a young girl, he can expect to get a much stiffer fine, and if the
> girl is under 15 he can expect to go to prison for a short time. A young man
> who deliberately sets out to seduce a girl under the age of 16 can expect to
> go to detention. The older man who deliberately so sets out can expect to go
> to prison. Such is the wide variety of penalties which can be applied in
> this class of case._

  
  
While the English court accepted that the men did not corrupt the girl as she
already had loose morals to begin with, the conduct of the men were still
nevertheless reprehensible as it continued the `debauching of the girl,
knowing how young she was`. They had further treated her like the village
whore and used her continuously to satisfy their lust.  
  
The next case cited by counsel was **R v Asher Lloyd Alston** (Unreported) ,
which concerned a 42-year-old appellant who had had carnal connection with a
13-year-old girl. In sentencing the man to six months` imprisonment, the court
appeared to have been greatly influenced by the fact that the victim was a
virgin at the material time.  
  
The third and last case relied upon by counsel was **R v Lane David Robert**
(Unreported) . The appellant in that case was 31 years old, and had had sexual
intercourse with a 15-year-old girl twice. He also indecently assaulted two of
her friends who were around the same age. On appeal, his sentence on the
charge of unlawful sexual intercourse was reduced from 15 to nine months`
imprisonment. The court noted, however, that he had gotten to know the girls
`when he was in a position of trust, working for the parents of one of them`.
They noted further, and this was the point counsel urged earnestly for me to
adopt, that the extent to which the victims agreed to and encouraged what was
done is relevant to an accused`s mitigation.  
  
While I was grateful for the insightful discourse on the current state of
English criminal law and sentencing, I nevertheless found the reliance on
English authorities to be wholly misguided for the purposes of the case before
me. First, it is a trite proposition that English cases, while useful and
sometimes even highly persuasive, are not technically binding on Singapore
courts, and especially so when the decision is only one of the English Court
of Appeal rather than the House of Lords or the Privy Council. Second, and
more importantly, the legislation in the present case is markedly different in
the two jurisdictions in at least one material respect. The relevant English
statute with which the above cases were concerned was the English Sexual
Offences Act 1956, which provides that the maximum punishment for sexual
intercourse with an underaged girl is two years` imprisonment. In Singapore,
under s 140(1)(i) of the Women`s Charter, the maximum punishment of five
years` imprisonment is more than twice that of its English counterpart. In
addition, the local statute also provides for a maximum fine of $10,000. As
such, the guidelines laid down in the English cases on the range of sentence
which should be passed in any given sort of case cannot and should not be
applied mutatis mutandis to the same facts had they occurred locally. It is
obvious that the Singapore Parliament in drafting s 140(1)(i) of the Women`s
Charter recognised that our social climate and conservationist culture was
such that the treatment of men who preyed on the youth and relative naivete of
young girls should be of the severest degree. One has to recognise that
different jurisdictions hold, and are entitled to hold, different ideas about
the principles and rules which their citizens are enjoined to live and abide
by. For example, certain countries may place a higher emphasis on
rehabilitation of the offender while to others, general deterrence and the
protection of the community at large takes precedence to the rights and
freedom of the individual accused. In this respect, I have no doubt that the
sentencing philosophy of our legislature has always been to take a tough stand
against criminals. We have been described as having one of the strictest and
harshest sentencing regimes in the world, but that is something which, albeit
paternalistic to some, has nevertheless worked well for us in ensuring that
the safety and security of our citizens and the generations after them are
never compromised.  
  
I did not think therefore that it was useful or practicable to adopt blindly
the attitudes evinced by the English courts on sentencing. On the contrary, I
was mindful of the different social and moral considerations which prevail in
the two countries, and in particular of the divergence between Asian
conservatism and the more liberal western society. In the result, I did not
find any of the sentencing figures extracted from the English cases to be
directly relevant to the present case. In any event, I was of the view that
those figures, even if they were to be considered, could not be taken in the
abstract, but had to be looked at in proportion to the maximum sentence
prescribed for the offence in question, if any meaningful comparison to the
present case was to be made at all. In **_R v Lane_** David Robert (supra)
therefore, a case which involved some measure of aggravation, the substituted
sentence of nine months` imprisonment must be looked at as being in effect
three-eighths of the maximum punishment permissible in England. On the other
hand, a sentence of nine months in the present case was in effect only three-
twentieths of the statutory maximum term of five years, thus already more than
amply compensating for the admitted lack of similar aggravating features.
Similarly in **_R v Asher_** Lloyd Alston (supra), the sentence of six months
was a full quarter of the maximum sentence prescribed as compared to three-
twentieths in this case. In the premises, I was not convinced that the
sentence of nine months` imprisonment in the present case, given our diverse
social and cultural norms, was in any way excessive. If anything, I was
inclined to the view that nine months was in fact on the low side.  
  
Counsel finally sought to highlight to me certain mitigating factors which he
felt warranted a reduction in his client`s sentence. He pressed upon me, in
particular, the fact that the sexual activity was consensual, that the
complainant had had a long history of sexual intercourse with a string of
older men and it was further implied that she had to a large extent sought out
or tempted the appellant by sharing her lurid experiences with him. In
addition, I was also reminded of the appellant`s early plea of guilt and the
fact that social admonition and shame was by far the greatest form of
punishment for the appellant, a hitherto happily-married family man.  
  
While I appreciated counsel`s able and forceful arguments in the above regard,
regretfully, I could not agree with him. In my view, issues of consent are
entirely irrelevant to offences under s 140(1)(i) of the Women`s Charter, the
policy of which is to afford blanket protection to young girls who are
regarded by the statute as being mentally and emotionally unprepared to handle
relationships of a sexual nature. Girls under the age of 16 are thus deemed by
the law to be incapable of giving valid consent to a sexual act, and, in my
view, rightly so, as many at that age are ill-equipped to handle the serious
social consequences which often arise out of just one single night of reckless
passion. These girls often lack not just the resources but the emotional
strength of mind to cope with the heavy responsibilities of an unplanned
pregnancy and worse, the physical and psychological trauma of having to
undergo an abortion. The spectre of unwanted children, its links to juvenile
delinquency and the concomitant effects on the progress of modern society all
collectively favour the legislative policy of strict liability where sexual
intercourse with underaged girls is concerned. Much as these girls may have
procured or actively initiated the encounter, the purpose of s 140(1)(i) is to
place the onus on the male adult to exercise restraint and discipline in
curbing his carnality. In this respect, the law may be said to be
paternalistic, and perhaps even overprotective in seeking to guard young girls
from a precocious desire for sexual experience. Nevertheless the social and
humane reasons for such a welfare state of the law are too compelling to be
ignored. In my view, the court has to send out a clear signal to the public
that men who engage in sexual intercourse with girls under 16 do so at their
own peril. In particular, where the age difference between the parties is
significant, the man can be expected to be punished more severely as his
offence can then no longer be regarded as merely the result of the false steps
of youth but rather the conscious and calculated decision of a mature adult.  
  
I do not think it is necessary for me to lay down, as the English cases have
done, the range or type of sentences that should be passed according to the
nature of the offender or the circumstances of the parties` relationship. In
my view, each case should be looked at and decided on its own facts, and I do
not think it is possible or wise to lay down fixed or closed categories of the
spectrum of sentences which should be passed. Suffice it for me to say that
adult men of mature years who have carnal connection with young girls can
without doubt expect to have stiff custodial sentences imposed on them.  
  
Reverting to the facts of the present case, I felt, in spite of counsel`s
assertions that his client was truly contrite and remorseful as evidenced by
his early plea of guilt, that the sentence of nine months` imprisonment was
still nevertheless somewhat inadequate. This was but one of an alarming number
of recent cases to involve men who meet young girls over the internet and
thereafter have sexual intercourse with them. While I have no doubt that the
internet is and has been an efficient medium of communication and its uses and
functionalities highly contributory to the progress and development of the new
economy, I also had to be mindful of the fact that it is a medium that is
easily accessible and is in fact frequently accessed by persons of all ages,
particularly in an information-technology savvy nation like Singapore. As
such, it is not surprising that it was only a matter of time before abuse of
the web became rampant, and the law has to develop in such a way as to keep
such abuse in check. While parents have the primary responsibility of
educating and warning their children of the inherent dangers posed by the
internet, the law too has an accompanying duty to ensure that our children and
young persons are allowed to exploit the wonders of modern technology with as
little risk as possible to the safety and security of both their minds and
bodies. The easy availability of the internet and its services to the ordinary
man and child in the street on the one hand and the emboldening security that
it provides to the unscrupulous who are allowed to hide their true identities
and remain faceless whilst preying on the young, gullible and immature on the
other, both led me to the conclusion that a deterrent sentence was warranted
in the present case. Indeed I felt it my duty to arrest the rising trend of
such internet sex cases which, if they were not eradicated early, would result
in the utter disintegration of the moral fabric of our yet conservative
society.  
  
While I accepted counsel`s argument that the extent to which a victim agreed
to and encouraged what was done is relevant to an accused`s mitigation, it was
not the be-all and end-all of the matter. Many other factors also have to be
looked at at the same time. As already alluded to, consent per se is not a
defence to an offence under s 140(1)(i) of the Women`s Charter. Quite frankly,
I found the whole argument about consent to be difficult to comprehend since a
lack of consent in the first place would have attracted a charge of rape under
the more serious provisions of the Penal Code (Cap 224), rather than merely
the statutory offence prescribed by the Women`s Charter. Similarly if there
had indeed been any trickery, deception or violence, then any consent given by
the woman would clearly have been vitiated, thus warranting a charge of rape
as well. As a result, I am of the view that consent of the girl should not be
treated as a mitigating factor in cases under s 140(1)(i) as it appears to me
that such consent would in any event have been forthcoming in a majority of
the cases brought under s 140(1)(i) anyway.  
  
Having said that, I had no doubt that the complainant in the present case was
no innocent virgin to begin with and admittedly, had had her fair share of
sexual experiences before sleeping with the appellant. Nevertheless, the
offence committed by the appellant with a girl just one-third his age remained
a serious one for which the law provides no excuse. If the appellant was
indeed anything as sensible and mature as his counsel made him out to be, then
all the more he should have known better than to further the moral corruption
of one whom he knew or thought was already debauched. Instead, he had no
reservations about taking advantage of the easy opportunity which presented
itself to him and exploited it fully to gratify his lust. What was most
reprehensible was the fact that he remained completely devoid of guilt or
remorse whether towards himself or his family after the incident as evidenced
by his continuing association with the complainant over the next few months.
The circumstances further suggest that he would probably have had no qualms
about sleeping with her again a second time had he not been apprehended by the
police before he could make it to her flat.  
  
In the light of the appellant`s patently irresponsible behaviour, both towards
the complainant and her family and society at large, I had no hesitation that
a deterrent sentence was necessitated in the present case in order to serve as
a stern warning to like-minded men who seek to use the medium of the internet
to gain, falsely, the trust of young immature girls and thereafter to sexually
exploit them. In my view, the benchmark sentence for offences of the nature of
the one here committed should be one year`s imprisonment and a fine to reflect
the court`s intolerance of the conduct exhibited. Upon a review of all the
circumstances in this case, I was of the view that a 12-month prison term was
more appropriate and substituted the sentence accordingly. I should add that
such a sentence, being but one-fifth of the maximum possible, should be
considered as being at the lower end of the spectrum and that the lower courts
ought to have little hesitation in enhancing it further in future cases which
contain more severe aggravating factors. I also imposed the maximum fine of
$10,000 on the appellant in order to remind him and others of the heavy price
that they would have to pay even for one solitary moment of indulgent
foolishness.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal dismissed; sentence enhanced.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Aug 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

