Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mcdonald's Rest Restaurants Pte Ltd v Wisma Development Pte Ltd  
[2001] SGHC 375

Case Number | : | OS 600976/2001, SIC 602529/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 December 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Margaret George (Koh Ong & Partners) for the appellants/defendants; Mirza Namazie and Chua Boon Beng (Mallal & Namazie) for the respondents/plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  Mcdonald's Rest Restaurants Pte Ltd — Wisma Development Pte Ltd   
  
**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. The defendants, Wisma Development Pte Ltd, who leased their property at
Wisma Atria, Orchard Road, to the plaintiffs, McDonald’s Restaurants Pte Ltd,
and who agreed that the rent for an extension of the lease for another four
years would be fixed on the basis of the average of the rental valuation by
two appointed valuers less ten per cent, sought, inter alia, a declaration to
set aside the rental valuation by one of the valuers. I dismissed Wisma’s
application and now give the reasons for my decision. __

  
Background

__

2\. The facts, shorn of details for present purposes, are as follows. Wisma
Development Pte Ltd ("Wisma") entered into a number of agreements to lease
their property at Wisma Atria ("the premises") to McDonald’s Restaurants Pte
Ltd ("MD") over a period of 16 years with effect from August 1989. Before the
third four-year term of the lease expired on 27 August 2001, MD exercised
their option to lease the premises for a fourth four-year term. Initially,
Wisma took the view that the lease had not been validly extended for a fourth
four-year term but they subsequently accepted the validity of this extension
of the lease. However, Wisma and MD could not agree on the monthly rent for
the fourth four-year term of the lease.

3\. The parties foresaw that there could be a deadlock on the determination of
the prevailing market rent for the extension of the lease and the tenancy
agreement provided a mechanism for breaking the impasse. Clause 17 of the
relevant tenancy agreement provided as follows:

If the parties are unable to agree, the prevailing market rent shall be
determined by two (2) international valuers, one to be appointed by each party
…. If the valuers cannot agree on a joint valuation the average of the
valuations submitted by the valuers shall be the prevailing market rent and
_shall be final conclusive and binding on the parties and shall not be called
into question in any Court or be the subject matter of any review or appeal.  
_(emphasis added)__

4\. It was further agreed that if the parties could not agree on the rent
payable for the premises during the fourth four-year extension of the lease,
the rent payable shall be the prevailing market rent as determined in
accordance with clause 17 less ten per cent.

5\. Wisma appointed DTZ Debenham Tie Leung (SEA) Ltd ("DTZ") to determine the
prevailing market rent of the premises while MD appointed Knight Frank Pte Ltd
("Knight Frank’) to do the same. Problems arose with respect to the basis on
which the monthly rent of the premises was to be valued. MD thought that the
prevailing market rent should be computed on the basis that the lease provided
that the premises shall not be used otherwise than as a McDonald’s fast food
restaurant. On the other hand, Wisma insisted that the prevailing market rent
should be computed without taking into account any restriction on the use of
the premises.

6\. On 9 March 2001, DTZ valued the prevailing market rent of the premises at
$55 per square foot per month without taking into account the restricted use
of the premises. In contrast, on 27 March 2001, Knight Frank, after taking
into account the fact that the terms of the lease prohibited MD from using the
premises in any manner other than as a McDonald’s fast food restaurant, valued
the prevailing market rent of the premises at $34 per square foot per month.

7\. On 28 August 2001, Judicial Commissioner Tay Yong Kwang ordered that the
term "prevailing market rent" in clause 17 of the fourth tenancy agreement be
determined without having regard to the fact that the premises shall not be
used otherwise than as a McDonald’s fast food restaurant. It was further
ordered that the monthly rental payable under the fourth tenancy agreement be
fixed by reference to "the average less 10% of the existing valuation … by
[DTZ] dated 9 March 2001 @ $55.00 per square foot per month and a new
valuation of the prevailing market rent … to be done by [Knight Frank]".

8\. A new valuation was duly done by Knight Frank. Without taking into account
the fact that the premises were not to be used otherwise than as a McDonald’s
fast food restaurant, Knight Frank valued the prevailing market rent of the
premises on 14 September 2001 at $48 per square foot per month.

9\. If the court order of 28 August 2001 was obeyed, this fresh valuation by
Knight Frank would have resolved the problem regarding the monthly rent of the
premises. However, Wisma, which thought that Knight Frank’s fresh valuation of
the prevailing market rent of the premises was on the low side, decided to
challenge the validity of Knight Frank’s valuation. They obtained two fresh
valuations of the prevailing market rent. On 26 September 2001, Jones Lang
LaSalle Property Consultants Pte Ltd ("Jones Lang") valued the prevailing open
market monthly rent for the premises at $58 per square foot per month.
Furthermore, DTZ, which had valued the premises earlier on at $55 per square
foot per month, re-valued the prevailing open market monthly rent of the
premises at $60 per square foot on 26 October 2001.

10\. Armed with the fresh valuations of Jones Lang and DTZ, Wisma sought a
declaration that the fresh valuation by Knight Frank of $48 per square foot
per month be set aside on the ground that it does not accurately reflect the
prevailing market rent of the premises. In addition, Wisma sought a
declaration that Jones Lang’s valuation of $58 per square foot per month be
accepted as the prevailing market rent of the premises. In short, Wisma
attempted to invalidate not only Knight Frank’s fresh valuation which was done
in accordance with the court order of 28 August 2001 but also the earlier
valuation of $55 per square foot per month by DTZ.

11\. The words of clause 17 of the tenancy agreement are crystal clear. This
clause specifically provides that if the valuers cannot agree on a joint
valuation, the average of the valuations submitted by the valuers shall be the
prevailing market rent. It also provided that the valuations by the appointed
valuers shall be "final conclusive and binding on the parties and shall not be
called into question in any Court or be the subject matter of any review or
appeal". In the face of such clear words, the following passage from Yong Pung
How CJ’s judgment in _Associated Asian Securities Pte Ltd v Lee Kam Wah_[1993]
1 SLR 585, 587 are instructive:

Normally when contractual terms are clear and unambiguous they are taken at
face value unless there is some compelling reason why they should not be. The
fact that a term may put what appears to be a disproportionate or unfair
burden upon one party is not regarded as a sufficient reason to interfere with
its interpretation if it is in itself clear, because parties who contracted on
equal terms must be left free to apportion risks as they see fit.

12\. For the purpose of determining whether Wisma’s attempt to set aside
Knight Frank’s fresh valuation rests on solid ground, it is pertinent to note
that in _Jones v Sherwood Services Plc_[1992] 1 WLR 277, 287, Dillon LJ
pointed out that the first step to take would be to see what the parties had
agreed to remit to the experts as this is a matter of contract. The next step
is to see whether or not the experts made a mistake by departing from their
instructions. In the present case, Knight Frank followed the instructions
given to them for the fresh valuation of the prevailing market rent for the
premises. In the fresh valuation report, Knight Frank referred to the basis of
their valuation in the following terms:

> Our valuation is our opinion of the open market rental which we would define
> as intended to mean "the best rental at which an interest in a property
> might reasonably be expected to be let at the date of valuation assuming:-

    1. a willing landlord and a willing tenant;
    2. a reasonable period within which to negotiate the tenancy, taking into account the nature of the property and the state of the market;
    3. values will remain static throughout the period;
    4. the property will be freely exposed to the market; and
    5. no account is to be taken of an additional bid by a special tenant."

13\. Wisma did not allege any fraud or bad faith on the part of Knight Frank.
Neither did they allege any collusion between MD and Knight Frank. In
paragraphs 9 and 10 of his affidavit dated 6 November 2001, Wisma’s managing
director and general manager, Mr Mubarak bin Fahad, summed up his company’s
position in the following terms:

  9. It is evident that Knight Frank’s … valuation of $48.00 per square foot per month is not reflective of the prevailing market rent for units such as the Premises in question.
  10. In the premises, [Wisma] humbly pray for the orders and declarations sought herein.

14\. That Knight Frank’s valuation of $48 per square foot per month differs
from DBZ’s valuation of $55 per square foot per month is not altogether
surprising. There being no absolute objective criterion, the valuation of the
rental value of properties is not an exact science. It is precisely because
the parties recognised that valuers could disagree on what is the prevailing
market rent of the premises that they agreed in clause 17 of the tenancy
agreement to take the average of the valuations of two valuers, one appointed
by the landlord and the other by the tenant. Such an approach provided a
speedy resolution of any dispute on the monthly rent for the fourth four-year
term of the lease and spared the parties the delays and complexities of court
proceedings.

15\. In _Jones and Ors v Sherwood Computer Services Plc_[1992] 1 WLR 277, 288,
Dillon LJ, while referring to the effect of an accountant’s report which the
parties agreed was to be conclusive, final and binding, said as follows:

If the parties to an agreement have referred a matter which is within the
expertise of the accountancy profession to accountants to determine, and have
agreed that the determination of the accountants is to be conclusive, final
and binding for all purposes, and the chosen accountants have made their
determination, it does not seem appropriate that the court should rush in to
substitute its own opinion, with the assistance of further accountants’
evidence, for the determination of the chosen accounts.

16\. Dillon LJ’s words apply, mutatis mutandis, to the present case. Having
agreed under clause 17 of the tenancy agreement not to question in any court
of law the valuation of the appointed valuers, Wisma is, without more, in no
position to challenge Knight Frank’s fresh valuation. It is worthwhile noting
that Wisma’s managing director, Mr Mubarak bin Fahad, stated in paragraph
85(d) of his earlier affidavit filed on 1 August 2001 that if the court agreed
that the restricted use of the premises as a McDonald’s fast food restaurant
should not be taken into account for the purpose of determining the prevailing
market rent, the rent payable under the Fourth Tenancy Agreement should "be
the average less 10% of the … new valuation by Knight Frank Pte Ltd and that
of the Defendants' valuers, DTZ Debenham Tie Leung". Wisma’s volte face cannot
be countenanced. As such, their application to have Knight Frank’s fresh
valuation set aside and to have the prevailing market rent for the premises
fixed at $58 per square foot per month was dismissed with costs.

Sgd:

TAN LEE MENG  
JUDGE

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Dec 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

