Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## L & M Concrete Specialists Pte Ltd v United Eng Contractors Pte Ltd  
[2001] SGHC 280

Case Number | : | Suit 600131/2000, RA 600137/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 September 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ramalingam Kasi (Raj Kumar & Ruma) for the appellants/defendants; Intekhab Khan with Desmond Ong (J Koh & Co) for the respondents/plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  L & M Concrete Specialists Pte Ltd — United Eng Contractors Pte Ltd   
  
**Judgment**

_GROUNDS OF DECISION_

**

Background**

1\. United Eng Contractors Pte Ltd (‘United Eng’), the defendants in this
action, were the subcontractors on two building projects on which the
plaintiffs, L&M Concrete Specialists Pte Ltd, (‘L&M’) were the main
contractors. The two projects which have since been completed were known as
the Hilltop project and the Sinsov project.

2\. In September 1998, United Eng commenced Suit 1523 of 1998 whereby it sued
L&M for unpaid monies due to it in respect of the Hilltop project. L&M denied
the claim and filed a counterclaim for monies due in respect of the supply of
labour and materials and for compensation paid to third parties. This action
was heard in January 2000\. After a trial lasting three days, judgment was
entered in favour of United Eng in the sum of $287,971.12. The counterclaim
filed by L&M was struck out for lack of particularisation but L&M was given
liberty to file a fresh suit.

3\. L&M acted on the permission granted by the court by filing this action in
February 2000. Their claim in this action is for sums in excess of $300,000
which they say are due to them in relation to labour and material supplied and
payments made for the Hilltop project. United Eng filed a defence denying that
any amount was due to L&M and also made a counterclaim against L&M for the
unpaid balance due to them for their work done in respect of the Sinsov
project. United Eng’s claim was for approximately $1,300,000.

4\. L&M’s response was not only to file a reply and a defence to counterclaim
but also to file a counterclaim of its own in respect of the Sinsov project.
L&M’s counterclaim is for damages amounting to about $2,500,000 arising out of
alleged delays to the project caused by United Eng. United Eng has denied any
liability for L&M’s counterclaim.

5\. It should be noted that in L&M’s amended reply and defence to counterclaim
and counterclaim to counterclaim filed on 17 October 2000 it set out its final
accounts for the Sinsov project. According to these accounts, the subcontract
sum (inclusive of variations) payable to United Eng was $2,804,362.33. After
retention of 2.5% was deducted and GST of 3% was added, the amount payable
became $2,817,640.46. Of this total, L&M stated that it had made payments
totalling $1,998,091.80. This meant that there was still a sum of $806,270.53
due to United Eng on L&M’s own accounts. The reason why L&M’s account did not
show this amount as being payable is that the account also took into
consideration L&M’s claim for $2,541,671.26 against United Eng. Once that
figure was factored in, the account showed a positive balance due to L&M of
approximately $1.798 million.

6\. The action was fixed for hearing over nine days between 2 and 12 January
2001. These hearing dates were, however, vacated on the application of L&M as
they wanted to call a foreign expert witness. Subsequently, parties were given
directions to exchange affidavits of evidence-in-chief by 29 August 2001 and
new hearing dates were fixed between 1 and 12 October 2001.

7\. On 26 June 2001, L&M filed an application for security for costs pursuant
to s 388 of the Companies Act (Cap 50) (‘the Act’). The grounds of the
application were that United Eng was insolvent and no longer in business and
that United Eng would not be able to pay L&M’s costs if it failed to succeed
in its counterclaim. The application was heard on 8 August and L&M was granted
security in the sum of $50,000. It had originally asked for $120,000. United
Eng appealed against the order. I heard the appeal and allowed it. L&M is
dissatisfied with my decision.

**

  
Reasons

**

8\. It is well known that under s 388 of the Act, the Court is given the
discretion to order a company which is a plaintiff in an action to provide
security for the costs of the defendant in that action if it appears by
credible testimony that there is reason to believe that the company will be
unable to pay the defendant’s costs if the defendant succeeds in the defence.

9\. In this case, it was conceded from the beginning that United Eng was
insolvent and might be unable to pay L&M’s costs if L&M succeeded in its
defence to the counterclaim. Counsel for United Eng submitted, however, that
that determination was not the end of the matter and that the court had to
take all the circumstances into account in deciding how its discretion was to
be exercised. This submission was based on the well known decision of _Sir
Lindsay Parkinson & Co Ltd v Triplan Ltd _[1973] 2 All ER 273.

10\. It was also submitted that the circumstances which the Court might take
into account would include:

(i) whether the company’s claim is bona fide and not a sham;

(ii) whether the company has a reasonably good prospect of success;

(iii) whether there is an admission by the defendants on the pleadings or
elsewhere that money is due;

(iv) whether the application for security was being used oppressively;

(v) whether the company’s want of means has been brought about by the
defendants, such as delay in payments;

(vi) lateness in taking out the application.

In this case, I accepted that one or more of the above circumstances if
established would be relevant to my consideration of the case.

11\. Taking the above factors in turn, I was first of all satisfied that
United Eng’s claim against L&M in respect of the Sinsov project was a bona
fide one. There was no doubt that United Eng had done work on the project and
that they were entitled to payment. The question in issue was the quantum of
such payment. It was clear from the pleadings that about two-thirds of the
claimed amount had been recognised as due by L&M and that the dispute would be
over the remaining one-third. Whether or not United Eng would succeed in
obtaining the full quantum they had sued for was not relevant. What was
important was that the claim was a genuine one which was deserving of being
tested in court.

12\. The second question was whether United Eng had a reasonably good prospect
of success. As far as this was concerned, their prospect of being successful
in recovering at least $800,000 was good. Whether they would receive payment
depended on whether L&M could prove its counterclaim. This was not a
liquidated claim but a claim for damages for delay and there was no admission
of liability. Since United Eng had not been the only subcontractor involved in
the project, L&M would have to show first that United Eng had delayed and
secondly that it was this delay that had caused the whole project to be
delayed. Thirdly, L&M would have to prove its damages. All these were issues
for L&M to deal with and did not have a direct affect on United Eng’s case in
relation to the amount of work which they had done.

13\. The third factor, that is whether there was an admission by L&M on the
pleadings or elsewhere that money was due, was clearly present in this case.
It could be seen from the figures in 56 of L&M’s amended defence to
counterclaim. The effect of these figures is set out in 5 above.

14\. The fourth factor was whether the application for security was being used
oppressively. This had to be considered in conjunction with factor 6 ie the
lateness in taking out the application. The writ of summons in this action was
filed on 1 February 2000. Pleadings were closed in October 2000 and the
summons for directions was heard on 3 October 2000. L&M had a perfect
opportunity at that stage to apply for security for costs since the financial
position of United Eng was as parlous then as it is now. L&M did not do so.
The case was fixed for trial between 2 January and 12 January this year. L&M
did not apply for security then. Instead, it applied to vacate the dates. It
was not until June this year when the next set of trial dates were approaching
that the application was made. I think this was far too late. The application
should have been made at the earliest opportunity.

15\. It appeared to me that the application was being made in order to prevent
United Eng from proceeding with a fairly good claim and one to which L&M had
no answer, at least as far as $800,000 was concerned. L&M was fully aware that
United Eng would not be able to furnish the security and that the order once
made would result in the end of United Eng’s claim. The net result of this
would be that United Eng would be wound up and L&M would not make any payment
to it at all on the basis that whatever might have been due was fully covered
by the counterclaim to counterclaim even though the same had not been proved.
L&M would have been relieved of the obligation of proving the issues that I
have outlined in 12 above. In my judgment, L&M’s application at this late
stage was a clear indication of its desire to prevent the case from being
heard and was not due to a fear of being unable to recover costs.

16\. There was also an allegation that it was L&M’s conduct that led to the
financial difficulties which United Eng had experienced. While I express no
concluded view on that issue, it does appear to me that L&M’s refusal to make
payment promptly of amounts due to United Eng would have had some effect on
its finances even though, as L&M was prompt to point out, United Eng also had
other creditors.

17\. When I considered the circumstances of this case as a whole, I was
satisfied that the court’s discretion should not be exercised so as to deprive
United Eng of its day in court. I therefore set aside the order for United Eng
to provide security for costs.

Sgd:

JUDITH PRAKASH  
JUDGE

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Sep 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

