Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Tararone Investments Pte Ltd  
[2001] SGHC 37

Case Number | : | OP 16/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 February 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chan Kia Pheng (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the applicants; Ronald Choo (Rajah & Tann) for the respondents   
Parties | : | —  
  
Credit and Security – Charges – Construction – Charge to secure third party's
banking facilities – Whether charge secures debts incurred after termination
of facilities  
  

: This was an application by The Development Bank of Singapore Ltd (`DBS`) for
leave to enforce a charge over money in a fixed deposit account maintained by
Tararone Investments Pte Ltd (`Tararone`) with DBS. The charge was created on
18 March 1998 to secure Sogo Department Stores Pte Ltd`s (`Sogo`) debt to DBS.
At the time when the charge was created Sogo owed DBS $18m. Under a facility
letter dated 4 March 1998 Sogo agreed to reduce its indebtedness under a
schedule of repayment which provided a payment schedule to discharge the debt
by January 2001. Sogo and Tararone were both placed under interim judicial
management on 19 July 2000. On 15 July 2000 DBS, through their solicitors,
terminated the facilities to Sogo and demanded payment of the sum of
$365,873.87 from Sogo as well as Tararone. Tararone had specifically been
notified by DBS that they had terminated the facilities under the facility
letter of 4 March 1998. On 17 July 2000 Mr Takeshi Tsujita, writing as the
general manager of Sogo, told DBS that Sogo had not defaulted in its payments
and that they would therefore hold DBS responsible if the bank dishonoured any
of their cheques. This prompted a reply from DBS the next day (18 July),
stating that by reason of the termination and recall of the banking
facilities, the bank would not honour cheques issued by Sogo. However, in the
very next paragraph of their letter DBS stated that:

> _However, without prejudice to the Letters of Demand and while reserving all
> our rights flowing from the termination and/or recall of the banking
> facilities, for the duration of the notice period under the said Letters of
> Demand ending at the close of business on 22 July 2000 we will subject to
> the following continue at our absolute discretion to honour specific cheques
> drawn on the loan accounts as well as permit certain deductions from such
> accounts which have now been terminated and/or recalled:_

> _
>
> (1) the said deductions or the amount drawn in these cheques do not result
> in the total outstanding due under the banking facilities from you exceeding
> the amount of security held by us.
>
> _

  
  
In the meantime, on 17 July, DBS paid out on a cheque drawn by Sogo in the sum
of $2.5m from their current account with DBS. This brought their total debt to
$2,794,411.42 as at 19 July 2000.  
  
This present application by DBS was resisted by the judicial managers of
Tararone. The judicial managers were of the view that DBS was entitled to only
$365,873.87. It was not disputed that the sole issue before me concerned the
construction of the charge - whether it secured the liabilities of Sogo after
15 July 2000. DBS took the position that the charge covered `all monies and
liabilities which may be owing to [them] from time to time` and was not
subject to payment under the facility letter alone. This term was taken from
cl 1(c) of the facility letter of 4 March 1998. Mr Chan on behalf of DBS
therefore contended that the bank was entitled to the money charged up to the
limit at the time, which was (under the repayment schedule), $3m. I do not
accept this contention. The phrase relied upon by Mr Chan was taken out of
context. When documents such as the charge and the facility letter are to be
construed, the entire document must be examined to understand what it is the
parties have created. In this case, the facility letter of 4 March 1998 was a
specific overdraft facility with a limit of $18m. It does not say so
explicitly but it was obvious from the wording of cl 1(b) and the repayment
schedule that by the time the facility letter was written Sogo was already
indebted to DBS by $18m. The facility letter was thus an offer to invite Sogo
to accept a scheduled repayment schedule upon the terms set out in the letter.
Those terms included the provision of security either in the form of a
corporate guarantee or a fixed deposit of $18m. In the event, it was the
latter that was chosen. Under the terms, the pledgor of the security was
permitted to withdraw sums from the fixed deposit equivalent to the sums paid
under the repayment schedule. In this way, by January 2001 the entire debt of
$18m would be extinguished and the security of $18m likewise released and
reduced in equal measure and approximate to the reduction of the debt. Clause
1(c) provided the context in which the security was created. It stated as
follows: `The above facility together with all monies and liabilities which
may be owing to the Bank from time to time shall be secured by a Fixed Deposit
of S$18m`. Thus, the phrase `all monies and liabilities which may be owing to
the Bank from time to time` must relate to ancillary debts such as interests
and costs arising under the facility. It cannot mean any money or liability
outside the facility. If that was the intention, it was not revealed in the
words and context of the letter. I now turn to the wording of the charge
itself. It was not disputed by DBS that the charge in question (created on 18
March 1998) was the security required under cl 1 of the facility letter.
Clause 1 contains the covenant of the chargor in these words:

> _... to pay you on demand all sums of money which now or hereafter from time
> to time and at any time shall be owing or remain unpaid to you in respect of
> the banking facilities or incurred or assumed by you on [Sogo`s] behalf or
> on [Sogo`s] account, anywhere in or outside Singapore and all [Sogo`s] other
> liabilities whether alone or jointly with any other person or persons,
> whether as principal or surety, whether absolute or contingent, primary or
> collateral and whether presently payable or not together in all cases with
> interest thereon at your rate or rates as you may from time to time
> determine ..._

  
  
Again, Mr Chan contended that the reference in this passage was to `all
monies` that DBS may advance to Sogo in whatever form. By themselves these
words cover any money advanced by DBS to Sogo and did not appear to be
restricted to the terms of the facility letter. But it is axiomatic that
standard form phrases in corporate documents must not be recited like the
mantra of a holy order. In this case, the terms which Mr Chan drew my
attention to were given too lavish an ambit without consideration of the
contract as a whole. Other provisions in the charge must be taken into
account. Clause 4 of the charge referred specifically to the termination
provision under the facility letter of 4 March 1998. It also reserved and
preserved the right of the chargor to withdraw such sums from the secured
deposit as commensurate with the sums repaid by Sogo under the repayment
schedule. The charge cannot be read as covering debts of Sogo created or
arising after the expiry or expiation of the facility letter. If that was
indeed the intention it was not revealed by the words and context of the
charge. Mr Chan argued that Tararone would not be entitled to withdraw more
than the sum stipulated in the repayment schedule at each stage as specified.
For example, as at April 2000 the repayment schedule envisaged that Sogo would
have $3m remaining from the original debt of $18m. As it turned out, Sogo
appeared to have paid up much more and thus had only $365,873.87 remaining at
that point. So, Mr Chan argued that if Tararone was permitted to withdraw its
fixed deposit leaving only $365,873.87, and Sogo draws up a bigger cheque the
next day DBS would be unsecured for the difference. That might be so although
it may not have been what DBS would have wanted had it addressed its mind to
the matter at the time the facility and charge was created. The real question
is whether the parties had intended that the charge should secure any loan
made by DBS to Sogo when the facility under the facility letter had expired or
terminated. Nothing in either document suggests that the parties had this in
mind.  
  
Mr Chan argued that the charge covered `all monies` advanced by DBS and not
merely those under the facility letter. The contract does not bear this
interpretation because any extraneous advance outside the facility would not
have been governed by the withdrawal clause because that clause allows a
withdrawal of money by Tararone from the fixed deposit only in tandem with
payment by Sogo in respect of the `Overdraft Account`.  
  
Any doubt that one might otherwise entertain would be dispelled by the
provision in cl 6 of the charge which specifically refers to Tararone`s
obligation to keep the charge as a continuing security up to $18m. I think
that the words `continuing security` ought not be given a wider meaning than
was plain in the context of the facility and the charge. Otherwise, it would
be inconsistent with Tararone`s right to withdraw money from the fixed deposit
as and when the debt was reduced by Sogo. If it was intended that this
specific charge was to inure for the benefit of fresh loans by DBS to Sogo
even after the facility letter was terminated I would expect that intention to
be expressed in unambiguous terms.  
  
In the absence of terms to the contrary, it follows that when the facility
(the `overdraft account`) was terminated by DBS on 15 July 2000, DBS was
entitled to all the money then outstanding and the security of the charge up
to the same amount, but no more. The termination letter written by the bank`s
solicitors clearly brought the facility granted by the facility letter of 4
March 1998 to an end. The letter made no reference to forbearance or extension
whatsoever. There were no other loans or facilities outstanding at that point.
Any fresh advance, loan or credit that DBS may offer after that date would
constitute a new arrangement to be interpreted as a separate and new agreement
as such, and outside the terms of the facility letter of 4 March and the
charge of 18 March 1998. Tararone had no further obligation than to pay (as
pledgor) the sum of $365,873.87 as demanded by DBS if Sogo did not pay.  
  
Mr Chan referred to DBS`s letter to Sogo dated 18 July 2000 in which the bank
stated that it will honour Sogo`s cheques provided the aggregate amount does
not exceed the amount in the security held by it. This letter written on 18
July is of little utility. First, it was written after the facility had been
terminated. Secondly, it was written after Sogo`s cheque for $2.5m was paid
out on 17 July. The fact that DBS wrote that it would honour further cheques
drawn by Sogo (after the termination of the facility) only if Sogo accepts the
condition that the security of the charge continues in force underlined the
need for fresh security; and that must mean that Tararone must consent. These
two reasons rendered the following point otiose, but for completeness I ought
to mention it. This letter was not copied to Tararone. It is accepted that Mr
Takeshi was a managing director of Sogo as well as Tararone but that is not
sufficient to conclude that Tararone accepted the terms of the letter of 18
July. The companies are separate entities each having its own board of
directors and the creditors may not be the same. When the facility was
terminated, especially in circumstances in which all parties concerned were
aware of the impecuniosity of Sogo, Tararone`s express consent must be
obtained if DBS wanted an extension of the security. The question whether it
was wrong of Sogo to draw on a cheque of that size in the circumstances must
be explored elsewhere. Likewise, whether Mr Takeshi had acted properly as an
officer of the company is an irrelevant issue before me. Without more, the how
and the why of the $2.5m cheque ought not cloud the construction of the
contractual documents which were agreed upon before the final financial
collapse of Sogo and Tararone.  
  
For these reasons I am of the view that Sogo`s debt to DBS that had arisen or
crystallized before the facility was terminated was properly secured by the
charge; but debts arising after the termination are not so secured. I,
therefore, allowed DBS`s claim to that extent. Since the respondents had
admitted Tararone`s liability to the same extent prior to the hearing I
ordered costs to follow the event. It may be that at the initial stage the
respondents denied all liability but in the circumstances, I do not think that
it is sufficient to justify any fraction of the costs to be adjusted in favour
of the applicants.  
  
**Outcome:**

Order accordingly.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

