Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Ramis A/L Muniandy  
[2001] SGHC 36

Case Number | : | CC 10/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 February 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Lit Cheng and Lau Kok Gim [Attorney-General's Chambers] for the prosecution; Singa Retnam [Singa Retnam, Kurup & Associates] (assigned) and G Dinagaran [Thomas Tham & Co] (assigned) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Ramis A/L Muniandy   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Decision**

1\. The accused ("Ramis") aged 30, is a Malaysian who was arrested at
Marsiling Industrial Estate Road 2, Singapore on 12 August 2000 at 7.55am, and
subsequently charged for trafficking in 1529.8g nett of cannabis.

2\. Ramis arrived at Marsiling Industrial Estate Road 2 at 7.50am on his Honda
motorcycle bearing licence registration number JFB 3451. He parked

his motorcycle at the parking lot for motorcycles next to Block 7 and walked a
short distance (about 31m) to the front of the same block and stood near a
tree at the junction where Marsiling Industrial Estate Road 4 joins Marsiling
Industrial Estate Road 2. Five officers namely, SSgt Azman Idris, Sgt Joe
Pang, Cpl Chan Seng, Cpl Mohd Afandy, and Cpl Abdul Rahman alighted from a CNB
staff car and arrested Ramis shortly after he had made a call on his mobile
telephone. Ramis claimed that he had made two calls but in the event, nothing
turned on whether one or two calls were made. His evidence was such that the
two calls could have taken less than five minutes as well as up to 20 minutes.
But on the whole this was insufficient to create a reasonable doubt in my
mind.

3\. He was searched and a bunch of keys, including the key to his motorcycle
was seized from him. He was then taken to his motorcycle by the CNB officers
led by S/SSgt Qamarul Zaman. S/SSgt Qamarul observed that the motorcycle was
covered by a blue raincoat. He asked Ramis if he had anything to surrender; to
which Ramis said, no. S/SSgt Qamarul then removed the raincoat and the
officers saw a "Puma" brand sports bag in the carrier of the motorcycle.
S/SSgt Qamarul asked Ramis whose bag it was and Ramis said "Not mine". The bag
was opened and two packets of greenish vegetable matter in compressed form
were found in a "Fuji Grand" plastic bag. A series of questions were put to
Ramis by S/SSgt Qamarul in English and interpreted by Cpl. Rajkumar in Tamil.
The questions were subsequently recorded in writing at the Clementi Police
Station. The questions were:

> "Q. What is this?"
>
> A. Roke
>
> Q. What is the quantity?
>
> A. I dont know.
>
> Q. .Does it belong to you?
>
> A. Its not mine.
>
> Q. Whose is it?
>
> A. I do not know."

4\. A urine test on Ramis at the Clementi Police Station revealed traces of
cannabis and amphetamine in his urine. No issue arose from the test or its
result. Some documents were also recovered from Ramis at the place of arrest
and these included the insurance certificate covering the motorcycle JFB 3451.
The certificate stated Ramis as the policy holder.

5\. In his defence Ramis testified that the cannabis was not his. He denied
telling S/SSgt Qamarul that the vegetable matter was "Roke". SSgt Qamarul and
Cpl Rajkumar testified that "Roke" means cannabis. However, I am not satisfied
that a street slang may be proved merely by asking an officer or two what it
meant. Evidence must be properly led to establish the experience, knowledge or
expertise of the witness and the basis on which he came to know the particular
meaning. That was not done in this case. Furthermore, S/SSgt Qamarul was
unaware what "Roke" meant. In the circumstances, the evidence concerning the
meaning of "Roke" was, in my judgment, of insufficient value to the
prosecution.

6\. However, Ramis was unable to explain to my satisfaction how the cannabis
came to be found on his motorcycle. He said that he left his home in Johore,
Malaysia on 12 August 2000 at 6am to come to Singapore. He arrived about
6.30am and went to Woodlands Central for breakfast. After that he rode to
Marsiling Industrial Estate Road 4. He said that he had asked a friend called
Kumar the previous night to recommend a job for him; and Kumar told him to
meet at Marsiling. Under cross-examination Ramis said that he had no means of
contacting Kumar.

7\. Defence counsel sought to persuade me that the accused was wearing a grey
jacket and a silver helmet at all material times whereas the CNB officers
spotted the rider of JFB 3451 as wearing a blue jacket and a blue helmet. I am
not persuaded that the defence had raised a reasonable possibility that
someone else was the trafficker. A blue raincoat was found on the motorcycle,
and so was a blue helmet. Cpl. Rajkumar testified that he saw Ramis placing
the helmet in the carrier of the motorcycle before covering the motorcycle
with his blue raincoat. He testified that he had the motorcycle in his sight
at all times and saw no one approaching it. His evidence withstood cross-
examination. I had no hesitation in rejecting Mr. Retnams argument that the
CNB officers were inconsistent in their testimonies because S/SSgt Qamarul
referred to the blue raincoat as a "blue jacket" in his statement. Similarly,
I am of the view that it was a pointless exercise in insisting that the spot
where Ramis was arrested was not in the "car-park" of block 7. The officers
were able to point to the spot as shown in the photographs. In the
circumstances, whether that spot was still part of the car-park or strictly
part of the road was a semantic exercise of no significance. I am also of the
view that nothing much turned on whether Ramis was arrested at the spot
identified by the CNB officers or some three or four metres away as he
claimed. In my view, nothing turned on the fact that Ramis was carrying the
silver helmet when he was arrested although SSgt Qamarul said that he saw
Ramis wearing the blue helmet when he rode in. The relevant and
incontrovertible facts are that the blue helmet was found on the motorcycle
together with the blue raincoat and the cannabis; and the motorcycle belonged
to Ramis who rode in on it.

8\. It is always important that the court should take the paucity of evidence
into consideration in arriving at any finding of fact. In this case, defence
counsel Mr. Retnam submitted that there was no evidence that the area where
Ramis was arrested was deserted. On the contrary, he submitted that the
photographs showed numerous vehicles all parked in the vicinity of the two
adjacent roads. This may not be proof of the vehicular traffic condition at
the time of arrest since the photographs were all taken at a much later time,
and some on much later dates but may not be representative of the situation at
7.55am on 12 August 2000. I am satisfied that there was no reasonable
possibility of someone else planting the cannabis in Ramiss motorcycle. He was
observed by the CNB officers S/SSgt Qamarul and Cpl. Rajkumar as he entered
Marsiling Industrial Estate Road 4. He was seen parking his motorcycle and
walking towards the spot where he was arrested. All that was within five
minutes or so. He adduced his cautioned statement in evidence, but that only
stated: "I do not admit to the charges" (sic). The cannabis was, in my
judgment, in the possession of Ramis at all material times. The prosecution
had proved beyond reasonable doubt that Ramis brought the cannabis on his
motorcycle and it remained in his possession notwithstanding that he left his
motorcycle unattended at the parking lot for a few minutes. I do not accept
Ramiss version that he was at there for 20 minutes. I have also taken into
account that it was not the defence case that the Puma bag was deposited in
Ramiss motorcycle before he arrived at Marsiling Industrial Estate Road 4. In
a sense, I agree with Mr. Retnam that it is certainly possible that Cpl.
Rajkumar might have a momentary lapse of concentration during which time
someone could have left the bag in Ramiss motorcycle. But in the absence of
any reason why anyone would do such a thing in the circumstances of this case,
I am unable to accept this remote possibility as having sufficient weight to
create any doubt that Ramis carried the bag with him as he entered Marsiling
Industrial Estate Road 4.

9\. I, therefore, found Ramis guilty as charged and sentenced him to suffer
death.

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Feb 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

