Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Quah Su-Ling v Inno-Pacific Holdings Ltd  
[2001] SGHC 197

Case Number | : | OS 601004/2001, SIC 601637/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 July 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Thio Ying Ying, Cheong Aik Hock and Lim Kwee Huat [Kelvin Chia Partnership] for the plaintiff; Melanie Ho and Philip Fong [Harry Elias Partnership] for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Quah Su-Ling — Inno-Pacific Holdings Ltd   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Decision**

1\. The applications before me on 20 July 2001 under this Originating Summons
and summons-in-chambers 601637 of 2001 were made by the plaintiff who is a
shareholder of the defendant company. The main prayer was for an order for an
abridgement of time. A summary of the background in which this issue arose is
as follows. The defendant is a public listed company. It convened its annual
general meeting sometime in April this year. The meeting took about 13 hours
and is still not over. It had been adjourned to 31 August 2001. In the
interim, some shareholders ("the requisitionists") representing just a little
over 10% of the total shareholders tried to convene an extra-ordinary general
meeting (EOGM) - which they were entitled to do provided the requisite
conditions under the Companies Act are met - with the aim of removing three
directors from the board of directors. What grounds the requisitionists have
are immaterial in these proceedings before me. They are matters for the
company, the directors and the shareholders to muse and debate.

2\. On 5 May 2001 various notices were given to the company by diverse groups
of the requisitionists to convene the EOGM. Procedurally, under s 185 of the
Companies Act, notice of the requisitionists must be given to the company not
less than 28 days before the meeting. The company, in turn, must give notice
of the resolutions and its notice of the meeting to members of the company
either at the same time or at latest not less than 14 days before the meeting.

3\. The solicitors representing the requisitionists asked the company whether
it will send out notices of the resolutions and the EOGM as required under the
Companies Act. There was no affirmative response and, fearing that a
dereliction of duty by the company may scuttle the EOGM the plaintiff took out
this Originating Summons to compel the company to do so.

4\. This Originating Summons was originally fixed for hearing before Justice
Judith Prakash on 17 July 2001 but at the hearing the company’s counsel
informed the court that Credit Agricole Indosuez, one of the requisitionists,
may not be a registered member. The hearing was adjourned for this to be
verified. It transpired that Credit Agricole Indosuez was a beneficial owner
of shares in the company but the shares were registered in the register of
shareholders in the name of their nominee company, Raffles Nominee Pte Ltd. On
18 July 2001 Raffles Nominee then signed the required notice and that was
served on the company. The adjourned Originating Summons was ref-fixed for
hearing before me on an urgent basis as the last day for the company to send
out the notice of EOGM is Monday 23 July. By this time various other
shareholders appeared as interveners in a related Originating Summons taken
out by one of the directors.

5\. Before me, Miss Thio on behalf of the plaintiff requisitionist asked for
an abridgement of time from 5 July 2001 to 18 July 2001 in respect of the
notice served by Raffles Nominees Pte Ltd and that the company be directed to
issue notice of the meeting to the members. Miss Ho appeared on behalf of the
company. She opposed the application on the ground that the provisions under
the Companies Act were not complied with. Her point was that under s.177(1)
any two or more members holding not less than 10% of the shareholding may call
for a meeting of the company. On 5 July 2001 there was slightly less than 10%
because Credit Agricole Indosuez was not a registered member. On the other
hand, on 18 July when Credit Agricole’s nominees served their notice they
represented only 2% of the shareholding. Thus, her argument goes, there was
not at any one time a notice called by two or more members representing at
least 10% of the shareholding. It was not disputed that the shareholders who
served their notices on 5 July and Raffles Nominees Pte Ltd together represent
at least 10% of the shareholding. She cited the Australian case of _Gately v
United Permanent Building Society_. The citation was not given but Miss Ho had
undertaken to provide it. However, a copy of the case was printed from a LEXIS
search and handed to me. Kearney J in construing the Australian provision R78
held as follows:

> > "As a matter of construction of R78 it seems to me to be unnecessary that
> the requisition should not only have the minimum number of signatures but
> also that such signatures must be able to identified at that time as being
> entitled to vote. Otherwise … the entitlement to vote could never be
> accurately ascertained in relation to the date of delivery of the
> requisition."

This issue arose in the _Gately_ case only incidentally. The main issue in
that case concerned an application for security for costs and one of the
incidental issues was that the plaintiff’s claim was likely to fail because
its requisition was invalid.

6\. Therefore, what I had to decide here was whether the circumstances in this
case permit the court to grant an abridgement of time; and if so, were there
grounds to do so? In my view, a requirement as to the time for the doing of an
act, unless it is a substantive time-bar provision, is a procedural
requirement which the court has the power to abridge or extend. The
requirement of 28 days under the Companies Act was clearly to give sufficient
time for all concerned to prepare themselves. It is, therefore, a procedural
limitation. The key consideration therefore must be whether there was or would
be prejudice if such time was abridged. In this case, I enquired from counsel
what prejudice lies against the company and the other shareholders if the
abridgement of time was granted. No sufficient grounds were offered. There was
only the weak response that if the application was refused the company need
not have held the meeting. Counsel for one of the interveners said that it is
an inconvenience to foreign shareholders who have to make the trip. I do not
think that this is a valid point. If the meeting was properly convened they
would have to make the trip anyway if they were so minded. Furthermore, in
this case, the second time limit (of 14 days notice) by the company to its
members, which is the more important one, required no abridgement of time.
Miss Thio referred me to the various conduct of the company and the directors
in placing obstacles in the way of the requisitionists. For example, they were
refused access to inspect the register of members and they were eventually
given an out-of-date list of members. She submitted that had the list been
properly and expeditiously given the nominee shareholding of Credit Agricole
would have been discovered in good time. It is not necessary for me to dwell
on the conduct of the company and its directors save to observe that a company
and its directors owe a duty to all shareholders, whether minority or
majority, and the proper running and administration of the company include the
granting access and facility to its members who are entitled to them or are
reasonably and objectively considered to be so entitled. Such duties must be
discharged even if the members have a personal motive of using the information
or facility in order to impeach the directors.

7\. For the above reasons I granted an order in terms of the plaintiff’s
application for an abridgement of time, and prayers 1 and 2 of the Originating
Summons. I made no order on prayer 3 because it was unclear as to whose duty
it was to give notice under s 177(4). In hindsight, it seems to me that either
party, namely the requisitionists and the company may give that notice to its
members. As it transpired, Miss Thio was content to undertake the exercise for
the requisitionists provided that the list of members is given to her in good
time. The other prayers as well as the related applications by one of the
directors were adjourned to a later date.

8\. The defendant has appealed and asked for the appeal to be heard on an
expedited basis. It also applied for a stay of my orders of 20 July 2001. I am
not fully convinced that this matter required an appeal to be heard on an
expedited basis, but given the nature of the dispute, I exercised my
discretion in allowing the application for the appeal to be heard on an
expedited basis subject to the availability of court dates. However, I see no
reason to grant a stay of my orders of 20 July 2001. Ordinarily, a stay would
be granted if otherwise the appeal would be rendered nugatory. In this case,
if the appeal is successful, the EOGM will be invalidated and the directors
reinstated. If a stay is granted, the orders of 20 July 2001 would have been
in vain. It is true that the plaintiff may convene a fresh EOGM if the orders
of 20 July were reversed on appeal, but in balancing the inconvenience of the
opposing parties, I think the balance tilts in favour of the one with the
orders of court on his side. I say this on the assumption that the
inconvenience to the company or the directors is greater than the
inconvenience to the requisitionists although, in my view, from the
difficulties faced in getting the co-operation of the company to call the
EOGM, it appears that it would inconvenience the requisitionists more. The
application for stay was therefore disallowed.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jul 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

