Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wong Jin Fah (suing by his next friend Ho Chia Hao) v L & M Prestressing
Pte Ltd and Others (Liberty Citystate Insurance Pte Ltd (formerly known as
Citystate Insurance Pte Ltd) and Another, Third Parties)  
[2001] SGHC 249

Case Number | : | Suit 474/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 August 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vinodh Coomaraswamy and Dylan Lee (Shook Lin & Bok) for the plaintiff; K Anparasan (William Chai & Rama) for the first defendants and first third party; Lim Yong (Lim Hua Yong & Co) for the second defendants; Tan Hong Seng (Joseph Tan Jude Benny Anne Choo) for the third defendants; Fazal Mohamed (B Rao & KS Rajah) for the second third party; Dylan Lee and Stanley Lim (Shook Lin & Bok) for the plaintiff; K Anparasan (William Chai & Rama) for the first defendants and first third party; James Yu (Yu & Co) for the second defendants; Fazal Mohamed (B Rao & KS Rajah) for the third defendants and second third party; Tan Ken Siong (in person) for the fourth defendants   
Parties | : |  Wong Jin Fah (suing by his next friend Ho Chia Hao) — L & M Prestressing Pte Ltd — Liberty Citystate Insurance Pte Ltd (formerly known as Citystate Insurance Pte Ltd); Another   
  
Building and Construction Law – Contractors’ duties – Breach of statutory duty
– Building under construction – Failure to make and keep safe place of work –
Absence of overhead protection along periphery of building – Inadequate safety
netting – Joint and several liability – Whether one judgment sum against all
defendants – s 33(3), 88(1, 88(2)) &88(3) Factories Act (Cap 104, 1998 Ed) –
regs 5(1) & 100 Factories (Building Operations and Works of Engineering
Construction) Regulations (Cap 104, Rg 8, 1999 Ed)  
  
Building and Construction Law – Construction torts – Building under
construction – Accident caused by inexperienced and unqualified workers –
Occupier's liability – Degree of control – Duty to use reasonable care not to
create trap or allow concealed danger of which occupier knows or ought to know
about – Concealed danger along perimeter of building at ground level due to
falling objects – Absence of overhead protection – Inadequate warning of
concealed danger – Unsafe work practices – Negligence – Contributory
negligence – Liability for breach of duty – Joint and several liability –
Whether one judgment sum against all defendants  
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Plaintiff persisting in claim against second
defendants despite absence of blame against them by other defendants – Whether
'Sanderson' or 'Bullock' order appropriate  
  
Employment Law – Contract of service – Contract for service – Distinction –
Master and servant  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – First defendants pleading guilty to
offence under Factories Act – Whether fact of conviction admissible in
evidence to prove commission of offence – s 45A(1) Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997
Ed) – ss 33(3), 88(1) & 89(2) Factories Act (Cap 104, 1998 Ed) – regs 5(1)
&5(3) Factories (Building Operations and Works of Engineering Construction)
Regulations (Cap 104, Rg 8, 1999 Ed)  
  
Insurance – Policyholders – Extent of policy's coverage  
  

:  
  
**_Introduction_**

****

This action arose out of an accident on a construction site at No 19 Lok Yang
Way (`the site`). On 2 September 1999, Wong Jin Fah (`the plaintiff`), a
Malaysian with permanent resident status in Singapore, was working at the site
when a piece of metal formwork fell from the partly constructed building and
struck him on the head.  
  
The heavy piece of metal pierced and cracked the plaintiff`s safety helmet and
caused him to sustain serious injuries; the medical report produced in court
opined that the plaintiff was likely to suffer permanent disabilities.  
  
The plaintiff`s claim was based on negligence, breach of occupier`s liability
and breach of statutory duty on the part of the defendants.  
  
**_The parties involved_**

****

Stamford Tyres International Pte Ltd (`the developers`), through its
architects, RG Architects, awarded L & M Prestressing Pte Ltd (`the first
defendants`), a building contract in October 1998 for the construction of a
four-storey warehouse building with ancillary office and showroom on the site.  
  
The first defendants as the main contractor sub-contracted the structural
works to Wei Sin Construction Pte Ltd (`the third defendants`). The third
defendants in turn sub-contracted to Sin Chynta Construction Pte Ltd (`the
fourth defendants`) fabrication and erection of the formwork as well as its
dismantling after use. The first defendants also sub-contracted installation
of the roof trusses to Hoe Hoe Engineering Pte Ltd (`the second defendants`)
who sub-contracted the work in turn to the plaintiff. Liberty Citystate
Insurance Pte Ltd (`the first third party`) are the insurers of the first
defendants while Cosmic Insurance Corp Ltd (`the second third party`) are the
insurers of the third defendants. The diagram below shows the relationship of
the parties:  
  
Please refer to the pdf file or hard copy of this issue to view the diagam.  
  
As a sub-contractor of the first defendants to manufacture and install roof
trusses, the second defendants also provided the requisite materials for such
installation.  
  
The third defendants` scope of works included the construction of columns to
support the roof, which work was sub-contracted to the fourth defendants.  
  
**_The accident_**

****

On 2 September 1999 at about 10.45am, the plaintiff was informed of the
arrival at the site of a trailer carrying roof trusses; he proceeded to
supervise the delivery and unloading. According to the senior safety
supervisor of the first defendants, K Suberamaniam (`Suberamaniam`), the
plaintiff had his safety helmet on.  
  
Just before the accident, the plaintiff had commenced laying timber planks
over some potholes on the ground along the vehicle washing bay access area at
the site`s entrance. The timber planks provided a pathway for the loaded
trailer to cross the washing bay area.  
  
At that time, two Thai workers of the fourth defendants, Changkwian Thawee
(`Changkwian`) and Wongcharee Dewit (`Wongcharee`) were dismantling metal
formworks at the fourth storey of the building. The roof beam area in which
they were working was directly above the washing bay area.  
  
After unlocking each piece of metal formwork, Changkwian and Wongcharee would
lower it manually to the ground. Whilst lowering down one (1) of these pieces,
Changkwian lost his grip. Although Wongcharee was holding the other end of the
formwork, it proved too heavy for him to bear the weight alone. He released
the metal formwork, it fell and hit a platform at the second storey before
tearing through the safety net surrounding the second storey platform and
hitting the plaintiff on the ground.  
  
The metal formwork was about 300mm wide, 1,500mm long and weighed some 17.4kg.
Falling from a height of some 18m, its force was strong enough to crack the
plaintiff`s safety helmet. Suberamaniam (1DW1) who was then at the nearby
guardroom some 10m away from the spot, saw the plaintiff lying on the ground.
He ran to the plaintiff and found him unconscious with some bleeding on his
left forehead. He immediately carried the plaintiff to the guardroom and
performed first-aid procedure on the plaintiff. Suberamaniam then informed his
project manager, Leong Chee Soon, who called for an ambulance to take the
plaintiff to hospital.  
  
**_The injury_**

****

The plaintiff was sent to National University Hospital. CT scans showed the
plaintiff had suffered open fractures (and bruises) on his forehead and right
frontal sinus and extradural haematoma. He was operated on for his forehead
fracture, his blood clot was evacuated, his torn dura repaired and, he was
subsequently transferred to the Department of Rehabilitation Medicine at Tan
Tock Seng Hospital (on 22 September 1999).  
  
The plaintiff`s injuries were serious. While he was mentally alert, he had
severely reduced attention span and initiation; he was disoriented as to
place, time and person. This suit was commenced by his next friend who is his
brother-in-law.  
  
The plaintiff`s rehabilitation process was also complicated by disrupted
sleep-wake cycles and recurrent post-traumatic seizures. Even after
comprehensive rehabilitation, he could only manage attention spans of 20
minutes, and was capable of performing only basic self-care skills. With his
reduced safety awareness, he required supervision when he was outdoors. After
a whole month of rehabilitation at Tan Tock Seng Hospital, he was discharged
into the care of his wife on 22 October 1999.  
  
Due to his severe traumatic brain injury, the plaintiff was certified to be at
risk of seizures, dementia and side effects from medication, etc. He was also
very likely to have permanent and severe cognitive deficits and disability.
Prolonged follow-up and medical and neurosurgical review were recommended by
his doctors.  
  
**_The plaintiff`s case_**

****

The plaintiff alleged that the accident was caused or contributed to, by the
negligence of all the four defendants or any one or more of them in that they
had, in the main:

(1) failed to provide any or any adequate cover so that persons, including the
plaintiff, would not be exposed to falling objects from the building works;

(2) failed to provide and/or maintain a safe or proper system of work at the
building; and

(3) exposed him to a risk of damage or injury of which they knew or ought to
have known.  
  
On occupier`s liability, the plaintiff alleged that all the four defendants,
or any one or more of them, having a sufficient degree of control over the
site, were occupiers of the site.  
  
The plaintiff also alleged that all the four defendants or any one or more of
them, breached their statutory duty under the Factories Act (Cap 104, 1998 Ed)
(`the Act`) in that they:

(1) failed to make and keep safe the place at which the plaintiff was working,
contrary to s 33(3) of the Act;

(2) failed to erect any or any adequate overhead protection along the
periphery of the building contrary to reg 5(1) of the Factories (Building
Operations and Works of Engineering Construction) Regulations (Cap 104, Rg 8,
1999 Ed) (`the Regulations`); and

(3) failed to use any or any sufficient overlay or screening nets contrary to
reg 100 of the Regulations.  
  
**_The first defendants` case_**

****

The first defendants` defence was, that it had no knowledge of the presence of
the fourth defendants at the site and that the fourth defendants were the sub-
contractors of the third defendants. They contended that the injury was caused
by the fourth defendants` workers and attempted to shift liability to the
third and fourth defendants.  
  
**_Occupier`s liability_**

****

The law in respect of an occupier`s liability is based on the common law (see
**Industrial Commercial Bank v Tan Swa Eng** [1995] 2 SLR 716  at 719). The
test of who is an occupier in law is generally accepted as being based on the
degree of control exercised by such person over a particular site or building.
The person who is an occupier in law is not required to be in exclusive
physical occupation of the premises. In the House of Lords case of **Wheat v E
Lacon & Co** [1966] AC 552[1966] 1 All ER 582 at 593-594, Lord Denning opined
that:

> _wherever a person has a sufficient degree of control over premises that he
> ought to realise that any failure on his part to use care may result in
> injury to a person coming lawfully there, then he is an `occupier` and the
> person coming lawfully there is his `visitor`: and the `occupier` is under a
> duty to his `visitor` to use reasonable care. In order to be an `occupier`
> it is not necessary for a person to have entire control over the premises.
> He need not have exclusive occupation. Suffice it that he has some degree of
> control. He may share the control with others. Two or more may be
> `occupiers`. And whenever this happens, each is under a duty to use care
> towards persons coming lawfully on to the premises, dependent on his degree
> of control. If each fails in his duty, each is liable to a visitor who is
> injured in consequence of his failure, but each may have a claim to
> contribution from the other._

  
  
The above passage is significant, when I later deal with the third and fourth
defendants` duty and liability as occupiers. There is no question that under
the law, it is possible to have more than one occupier liable to a visitor
injured at the premises, in circumstances where the duty to use reasonable
care is found to have been breached.  
  
**_The plea of guilt_**

****

The first defendants were originally charged by the Ministry of Manpower
(`MOM`) as the `occupier` of a building operations worksite at the site; they
were said to have contravened reg 5(1) of the Regulations, thereby committing
an offence under s 88(1) of the Act, namely, a contravention which was likely
to cause the death of, or bodily injury to a person.  
  
In the statement of facts for the charge, the first defendants were referred
to as the `occupier` of the site. The relevant portions of **_PP v L & M
Prestressing _** (Summons No MOM 4458/99) read as follows:

> _The defendant, which was the occupier and main contractor of the worksite,
> was carrying out the construction of a 4-storey warehouse building with
> ancillary office and showroom at the said worksite._

  
  
In the subsequent amended charge, as well as the accompanying statement of
facts, the first defendants were similarly referred to as the `occupier` of
the site. Further, in the first defendants` plea in mitigation dated 28 June
2000, submitted by their counsel, they pleaded guilty to the amended charge
under s 88(1) of the Act. The plea, as phrased by their counsel, stated as
follows:

> _The Defendants, L & M Prestressing Pte Ltd, have pleaded guilty to an
> Amended Charge under section 88(1) of the Factories Act (Cap 104) and
> punishable under section 89(2) of the said Act. They have also admitted
> without reservations to the facts of the case as tendered by the
> Prosecution._

  
  
The first defendants were eventually fined (in August 2000) for contravening
reg 5(3) of the Regulations, in relation to the accident.  
  
Consequently, the plaintiff was entitled to assert that under s 45A(1) of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Ed), the first defendants` conviction of an offence
under the Act and the Regulations thereunder, should be admissible in evidence
for the purpose of proving that the company had committed the offence.  
  
**_The issue of trespass_**

****

I shall next deal with the issue of trespass. The first defendants alleged the
plaintiff was a trespasser. They cited his refusal to produce his
identification card in exchange for a security pass and the inability of
Suberamaniam and the security guard (at the main entrance) to recognise the
plaintiff, as evidence of such alleged trespass. Suberamaniam also told the
court that there was constant security on the site. The security guard took
instructions from the first defendants` project manager, Leong Chee Soon. As
the security guard controlled access to the site under the instructions of
Leong Chee Soon, it also meant that the security guard had the power to
prevent unauthorised persons from entering the site.  
  
However, the evidence pointed the other way. Several witnesses had seen the
plaintiff working on the site prior to the accident. The plaintiff`s partner,
Neo Ah Guan (`Neo`), was at the site at the material time overseeing the
installation works undertaken by the plaintiff`s firm, U Chian Ironworks (`U
Chian`). Another of the plaintiff`s witnesses, Tee Tar Foh (PW3), who was a
freelance worker employed by U Chian at the time, also said that the plaintiff
was at the site from July 1999 (when work commenced at the site), until the
day of the accident. The second defendants` witness, Sik Hing (2DW1), their
director, also said that he had met the plaintiff at the site before the day
of the accident. Chan Wai Keong (2DW2), the project co-ordinator of the second
defendants, also said that he had seen the plaintiff on one or two occasions
before the day of the accident, doing supervision. Aaron Soh Eng Siong
(`Soh`), a director of the third defendants, told the court that he had met
the plaintiff at the site before the day of the accident. Changkwian (the Thai
worker of the fourth defendants who dropped the metal formwork) also testified
he had seen the plaintiff at the site before the day of the accident. The
testimony of these witnesses was not challenged by the first defendants.  
  
A significant fact which emerged from the evidence was that there was no
consistent practice (on the part of the first defendants) requiring persons
entering the site to exchange their identification cards for security passes.
Consequently, the plaintiff was an invitee or a business visitor.  
  
More significantly, U Chian was engaged by the second defendants as a sub-
contractor and the plaintiff was/is a partner of U Chian. Therefore, he had
every right to be at the site with the implied if not express, consent, of the
first defendants. The fact that the first defendants were unaware of U Chian`s
engagement by the second defendants, contrary to the standard sub-contract
terms applicable to the letter of award between the first and second
defendants dated 30 March 1999 (see cl 14A.1 at AB97) does not change the
plaintiff`s position vis-.-vis the first defendants nor render him a
trespasser.  
  
**_Breach of duty to use reasonable care_**

****

The first defendants, as `occupiers` of the site, owed a duty to a business
visitor such as the plaintiff, not to create a trap or to allow a concealed
danger to exist upon the premises, of which the first defendants knew or ought
to have known. In **Indermaur v Dames** [1866] LR 1 CP 274 (see also
**Industrial Commercial Bank v Tan Swa Eng** [1995] 2 SLR 716  at 719 and
**Awang bin Dollah v Shun Shing Construction & Engineering Co** [1997] 3 SLR
677  at [para ]30), Willes J said:

> _... with respect to such a visitor at least, we consider it settled law,
> that he, using reasonable care on his part for his own safety, is entitled
> to expect that the occupier shall on his part use reasonable care to prevent
> damage from unusual danger which he knows or ought to know; and that, where
> there is evidence of neglect, the question whether such reasonable care has
> been taken ... and whether there was contributory negligence in the
> sufferer, must be determined ... as a matter of fact ..._

  
  
The first defendants relied on **Mohd bin Sapri v Soil-Build** [1996] 2 SLR
505  at 505-506 to argue that the duty of an occupier to use reasonable care
to prevent unusual dangers which the occupier knew or ought to have known
about, only relates to the physical condition of the premises, as opposed to
current operations at the site. The accident to the plaintiff arose from
current operations at the site carried out by the fourth defendants. The
current operation was carried out in an unsafe manner over which the first
defendants had no control (see **Mohd Sainudin bin Ahmad v Consolidated
Hotels** [1987] SLR 556  [1989] 1 MLJ 297 ).  
  
However, it is to be noted that in **_Mohd bin Sapri_** (supra), the Chief
Justice also quoted with approval the case of **Ferguson v Welsh** [1987] 3
All ER 777 at 783:

> _It would not ordinarily be reasonable to expect an occupier of premises
> having engaged a contractor whom he has reasonable grounds for regarding as
> competent, to supervise the contractor`s activities in order to ensure that
> he was discharging his duty to his employees to observe a safe system of
> work.**In special circumstances, on the other hand, where the occupier knows
> or has reason to suspect that the contractor is using an unsafe system of
> work, it might well be reasonable for the occupier to take steps to see that
> the system was made safe**. [Emphasis is added.]_

  
  
Suberamaniam admitted that he was fully aware that workers were dismantling
formworks on the fourth storey of the building at the material time and, that
there was inadequate overhead protection. Suberamaniam also admitted that the
overhead protection had not been erected, rather, it was in the process of
being erected.  
  
The plaintiff`s partner Neo (PW2) had testified that the green netting was
about three (3) storeys high. After the accident, he noticed that the netting
was put up to the fourth level. Someone had obviously noticed the inadequate
safety netting and rectified the omission immediately after the accident. Tee
Tar Foh (the plaintiff`s freelance worker) had also testified that the area
where the accident occurred was not cordoned off at the ground level.  
  
It was clear that there was a concealed danger along the perimeter of the
building at ground level, due to the dangers posed by falling objects. Such
danger would not be immediately apparent to anyone walking at the ground level
below.  
  
In the circumstances, the first defendants had failed to give adequate notice
of such concealed danger. There was no warning whatsoever to workers on the
site of the danger of falling objects, in the absence of the overhead shelter.
Suberamaniam was a full-time senior safety supervisor of the first defendants.
He agreed that it was essential for the overhead shelter/protection to have
been completed before any dismantling of the formworks was carried out. He
also admitted that the overhead shelter had not been erected along the
periphery of the building under construction. He also admitted that there was
a breach of reg 5(1) of the Regulations.  
  
Even accepting that the first defendants could rely on the third defendants to
dismantle the formworks, the evidence clearly showed that the first defendants
were fully aware of the unsafe work practice adopted by workers of the fourth
defendants, with the absence of the safety netting. There is little doubt that
the first defendants breached their duty to use reasonable care. As such, the
accident and the injury to the plaintiff were caused (or contributed to) by
the breaches of the first defendants` duty as occupiers of the site.  
  
Consequently, I agree with counsel for the plaintiff that the first defendants
had:

(1) exposed the plaintiff to a risk of injury from a hazard or an unusual or
concealed danger, of which the first defendants knew or ought to have known;

(2) failed to warn the plaintiff sufficiently or at all that there were works
carried out on the formwork which would pose a hazard or an unusual or
concealed danger of which they knew or ought to have known; and

(3) caused or permitted the building or the place where the plaintiff was
standing to become or remain a hazardous place to work or a place with unusual
or concealed danger.  
  
**_Negligence_**

****

The first defendants argued that they ought not to be made liable, as the work
had been sub-contracted to the third defendants. However, in **_Mohd bin Sapri
v Soil-Build_** (supra) the Court of Appeal made it clear (at p 514) that:

> _A person who appoints independent contractors does not, ipso facto, absolve
> himself of any liability in negligence to the employees of his independent
> contractors. He may still be liable where the working conditions were
> inherently dangerous, thereby requiring the exercise of significant degree
> of supervision and control over persons with whom he has no contractual
> relationship. Alternatively, ...**he may have to observe such a duty if he
> had taken it upon himself to exercise a degree of control and actively co-
> ordinate the independent contractor`s activities, given that the work
> environment itself involved inherent risks or danger. Thus, both elements of
> `danger` and `control` will have to be considered.** [Emphasis is added.]_

  
  
The first defendants as the main contractor, were in overall charge of safety
on the site with Suberamaniam as their senior safety supervisor. There had
been previous occasions where the first defendants had fined the third
defendants for carrying out unsafe work practices at the site. That being the
case, the first defendants should not have left the matter and method of
dismantling formworks, to their sub-contractors and the third defendants in
particular, without making certain that the latter had taken adequate safety
precautions.  
  
It should have been reasonably foreseeable that someone coming onto the site
would be injured if the first defendants failed to discharge their duty. There
was also sufficient proximity between the first defendants and the plaintiff.
In **_Awang bin Dollah v Shun Shing Construction & Engineering Co _** (supra
at [para ]20), the Court of Appeal made it clear that a main contractor owed a
duty of care to a workman as if he was the workman`s `employer`,
notwithstanding that the workman was not employed by him but by a sub-
contractor, if he (the main contractor) exercised or had the right of control
over the workman in respect of the work which the workman was engaged to
perform.  
  
The first defendants had been convicted for breach of reg 5(1) under the Act,
to which they pleaded guilty. They had then penalised the third defendants by
charging to the latter, (more than) the fine they had paid to the MOM. At the
very least, there was a failure on the part of the first defendants, through
Suberamaniam, to ensure that workers at the site were qualified to carry out
their work.  
  
Changkwian (4DW2) who dropped the metal formwork, confirmed that he only
started working with metal formwork two (2) months prior to the accident. He
testified that his fellow worker Wongcharee, was even less experienced in
handling metal formwork. Changkwian admitted that the first time he actually
dismantled metal formwork was whilst working at the site; it was also the
first time for Wongcharee, a fact unknown to Suberamaniam.  
  
Suberamaniam was aware that the third defendants and/or their sub-contractors
had consistently failed to comply with safety regulations. In fact, there were
warning notices issued by the first to the third, defendants. Although there
were informal meetings to brief workers on ongoing unsafe practices at the
site, there were no specific briefings pertaining to safety when dismantling
metal formwork. Taking these factors into account, I am of the view that the
first defendants owed a duty of care to all invitees, as they had taken upon
themselves the task of exercising a degree of control and had actively co-
ordinated the various sub-contractors` activities, given that the work
environment itself involved inherent risks or dangers.  
  
It is noteworthy that unknown to the MOM (according to their factory
inspector, Januri Jaafar), Suberamaniam himself did not have the requisite
minimum two (2) years` experience as a site foreman before taking up his
appointment as a site safety supervisor, as required under reg 25(3) of the
Regulations. Indeed, it appeared that he was unfamiliar with the safe handling
of metal formwork. He was not in a position to give instructions on how to
dismantle metal formworks safely, even if he had wanted to do so.  
  
Under reg 5(1) of the Regulations, overhead protection must be erected along
the periphery of every building which is under construction. The only
exception is when the building is less than 15m in height. It was confirmed by
Suberamaniam that no overhead protection had been erected along the periphery
of the building. Januri Jaafar (PW7), of the MOM confirmed there was no
periphery overhead protection around the building, when he visited the site to
conduct investigations, shortly after the accident. This resulted in the first
defendants being charged, convicted and fined under s 89(3) of the Act.  
  
Under reg 100 of the Regulations, where a scaffold is erected in an area where
construction activities may pose hazards to pedestrian or vehicular traffic in
the form of falling objects, overlay or screening nets shall be used to
envelope the scaffold. The first defendants failed to comply with this
regulation. Suberamaniam confirmed that the safety net was only `going up
gradually from the third to the fourth storeys` whilst work was already being
carried out at the fourth storey.  
  
**_Causation_**

****

On the question of causation, the accident would not have happened had a
proper system of supervision been in place. Had the overhead protection been
up to the third storey on the day of the accident, the plaintiff would not
have suffered head and other injuries. The impact of the force of the free-
falling metal formwork would undoubtedly have been reduced by the overhead
protection, thereby minimising if not, avoiding the accident. Further, had the
safety net been raised to the level of the fourth storey, the path of the
free-falling metal formworks could have been diverted, thereby preventing the
accident altogether. There was also a lack of warning signs in the area
immediately below where the dismantling works were being carried out; added to
that is the fact that the area was not cordoned off.  
  
**_The Factories Act and breach of statutory duties_**

****

In **_Awang bin Dollah v Shun Shing Construction & Engineering Co _** (supra
at 679), the Court of Appeal made it clear that the object and purpose of the
(Factories) Act deemed it incumbent on the `occupier` of the premises to show
that he has taken all reasonable steps to make and keep the place of work safe
for anyone working there. The rationale, as explained, is that only the
`occupier` has the requisite knowledge and expertise in respect of such
matters, and is in a position to ensure compliance with the Act.  
  
Reading s 88(1) with s 88(2) and (3) of the Act, the duty on the first
defendants as occupier and main contractor is non-delegable. In **Lim Chin Yok
Co v Malayan Insurance Co Inc** [1975] 1 MLJ 101 , Choor Singh J said (at p
103I):

> _A statutory duty is absolute in the sense that whatever the statute
> prescribes must be strictly performed. If the Act, according to its true
> construction, has not been complied with, liability is automatic. In this
> sense the defendants had failed to perform their duty and this breach of
> duty had resulted in harm to the plaintiff. He was therefore entitled to
> succeed in his claim for damages against the defendants._

  
  
In the circumstances, the first defendants breached their statutory duty, as
they had failed to make and keep safe, the place at which the plaintiff was
working, contrary to s 33(3) of the Act. They also failed to erect any or any
adequate overhead protection along the periphery of the building, contrary to
reg 5(1) of the Regulations. Their site supervisor (Suberamaniam) did not even
have the requisite qualification under reg 25(3)(c).  
  
Two names which cropped up frequently during the cross-examination of
Suberamaniam were the project manager Leong Chee Soon and the safety officer
Daniel Teo. The impression Suberamaniam gave was that Leong Chee Soon and
Daniel Teo played important roles in ensuring safety on the site. However,
neither of them were called to testify and no reasons were offered for their
absence from court. I can only surmise that if called, their evidence would
not have been favourable to the first defendants.  
  
I would therefore allow the claim by the plaintiff against the first
defendants as claimed.  
  
**_The second defendants_**

****

The second defendants were sub-contractors of the first defendants. In turn,
they sub-contracted to the plaintiff the work of fabricating the roof trusses
to the building. The plaintiff raised the same causes of action against the
second defendants. However, it is difficult to see how the second defendants
can be liable.  
  
U Chian was engaged by the second defendants by way of a letter dated 18 June
1999 (`the letter`). The second defendants did not have direct control and
supervision over the manner of performance of work by the plaintiff`s firm.
Under cl 5 of the letter (see AB115), the plaintiff himself was to employ a
skilled and competent supervisor to supervise and co-ordinate the works at the
site.  
  
The plaintiff`s partner Neo confirmed in re-examination (N/E 14) that the
second defendants did not supervise the plaintiff or him in their work. Neo
confirmed that both he and the plaintiff were skilled in the installation of
roof trusses and they mainly supervised their own workers. This included
taking delivery of the materials at the site.  
  
The second defendants had no control over the installation and dismantling of
the metal formworks. Neither were they responsible for the erection of safety
netting where the metal formworks were constructed. It was clear from the
evidence that the construction of overhead protection and safety netting
around the periphery of the building at the site was outside the second
defendants` scope of work and responsibility. Neither were the second
defendants responsible as regards entry of visitors and workers, and the
overall safety regulations at the site. There was no evidence to conclude that
the second defendants had sufficient or any control of the site so as to be
deemed an `occupier`.  
  
The accident was caused by two Thai workers of the fourth defendants. Even if
it can be said that the second defendants owed a duty of care to the plaintiff
as an employee, there was no evidence to suggest that the second defendants or
their workers caused or contributed to the accident.  
  
Consequently, the plaintiff`s claim against the second defendants is dismissed
with costs.  
  
**_The third defendants_**

****

The third defendants` scope of work, as a sub-contractor of the first
defendants included, inter alia, structural works at the site. The third
defendants were also required to erect the columns supporting the roof of the
building; they sub-contracted part of their work to the fourth defendants.  
  
The third defendants` contention was simply that their relationship with the
fourth defendants was not one of master and servant, but that the latter was
employed as an independent contractor. Hence, they were not responsible for
any harm caused by the fourth defendants` Thai workers to the plaintiff.  
  
However, that was not the evidence adduced in court. At the material time,
there was indeed a relationship of master and servant between the third and
fourth defendants.  
  
An employee is a servant if he is `subject to the command of his master as to
the manner in which he shall do his work` (see **Yewens v Noakes** [1880] 6
QBD 530 at 532-533). In **Queensland Stations v Federal Commissioner of
Taxation** [1945] 70 CLR 539 Latham CJ (at p 545) defined it thus:

> _If the work to be done by one person for another is subject to the control
> and direction of the latter person in the manner of doing it, the person
> doing the work is a servant and not an independent contractor, and prima
> facie his reward would be wages. An independent contractor undertakes to
> produce a given result, but is not, in the actual execution of the work,
> under the order or control of the person for whom he does it._

  
  
The conventional test is as stated by Denning LJ in **Stevenson Jordan &
Harrison v Macdonald & Evans** [1952] 1 TLR 101 at 111 where he established
the `organisation` or `enterprise control` test. The question to be answered
appears to be whether the person`s work was subjected to co-ordinational
control as to `where` and `when`, rather than the `how`:

> _under a contract of service, a man is employed as part of the business, and
> his work is done as an integral part of the business; whereas, under a
> contract for services, his work, although done for the business, is not
> integrated into it but only accessory to it._

  
  
That much is clear.  
  
The third defendants sub-contracted labour from the fourth defendants. On the
day of the accident, the fourth defendants` two Thai workers were continuing
to dismantle formworks based on instructions given to them the previous day,
by the third defendants` foreman.  
  
The evidence was that the fourth defendants` workers received instructions
directly from the third defendants. Changkwian maintained that the
instructions to dismantle the metal formworks came from the third defendants.
It was revealed by Tan Ken Siong (`Tan`), a director of the fourth defendants,
that his workers took instructions from the third defendants` representatives
at the site. Tan (4DW1) testified that a foreman and a supervisor on the site
gave instructions to dismantle the metal formworks.  
  
The third defendants` director, Soh, had contracted workers from the fourth
defendants after his company ran into problems with their initial sub-
contractor. Soh said he did not take any steps to verify whether the fourth
defendants` workers were skilled or qualified to carry out dismantling of
metal formworks. He was under great pressure to complete the third defendants`
scope of works as the original sub-contractor his company hired failed to
carry out the work expeditiously. I very much doubt that Soh was at all
concerned with whether the fourth defendants` workers were skilled. He hardly
dealt with the fourth defendants` workers and left it to his site supervisor,
Lim Che Leng (`Lim`), to take care of the operations at the site.  
  
Lim (3DW2) on his part did not perform his duties satisfactorily. He was not
even aware when the project was scheduled to be completed. In fact, when asked
if he occasionally checked on the works, his answer was in the negative.
Pressed further on the point, Lim countered that the site engineer of the
first defendants was supposed to check on the progress of the work relating to
metal formworks - that it was not his, but the engineer`s, responsibility. It
turned out that Lim did not check on the fourth defendants` workers on the day
of the accident. Neither did he brief them regarding safety procedures for the
dismantling. In fact, Lim was aware of the dismantling work on the day of the
accident. He saw the fourth defendants` workers working at the edge of the
building; he acknowledged that there was a risk of falling objects. Lim was
also aware that there was no overhead protection and that the safety net was
not up to the level where the fourth defendants` Thai workers were working.
Not only did Lim fail to supervise and fail to instruct the fourth defendants`
workers to take extra care (because there was no overhead protection), he also
failed to inform Suberamaniam about these unsafe work practices.  
  
It turned out that the fourth defendants` workers who carried out the
dismantling work were neither skilled, qualified nor sufficiently experienced
to carry out the dismantling work.  
  
The evidence revealed that the third defendants were unable to complete their
work in accordance with the contractual deadline stipulated by the first
defendants. Indeed, Soh confirmed that the project was already behind schedule
between July and August 1999. In consequence, the third defendants received a
claim for liquidated damages from the first defendants.  
  
As a result of the delay in completion and the threat of liquidated damages,
the third defendants rushed their work and cut corners in terms of safety and
safe work practices. No one supervised the fourth defendants` workers who
turned out to be inexperienced and unqualified. Had there been supervision by
Lim or anyone else, the accident may not have happened.  
  
The evidence suggests a lack of chain of command between the third and fourth
defendants. The fourth defendants` workers received no proper instructions,
were not supervised and had to improvise their own methods of work.  
  
**_Occupier`s liability_**

****

Consequently, the third defendants had a sufficient degree of control over the
site. In **China Insurance Co v Woh Hup** [1975-1977] SLR 583  [1977] 2 MLJ 57
at 59A, the court accepted the definition of an `occupier` as `he who has the
immediate supervision and control and the power of permitting or prohibiting
the entry of other persons`. The third defendants can justifiably be regarded
as an `occupier`. In consequence of the failure to supervise the fourth
defendants` workers, the third defendants rendered the site an unsafe place of
work.  
  
In the circumstances, I allow the plaintiff`s claims against the third
defendants.  
  
**_The fourth defendants_**

****

By an oral agreement entered in early August 1999, between the third and
fourth defendants, the former agreed to engage the latter as a sub-contractor
to supply workers to install and dismantle the metal formworks at the site.
The fourth defendants charged a lump sum of $45,000 for the sub-contract.  
  
As stated earlier, the Thai workers of the fourth defendants were
inexperienced; they also had no proper supervision. The fourth defendants
vicariously owed a duty of care to the plaintiff to provide a safe and proper
system of work. In **Dobb & Co v Hecla** [1972-1974] SLR 522  [1973] 2 MLJ 128
at 129, the court said:

> _A person who, though not an occupier of premises, actually creates a danger
> and has reason to expect that other persons will be lawfully on the premises
> during the existence of that danger owes them a duty to take reasonable
> care. This duty `arises quite independently of the occupation of premises.
> It does not arise out of any invitation or licence`._

  
  
Changkwian told the court (NE 230) that the first time he had dismantled metal
formworks was when he was employed by the fourth defendants. Although
Changkwian had attended a carpentry course (conducted by a Singapore
institute) in Singapore, that only taught him how to assemble metal formworks
(NE 232); he was never taught how to dismantle metal formworks. To make
matters worse, the worker who was paired with Changkwian on the day of the
accident, Wongcharee, had even less experience than Changkwian in handling
metal formworks. It was the first time Wongcharee dismantled metal formworks
while working at the site.  
  
The Thai workers adopted unsafe work practices; Changkwian told the court that
whenever a metal formwork was stuck, he would shake the formwork to loosen it.
Changkwian admitted that such methods he and Wongcharee employed were an
unsafe method of dismantling metal formworks. He further conceded that if he
had adopted a safe method, the accident would not have occurred. Changkwian
was also fully aware that the area below the dismantling works was not
cordoned off and lacked overhead protection. The evidence also revealed that
Changkwian did not shout any warning when the metal formwork fell.  
  
There was ample evidence of a failure to ensure and put in place, a system of
proper supervision. Tan told the court that no one was employed by the fourth
defendants to supervise the dismantling of the metal formworks, the reason
being that the job was only for 2[half ] months. During that period, Tan did
not visit the site. Apparently he would meet Soh outside the site (NE 215).
Tan`s son Tan Yew Keng (4DW4) testified (NE 283-284) that he only went to the
site to pass tools to the fourth defendants` workers but did not supervise the
works or visit the site although he was a site supervisor himself. Tan
consistently maintained that the third defendants were contractually bound to
supervise his workers and implement safe working practices. Tan admitted that
he had been shown warning notices by the third defendants pertaining to
breaches of safety at the site. These warning notices had been issued by the
first defendants concerning the danger of falling roof materials. Although Tan
claimed he had asked Soh to send a foreman to instruct and supervise his
workers on how to remove the roof materials, Tan did not follow-up to check
whether this was done.  
  
The evidence also revealed that the fourth defendants` workers had to work
more than 90 hours a week at the site; they would have been tired out from the
long hours and their physical condition and alertness must have been affected.  
  
The fourth defendants would or should have known that their Thai workers were
not qualified or experienced to dismantle the metal formworks. Changkwian knew
that the safe way to dismantle metal formworks was by means of ropes, but this
was never put into practice. There was a lack of supervision of the workers
coupled with the omission to cordon off the area below the dismantling works.
Further, the fourth defendants failed to stop all dismantling works, despite
being aware of the lack of overhead protection.  
  
Consequently, I also allow the plaintiff`s claims against the fourth
defendants.  
  
**_Contributory negligence_**

****

Was there contributory negligence on the plaintiff`s part as all the
defendants contended? They alleged that he was aware of the dismantling works
and thus the danger, yet the plaintiff went ahead to lay the wooden planks at
a place that was so near to the building.  
  
A reference to the House of Lords decision in **AC Billings & Sons v Riden**
[1958] AC 240[1957] 3 All ER 1 would be helpful at this stage. Their Lordships
made it clear that the contractors in the case owed a duty to all persons who
might be expected lawfully to visit the house to take such care as was, in all
the circumstances, reasonable to ensure that they were not exposed to danger.
Where the plaintiff **_was aware of the danger_** , but in all the
circumstances, a reasonable person would have risked incurring it, the
contractors were not absolved from liability either by giving a warning or by
reliance on the plaintiff`s knowledge. In considering what a reasonable person
would realise or would do in a particular situation, regard must be had to
human nature, and if in that situation, the great majority of people would
behave in one way, it is not right to say that a reasonable person would have
behaved in another. Lord Reid put it very succinctly ([1958] AC 240 at 255;
[1957] 3 All ER 1 at 8) as follows:

> _I agree with Hallett J that the question is not whether she realised the
> danger but whether the facts which she knew would have caused a reasonable
> person in her position to realise the danger. But in considering what a
> reasonable person would realise or would do in a particular situation we
> must have regard to human nature as we know it, and, if one thinks that in a
> particular situation the great majority of people would have behaved in one
> way, it would not be right to say that a reasonable man would or should have
> behaved in a different way.**A `reasonable man` does not mean a paragon of
> circumspection**. [Emphasis is added.]_

  
  
To say from the outset that the plaintiff was aware of the danger of falling
metal formwork would be premature. One must first consider whether the
plaintiff **_was indeed aware of the danger_** from falling metal formwork.
The case **The Heranger** [1939] AC 94 established that the burden of proving
contributory negligence on the plaintiff rests on the defendant(s). This may
be inferred from the plaintiff`s own evidence ( **Baker v E Longhurst & Sons**
[1933] 2 KB 461) or, on a balance of probabilities from the facts ( **Gibby v
East Grinstead Gas and Water Co** [1944] 1 All ER 358).  
  
The defendants tried to convince the court that the plaintiff should not have
been working at the area below the dismantling works. Their counsel tried to
show that the area was an obvious danger zone given the dismantling works that
was going on above. The plaintiff`s partner (Neo) had however testified that
he did not think that a piece of formwork might be allowed to fall from the
building. Indeed, Suberamaniam said he did not expect objects to fall into the
washing bay. Lim Che Leng of the third defendants said that he did not expect
that formwork would fly off. Wong Kock Keong (4DW3), the fourth defendants`
foreman, maintained that it was unexpected for flying objects to fall out of
the safety net. Such consistent evidence confirmed that a reasonable person
would not perceive the area below the dismantling works as a danger zone.  
  
The defendants sought to argue that the area was out of bounds to people
working at the site - that it was only for vehicles to move in and out of the
site. However, this was not borne out by the evidence from Chan Wai Kheong
(2DW2) of the second defendants; the dismantling works on the upper levels
were not that obvious, particularly to onlookers from below. There was no
indication that the area was out of bounds as no warning signs were placed
around the area; neither was it cordoned off. Januri Jaafar had opined that
there was no reason for the plaintiff not to be there, unless the area was
cordoned off.  
  
Consequently, there was insufficient evidence to conclude that the plaintiff
was aware of the danger of falling metal formwork. In any case, in view of the
distance of the washing bay area from the edge of the building, it could not
be regarded that a reasonable man would or should have behaved in a different
manner. The plaintiff was wearing a safety helmet at the time of the accident.
Suberamaniam had also confirmed that the plaintiff was not in breach of any
safety practices. To accept the defendants` contention would be to put an
onerous burden on the plaintiff to behave with exceptional caution.  
  
**_The issue of joint and several liability_**

****

Counsel for the plaintiff submitted one (1) judgment sum should be awarded
against all four (4) defendants, citing **Dingle v Associated Newspapers**
[1961] 2 QB 162[1961] 1 All ER 897 in support. In that case, Devlin LJ said
([1961] 2 QB 162 at 188-189; [1961] 1 All ER 897 at 916):

> _Where injury has been done to the plaintiff and the injury is indivisible,
> any tortfeasor whose act has been a proximate cause of the injury must
> compensate for the whole of it. As between the plaintiff and the defendant
> it is immaterial that there are others whose acts also have been a cause of
> the injury and it does not matter whether those others have or have not a
> good defence. These factors would be relevant in a claim between tortfeasors
> for contribution, but the plaintiff is not concerned with that; he can
> obtain judgment for total compensation from anyone whose acts has been a
> cause of his injury. If there are more than one of such persons, it is
> immaterial to the plaintiff whether they are joint tortfeasors or not. If
> four men, acting severally and not in concert, strike the plaintiff one
> after another and as a result of his injuries he suffers shock and is
> detained in hospital and loses a month`s wages, each wrongdoer is liable to
> compensate for the whole loss of earnings. If there were four distinct
> physical injuries, each man would be liable only for the consequences
> peculiar to the injury he inflicted, but in the example I have given the
> loss of earnings is one injury caused in part by all four defendants._

  
  
In the local case of **Oli Mohamed v Murphy** [1969-1971] SLR 270  [1969] 2
MLJ 244  at 245, Choor Singh J said:

> _Counsel for the second defendant submitted that if the court holds that
> both defendants were equally negligent, then the judgment against the second
> defendant should be only for 50% of the total sum assessed as damages in
> this case. In my opinion this submission also fails. It is clear law that if
> each of several persons, not acting in concert, commits a tort against
> another person substantially contemporaneously and causing the same or
> indivisible damage, each tortfeasor is liable for the whole damage._

  
  
And he cited with approval Devlin LJ`s decision on this point in **_Dingle v
Associated Newspapers_** (supra).  
  
In **Chuang Uming v Setron** [2000] 1 SLR 166  the Court of Appeal held (at p
168):

> _Where the damage or injury was occasioned by more than one party, the
> question whether there should be joint or separate liability depended
> essentially on the facts and in particular the damage caused. If the damage
> caused could be identified and isolated as attributable to the negligent act
> or the breach of contract of each party, then a separate judgment in respect
> of that damage could be entered against each of [the parties]. If, however,
> the damage caused by the parties could not be so identified and isolated,
> but form indivisible parts of the entire damage, it would not be possible to
> enter separate judgments against each of them. On the facts, both the
> defective workmanship and the defective design contributed to the tile
> debonding. The contractors` and the architects` defaults indisputably
> overlapped and contributed to the same damage. A joint judgment was
> therefore the natural result._

  
  
I had found that the first, third and fourth defendants were each a proximate
cause of the injury inflicted on the plaintiff. Although they were not acting
in concert when the accident happened, their contemporaneous acts of omission
caused the indivisible damage to the plaintiff. The defendants left it to the
others to take the necessary precautions and, cumulatively, they did nothing
at all. Each turned a blind eye to safe working practices and relied on the
others. Their faults and breaches indisputably overlapped such that each of
them must be held liable to the plaintiff for the whole damage.  
  
**_The first and second third parties_**

****

By an All Risks Insurance Policy dated 11 December 1998, the first third party
agreed to indemnify the first defendants, the first defendants` sub-
contractors, nominated sub-contractors and their contractor, against certain
liabilities, for the period 8 November 1998 to 7 September 2000.  
  
The first third party in the main sought to convince the court that it was not
liable to indemnify the third and the fourth defendants, for their liability
to the plaintiff. The relevant portions of the insurance policy stated as
follows:

> _Name of Insured_

> _L & M Prestressing Pte Ltd as main contractor & their subcontractors,
> nominated subcontractors and their contractors and Stamford Tyres
> International Pte Ltd as principle FTRR&I 11 Third Chin Bee Road Singapore
> 618687._

> _Period of Insurance_

> _From 8th November 1998 to 7th September 2000._

> _Contract Title_

> _Proposed erection of a 4-storey single-user, single occupier warehouse
> Building with ancillary office and showroom on Lot 2864W (Plot A2932) MK 6
> at 19 Lok Yang Way Singapore._

> _Endorsements, Warranties and/or Clauses Printed in this Policy or attached
> hereto_

> _Employer`s Representatives, Government and Statutory Board Employees as
> Third Party - It is hereby declared and noted that employer, consultants and
> their authorised representative and employees, Government and Statutory
> Board Employees shall be regarded as Third Parties._

  
  
The third defendants joined the second third party to the proceedings. The
third defendants claimed a declaration that the Public Liability Policy issued
by the second third party covered the third defendants` legal liability. The
second third party`s policy was a general policy. The relevant clauses are as
follows:

> _Name of Insured_

> _Wei Sin Construction Pte Ltd_

> _Period of Insurance_

> _From 1st January 1999 to 31st December 1999 (both dates inclusive)_

> _Place to which Policy applies_

> _Anywhere in Singapore_

> _Description of risk_

> _General third party indemnity in respect of legal liability caused by the
> fault or negligence of the insured in connection with the business._

> _Warranty_

> _Warranted that if the Insured is covered under any other policy for Public
> Liability Insurance the Corporation will not indemnify the insured nor be
> called upon to contribute under this policy._

  
  
The second third party`s defence was that the warranty in the policy has the
effect of excluding its liability. The third defendants` policy with the
second third party avoided liability if there was any other policy covering
third party liability. The first defendants` policy with the first third party
was a Contractors` All Risks Policy with a much wider scope of coverage.  
  
The second third party argued that the third defendants were covered by the
first third party that is, the specific Contractor`s All Risks Policy issued
to cover any liability to third parties under the project. The third
defendants` insurance policy with the second third party covered all their
building projects in Singapore for a one-year period of 1999. On the other
hand, the first defendants` insurance policy with the first third party was
specifically for the Lok Yang Way project covering the period 8 November 1998
to 7 September 1999.  
  
As a matter of interpretation, the first third party`s policy did cover the
third defendants. In the circumstances, the second third party`s warranty
clause came into operation, excluding coverage of indemnity for the third
defendants. Hence, the first third party`s insurance policy should indemnify
the third defendants in respect of their liability to the plaintiff.  
  
The fourth defendants also sought to rely on the first third party`s
Contractor`s All Risks Policy. They pleaded that they were the sub-contractor
of the third defendants; even so, the fourth defendants were not the insured
under the policy schedule. The policy only covered main contractors, their
appointed sub-contractors and nominated sub-contractors. The fourth defendants
did not fit into any of these categories. In **_Awang bin Dollah v Shun Shing
Construction & Engineering Co _**, the Court of Appeal (supra at [para ]58),
held that the term `sub-contractors` did not include sub-sub-contractors. Such
an interpretation was also in line with the intention of the parties. As
stated earlier, there was a specific clause, namely cl 14A.1(e), in the first
defendants` sub-contract with sub-contractors (including the third defendants)
which prohibited further sub-contracting by the third defendants, without
prior written consent.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

In summary, I find that the first, third and fourth defendants are liable for
the accident and I award one interlocutory judgment against them in favour of
the plaintiff. Damages to the plaintiff will be assessed/awarded by the
Registrar at a later stage and the costs of such assessment shall be reserved
to the Registrar. The plaintiff`s claim against the second defendant is
dismissed with costs. The first third party shall indemnify the first and
third defendants for their liability to the plaintiff. However, the fourth
defendants` claim against the first third party is dismissed with costs.  
  
Having given the matter due consideration, I am not inclined to make either a
`**_Bullock_** order` or a `**_Sanderson_** order` for costs in this case, as
neither is appropriate even though the plaintiff`s claims against the four
defendants were in the alternative.  
  
(delivering the supplemental judgment):  
  
After I had released my judgment dated 31 August 2001, counsel for the
plaintiff wrote in for further submissions on the issue of costs, in
particular with reference to the last paragraph of my judgment; I had declined
to make either a **_Bullock_** or a **_Sanderson_** order for costs in favour
of the plaintiff.  
  
Counsel for the plaintiff sought to persuade me to make one of these two
orders for costs. The **_Bullock_** order for costs is derived from the case
**Bullock v London General Omnibus Co** [1907] 1 KB 264. In essence it means
that the plaintiff pays the costs of the successful defendant. Once he has
paid, he is allowed to recover these costs from the unsuccessful defendant (on
the same issues) in addition to his own costs incurred in respect of the claim
against the unsuccessful defendant.  
  
The **_Sanderson_** order for costs comes from the case **Sanderson v Blyth
Theatre Co** [1903] 2 KB 533. When such an order is made, it means that the
unsuccessful defendant has to pay direct to the successful defendant, the
latter`s costs, in addition to paying the costs of the plaintiff incurred in
respect of the claim against the unsuccessful defendant.  
  
Counsel for the plaintiff submitted that his client should not be made to pay
the costs of the successful second defendant as such costs were reasonably and
properly incurred, that being the test propounded in both cases.  
  
Elaborating on the above submission, counsel for the plaintiff pointed out
that when the plaintiff commenced these proceedings (on 11 July 2000), he was
not in a position to know which party/parties had caused the accident. The
investigations by MOM had also not been completed. Consequently, the plaintiff
had no alternative but to sue all the defendants. It was only in the course of
trial that evidence emerged as to the parties who were actually responsible
for the plaintiff`s injuries.  
  
Counsel submitted that reasonableness must be measured at the time when the
plaintiff brought the action - the court will look at all the facts which the
plaintiff knew. He cited **Besterman v British Motor Cab Co** [1914] 3 KB 181
which headnotes read:

> _A plaintiff who was injured in a collision between a motor cab and an
> omnibus joined the owners of both vehicles as defendants in an action to
> recover damages for injuries sustained. He obtained a verdict with damages
> against the motor cab company, but the omnibus company obtained a verdict in
> their favour. The judge made an order for payment to the plaintiff by the
> motor cab company of the plaintiff`s costs against the omnibus company and
> of the costs which the omnibus company recovered against the plaintiff:-_

> _**Held** , that the judge had a discretion to make the order, although
> before the issue of the writ the motor cab company had not intimated to the
> plaintiff their intention to throw the responsibility for the accident on
> the other defendants._

> _There is no rule to the effect that, in order to justify an order on an
> unsuccessful defendant to pay the successful co-defendant`s costs, the
> unsuccessful defendant must, before the issue of the writ, have given notice
> to the plaintiff that he is going to throw the blame on the other defendant;
> it is a question in all cases whether it was a reasonable and proper course
> for the plaintiff to join both the defendants in the action._

  
  
Applying **_Besterman_** `s reasoning to our case, counsel for the plaintiff
said:

(1) (long) after the accident, the plaintiff`s medical condition was such that
he was in no position to provide any useful information on the accident so as
to enable his counsel to identify all the tortfeasors with reasonable
certainty;

(2) at the time the writ was filed, it was reasonable to include the first,
second and third defendants in the action. Neither he nor his solicitors knew:
(a) the identity of the person(s) who dropped the metal formwork or who the
latter`s employer was, (b) how the accident occurred, (c) who was responsible
for the accident or the circumstances leading to the accident. That was why
the plaintiff initially pleaded res ipsa loquitur in the statement of claim.
It was reasonable to sue the first defendants because they were the main
contractors. It was also reasonable and appropriate to include the second
defendants since they were the ones who appointed the plaintiff to manufacture
and install roof trusses. It also appeared to be reasonable to include the
third defendants in the action because the plaintiff`s next friend (Ho Chia
Hao) had found the third defendants` signs around the site;

(3) it was only on 8 August 2000 that the plaintiff`s solicitors received a
copy of the MOM investigation report (`the MOM report`) dated 12 July 2000
(AB156-162). Upon their receipt of the same, the plaintiff`s solicitors
decided it was necessary to include the fourth defendants in the action, the
person responsible for dropping the metal formwork being their employee. The
MOM report did not even mention the third defendants as a responsible party;
the third defendants` role only emerged during the trial.  
  
Counsel for the first defendant on the other hand urged me not to change my
decision on costs. He noted that the plaintiff did not make any allegation
against the second defendants in their pleadings or submissions; neither did
the other defendants. Indeed, throughout the course of the (lengthy) trial, no
attempt was made to shift blame onto the second defendants; neither were they
cross-examined on the issue. He pointed out that the plaintiff served the writ
of summons on the second defendants even before the first defendants had filed
their defence (on 6 October 2000). When the first and third defendants filed
their defences, neither made any allegation against the second defendants.
Under such circumstances, the plaintiff should have discontinued these
proceedings against the second defendants. As for the evidence adduced at the
trial, the facts which emerged pertained to liability of the first and/or the
third defendants only.  
  
As for the late issuance of the MOM report, counsel pointed out that as the
accident took place on 2 September 1999, the claim would only have been time-
barred on 2 September 2002. Why were the plaintiff`s solicitors in such a
hurry to issue the writ of summons on 11 July 2000 instead of waiting for the
report? Even if they were anxious to issue the writ quickly, the plaintiff`s
solicitors need not have served it immediately on the second defendants. They
should have delayed service until **_after_** they had received the MOM report
and seen the defences filed by the first and third defendants. Had they done
so, they would/should not have pursued the claim against the second
defendants. Instead, counsel for the plaintiff vigorously cross-examined the
second defendants` witnesses (2) unlike him whilst counsel for the third
defendants did not cross-examine them at all. There were many stages where the
plaintiff could have discontinued the action against the second defendants -
after the writ/defences were filed, after the affidavits of evidence-in-chief
were exchanged, during the course of the trial. Since his solicitors chose to
continue the claim against the second defendants, it was only right that the
plaintiff should bear the consequential costs, not the other three (3)
defendants.  
  
Counsel for the first defendants cited two (2) cases in support of his
arguments. The first was **_Mohd bin Sapri v Soil-Build_** (supra), which I
have referred to earlier on the issue of liability. In that case, the
appellant/plaintiff had appealed against the dismissal of his claim against
the fourth defendant (Soil-Build) to the action; Soil-Build (`SB`) were the
main contractors in the construction of a warehouse which belonged to the
third defendants CMB Packaging Singapore; SB had employed Sprinkler
Engineering Pte Ltd (`SE`) as specialist sub-contractors for the installation
of a fire-fighting or sprinkler system for the warehouse. SE appealed against
the trial court`s finding that they were one-third ([frac13]) liable to the
plaintiff for his injuries and also on the issue of costs (on which the trial
judge had ordered SE to bear 50% of SB`s costs payable by the plaintiff for
the period after 16 November 1994, that being the date when SB had made to the
plaintiff a very generous offer to settle); SE had disclaimed any
responsibility whatsoever for the plaintiff`s injuries. On the issue of costs,
the appellate court said (at p 521):

> _The effect of SE`s denial of liability was not ineluctably to compel the
> plaintiff to sue SB. It was not as if SE, in defending the claim, was
> attempting to pin liability on SB. It is apparent from our perusal of SE`s
> defence that by its denial of liability, it was putting the blame on the
> plaintiff himself. There was no suggestion that SB should be the proper
> party to answer for the plaintiff`s injuries. These were important
> considerations which the Court of Appeal took into account in**Mulready** `s
> case in deciding that a `Bullock` order would not be appropriate._

> _If the plaintiff includes an additional defendant because of his
> uncertainty of the law rather than the facts, the court will not make either
> a `Bullock` or `Sanderson` order (**Poulton v Moore** [1913] WN 349) ..._

> _These observations are apposite in the present case. In any event, the
> plaintiff`s decision to sue SB has been questionable. The pleaded causes of
> action alleging SB`s liability qua employer and occupier were clearly
> unsustainable. As counsel for SE has pointed out, the plaintiff must have
> known that his own negligence caused the accident. The facts surrounding the
> accident were matters which were wholly within the plaintiff`s knowledge
> ..._

  
  
The second case counsel relied on was Chao J`s decision in **Virco Metal
Industries v Carltech Trading and Industries** [2000] 2 SLR 201 . In that
case, the plaintiffs who were tenants of two (2) units of an industrial
building sued the landlord Carltech (the first defendant) and Kee and Ah
Cheong as the second and third defendants respectively; Kee and Ah Cheong were
two (2) other tenants. The plaintiffs claimed for damage to their premises
arising from a fire which broke out near the entrance of Kee`s premises,
ignited by a defective power switch located there. The fire spread from Kee`s
premises to Ah Cheong`s premises. The plaintiffs claimed that Ah Cheong was
liable on the basis that the contents of Ah Cheong`s premises had aggravated
and increased the combustion, enhanced the heat and spread the fire. The
plaintiffs` claim against the first and second defendants was allowed but his
claim against Ah Cheong was dismissed. Chao J refused to make a **_Bullock_**
or **_Sanderson_** order for costs in the plaintiffs` favour. He said (at
[para ]55):

> _The plaintiffs` claim against the third defendant is dismissed with costs
> which shall be borne equally by the first and second plaintiffs. I do not
> think this is a case where I ought to make a `Bullock` or `Sanderson` order.
> The facts do not warrant the bringing in of Ah Cheong as a party, and,
> especially, for continuing with the action against Ah Cheong after the
> plaintiffs were in possession of the report of Capt Lee [from the Singapore
> Civil Defence Force]. Neither Carltech nor Kee sought in their pleadings to
> shift any part of the liability for the damages suffered by Virco and GJ
> [the plaintiffs] onto Ah Cheong._

  
  
Counsel for the second and third defendants aligned themselves with the
submission of counsel for the first defendants. Mr Yu for the second
defendants said if the plaintiff had offered to discontinue this action
against his clients before trial commenced, the second defendants would have
agreed, with minimum costs to the plaintiff. Mr Fazal Mohd for the third
defendants expressed similar sentiments, pointing out that his clients never
blamed the second defendants, they only alleged negligence on the part of the
first and fourth defendants. He noted that even after trial concluded (5 May
2001), the plaintiff, in his counsel`s final submissions (see para 3 pp 52-62)
still maintained that the second defendants were liable.  
  
In his reply to the defendants` submissions, counsel for the plaintiff
defended his client`s decision to sue the second defendants and to pursue that
claim to its finality. He pointed out that the fact the first and third
defendants did not shift blame onto the second defendants should not be
conclusive as the first defendants also did not shift liability onto the third
defendants who were ultimately found to be liable. He explained that the
plaintiff was in need of urgent funds for medical and hospitalisation expenses
and, the only way to obtain funding was to issue the writ quickly and
thereafter, apply to court for interim payment (under O 29 r 10 of the Rules
of Court) and which was done and granted, the amount being contributed by the
first, third and fourth defendants. Counsel further sought to distinguish the
case of **_Mohd bin Sapri_** (supra) on its facts. Unlike the plaintiff in
that case, the plaintiff here was not in full possession of the facts
surrounding the accident. If indeed the pleadings were to be the yardstick for
his continuing proceedings against the various defendants, the plaintiff would
have had to discontinue action against the third defendants since no one
(including the MOM) blamed the third defendants, yet they were held to be
liable. I note, however, that this submission is not quite correct; as was
pointed out by counsel for the first defendants, the fourth defendants did
attempt to shift blame onto the third defendants in their defence (para 5)
filed on 13 October 2000.  
  
**_The decision_**

****

Having heard counsel`s further submissions on behalf of the plaintiff and
three (3) of the four (4) defendants, I am not inclined to change my original
order for costs. Accordingly, I confirm my earlier decision not to grant the
plaintiff either a **_Sanderson_** or **_Bullock_** order for costs; the facts
do not warrant either order being made.  
  
Whilst the submission of counsel for the plaintiff was persuasive, in
particular that the plaintiff was not in full possession of the
circumstances/facts surrounding the accident and a suit had to be issued
quickly and interim payment then applied for, to ease the plaintiff`s
financial hardships, there are other factors which negate these consideration.
I refer in particular to the Rules of Court governing conduct of trials; they
have changed dramatically since the 1914 case of **_Besterman v British Motor
Cab Co_** (supra). We now have O 38 r 2(1) under our Rules of Court, it
introduced the concept of written evidence-in-chief for all witnesses (save
for those subpoenaed).  
  
Even if the plaintiff can be excused for his earlier acts, first in
instituting proceedings so quickly against the second defendants and, his
later omission in not discontinuing those proceedings up to the stage of close
of pleadings (despite the absence of any blame levelled against the second
defendants by any of the other defendants), his omission thereafter to
discontinue the action against the second defendants cannot be overlooked. I
note that the affidavits of evidence-in-chief were exchanged on 29 January
2001 whereas trial before me only commenced a week later (on 5 February 2001).
There was ample opportunity for the plaintiff`s solicitors to review the
written testimony of Sik Hing (2DW1), the managing director of the second
defendants, filed on 11 January 2001 and to decide whether it was feasible to
pursue the plaintiff`s claim. The extracts from the cases **_Mohd bin Sapri_**
and **_Virco Metal Industries_** set out in [para ]110-111 above would aptly
apply to the plaintiff. Having chosen to continue his action to the bitter end
against the second defendants (against whom no order for interim payment was
made), I do not think it is fair that the other defendants should be mulcted
in costs for the plaintiff`s unsuccessful action. Accordingly, my previous
order for costs stands.  
  
In the course of the trial, counsel for the first and second third parties
informed me that they had resolved the issue of apportionment of liability
between themselves amicably. I have now been informed that the two third
parties will share liability on 50:50 basis and I record the consent order
accordingly. As between the three (3) defendants, I confirm that the first,
third and fourth defendants will each be liable for one-third ([frac13]) of
the damages to be assessed in favour of the plaintiff.  
  
**Outcome:**

Order accordingly.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Aug 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

