Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tom-Reck Security Services Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGHC 32

Case Number | : | MA 141/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 February 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kenneth Tan SC and Joseph Tan (Kenneth Tan Partnership) and VG Sambandan (Sambandan & Co) for the appellant; Hee Mee Lin (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tom-Reck Security Services Pte Ltd — Public Prosecutor   
  
Immigration – Employment – Illegal immigrant – Mens rea – Whether requisite
mens rea established – s 57(1)(e) Immigration Act (Cap 133)  
  

: This was an appeal by Tom-Reck Security Services Pte Ltd (`Tom-Reck`), a
company incorporated in Singapore, against a conviction in the magistrates`
court for the offence of employing a person who had entered Singapore in
breach of s 6(1) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133). After hearing arguments
presented by Tom-Reck`s counsel, Mr Kenneth Tan SC and the Deputy Public
Prosecutor, I allowed the appeal. I now give my grounds.  
  
At all material times, Tom-Reck conducted itself in the business of providing
security services, which it is licensed to provide under s 6 of the Private
Investigation and Security Agencies Act (Cap 249). To provide these services,
Tom-Reck would recruit persons as security guards and assign them to work at
its clients` premises. In June 1998 Tom-Reck employed as a security guard an
individual who identified himself as a Singapore citizen named Rajakumaran s/o
Samasundaram. This individual was deployed to work at the premises of one of
Tom-Reck`s clients, Hong Guan Technologies (S) Pte Ltd, at 39 Joo Koon Circle,
Singapore.  
  
As it turned out, the individual claiming to be `Rajakumaran` was in fact an
Indian national, Muthusamy Kennedy, who had entered Singapore illegally by
hiding in a lorry. Kennedy had assumed Rajakumaran`s identity and was able to
perpetuate the fraud by using Rajakumaran`s Singapore NRIC card and a forged
Apple Computer company employee pass bearing his photograph. As a consequence
of an enforcement raid carried out at 39 Joo Koon Circle on 29 January 1999,
Kennedy was arrested and charged with illegal entry into Singapore under s
6(1) of the Immigration Act, and of possessing a Singapore identity card
without lawful authority under s 13(2)(b) of the National Registration Act
(Cap 201). He pleaded guilty to these charges and was sentenced to four weeks`
imprisonment and four strokes of the cane on the first charge and three
months` imprisonment on the second charge, with both custodial sentences to
run concurrently.  
  
Subsequent to Kennedy`s conviction, Tom-Reck was charged with committing an
offence under s 57(1)(e) of the Immigration Act which provides that:

> _
>
> 57(1) Any person who -
>
> _

> _..._

> _employs any person who has acted in contravention of section 6, 15 or 36 or
> the regulations;_

> _..._

> _shall be guilty of an offence._

  
  
Section 57(2A) in turn provides that where such an offence is committed by a
body corporate, the penalty imposed shall be a fine in lieu of caning or
imprisonment, for which the minimum and maximum fines are $100,000 and
$200,000. Tom-Reck was convicted after trial and sentenced by the magistrate
to a fine of $120,000.  
  
**_Elements constituting the offence_**

****

In order for an accused person to be convicted under s 57(1)(e), it is
necessary for the prosecution to establish three elements. First, it must
demonstrate an employer-employee relationship between the accused and a
subject individual. Second, it must establish that the subject individual has
acted in contravention of ss 6, 15 and 36 or the regulations made under the
Immigration Act. Third, although it is not expressed within the statutory
wording of the offence, the prosecution must show that the accused person
possessed the requisite mens rea for the offence, ie actual or constructive
knowledge that the subject individual had acted in contravention of those
provisions. That the requirement of mens rea is inherent in the scheme of the
Act was confirmed by the High Court in **Naranjan Singh s/o Ujagar Singh v
PP** [1993] 1 CLAS News 237. It was established in that case that constructive
knowledge will be attributed to an employer where he has willfully shut his
eyes to the legality of the subject individual`s presence in Singapore. Mere
negligence or recklessness is not a defence. However, the prosecution does not
have to prove knowledge (whether actual or constructive) where the facts are
such that knowledge is presumed under s 57(6), (7) or (8).  
  
In the court below, the first and second elements were established as common
ground. The trial therefore turned on the third element, knowledge.  
  
**_Facts_**

****

In the magistrate`s view, whether or not Tom-Reck possessed the necessary mens
rea to justify a conviction turned on her appraisal of two conflicting
accounts of the circumstances under which Kennedy came to be employed.  
  
**_Prosecution`s version_**

****

According to Kennedy, after entering Singapore illegally, he approached an
agent, named Segar, to help him find work. He agreed to pay Segar RM500 for
his help and for a Singapore identity card. In Kennedy`s presence, Segar then
telephoned Michael Tan Han Sing, an employee of Tom-Reck, and told him that
there was an Indian national who wanted a job, and that he (Segar) had given
him (Kennedy) an identity card. Kennedy then spoke to Michael Tan on the
phone. Subsequently, Kennedy reported to Michael Tan at Tom-Reck`s premises.
Michael asked to see the identity card, which he examined and commented on,
comparing the photograph to Kennedy, that it was `not right`. However, he told
Kennedy not to worry about it and that he would adjust it. Kennedy also showed
Michael the Apple Computer pass bearing his photograph. Michael then gave
Kennedy a form to complete, and instructed him to use the particulars found on
the identity card supplied by Segar. Michael then told Kennedy that he would
be paid $900 a month. He took a photograph of Kennedy and brought him to the
premises of Hong Guan Technologies, where he was briefed on his duties by
another Indian security guard, Prabhakaran, who was already employed there. As
it turned out, Prabhakaran was also an illegal immigrant, and was subsequently
arrested and charged. According to Kennedy, he contacted Michael to express
concern. Michael reassured him that he would be safe as raids were only
conducted during the day and Kennedy was working the night shift.
Subsequently, however, owing to a labour shortage, Michael assigned Kennedy to
work the day shift as well. It was during one such shift that Kennedy was
arrested.  
  
**_Defence`s version_**

****

According to Tom-Reck, Michael Tan had no actual or constructive knowledge
that Kennedy was in fact an illegal immigrant. On the contrary, its evidence
was that Kennedy had of his own accord attended Tom-Reck`s offices seeking
employment, and that he had been processed through a standard recruiting
procedure. The employees who participated in this procedure gave evidence in
the court below to support Tom-Reck`s case.  
  
Angela Tan Gek Eng, a clerk employed by Tom-Reck, gave evidence that it was
she who first dealt with Kennedy. She questioned him on the particulars in the
identity card, made a photocopy of it and gave him a job application form to
complete. An important, but separate, part of the recruiting process related
to the statutory requirement under s 14 of the Private Investigation and
Security Agencies Act that no person shall be employed by a licensee (in this
case, Tom-Reck) as a security guard until he has submitted to the licensing
officer (defined in s 4 of the Act) a statement containing his personal
particulars in the prescribed form. To comply with this requirement, Angela
Tan took Kennedy`s photograph, which she used to prepare the statutory form
(Form D) for submission to the licensing officer. The job application form and
Form D were tendered in evidence to support Angela Tan`s testimony.  
  
She then handed over the application form and photocopy of the identity card
to Eric Goh, an Operations Executive employed by Tom-Reck, who gave evidence
that he conducted a brief interview and offered Kennedy a salary of $900 a
month. It was only at this point that Kennedy was handed over to Michael Tan,
an Assistant Operations Executive, whose evidence was that he conducted a
further interview and decided to assign Kennedy to work at the premises of
Hong Guan Technologies.  
  
**_Magistrate`s findings on question of knowledge_**

****

Faced with these conflicting versions of the events that transpired, the
magistrate elected to believe the prosecution`s evidence. She rejected the
oral and documentary evidence that Kennedy had been subjected to the standard
recruiting process, and found that Kennedy`s employment at Tom-Reck was the
direct consequence of Michael Tan agreeing, upon Segar`s request, to employ an
illegal immigrant. Holding that, through Michael Tan, Tom-Reck possessed
actual knowledge of Kennedy`s status as an immigration offender, she found
that the prosecution had established the elements of an offence under s
57(1)(e) of the Immigration Act and accordingly ordered a conviction and
imposed the aforementioned fine of $120,000.  
  
**_The appeal_**

****

Tom-Reck`s appeal proceeded on two grounds. The first ground attacked the
magistrate`s finding that Michael Tan had actual knowledge that Kennedy was in
fact an immigration offender. The second ground was based on a question of
law, namely, whether, on the assumption that the magistrate was correct to
believe Kennedy`s evidence, Michael Tan`s knowledge could be attributed to
Tom-Reck under the legal doctrine governing the criminal liability of
corporate entities. I propose to deal with the questions in reverse order.  
  
**_Question of law: whether Michael Tan`s knowledge could be attributed to
Tom-Reck_**

****

Proceeding first on the basis that the magistrate did not err in finding that
Michael Tan had actual knowledge that Kennedy was an immigration offender, it
was still necessary, to warrant a conviction, that Michael Tan`s knowledge be
imputed to Tom-Reck. The question in what circumstances an employee`s
knowledge can be attributed to a corporation is not novel and has been
considered both in England and Singapore. In **John Henshall (Quarries) Ltd v
Harvey** [1965] 2 QB 233[1965] 1 All ER 725, QBD, the company was charged with
aiding and abetting one H in operating a motor vehicle in excess of the
permitted weight limits. The company owned a quarry and operated a weighbridge
to weigh laden vehicles. The weighbridge operator by oversight permitted H, an
independent contractor, to drive off even though his load was in excess of
legal limits. In allowing the company`s appeal against conviction, Lord Parker
CJ expressed the view (at [1965] 2 QB 233, 241; [1965] 1 All ER 725, 729)
that:

> _there is fundamentally no difference between a master who is an individual
> and a master who is a limited company, save that in the case of a limited
> company their knowledge must be the knowledge of those whom, in the case
> of**HL Bolton (Engineering) Co Ltd v TJ Graham & Sons, Ltd** [1956] 3 All ER
> 624, Denning LJ referred to as the brains of the company. There is no doubt
> that there are many cases where somebody who is in the position of the
> brains - maybe a director, the managing director, the secretary or a
> responsible officer of the company - has knowledge, his knowledge has been
> held to be the knowledge of the company. It seems to me that that is a long
> way away from saying that a company is fixed with the knowledge of any
> servant. Again, to adopt the simile of Denning LJ the knowledge of the hands
> as opposed to the brain, is not imputed to the company merely because it is
> the servant`s duty to perform that particular task._

  
  
Both **_John Henshall_** and **HL Bolton (Engineering) Co Ltd v TJ Graham &
Sons, Ltd** [1957] 1 QB 159[1956] 3 All ER 624 were referred to by the House
of Lords in their decision in **Tesco Supermarkets v Nattrass** [1972] AC
153[1971] 2 All ER 127. Here, the company operated supermarkets and had been
charged with an offence under the UK Trade Descriptions Act 1968 for leading a
customer to believe that an item was being offered at a price lower than it
actually was on sale for. This was due to an error by a stock assistant, who
had placed the higher priced item under the sign advertising the lower priced
item when the lower priced item had run out of stock. The shop manager failed
to apprehend the situation. On the question of the criminal liability of a
corporate entity, and specifically whether the employee`s acts could be
attributed to the company, Lord Reid expressed the view that:

> _A living person has a mind which can have knowledge or intention or be
> negligent and he has hands to carry out his intentions. A corporation has
> none of these; it must act through living persons, though not always one or
> the same person. Then the person who acts is not speaking or acting for the
> company. He is acting as the company and his mind which directs his acts is
> the mind of the company. There is no question of the company being
> vicariously liable. He is not acting as a servant, representative, agent or
> delegate. He is an**embodiment of the company** or, one could say, he hears
> and speaks through the persona of the company, within his appropriate
> sphere, and his mind is the mind of the company. If it is a guilty mind then
> that guilt is the guilt of the company. **It must be a question of law
> whether, once the facts have been ascertained, a person in doing particular
> things is to be regarded as the company or merely as the company`s servant
> or agent. In that case any liability of the company can only be a statutory
> or vicarious liability**. [Emphasis added.]_

  
  
In so holding, the House of Lords rejected the reasoning adopted by the court
below. The Divisional Court had advanced what Lord Reid referred to as a
`theory of delegation` in order to justify the conviction. The Divisional
Court reasoned that the managing directors had delegated their
responsibilities to the shop managers who had failed in their duty, and that
the actions of the shop managers were therefore attributable to the managing
directors, and ergo, the company. In other words, where there is a proper
delegation of duties and responsibilities by the managing directors to its
subordinates, there exists, whether the behaviour of the subordinates is
lawful or unlawful, a corresponding chain of imputed action and knowledge
leading from those subordinates back up to the managing directors, and ergo,
the company. In allowing the appeal, their Lordships expressed preference for
a contrary approach. They held that the managing directors had established a
system of control, and a departure from the general directions of the system
was not a failing attributable to them. The appellants had, by establishing a
system of control, qualified to raise the statutory defence of due diligence.  
  
Thus, according to the reasoning advanced by Lord Reid in **_Tesco_** , for a
company to be liable by statutory prescription the person with the guilty
knowledge or who performed the guilty acts must be regarded as `the company`.
In such a case the liability is not vicarious, but primary, since the person
in question is `an embodiment of the company`. In those instances, the company
is liable whether the person who is the `embodiment of the company` acted
within the scope of his authority or not. His transgressions are the company`s
transgressions. Conversely, where a person is not regarded as `the company`
but merely `as the company`s servant` then the company can only be liable if
his acts are within the scope of a function of management properly delegated
to him. If, as in **_Tesco_** , the servant acts beyond the scope of his
delegated function, there is no vicarious liability. See also **P & O European
Ferries (Dover ) Ltd** [1991] 93 Cr App R 72.  
  
The position is the same in Singapore law. This passage from Lord Reid`s
judgment was applied by Chan Seng Onn JC in **RHB-Cathay Securities Pte Ltd v
Ibrahim Khan and other actions** [1999] 3 SLR 464 . In **_RHB-Securities_** ,
counsel had submitted that the company was guilty of a criminal offence
because its agent was so guilty. The learned judicial commissioner held that
the acts were not attributable to the company because the agent was a mere
dealer`s representative and could not be the embodiment of the company. On a
similar point, but without reference to **_Tesco_** , it was held in **Trade
Facilities Pte Ltd & Ors v PP** [1995] 2 SLR 475  that where `[t]he acts and
intentions of a companys managers can be attributed to that of the company`,
the company can be liable to criminal prosecution.  
  
Applying the principles established in the aforesaid decisions to the appeal
before me, it was clear that Tom-Reck`s conviction could only be affirmed if
Michael Tan could be considered the `living embodiment of the company` or if
his acts were performed as part of a delegated function of management. I was
of the view that neither situation was made out on the facts accepted by the
magistrate in the court below.  
  
First, there was very little evidence to support the proposition that Michael
Tan was the `living embodiment of the company`. It was submitted by the Deputy
Public Prosecutor that Michael Tan`s acts must be attributed to the company
because he was given authority to participate in the hiring process and to pay
salaries. However, this abbreviated scope of authority fell far short of
constituting Michael Tan as the `living embodiment of the company`. On the
contrary, he was a new hiring. The evidence accepted by the magistrate was
that he had joined Tom-Reck about a month before the incident in question. He
was placed relatively low in the chain of command, as an Assistant Operations
Executive, and was still under probation at the time Kennedy was employed.
Consequently, he was a mere servant or agent of the company, which leads to
the second line of inquiry: whether his acts were within the scope of a
properly delegated function of management.  
  
On that question it is clear that Tom-Reck`s management did not delegate
responsibility for investigating the immigration status of job applicants to
its servants (specifically Michael Tan) **_per se_**. The responsibility was
delegated to a system designed to ensure statutory compliance with the Private
Investigations and Security Agencies Act. The need for a system was obvious:
the magistrate had found that the appellants were processing as many as 50 job
applications a day. If, as the magistrate found, Michael Tan opted to
circumvent an established system, had colluded with Kennedy and a third party,
Segar, to procure Kennedy`s employment through the use of a Singapore identity
card belonging to someone else, then he clearly was acting beyond the scope of
his authority and was not performing a `delegated function of management`. His
failure to comply with the system did not implicate management unless the
system was ineffective, which was not the prosecution`s case.  
  
Lastly, there was no evidence to suggest that Michael Tan`s knowledge could be
imputed to any officer in a position of management authority. The magistrate
accepted that Chua Sui Phong, the appellant`s managing director, had no
personal knowledge of Kennedy`s employment.  
  
In the absence of any basis on which Michael Tan`s knowledge could be
attributed to Tom-Reck, I was of the view that they were entitled to an
acquittal and ordered so accordingly. This is sufficient to dispose of the
appeal. However, since it may be relevant to the question of Michael Tan`s
personal criminal liability under the Immigration Act, or potential civil
liability between himself and the company, I think it is proper to set out my
views on the magistrates` findings of fact.  
  
**_Questions of fact: state of Michael Tan`s knowledge_**

****

Mr Kenneth Tan submitted that the magistrate`s finding on the question of
Michael Tan`s knowledge was against the weight of the evidence. Mr Tan
advanced the following arguments in support of his contention that Kennedy`s
evidence was `improbable, if not incredible`:

(a) It was improbable that Michael Tan, who had only come into Tom-Reck`s
employ one month prior to Kennedy`s job application, and who was still under
probation (i) would deliberately bypass Tom-Reck`s standard recruiting
procedures and (ii) collude with Segar to equip Kennedy with a Singapore
identity card and to misrepresent his identity to his employer and the
licensing officer, thereby putting his job at risk.

(b) It was improbable that Michael Tan would have taken such action and
exposed himself to criminal and civil liability without any benefit to
himself. The magistrate had found that Michael Tan had gained nothing in this
process.

(c) It was improbable, if Michael Tan had indeed acted entirely on his own and
beyond the scope of his authority, that Angela Tan and Eric Goh would have
given evidence to support his version of events when it would have been far
more convenient to them and Tom-Reck to disavow themselves of any association
with Michael Tan`s illicit activities. In any event, the documentary evidence
suggested that the recruiting procedure had been complied with.

(d) It was improbable, if Michael Tan in fact knew that Kennedy was an
immigration offender, that he would insist on Kennedy assuming responsibility
for the day shift at 39 Joo Koon Circle when Prabhakaran had shortly before
been arrested for an identical offence at the very same place.

(e) It was improbable that Michael Tan would have agreed to pay Kennedy a wage
of $900, which was the standard rate paid to a Singaporean security guard, to
secure the services (and attendant risks) of an illegal immigrant,
particularly at a time when the job market was poor, citing the dicta of Yong
Pung How CJ in **Kuek Ah Lek v PP** [1995] 3 SLR 252 , 260 that `It was
inconceivable that the appellant would take the risk of engaging an illegal
worker and pay him the market rate for a legal one.`  
  
In considering these arguments, it was necessary to bear in mind that
predominantly all the evidence given at trial was oral in nature, and that the
judge`s observation of the witness`s demeanour ought to be accorded paramount
importance. Weighing against this was the consideration that there was no
objectively independent evidence. The prosecution`s main witness, Kennedy, had
reason to lie because by asserting that he acted in collusion with Michael Tan
to deceive Tom-Reck, he deflected (albeit with only partial success) exposure
to a charge of cheating or civil liability for fraud. Similarly, the defence
witnesses were employed by Tom-Reck both at the material time and at the time
of the trial, though this concern was to some extent addressed by the argument
that there was no good reason why the witnesses should collude to protect
Michael Tan, who was, after all, a new employee under probation. One important
witness who could have shed light on the case was Segar, who would have been
able to confirm or deny Kennedy`s allegation of collusion between himself and
Michael Tan. However, the prosecution was unable to establish his identity or
to locate him.  
  
On 7 November 2000, Tom-Reck filed an application by way of CM 19/2000 to
adduce fresh evidence in support of its case. What had transpired was that on
30 October 2000, subsequent to Tom-Reck`s conviction in the magistrates`
court, Kennedy, who had served his prison sentence and been released from
jail, telephoned Tom-Reck`s managing director, Chua Sui Phong, and offered to
disappear from Singapore, so that he would not be able to assist in further
proceedings against Tom-Reck, specifically, the appeal fixed on 7 November
2000, in exchange for $30,000. Chua agreed to do so, but first reported the
matter to the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (CPIB). On 2 November
2000, Chua met Kennedy at the Burger King restaurant at the Concourse,
Singapore, where he handed a cash cheque for that amount to Kennedy. Kennedy
was thereupon arrested by CPIB officers lying in wait. On 4 November 2000,
Kennedy pleaded guilty to a charge under s 5 of the Prevention of Corruption
Act and was sentenced to six months` imprisonment. Tom-Reck sought to adduce
evidence of these events to undermine Kennedy`s credibility as the
prosecution`s key witness. I allowed the criminal motion, applying the
principles set out in the English Court of Appeal`s decision in **Ladd v
Marshall** [1954] 3 All ER 745 and adopted by the Singapore High Court in
**Juma`at bin Samad v PP** [1993] 3 SLR 338 . See also **Tan Sai Siang v PP**
[2000] 2 SLR 399 . It was submitted on behalf of the prosecution that, even if
the evidence satisfied these requirements, it was inadmissible hearsay. I did
not agree with that contention: the statements made by Kennedy to Chua were
not adduced to prove the truth of what Kennedy had said, but as statements of
Kennedy`s intention, and went directly to the question of his credibility as a
witness.  
  
Since the prosecution was not entitled to rely on the presumption under s
57(8), Tom-Reck only had to establish reasonable doubt on the issue of mens
rea in order to justify an acquittal. In view of the arguments presented by Mr
Kenneth Tan, and the fact that the magistrate rested her decision entirely on
the evidence of a witness whose credibility had been tarnished in light of the
events transpiring just before the original hearing date of the appeal, I took
the view that Tom-Reck was equally entitled to an acquittal on the grounds
that Michael Tan lacked the necessary mens rea for the offence.  
  
I therefore ordered that the conviction be reversed and the fine of $120,000,
which had already been paid, be refunded to Tom-Reck.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal allowed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Feb 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

