Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Solaiyan Arumugam  
[2001] SGHC 82

Case Number | : | CC No 23 of 2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 April 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  David Chew and Glenn Seah [Attorney-General's Chambers] for prosection; S S Dhillon and Lim Swee Tee [Dhillon Dendroff & Partners] for the first accused; Amolat Singh [Amolat & Partners] and Kertar Singh [Kertar & Co] for the second accused   
Parties | : | —  
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Decision**

1\. The accused is a 26-year old Indian national who worked as a driver for a
commercial company in Singapore. He has been here from 1995 or so. He was
charged with the rape and molest of a 58-year old complainant. He was not
represented by counsel at trial, having discharged the two counsel assigned to
him by the Criminal Legal Aid Scheme. They had represented him up to the end
of the Preliminary Inquiry. The evidence against him was mainly from the
complainant herself. She works as a cleaner by day and from 7pm to about 9pm
or 10pm she would help at her husbands food-stall. She usually uses a footpath
alongside the Bendemeer Secondary School to get to and from her husbands food-
stall at Whampoa. She lives with her husband and 30-year old son at St Georges
Avenue. Her 28-year old married daughter lives elsewhere.

2\. On 31 July 2000 the complainant left her husbands food-stall early to get
some health products from a shop at Balestier Road. She left the shop near to
closing time at 10pm. She alighted from the bus she was travelling in and
walked across an overhead bridge coming down at the footpath that she uses to
go home. The footpath was between the Bendemeer Secondary School and a row of
trees and shrubs. These can be seen from the photographs of the scene tendered
by the prosecution. She testified that she saw the accused at the overhead
bridge on the (footpaths side) plucking leaves as she walked by. After she had
passed him she was shortly attacked from behind. A man grabbed her round the
neck and cupped his other hand over her mouth. She was dragged into the nearby
bushes where he pulled her pants down and raped her. In the course of this
attack he also pressed her breast. That was the subject of the second charge
against the accused in this trial before me.

3\. The complainant managed to say a few words in Malay to the assailant. She
pleaded, "Tolong! Tolong!", but the attacker just said "Buka" and "Diam".
After the rape he said to her, "Shiok, Shiok" and then "Aunty, sorry", and
helped her find her shoes. After that he calmly walked off along the footpath
in a slow and deliberate manner. The complainant said that because of that and
the light from the lamp-posts along the footpath she could see his face
clearly although it was a side profile. She was certain that she could see his
eyes, nose and face. She described him as fairly dark-skinned with no beard or
moustache; and that he was wearing a dark pair of pants and dark shirt.

4\. The complainant then went home but was afraid to tell anyone what had
happened. However, at midnight she telephoned her daughter and told her that
she had lost her pager. The manner and cryptic nature of the call aroused her
daughters suspicion and after further enquiry, she told her daughter that she
had been molested. The daughter was subsequently told the full story and it
was she who made the police report which resulted in the police rape
investigation squad going by the complainants home to begin their
investigation. The complainant had in the meantime, soaked all the clothing
she had worn on the evening of 31 July 2000. Consequently, Mdm Renuka
Sornarajah from the Department of Scientific Services reported that she was
unable to lift any trace of semen or blood from them. She testified that it is
possible that soaking the clothing in water may remove any trace of those
matter.

5\. On 16 November 2000 she attended an identification parade held by the
police. There were nine Indians in the line up. She identified the accused as
the person who assaulted and raped her on 31 July 2000. The accused challenged
this evidence as vigorously as he challenged her testimony that she saw his
face after the rape. He stated that at the time of the identification parade
he was sporting a beard and moustache just as he has at the trial. Therefore,
he questioned the complainants testimony that her assailant was clean-shaven
on the night of the attack. The complainant said that the beard and moustache
could have been worn after the incident; but she was steadfast in her
identification of the accused. From my own observation of the accused at trial
I am of the view that the beard and moustache of the accused were very thin
and hardly concealed his face.

6\. I called upon the defence and the accused elected to testify. He had no
other witness other than himself. His testimony was very short and consisted
of a denial that he was at the scene of the crime. He offered no evidence as
to where he was at the material time. The prosecutor applied to introduce the
cautioned statement of the accused to impeach his testimony. The statement was
recorded on 8 December 2000. The accused challenged the use of the statement
and an inquiry was therefore commenced to ascertain the voluntariness of that
statement. It appears that more than one statement had been recorded from the
accused although the prosecution sought to introduce only the cautioned
statement in respect of the second charge. The accused was clearly confused in
respect of the circumstances of the recording of his statements. Some of his
assertions appear to be out of place. When the CIDs Tamil interpreter, Miss
Jeyaletchumi gave evidence, even she appeared to me to be unsure as to which
interviews some of the statements referred to by the accused were made. In
such a case, I think that the prosecution was at least bound to set out the
evidence clearly as to how many statements were recorded and the dates when
those statements were taken. If there were some threat inducement or promise
which might have occurred in a previous statement recorded shortly before the
one in question, the accused might be entitled to the benefit of doubt.
Furthermore, it appears that the recording officer had enlisted the assistance
of a man called Devarrajan, known as "Roy" to the accused to speak to the
accused in the presence of the recording officer. It is not entirely clear
what role this man, who is not a member of the CID, was supposed to play and
what exactly it was that he said. It was not disputed by the prosecution that
Roy was present in one if not more of the sessions when a statement was about
to be recorded from the accused. The accused alleged that Roy gave various
advice and made some representations to him concerning the matters in this
trial as well as other matters. Although Roy was clearly not a person in
authority, his presence and nebulous function must be clearly explained, and
they were not explained to my satisfaction. Consequently, I am not satisfied
that the cautioned statement was made voluntarily by the accused and ruled it
inadmissible.

7\. There was really only one issue at the trial, namely, whether there could
reasonably be a mistake on the part of the complainant in the identification
of the accused as the man who attacked her. The complainant identified the
accused from a parade of nine men about three and a half months after the
event, but was able to pick him out. She appeared to me to have no difficulty
in identifying him then or in court. Her testimony was lucid and sure. There
is no rule that an accused cannot be convicted on the uncorroborated testimony
of a single witness. It is only incumbent upon the court to satisfy itself
that the evidence of this solitary eye witness sufficiently identifies the
accused, and that nothing in his testimony or other extraneous evidence
indicates that there may a reasonable doubt as to the accuracy of the
identification. In this case, I am satisfied with the evidence of the
complainant. The accused was unable to raise any reasonable doubt in my mind
as to the case of the prosecution.

8\. Accordingly, I found the accused guilty as charged and convicted him on
both charges. In sentencing him, I had taken into account the fact that the
offence of molest was committed in the course of the rape. In the
circumstances, I am of the view that the sentence of imprisonment in respect
of the second charge should be served concurrently with that of the first. The
accused was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane in
respect the first charge and two years imprisonment and two strokes of the
cane in respect of the third charge.

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Apr 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

