Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Andre Ravindran S Arul v Tunku Ibrahim Ismail bin Sultan Iskandar Al-Haj  
[2001] SGHC 209

Case Number | : | Suit 224/2001, RA 136/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 August 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Raj Singam and Gopinath Pillai [Drew & Napier] for the appellant/defendant; Andre Arul [Arul Chew & Partners] for the respondent/plaintiff   
Parties | : |  Andre Ravindran S Arul — Tunku Ibrahim Ismail bin Sultan Iskandar Al-Haj   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

1\. This is an appeal by the defendant against the assistant registrar Mr.
Kwek Mean Luck’s refusal to stay proceedings on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_. The plaintiff commenced this action against the defendant for
unpaid fees. The plaintiff is presently an advocate and solicitor in
Singapore. The defendant is the eldest son of the Sultan of Johor. According
to his counsel Mr. Raj Singam, the defendant is a businessman and investor by
occupation.

2\. The plaintiff’s simple and straightforward claim is, however, embellished
in 230 paragraphs of a lengthy statement of claim 90 pages long. His claim is
that the defendant engaged him as a "legal and negotiating consultant" on the
basis of "S$1,600 a day or S$500 an hour (where only a few hours of work was
involved)". There is also a claim for US$60,000 being fees related to two
specific agreements alleged to be agreed at US$30,000 per agreement, as well
as costs of disbursements and incidentals.

3\. It is not in dispute that the plaintiff was engaged by the defendant to
advise and assist him in the defendant’s involvement in a large oil and gas
concession project in Indonesia, referred to loosely by the parties as the
"Petrogas Project". From the submission of his counsel, it appears (the
defence has not been filed) that the defendant is resisting the claim on two
principal grounds. First, that the plaintiff is not entitled by the proper law
of the contract - which the defendant says is Malaysian law – to recover
because the plaintiff was effectively working as an advocate and solicitor in
Malaysia without the requisite practising certificate. Secondly, the defendant
says that the terms of the contract were not "expressly discussed" and neither
the scope of work nor the rate of remuneration were agreed upon. The defendant
says that the plaintiff was not employed by him but by one of the Indonesian
parties.

4\. The plaintiff says that he was employed by the defendant from March 1995
to July 1996. He conceded that he had not taken out a practising certificate
to practise law in Singapore between the two dates. He also did not have a
practising certificate to practise law in Malaysia at all material times. The
defendant considers this to be a significant fact because it supports his
defence that the claim was unenforceable under Malaysian law. The plaintiff
does not agree that it is relevant. The fees claimed by the plaintiff are set
out in various bills prepared by him and given to the defendant.

5\. The defendant applied to stay the action under s 9 of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act, Ch 322, on the ground that there is a multiplicity of
proceedings in that the same matter is being tried here and in Malaysia where
the defendant had instituted an action to declare that the plaintiff’s claim
is unenforceable at law; and secondly, on the ground that Singapore is not the
appropriate forum for the proceedings to be tried. The burden of proof in an
application of this nature is on the defendant once it is shown - and in this
case it is not disputed - that this court has the jurisdiction to try the
action which has been properly instituted and served on the defendant.

6\. I shall first consider the point concerning a multiplicity of proceedings.
The most obvious cases of this sort are those in which a plaintiff commences
two or more actions against the same defendant based on the same or similar
causes of action in different jurisdictions. In such cases, it is often not
difficult to see where the hardship may lay, especially if the competing
jurisdictions are far apart. There are some cases where the plaintiff in one
jurisdiction is sued by the defendant in another jurisdiction over the same
facts but on a cross-claim. In such cases, it may not be easy to determine
where the more appropriate jurisdiction is, especially when the two claims are
genuine disputes and commenced in the respective jurisdictions in good faith.
In the present case before me, the defendant’s action in Malaysia is not a
cross claim. It is a claim for declaratory orders which, if the suit in
Singapore had not been brought, would have been considered to be a defensive
action brought in anticipation of a suit. Such actions are not always regarded
as necessary without good reasons otherwise. Hence, in the absence of other
factors, in a competition of claims, I would consider the action by the
plaintiff in Singapore to be the more substantive one and, objectively, if one
of the two actions has to be stayed it would be more reasonable for the
defendant to stay his action in Malaysia. However, in view of the other ground
(_forum non conveniens_) raised by him, it is now necessary for me to consider
whether the Malaysian court is the more appropriate forum to try the action.

7\. The principles governing the application of _forum non conveniens_
summarized by Lord Goff in _The Spiliada_ [1987] 1 AC 460, 476 begins with the
general enquiry as to whether there is a more appropriate forum for the trial
of the action. It is a reiteration of the words of Lord Diplock in the
previous case of _The Abidin Daver_ [1984] AC 398, 411 in which he said:

> "the plea can never be sustained unless the court is satisfied that there is
> some tribunal, having competent jurisdiction, in which the case may be tried
> more suitably for the interests of all the parties and for the ends of
> justice."

Mr. Singam submitted that in applying the principles set out in the _Abidin
Daver_ and the _Spiliada_ , principles accepted and adopted in the Court of
Appeal in _Oriental Insurance Co Ltd v Bhavani Stores Pte Ltd_[1998] 1 SLR
253, it will be obvious that the sum of connecting factors mount in favour of
the defendant. In summary, the factors in which he relies on in his submission
consist of the fact that the defendant is a Malaysian and resident there; most
of the witnesses are there; the documents are there; the agreement was
concluded there; it was also in Malaysia that the contract was performed; the
plaintiff’s office was there; the defendant’s assets are there; the applicable
law is Malaysian law; and the defendant has commenced proceedings in respect
of the same issues in Malaysia. Against this, counsel submitted, the only
connection with Singapore is the fact that the plaintiff is resident here and
that the defendant has a current account with a bank here. For the sake of
completeness, counsel conceded that there were factors connecting the contract
to Indonesia. First, the companies involved in the Petrogas Project are there;
secondly, the project itself was an Indonesian project; and thirdly, three of
the witnesses reside there.

8\. In finding the appropriate forum it will be necessary to take stock and
evaluate the list of connecting factors advanced by both sides; but ever
mindful of the spirit which encapsulates the words of Lord Diplock in the
_Abidin Daver_ : that the appropriate forum is the one "which the case may be
tried more suitably for the interests of all the parties and for the ends of
justice." By its very nature thus, the factors in each case must be evaluated
according to the circumstances of the case. The determination of the
appropriate forum is not an exercise carried out merely by adding the sum
total of all the relevant connecting factors. The court has to apportion a
value to each factor and consider its place in the overall picture.

9\. The present case is a claim for payment of invoices for consultancy work.
The issues appear to be, at best, first, a dispute as to whether an employment
contract was in fact created, and if so, under what terms. In this regard,
from the affidavits filed, it appears that the main witnesses to this are the
plaintiff and the defendant themselves, and the possibility that one Datuk
Hamzah’s evidence may be of some marginal relevance. Mr. Singam recited
passages from _Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc. v Haradi Angkosuboroto_
[1999] 2 SLR 427 and the _Oriental Insurance_ case to fortify his argument for
home ground advantage for the witnesses. All these witnesses are important in
so far as the project was concerned and are relevant, therefore, in the second
issue namely, whether the plaintiff’s invoices are justified by the work he
had done. The third issue that follows, concerns a question of law, namely
whether the plaintiff’s claim is unenforceable under Malaysian law. This issue
becomes relevant only after it is determined that Malaysian law applies or
that the place of performance was Malaysia. The issue as to what is the
applicable proper law is an issue to be determined by the forum. Therefore, in
that sense, it is an issue caught in an circuitous puzzle. A contract can be
lawfully made under the proper choice of law and yet be unenforceable at the
place of performance. Here we have a situation where the plaintiff argues that
the applicable law governing the contract of employment is Singapore law and
the defendant saying that it is Malaysian law. I see no reason why the
Singapore court cannot determine this issue. Whether the contract is
unenforceable in Malaysia is a separate issue. But it is not a difficult one.
I think that it is fair to say that the courts on either side of the Causeway
will not have much difficulty understanding or appreciating the law governing
contract and the practice of advocates and solicitors of each other’s
jurisdiction. Given the physical closeness of the two countries, and the
similarity in respect of the two relevant areas of law in this case, the
arguments by Mr. Singam concerning the inconvenience of witnesses are not
sufficiently persuasive. Mr. Singam pointed out that the foreign law issue
will be determined as an issue of fact and therefore, in that sense, affects
the defendant’s right of appeal. If the matter is tried in Malaysia, the issue
may be argued up to the highest Court of Appeal there as a matter of law, but
here it is constrained by it being classified as an issue of fact. I do not
think that this argument ought to be given much weight. Whether the
plaintiff’s contract with the defendant is enforceable under Malaysian law is
a matter of inference from the facts. Such matters are certainly justiciable
before the Court of Appeal. Furthermore, the fact that foreign law is involved
is not sufficient reason in itself to warrant a stay of proceedings, as is the
case in respect of each connecting factor in itself. Mr. Singam also submitted
that the documents and records are voluminous and inconvenient to bring to the
Singapore courts. I see little evidence that supports that argument. The
plaintiff has the burden of producing the documents necessary to justify his
claim. He has not said that he has any difficulty with that. The defendant, on
the other hand, has not shown what the voluminous documents are that the
plaintiff does not have which will be relevant to the issue of the contract.

10\. So, what we have is a case of a resident plaintiff suing a non-resident
defendant over an employment contract the terms of which are in dispute. The
witnesses are essentially the parties themselves, save for experts on
Malaysian law – should it become necessary to call them. In my view, the case
that Malaysia is more appropriate forum has not been adequately made out. In
these circumstances, the applicant must fail. When a claim has been properly
made the court must discharge its responsibilities that come with the
jurisdiction and not lightly surrender its jurisdiction. For the above
reasons, this appeal must fail, but I ought to deal with two additional
matters before I conclude because they were raised here and below.

11\. First, Mr. Singam referred me to a similar application by the defendant
in another suit in which the plaintiff was the abovesaid Datuk Hamzah. Mr.
Singam pointed out that the defendant there succeeded in obtaining a stay of
proceedings on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. There is little known
about that case before me as the plaintiff there has appealed to the Court of
Appeal and counsel informs me that the grounds of decision have not been
delivered. Both agree, however, that in that case, the plaintiff and defendant
are residents of Malaysia and the suit concerned the Petrogas Project in
Indonesia. That alone may be a sufficient ground for staying the proceedings
in Singapore, but as the matter is on appeal I do not think that we need to
dwell on it. As I have said, each case must be determined on its own facts.

12\. Finally, the assistant registrar is of the view that even if the case has
been made out that Malaysia is the more appropriate forum he would nonetheless
refuse the application for stay on the ground that the plaintiff will suffer a
personal and juridical disadvantage. This is because there are restrictions
under Malaysian law against a non-resident who intends on suing a ruler. There
is a reasonable possibility that the defendant may ascend the Sultan’s throne
in Johor and when that happens, the plaintiff may not be able to pursue his
civil claim against him. Mr. Singam submits that there is no evidence that
this will happen as a matter of course or before the plaintiff’s case can be
heard. The assistant registrar based his opinion on the case of _Faridah Begum
bte Abdullah v Sultan Haji Ahmad Shah Al Mustain Billah Ibni Almarhum Sultan
Abu Bakar Ri’Ayatuddin Al Mu’Adzaam Shah_ [1996] 1 MLJ 617. It is true that
issues in civil proceedings are decided on a balance of probabilities, but the
central question here is not the probability of the defendant ascending the
throne, but whether it is probable that if he should ascend the throne would
the plaintiff, on a balance of probabilities, suffer a juridical disadvantage?
What the plaintiff expresses here is a personal fear of that disadvantage. The
question therefore, is whether that fear was reasonably apprehended – not
whether it may probably come to pass. I am of the view that the assistant
registrar was right and I too, will not order a stay of the Singapore
proceedings for that reason as well.

13\. For the reasons above, I dismiss the appeal. I will hear arguments on
costs at a later date if parties are unable to agree on that between
themselves.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Aug 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

