Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Yeo Yoke Mui v Kong Hoo (Private) Ltd and Another  
[2001] SGHC 28

Case Number | : | Suit 1236/1997, RA 600001/01  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 February 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Salehah Johari (Salehah & Co) for the 1st defendant; Suhaimi Lazim with David Kong (Shook Lin & Bok) for the 2nd defendant   
Parties | : |  Yeo Yoke Mui â€” Kong Hoo (Private) Ltd; Ng Liang Poh   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**_Cur Adv Vult_**

1\. This registrars appeal arises out of an assessment of the damages that the
plaintiff, Ms Yeo, has to pay the first defendant, Kong Hoo (Private) Ltd
(KHPL), resulting from the repudiation by Ms Yeo of her contract to purchase
the house and premises at 93 Cashew Terrace, Singapore (the property) from
KHPL. The issue is whether such damages should be assessed as at the date of
the breach or the date of the trial.

**

Background

**

2\. On 11 March 1997, KHPL granted Ms Yeo an option to purchase the property
at the price of $1,960,000. Under the terms of the option, completion of the
sale and purchase was scheduled for 13 June 1997. On 2 May 1997, Ms Yeo
exercised the option. Three weeks later, she became aware that the property
was subject to road reserves that would affect her ability to extend the house
and, on 30 May 1997, she purported to rescind the sale and purchase on that
ground.

3\. KHPL did not accept the rescission of the sale and purchase agreement. On
17 June 1997, four days after the scheduled completion date, KHPL served a
notice on Ms Yeo requiring her to complete the purchase of the property within
21 days thereafter. Ms Yeo ignored this notice. Instead, she commenced this
action against, _inter alia_ , KHPL, seeking a declaration that she was
entitled to rescind the sale and purchase agreement and the return of the ten
percent deposit which she had paid KHPL. KHPL denied that there was such a
rescission and put in a counterclaim for specific performance of the agreement
or, alternatively, damages.

4\. In late July 1997, some time after the counterclaim had been filed, KHPL
instructed a property agent to market and sell the property. Advertisements
for the sale of the property appeared in the newspapers between August and
October 1997. Enquiries were made and the property was shown to a few
prospective purchasers but no sale contract materialised.

5\. The trial took place in August 1998. During the course of the trial, KHPL
abandoned their claim for specific performance and elected to pursue their
claim for damages instead. In November 1998, the trial judge dismissed Ms Yeos
claim against KHPL, gave judgment in favour of KHPL on the counterclaim and
ordered that there be an assessment of the damages to be paid to KHPL. It
should also be noted that there was a second defendant in the case, the
solicitor, Mr Ng, who had originally advised Ms Yeo on the purchase. At first
instance Ms Yeo was not successful in her claim against the solicitor but she
succeeded on appeal. The practical result was that any damages ordered to be
paid by Ms Yeo to KHPL would actually be borne by Mr Ng.

**

The assessment

**

6\. The main legal issue canvassed during the assessment was whether the date
at which the damages sustained by KHPL should be assessed was the date of the
breach of contract ie 13 June 1997 when Ms Yeo failed to complete the purchase
or whether it was the date at which KHPL elected to pursue their remedy in
damages instead of insisting on specific performance ie August 1998\. The
Assistant Registrar held that by instructing the property agent to market and
sell the property in July 1997, KHPL had clearly elected to accept Ms Yeos
repudiation of the agreement and indicated their intention not to pursue the
remedy of specific performance. She concluded that it was therefore
appropriate to assess damages as at the date of the breach.

7\. On the evidence before her, the Assistant Registrar found that the value
of the property as at 30 June 1997 had been $1.8 million. The difference
between that value and the contract price of $1.96 million was $160,000 and
the Assistant Registrar awarded KHPL that sum as damages for breach of
contract. In addition, she held that they were entitled to the estimated costs
of a resale on 13 June 1997 and awarded them the sum of $25,000 under this
head. She further held that the total amount of damages awarded to KHPL of
$185,000 should be set off against the deposit of $196,000 which had been
received by KHPL pursuant to the terms of the option. Since the deposit
exceeded the damages, she concluded that KHPL had only recovered nominal
damages. As a result, an order for costs was made against KHPL.

8\. KHPL has appealed against the above findings and orders.

**

The law

**

9\. The law relating to an award of damages in lieu of an order for specific
performance of a contract for the sale and purchase of land has been canvassed
fairly frequently before the courts of Singapore. The most recent reported
decision, and one that contains an excellent analysis of the legal position,
is that of _Ho Kian Siang v Ong Cheng Hoo_[2000] 4 SLR 376. There, Lee Seiu
Kin JC, considered the leading authority of _Johnson v Agnew_[1980] AC 367, as
well as the following local cases: _Indian Overseas Bank v Cheng Lai
Geok_[1992] 2 SLR 38, _Meng Leong Development v Jip Hong Trading Co_
[1984-1985] SLR 27 and _Tay Joo Sing v Ku Yu Sang_[1994] 3 SLR 719.

10\. Having set out the five propositions of law put forward by Lord
Wilberforce in _Johnson v Agnew_ , Lee JC noted:

> From these propositions it can be seen that, in respect of contracts capable
> of specific performance, the law does not require the innocent party at the
> time of breach, to accept the repudiation and treat the contract as
> discharged. He is permitted to pursue his remedy of seeking an order for
> specific performance, whether exclusively or as an alternative to damages.
> However if he proceeds in the alternative, at the trial he would be required
> to elect which remedy to pursue, ie whether specific performance or damages.
> The question before me is as follows: if the innocent party elects for
> damages only at the trial, what would be the appropriate date for the
> assessment of such damages.

11\. The Judge went on to hold that the date of trial was the correct date for
assessing damages. In doing so, Lee JC followed the decision of the Privy
Council in the _Meng Leong Development_ case that endorsed the trial judges
selection of the date of trial as the date for the assessment of the damages.
Lee JC also cited the commentary in para 960 of 44(1) _Halsburys Laws of
England_(4th Ed, Reissue) to the effect that where damages were awarded in
lieu of specific performance, the normal rule that damages should be assessed
as of the date of the breach of contract did not apply. The selection of the
appropriate date was at the courts discretion but the date usually chosen was
the date at which the remedy of specific performance ceased to be available.
Lee JC opined that if damages were to be assessed as at the date of the
breach, then the right given to the innocent party to seek specific
performance would be worthless. If the innocent party were required to
mitigate his damages from the time of breach he would in effect be confined to
seeking his remedy in damages (at 30). With respect, I entirely agree with
this observation.

12\. Having considered the above-mentioned cases and the other authorities
cited by both counsel, it appears to me to be settled that an innocent party
who sues for the specific performance of a contract for the sale and purchase
of land or, in the alternative for damages, and who elects at the trial to
pursue only the damages claim, is prima facie entitled to have those damages
assessed as at the date of trial. The selection of the date is, however, at
the courts discretion and, as the same passage from _Halsburys_ points out, if
the innocent purchaser has been guilty of delay in pursuing his claim,
assessment may be directed at an earlier date. This is precisely what happened
in the _Tay Joo Sing_ case where 25 months elapsed between the date when the
vendor wrongfully repudiated the contract and the date when the innocent
purchaser commenced action against him for specific performance.

13\. Delay in seeking a remedy is not the only reason why the court might
decide not to select the date of trial as the date of assessment. The same
passage in _Halsbury_ mentioned other factors that might persuade a court that
it would be unjust to select this date. In the present case, there is no
allegation that KHPL delayed in seeking their remedy. No such allegation can
be made since once action started, KHPL was expeditious in its filing of its
counterclaim for specific performance and/or damages.

14\. The submission made by Mr Lazim, counsel for Mr Ng, was that the date of
the trial was not the appropriate date in this case because the act of KHPL in
instructing the property agent in July 1997 to sell the property amounted to a
clear intention on their part to accept the repudiation of Ms Yeo and to go
into the market in order to mitigate their loss. It was submitted that such
act was clearly inconsistent with KHPLs contention that they were, at the
material time, seeking to affirm the agreement and claiming specific
performance instead. This intention to accept Ms Yeos repudiation was
communicated to the public at large including Ms Yeo, via the many
advertisements for the sale of the property.

15\. Mr Lazims argument went this way. First he cited the passage from Lee JCs
judgment which pointed out that the innocent party to a contract capable of
specific performance is permitted, in the event of a breach, to pursue his
remedy of seeking an order for specific performance, whether exclusively or as
an alternative to damages. That party would, however, if he proceeded in the
alternative, be required at the trial to elect which remedy to pursue. Mr
Lazim then submitted that at law an election requires an intention on the part
of the innocent party to choose one of two remedies which choice was
communicated to the other party or to do an unequivocal act, such act being
done to the knowledge of the other party. As a general rule, I have no quarrel
with that proposition. I would point out that in this case, by making a claim
in court for both remedies, KHPL was indicating that they had not yet decided
which remedy they really wanted and were reserving their position.

16\. Counsel went on to submit that the party who elects to pursue his
alternative claim for damages in lieu of specific performance must clearly
elect to accept the repudiation by the other party and is then subject to his
duty to mitigate his loss. I do not agree with this argument because in a case
like the present where the election need not take place until the date of
trial there can be no question of a duty to mitigate arising when at the trial
the innocent party elects damages instead of specific performance. If the
election took place at any date prior to the trial then, subject to any
contractual provision relating to the assessment of damages (for example
Condition 29 of the Law Societys Conditions of Sale) I would think that the
date for assessment would be the date of the election. If that were taken as
the date no question of mitigation would arise either.

17\. Further, the act of election, if it is said to be constituted by anything
other than an express statement that the innocent party is no longer pursuing
the remedy of specific performance, must be an action which puts it beyond the
power of the innocent party to deliver specific performance subsequently. In
this connection, I refer to _Johnson v Agnew_ which indicated the correct date
as being the date when the contract is lost. In the context of the present
case where by counterclaiming for specific performance, KHPL had impliedly
undertaken that they would be able to deliver title to the property to Ms Yeo
should the court order it, no action of theirs testing the market for possible
alternative purchasers could result in the contract being lost vis--vis Ms
Yeo. They would only have put it beyond their power to complete their sale and
purchase with Ms Yeo if they had granted an option in respect of the property
to a third party or entered into a sale and purchase contract with a third
party. Scouting around for prospective purchasers was not, in my opinion, an
irrevocable change of their position. It was an invitation to treat and not an
irrevocable offer to sell.

18\. It was further submitted that KHPL in claiming specific performance had
chosen to place the matter in the hands of a court of equity and would be
governed by equitable principles. Since KHPL had instructed their agent to
market the property and had communicated to the public at large their
intention of selling the property, an action which it was submitted was
inconsistent with their on-going claim to specific performance, it would be
inequitable for KHPL to contend that they did not elect to abandon their claim
for specific performance until the trial.

19\. I cannot accept this submission. The act of KHPL in marketing the
property and in informing the public that they were interested in offers for
it did not affect Ms Yeo in any way. She did not act on that knowledge to her
detriment. Her position was not changed by KHPLs attempts at a resale. At all
times, she was adamant in her stand that she was not obliged to buy the
property and was entitled to the return of her deposit. I do not see anything
inequitable in the course pursued by KHPL. As the innocent party they were
entitled, while pursuing the remedy of specific performance which the law gave
them, to cast around to ascertain whether their interests would be better
served if they accepted Ms Yeos repudiation and resold the property to some
one else. One of the ways of doing this was to ask their agent to market it
for them. Until and unless the marketing arrangements resulted in KHPL being
unable to deliver title to the property to Ms Yeo, there would be no negative
impact on her rights nor any inconsistency between KHPLs actions and its on-
going claim for specific performance. Accordingly, until that time, nothing
would have happened which a court of equity would have to take note of.

20\. This appeal must be allowed. I accordingly set aside the orders below. I
will see the parties on the consequential orders to be made.

21\. Although it is no longer relevant since the damages which KHPL will now
recover would exceed the amount of the deposit, I should state my view that
even on the damages awarded to them below, they were entitled to costs. A sum
of $185,000 cannot be considered nominal. The fact that the amount of damages
was lower than the amount of the deposit does not make it nominal. KHPL did
not forfeit the deposit and then sue for additional damages. In this case, the
deposit was not the measure of the damages. The deposit was retained because
KHPL were seeking specific performance and not because they were claiming to
be entitled to the deposit as their damages. Thus as long as KHPL were
eventually awarded more than a nominal amount as damages they would be
entitled to costs notwithstanding that the amount awarded did not exceed the
deposit paid.

Judith Prakash

Judge

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Feb 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

