Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Thamayanthi  
[2001] SGHC 374

Case Number | : | CC 56/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 December 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chan Wang Ho and Glenn Seah Kim Ming [Attorney-General's Chambers] for the prosecution; N K Rajarh [Rajah Velu & Co] and Jeeva Joethy [Choo & Joethy] for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor â€” Thamayanthi   
  
**Judgment**

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

1\. The accused was 26 years old and first came to Singapore in 1992 to work
as a maid. She returned after a couple of years when her work permit expired.
Her mother refused to let her leave India again after that and kept her
passport. She then used her sister, Kanagi's passport to leave India for
Singapore. This second journey here was made in 1998. She worked as a maid
with a family until about August 1999 when she left her employers on account
of ill-treatment. She then worked as a part-time help and one of those who
employed her as such was 67-year old Anjella Nagalingam who lived at Block 121
Teck Whye Lane #05-830 with one of her sons, Leslie Joseph and his wife
Catherine Tan Poh Gek.

2\. In the evening of 26 March 2001 Anjella Nagalingam was found dead in her
bedroom by Catherine Tan. It was not in dispute that Anjella Nagalingam was
assaulted and consequently collapsed in her room sometime after 2pm that day.
The accused was charged with her murder. The facts of that day as are largely
undisputed by the accused were as follows.

3\. Sometime before Christmas of 1998 the accused was introduced to work for
Anjella Nagalingam on a part-time basis, cleaning her flat. She would be paid
about $10 an hour, but when she worked for Anjella Nagalingam she was paid $20
an hour. She usually worked in the morning. On 26 March 2001 the accused
arrived at the flat about 10 am. Catherine Tan had already left for work that
morning at 8.40am. Leslie Joseph, however, was still at home that day although
he would normally have left for work and would not see the maid. That morning,
he was awakened by the family dog barking at the arrival of the accused to the
flat. He emerged from his room at 11am and saw the accused and Anjella
Nagalingam in conversation which he did not intrude. Instead, he had his
lunch. He remembered the accused leaving the flat about 11.45am. He left for
work about 12.30pm.

4\. The accused testified that before she left the flat that morning Anjella
Nagalingam had sold her a pair of ear studs for $80. She also asked the
accused to stay but she said she had work elsewhere, but agreed to return
later. She returned to the flat about 2 o'clock in the afternoon after a vain
attempt to get work in Bukit Batok. Anjella Nagalingam let her in and invited
her into her (Anjella Nagalingam's) bedroom where they sat down, she on a
stool and Anjella Nagalingam on her bed, eating fruit and watching television.
The accused testified that Anjella Nagalingam bemoaned the conduct of her
daughters-in-law as well as her brother-in-law who she said was reluctant to
buy her jewellery. She told the accused that in those circumstances she might
as well sell the jewellery to her maid, meaning the accused. At some point in
the course of that conversation the accused felt ill and went to the kitchen
where she vomited. Upon her returning to the bedroom, Anjella Nagalingam asked
if she was pregnant. The accused said that she could not be. She told Anjella
Nagalingam that she should banish such thoughts because if she could be heard
to utter them what, the accused enquired, would others think. Anjella
Nagalingam then retorted severely by referring to the accused as "thevadiyah"
a Tamil word, used derogatorily for prostitute. This quickly led to a fight
between the two women. The accused said that Anjella Nagalingam pushed her and
she (the accused) pushed her (Anjella Nagalingam) in retaliation. Anjella
Nagalingam then slapped her, and in the course of the fight, the accused fell
but got up again; Anjella Nagalingam also fell and pulled at the leg of the
accused. Anjella Nagalingam then tried to hit the accused with a telephone
which the accused wrestled from her and hit her instead. The accused admitted
that she had hit Anjella Nagalingam about four or five times but cannot
remember the details as to how many blows actually landed, where they landed,
how hard they landed and where the two protagonists' respective positions were
at that time although the prosecuting DPP persisted in trying to extract clear
and definite answers from her on those points. The accused also admitted that
she had used the stool to hit Anjella Nagalingam in the course of the fight,
which in response to the DPP in cross-examination, she estimated to be about
two to three minutes, steadfastly rejecting the DPP's suggestion that the
fight itself took between 30 to 45 minutes.

5\. The accused testified that in the course of the fight Anjella Nagalingam
grabbed a telephone and tried to hit her with it. This telephone was
subsequently thrown into a canal near Sim's Drive. However, the prosecution
procured a telephone at trial which Leslie Joseph identified as being similar
to the one in Anjella Nagalingam's room - only the colour was different. The
accused admitted in court that she had hit Anjella Nagalingam about four to
five times with it; but she was frightened and trembling and could not
remember more. The pathologist Dr. Teo testified that the eight laceration
wounds found on Anjella Nagalingam's scalp at the autopsy were consistent with
injuries caused by a blunt object, such as the telephone, delivered with
moderate to severe force. One of the eight lacerations also resulted in a
fracture of the skull. This particular injury was, in Dr. Teo's opinion, the
one that caused the subdural haemorrhage at the back of the skull. It was
probably delivered with a severe force. In his opinion, death was caused by
this subdural haemorrhage. In addition to the injuries to the head, Anjella
Nagalingam suffered fractures to her left middle finger and right ring finger.
These injuries were described as defensive injuries. The defence does not
challenge the assertion that these injuries were caused by the accused with
the telephone set. Dr. Teo also found compression injuries in the oral cavity.
He was of the view that these injuries were consistent with someone trying to
suffocate the deceased with the palm of a hand. He testified that the force
used could have lasted "a few seconds or a few minutes". The accused admitted
under cross-examination that she had used her palm to push against the face of
the deceased but denied that she tried to suffocate her.

6\. The prosecution's case was based on s 300(c) of the Penal Code, Ch 224,
namely that the culpable homicide was "done with the intention of causing
bodily injury and the bodily injury intended to be inflicted was sufficient in
the ordinary course of nature to cause death". Dr. Teo accepted that, first,
blunt force of moderate to severe strength may not necessarily cause
fractures; secondly, fractures may not necessarily result in subdural
haemorrhage; thirdly, subdural haemorrhage may not necessarily result in
death. When asked what he understood by the term "injury sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death" he gave the following answer:

> "If the subdural haemorrhage was left untreated it is potentially fatal in
> the ordinary course of events. How soon it is fatal may range from minutes
> to hours and it depends to a large extent on the size and location of the
> subdural haemorrhage; and whether vital centres in the brain were also
> affected by the same force that caused the subdural haemorrhage in this
> case, the injuries, that is the subdural haemorrhage, would have been [of]
> sufficient severity to cause death in the ordinary course of events".

That is, of course, the expert medical evidence, and it must be blended with
the legal requirements under s.299 and s.300 of the Penal Code. When a doctor
certifies that any given wound, whether treated or not, would be sufficient to
lead to death he is stating a medical fact, and although he or indeed anyone
else, might conclude that whoever causes that wound causes the death, only the
court may determine whether that death was inflicted with the requisite
intention under ss 299 and 300. Otherwise, these solemn and onerous provisions
will be reduced to the simple effect that once medical evidence attributes a
death to the injury caused by an accused, murder is, by that fact alone,
established. That is, in my view, not the purport of the homicide and murder
provisions in the Penal Code.

7\. In every case concerning a charge of murder it is most pertinent to start
with the definition of culpable homicide because there is no offence of murder
unless culpable homicide is proved. That definition is set out in s 299 of the
Penal Code in the following words: "Whoever causes death by doing an act with
an intention of causing death, or with an intention of causing such bodily
injury as is likely to cause death, or with the knowledge that he is likely by
such an act to cause death, commits the offence of culpable homicide." It was
not the prosecution case that the accused intended to cause death. The
prosecution proceeded on its case throughout the trial on the basis of s
300(c). But there is a significant difference between the legal ingredients
under s 300(c) and s 299; that is, the difference between "causing an injury
which is sufficient in the ordinary course to cause death" and causing an
injury which is likely to cause death.

8\. Whether a particular injury is likely to cause death is a question of fact
which the court will have to make with such assistance as it may get from the
experts such as Dr. Teo the pathologist. Dr. Teo was not asked whether the
injuries caused were "likely to cause death" but he has given some
illuminating evidence which has greatly assisted me in my conclusion that the
injuries caused by the accused were not likely to cause death. In the course
of the trial, I am satisfied that Anjella Nagalingam was struck with about
eight blows on the head with a plastic telephone set. The weight of the set
was not given but handling the replica myself it felt no heavier than one
would expect a plastic telephone set to weigh; and no expert is required to
opine that anyone would think that a person was likely to be killed when
struck with it. Being seriously hurt, perhaps, but not killed. It will be
appropriate at this point to recall that the certified cause of death was a
subdural haemorrhage, as Dr. Teo testified. But more importantly, although
there were eight lacerations on the skull of Anjella Nagalingam, Dr. Teo was
able to focus on one in particular, that resulted in a fracture and which he
believes caused the subdural haemorrhage. Given this evidence and the use of
the telephone as the instrument of death, I am not satisfied that the injury
was sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death. But more
importantly, before this aspect is to be considered, the prosecution must
satisfy the court under s 299, as the prosecution's stated case here, that the
intention of the accused was to cause an injury that was likely to cause
death. I need not restate what has been so clearly pronounced _in Virsa Singh
v State of Punjab_ (1958) Sup Ct Report 1495 as well as the numerous occasions
in our courts in cases such as _Tan Chee Hwee v PP_ [1993] 2 SLR 657, from the
Court of Appeal, as to what is required to be proved in a case under s 300(c)
of the Penal Code.

9\. I am satisfied that the accused had no intention of killing the deceased.
The choice of instrument largely indicates this, but more so, the evidence
shows that there were a number of kitchen knives on a counter in the kitchen
nearby. Whatever might have happened in the bedroom of the deceased, it is
abundantly clear that something happened which threw the accused into an
uncontrollable rage. Notwithstanding the number of eight blows delivered with
the telephone set, which upon examination, felt lighter in my hands than a
copy of the Chambers Dictionary, I am of the view that the accused did not
intend the injury which resulted in the death of Anjella Nagalingam. She
clearly had an intention to hurt Anjella Nagalingam with the telephone set,
but is a different matter from an intention to cause the injury which caused
death within the meaning of ss 299 and 300\. The DPP Mr. Chan submitted that
the motive of the accused was robbery, but this is a red herring considering
that the prosecution case was not dependent on motive. Nonetheless, the
evidence suggests very strongly that although the accused clearly
misappropriated some of Anjella Nagalingam's personal effects including
jewellery, I accept her explanation that she did so initially to get rid of
incriminating items which might have her blood stained prints. It is important
not to overlook the fact that no other item elsewhere (save a bottle of Calvin
Klein perfume) was missing from the flat. In addition to necklace, and
bracelets the deceased had two rings on each hand (four rings in all). These
not insubstantial jewellery were also untouched. If any intention to rob had
been formed by the accused, I am satisfied that it was formed after the death
of Anjella Nagalingam.

10\. Weighing the evidence of Dr. Teo Eng Swee the pathologist, with the
selection by the accused of a lightweight plastic telephone set as the weapon
of choice I form the view that the vital element under s 299 was not proved
beyond reasonable doubt. In forming this view I had studied the written
statements as well as the oral evidence of the accused, especially the aspect
concerning the fight with Anjella Nagalingam. While I respect the able
submission of the DPP, I gave the benefit of doubt to the accused on her
testimony, without forgetting that Anjella Nagalingam's side of the story was
not told. The law requires only that the accused raises a reasonable doubt in
her defence. I accept that in a traumatic event some portions will appear in
abject clarity and indelible from the mind of the participants while other
portions will vanish without trace or recall. I therefore do not exact upon
the accused the onus of proving or recalling the entire episode
comprehensively, blow by blow. Evidence of this nature must not be evaluated
too scientifically or technically; but simply by being aware of the wide range
of human reaction under extraordinary circumstances.

11\. The two taxi drivers called to rebut the evidence of the accused but
succeeded only in rebutting each other. Ganesan Arunasalam testified that on
the occasion when he was with the other taxi driver Sahul Hameed and the
accused, he and Hameed spoke in Malay so that the accused would not know what
they were discussing. When Hameed took the stand he said that they spoke only
in Tamil and was adamant that not once did they speak in Malay. On the other
hand, Hameed denied any knowledge that Ganesan was occupying a flat at Kempas
Road only to be promptly contradicted by Ganesan. I find neither witnesses
reliable, and in particular, the facetious and flippant manner that punctuated
his testimony.

12\. Mr. Rajarh raised various defences including self-defence, provocation,
exceeding private defence, and sudden fight. Had any of these defences
succeeded the charge ought to be reduced to culpable homicide not amounting to
murder. Hence, in view of my finding and judgment I need not review the law on
these defences, but so far as the facts that may be relevant to these
defences, I will set out my findings as follows. So far as the oral
testimonies of the crucial witnesses of fact are concerned, and in this case,
there was only the accused, I find her to be a forthright witness. Some parts
of her evidence under cross-examination were patchy, but in this case, I am of
the view that they were not intentional or affect in any way the substance of
her integrity. She was not well educated and spoke through an interpreter,
recalling an event that left her trembling and in fear. In these
circumstances, her testimony was remarkable for its consistency, not only in
court, but also against her police statements. Finally, it will be seen from
the photographs that there were signs of a struggle if not a fight in the
deceased's bedroom.

13\. For the above reasons, I found the accused not guilty of murder, but I am
satisfied that the prosecution had proved beyond reasonable doubt that the
accused had committed the offence under s 322 of the Penal Code, namely
causing grievous hurt. After taking into account the fact that she was
genuinely remorseful, having asked her counsel to plead forgiveness from the
family of Anjella Nagalingam whatever the outcome of the trial, the fact that
she had no previous antecedents, and that the crime was committed without
premeditation; and weighing all that against the fatal consequences of her
act, I sentenced her to four and a half years' imprisonment with effect from
14 December 2001.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Dec 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

