Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Stratech Systems Limited v Guthrie Properties (S) Pte Ltd and Another  
[2001] SGHC 77

Case Number | : | Suit 575/2000/X  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 April 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Screenivasan (Derrick Ravi Partnership) for the plaintiffs; Dedar Singh Gill and Gerald Koh (Drew & Napier) for the first and second defendants   
Parties | : |  Stratech Systems Limited â€” Guthrie Properties (S) Pte Ltd; Mall Management Pte Ltd (formerly known as Guthrie M & E Consultancy Pte Ltd)   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**_Cur Adv Vult_**

1\. This is a claim by the plaintiffs for breach of confidence and/or passing
off. The action concerns a car park system, described as the Intelligent Car
Park System (the ICPS), which the plaintiffs claim to have created and
developed. Information relating to the ICPS, alleged to be of a confidential
nature, was given by the plaintiffs to the defendants and it is claimed that
the latter had made use of the information in breach of their duty of
confidence and had further sought to pass off the ICPS as the defendants own
system.

**_

Background facts

_**

2\. The plaintiffs, Stratech System Limited (Stratech), are a public-listed
company incorporated in Singapore, whose principal activities are the design,
development, supply, installation, commissioning and maintenance of advanced
technology systems. In 1998, in anticipation of a public tender by the Urban
Redevelopment Authority to design a car park system that would replace car
park coupons, Stratech created and developed the ICPS. The tender was
eventually not proceeded with. Briefly, the ICPS is a computer-based system
which automatically monitors, records and controls the entry and exit of
vehicles from a car park. The essence of the ICPS lies in it being a cashless
and ticketless car park system. It uses Optical Character Recognition (OCR)
technology to recognise the licence plate numbers of vehicles and NETS
(Network for Electronic Transfers) cash cards for making payment. OCR
technology involves using an image capturing system to record an image and
translating the captured image or characters into data for application.
Typically, this would entail the use of cameras and computer hardware and
software to translate the captured image into computer data which can then be
applied in various ways, e.g. for identification purposes. Such technology has
been applied commercially in a number of ways, such as for recognising
container markings or, as in the present case, licence plate numbers.

3\. Stratechs ICPS works sequentially as follows. The presence of a vehicle is
detected at the entry/exit of a car park and the image of the licence plate
number will be captured, via cameras, and processed for identification. At the
same time, the system records the times of entry into and exit from the car
park for each vehicle, as identified by its licence plate number, and
calculates the respective parking charges for the period spent in the car
park. Payment of the charges are made using NETS cash cards, hence dispensing
with the need for cash. The system does not require any tickets or tokens to
be used and there is no need for any device to be installed into the vehicles.

4\. The first defendants, Guthrie Properties (S) Pte Ltd (GPS), and the second
defendants, Mall Management Pte Ltd (MM), are both companies within the
Guthrie group of companies (the Guthrie group). GPS are a 100% owned
subsidiary of Guthrie GTS Limited, while MM are a 100% subsidiary of GPS. GPS
are a property development and management company and in particular, they
manage properties which are owned by the Guthrie group. Part of GPSs
activities include the management of car parks. MM are in the business of
marketing car park systems. Jurong Point Realty Pte Ltd (JPR) is a joint
venture company between Guthrie GTS and Lee Kim Tah Holdings Limited, with
each holding equal shares. GPS, MM and JPR are all managed by the same person,
Michael Leong Choon Fai (Leong), who is the general manager of the three
companies.

5\. Also belonging to the Guthrie group are Ledbury Technologies Pte Ltd
(Ledbury) and Guthrie Engineering (S) Pte Ltd (GES). Ledbury are a 100% owned
subsidiary of GES, while the latter are a 100% owned subsidiary of Guthrie
GTS. Both Ledbury and GES are managed by one Mah Chin Paw (Mah), a senior
manager in the two companies. Ledburys businesses include systems integration,
home automation, security access and vehicular access, most of which are for
small scale or private sector projects. Systems integration is also an area of
GESs core businesses but their projects are generally on a larger scale, as
compared to Ledbury. More will be said later of how they became involved in
this dispute.

_

The Jurong Point System

_

6\. Around July 1998, JPR was looking for an innovative and intelligent car
park system to be installed in the Jurong Point building (Jurong Point) which
it was managing. To this end, a competition was organised for the Temasek
Polytechnic students, inviting them to design and submit innovative car park
systems for use at Jurong Point. The entries for the competition were received
in September 1998 and the results were announced in October. There were some
media coverage of the event and the competition, and the winning entries were
featured in a newspaper article in the Straits Times.

7\. In or around October 1998, Leong, acting on behalf of JPR, contacted one
Mickey Teo of GES to ask if GES could build and install a cashless car park
system at Jurong Point. Mickey Teo then informed Mah of Leongs inquiry. GES
decided not to undertake this project as they were already very busy with
other work commitments, such as the Vehicle Entry Permit (VEP) project.

8\. On 27 November 1998, Stratech wrote to JPR to introduce their "Smart Park
Intelligent Car Park System". Pursuant to this letter, discussions ensued
between Stratech and JPR. On 9 December 1998, Stratech submitted to JPR a
proposal (the JP proposal) for the implementation of the ICPS at Jurong Point.
The JP proposal outlined the advantages of the ICPS and included, _inter alia_
, the functional description, job scope/construction, item lists, system
layout, schematic diagrams and network for electronic transfers for the
installation of the system. On 25 March 1999, Stratech forwarded to JPR a
project plan and a revised proposal. A trial for the system to be installed at
Jurong Point (the JP system) was conducted at Guthrie House sometime in April
1999. On 2 May 1999, JPR issued a purchase order to Stratech for the JP system
and work on the installation of the new car park system commenced. The JP
system was completed and operational in August 1999. A proposal for
improvements and additional works to the JP system was sent by Stratech to JPR
on 24 September 1999.

9\. Sometime in the latter half of 1999, two meetings were held between the
management of Stratech and the Guthrie group to discuss the possibilities of
collaboration and of entering into a joint venture. The Guthrie group was keen
to assist Stratech financially in exchange for a stake in Stratechs business.
However, nothing came out of these discussions.

_

The Guthrie House System

_

10\. In early April 1999, Leong, on behalf of GPS asked Stratech if they were
able to install a similar car park system at Guthrie House. GPS were in charge
of the development and management of Guthrie House, including managing its car
park system. Soon after GPS request, Stratech submitted a proposal on 23 April
1999 for the same ICPS system to be installed in Guthrie House (the GH
proposal). Nothing more was done, however, until about 7 October 1999 when GPS
issued a purchase order to Stratech for the installation of the ICPS at
Guthrie House. In the purchase order, the delivery date of the ICPS was to be
in 10 weeks time from the date of the letter, i.e. by 16 December 1999. By a
letter dated 4 November 1999, Stratech replied to say that they were not able
to comply with the time frame given but could only deliver the system by end
February 2000. This was acknowledged by GPS, who wrote to Stratech on 24
November 1999 informing them of the decision not to proceed with the
installation of the ICPS at Guthrie House.

11\. As GPS decided not to install Stratechs ICPS at Guthrie House, other
alternatives were sought. Sometime after 4 November 1999, Leong, on behalf of
GPS, contacted Mah of Ledbury to ask if Ledbury could install a cashless car
park system for Guthrie House. Subsequently, in December 1999, Mah and some of
his colleagues visited Jurong Point to observe the external workings of the JP
system that had been installed by Stratech. Mah then informed Leong that
Ledbury were able to build a system for Guthrie House that would overcome the
problems of the JP system which Leong had previously complained of. It was
alleged that the performance of the JP system had not been very satisfactory
as there were problems with the cash card readers which resulted in traffic
jams at the exit points during peak hours. On 2 December 1999, Ledbury gave a
quotation to GPS for the installation of a car park system at Guthrie House
(the GH system). Soon after, Ledbury were awarded the job and a purchase order
was issued accordingly.

12\. The project for the GH system was sub-contracted by Ledbury to Optasia
Systems Pte Ltd (Optasia) and Wei Long Electronics Engineering Pte Ltd (Wei
Long). Optasia were in the business of marketing OCR technology for, _inter
alia_ , transportation and vehicle management systems and this includes
supplying licence plate recognition products, while Wei Long were in the
business of supplying cash card reading equipment. The GH system was installed
and operational by end February to early March 2000. At the same time, around
February 2000, Ledbury were asked to provide a quotation for another car park
system to be built at Craig Place, a property developed and managed by Craig
Development Pte Ltd, a company belonging to the Guthrie group. On or about 14
March 2000, Craig Development issued a purchase order to Ledbury, engaging the
latter to build the same car park system at Craig Place.

13\. Similar car park systems using the OCR and NETS concept were subsequently
installed by Optasia and Wei Long at the Ubi Industrial Estate and the Orchard
Cineleisure building. However, none of the companies in the Guthrie group,
including GPS and MM, were involved in those projects.

_

Passing Off

_

14\. Sometime in early 2000, Stratech found out that GPS had installed a car
park system at Guthrie House and Craig Place that was thought to be similar to
their ICPS. They also discovered that MM were marketing and promoting the car
park system that has been installed at Guthrie House. Suspecting that GPS had
copied the ICPS and were then passing off the ICPS as their own, Stratech
engaged the services of private investigators to look into the matter. On 13
July 2000, Gan Wee Siong (Gan) and Chong Ban Long (Chong) of Commercial
Investigations visited Guthrie House, posing as potential customers of the car
park system. They were met by Martin Chew Eng Tong (Martin Chew) who told them
that the relevant person to speak to was Kirk Hock Ser (Kirk), who was not
around that day. Nonetheless, Martin Chew agreed to show them generally the
car park system at Guthrie House. During this occasion, Martin Chew made
certain remarks which Stratech now claim showed that GPS and MM were passing
off the ICPS as their own system. On 14 July 2000, Gan and Chong visited the
Guthrie House again to speak to Kirk. A video recording of the conversation
they had with Kirk was made and I will deal with the details of the relevant
parts later. In essence, it is alleged by Stratech that Kirks statements
misrepresented GPS and MM as the owners and developers of the ICPS. Both
Martin Chew and Kirk are employees of GPS.

**_

Stratechs claim

_**

15\. According to Stratech, the ICPS is a unique car park system which they
have designed and built and they claim to be the first to have designed such a
system. In fact, a patent application for the system had been filed by
Stratech in several jurisdictions, including Singapore, but the registration
of the patent remained pending. A temporary patent had been granted in Hong
Kong but this is not of relevance to the present case. The action before me is
not one that is based on patent infringement.

16\. Stratechs case is that they gave confidential information relating to the
ICPS to JPR and GPS for the limited purpose of enabling the recipients to
decide on the installation of the system at Jurong Point and Guthrie House
respectively. The information was given in circumstances which clearly imposed
a duty of confidence on the recipients, the relevant documents having been
marked "Confidential" and "Patent Pending" when they were forwarded to JPR and
GPS. Such confidential information was then misused by GPS and MM when they
installed the ICPS at Guthrie House and Craig Place.

17\. Although Stratech do not have actual evidence of misuse of the
confidential information by GPS and MM, they assert that there are many facts
supporting the inference that the duty of confidence had in fact been
breached. One of the factors highlighted by Stratech is the short period
within which Ledbury, together with Optasia and Wei Long, managed to set up
the GH system. Stratech submitted that this could not have been possible
unless the confidential information given by Stratech was made use of. This is
so because, prior to Stratechs installation of the ICPS at Jurong Point, they
claim that there was no similar existing system in Singapore or, to their
knowledge, anywhere else in the world. Furthermore, GPS, Ledbury, Optasia and
Wei Long have not shown themselves as having the necessary expertise to set up
such a system within the short time period. The striking similarities between
the GH system and Stratechs ICPS, as reflected in the JP system and the GH
proposal, also indicated that the GH system must have been copied from
Stratechs confidential information.

18\. On the passing off claim, Stratech relied mainly on Gans and Chongs
evidence based on their encounter with Martin Chew and Kirk on 13 and 14 July
2000. Several other incidents where Stratech were informed of GPSs and MMs
supposed attempts to pass off the ICPS as their own system are also cited in
support.

**_

The defence

_**

19\. GPS and MM in their defence disputed the confidentiality of the
information Stratech had transmitted. It is submitted that even if the concept
of using OCR and NETS cash cards to build a ticketless and cashless car park
system had been confidential when it was transmitted to JPR, it lost its
quality of confidence once the JP system was installed, since the concept had
entered the public domain and could be observed by anyone who visited the car
park at Jurong Point. The same reasoning applied to the specific information
particularised by Stratech to build such as system, such as the system design,
software specifications and components list. Further, it is claimed that such
information is not confidential in any event, as it is already known and
practised by the public or at least by the persons skilled in this area.

20\. Next, GPS and MM deny that any of the information, confidential or not,
was misused by them. It is asserted that GPS and MM are not in the business of
building car park systems and the car park systems at GH and Craig Place had
not been designed or built by them but by independent contractors. Hence,
there was no reason for them to make use of the alleged confidential
information. Neither did they communicate any of the confidential information
to Ledbury, Optasia or Wei Long to assist them in building the GH system and
the system at Craig Place. The GH system essentially involved an integration
of two sub-systems, the licence plate recognition system and the NETS cash
card payment system. These were independently supplied by Optasia and Wei Long
respectively. Both parties are greatly experienced in their particular areas
of practice and have ample knowledge to supply their respective systems
without any reference whatsoever to Stratechs information. This also explained
why the GH system could be built and installed within the short period of
time. In addition, significant differences between the GH system and Stratechs
ICPS were highlighted during the trial to show that these two systems are in
fact fundamentally distinguishable.

21\. With regard to the claim of passing off, it is contended that Martin Chew
and Kirk did not say anything which amounted to a misrepresentation by GPS and
MM that they owned or developed the ICPS and/or the JP system. Moreover, it is
argued that the nature of the business, i.e. the sale of car park systems, is
such that it is not susceptible to passing off by a competitor.

**_

Background of main witnesses

_**

22\. At this juncture, I will go into greater detail of the relevant
experience and expertise as well as the role played by the respective
individuals in relation to the present dispute. This is necessary in order to
better understand the positions taken by the parties in this action,
especially with respect to the expertise of the defence witnesses, which was
challenged by Stratech. I do not propose to deal with every witness that has
been called by the parties but will focus only on those whose evidence have
formed the pith and substance of each partys case.

23\. One of the main witnesses for Stratech was Kennedy Chew Khien Mien
(Kennedy Chew). He holds the position of deputy chief executive (technology
and strategy) in Stratech. He obtained his basic degree from the University of
Toronto and his Ph.D. from the University of Texas, Austin. Both his degrees
were in the field of computer sciences. Throughout his tertiary education, he
was a National Computer Board (NCB) scholar and he worked for the organisation
for a number of years, during which he was involved as the chief architect in
many large-scale projects. This included the Ministry of Educations Student-
Teacher Workbench, the Digital Library Initiative and the Integrated Criminal
Justice System. He subsequently left NCB to join Stratech, which was set up by
his brother, David Chew Khien Meow (David Chew). I am satisfied that Kennedy
Chew played a key role in the designing and building of the ICPS, especially
in the technical aspects. Much of his evidence, however, dealt with his views
on the similarities between the ICPS and the GH system installed by Ledbury,
Optasia and Wei Long.

24\. David Chew was also called to give evidence on behalf of Stratech. He is
the chairman and chief executive officer of Stratech. Unlike his brother,
Kennedy Chew, his doctorate degree is in business administration and he is
primarily responsible for the management of the companys business. According
to his evidence, Stratechs core businesses are in developing advanced
technologies and systems and providing infrastructure for e-businesses. They
have been involved in many governmental projects, such as providing multi-
media educational systems and a Weapons Scoring System for the Republic of
Singapore Navy. The ICPS, however, appears to be Stratechs first venture into
the business of car park systems.

25\. Richard Goh Tiong Hwee (Richard Goh) is the general manager of Optasia.
He was called by GPS and MM to give evidence on the role that Optasia played
in the installation of the GH system at Guthrie House. Richard Goh has been in
the field of OCR technology since 1992. From 1990 to June 1996, he worked at
the Institute of System Science (ISS) which develops high-technology products,
including OCR technology. OCR technology was developed by the ISS for
commercial use at the Port of Singapore Authority (PSA) to read container
numbers for identification and keeping track of the movement of containers in
and out of the port. This was the Container Number Recognition system (CNRS
system) for which Richard Goh was the project manager from around 1994 till
1996. He was also the project manager for the Quay Cranes Container Number
Recognition system (QCCNRS system) which was developed by the ISS from 1995 to
1996 for use by PSA. It was around 1994 to 1995 that ISS adapted the OCR
technology for use in licence plate recognition. This technology was then used
in the trials conducted for the Electronic Road Pricing (ERP) system. OCR
technology was also used at the Woodlands Checkpoint (the Woodlands project).
Richard Goh was the project manager for the Woodlands project for about six
months, after which he left to set up Optasia. Optasia were later engaged to
improve and maintain the system for a number of years.

26\. Optasia were set up in 1996 and have been involved in providing OCR
technology for a number of commercial car parks, even prior to the
installation of the GH system. On or about 5 November 1997, Optasia signed a
Memorandum of Understanding with Amano Time & Air Singapore Pte Ltd (Amano), a
company which develops and markets car park systems. It was agreed that
Optasia would provide the necessary OCR technology which would be integrated
with Amanos existing car park system to develop into a new system. A purchase
order dated 24 December 1997 was issued by Singapore Technologies (ST)
Electronics Pte Ltd for Optasias licence plate recognition system. The system
was later installed in Taiwan in a school car park (the Taiwan system). Around
May 1998, the consortium in charge of constructing the car parks for the Kuala
Lumpur International Airport was interested to use OCR technology in the car
parks and Optasia, through a company known as CNL Pte Ltd, were asked to
submit a proposal for the use of such a system. Richard Goh prepared a
demonstration system and it was shown to the consortium representatives on 27
May 1998. Finally, in February 1999, ST Electronics again approached Optasia
for the use of OCR technology in the car park system for Sim Lim Square. The
OCR technology was employed to record licence plate numbers of vehicles
entering the car park. It should be noted, however, that for all the car park
systems which Optasia had been previously involved in, none of them was a
tickletless and cashless system.

27\. The next important witness for GPS and MM was Lu Youming (Lu), the
managing director of Wei Long. Prior to setting up Wei Long in 1998, Lu was
employed as a research director in a company called Norva (S.E.A) Pte Ltd
(Norva) from 1990 to early 1998. While he was at Norva, his work included
supplying car park systems for as many as 13 commercial projects, some
examples being the car parks at the Alexandra Technopark, the PSA Building,
the Tanjong Pagar Complex and Finger Pier. Lus work also covered the
development of smartcard parking systems and the installation of Light
Emission Diode (LED) information displays.

28\. In early 1998, Lu left Norva to set up Wei Long and it was around June
1998 that Wei Long developed a new cash card reader that would be suitable for
use in a high-volume environment such as a car park. In July 1998, Wei Long
submitted to the National Science and Technology Board (NSTB) a proposal for a
car park system which would allow payment of parking charges to be made using
NETS cash cards. The system was called "Cashpark", later renamed as "Epark".
In 1999, NSTB awarded Wei Long a grant to develop a ticketing system that was
based on the use of cash cards.

29\. It was around 1996 to 1998, through the course of his work at Norva that
Lu first came into contact with GES. Around September 1998, Mah of GES
approached Lu and told him that GES were tendering for the construction of the
Vehicle Entry Permit (VEP) system for the Land Transport Authority (LTA). A
cash card system was used for the VEP project. For the purposes of the VEP
project, GES engaged Wei Long to provide the installation of a front end
system, which included, _inter alia_ , the hardware and software for cash card
readers and LED displays. The VEP system was later installed at the Woodlands,
Tuas and Changi Ferry Terminal checkpoints. Wei Longs work for the VEP project
commenced around May 1999 and was completed by around the end of 1999.
Incidentally, GES had also sub-contracted a large part of the works in the VEP
project to Stratech and they were responsible for the central computer system,
the network and the system architecture in the project.

30\. Lu claimed that it was from his work on the VEP project that he
recognised the feasibility of using cash card readers in a car park system.
Thus, around September 1999, Wei Long loaned from NETS two cash card
components for the purpose of making a working prototype of a cash card reader
to be used in a car park system. The prototype and the software for the system
was written by one Qian Lei, an engineer in Wei Long. This prototype was
demonstrated to Mah sometime in November 1999. Subsequently, Mah contacted Lu
with regard to installing the GH system.

31\. Finally, there is Mah of GES and Ledbury. He gave evidence on the
experience of the two companies in the fields of car park and vehicular access
systems. GES was first involved in the installation of a car park system in
1994. This was a contract for the Housing and Development Board and it
involved an outdoor car park using automated payment. Since this project,
Ledbury and GES have worked on several other installations of car park or
vehicular access systems and these included the car parks for the Guthrie
Building at Changi Road, the Guthrie condominium at Fifth Avenue and the VEP
project for LTA. It was in the course of these projects that Mah acquired a
working knowledge in the area of systems integration, especially in the
context of car parks and vehicular access systems. I should stress that the
defendants access to the technical capability to integrate the OCR system and
the cashless/ticketless payment system is a key issue of fact in this action.

32\. Having dealt with the backgrounds of the main witnesses for each of the
parties, I now turn to Stratechs claim for breach of confidence.

**_

The law of confidence

_**

33\. The requirements which must be satisfied before an action for breach of
confidence can be made out has been succinctly summarised by Megarry J in the
oft-cited case of _Coco v Clark_ [1969] RPC 41 at 47:

> First, the information itself must "have the necessary quality of confidence
> about it". Secondly, that information must have been imparted in
> circumstances importing an obligation of confidence. Thirdly, there must be
> an unauthorised use of that information to the detriment of the party
> communicating it.

34\. In the present case, the relevant documents which Stratech claim
contained the alleged confidential information are as follows:

> (i) The JP proposal by Stratech dated 9 December 1998.
>
> (ii) A fax transmission dated 4 June 1999 from Stratech to JPR which
> enclosed the new charging algorithm.
>
> (iii) The system requirements specifications for the JP system dated 8 June
> 1999.
>
> (iv) The software requirements specifications for the JP system dated 8 June
> 1999.
>
> (v) A fax transmission dated 24 September 1999 from Stratech to JPR which
> enclosed a proposal for additional works to be carried out on the JP system.
>
> (vi) The delivery acceptance certificate dated 16 February 2000 for the JP
> system, signed by JPR for Stratech.
>
> (vii) The GH proposal by Stratech dated 23 April 1999.

35\. The information which is claimed to be confidential, dealt essentially
with the technical and functional description of how the ICPS worked, its
system design and layout, the components involved, how they were installed,
the hardware aspects of the system, its implementation and even the solutions
to problems encountered in the functioning of the system. This is, of course,
only a general summary of the nature of the information which Stratech are
seeking to protect and should not be treated as an exhaustive description. For
the ease of reference, any subsequent mention of the ICPS shall mean a
reference to Stratechs system as reflected in the information which they are
claiming to be confidential.

**_

Quality of confidence

_**

36\. Is the information confidential in nature? GPS and MM contend that the
relevant information cannot be regarded as confidential for two reasons.
Firstly, because the information was already known and practised by members of
the industry who are skilled in this area, and secondly, the information
became public knowledge when the JP system was fully installed by August 1999.
Stratech disagree with both contentions. Stratech submit that there is no
proof that the information was known and practised by persons in the industry.
The cumulative effect of the entries submitted by the Temasek Polytechnic
students do not equate to the information which make up the ICPS. Prior to the
JP system, there was no similar system available in the market, Singapore or
elsewhere. It is suggested that the Guthrie group recognised precisely the
uniqueness of the system and that was the reason why they had been keen to
enter a joint venture with Stratech to develop and market the ICPS. The
installation of the JP system also did not render the information public
knowledge. Members of the public could only see the system from the outside
and there remained a lot of technical details, such as the system network, the
technology used, the software specifications of the system, which were not
accessible or available to the public at large.

37\. There is no doubt that protection can only be extended to information
which is not already freely available in the public domain. In _Coco v Clark
(supra)_ , Megarry J quoted Lord Greene from the case of _Saltman Engineering
Co Ltd v Campbell Engineering Co Ltd_(1948) 65 RPC 203 and said, at p.47 :

> "something which is public property and public knowledge" cannot per se
> provide any foundation for proceedings for breach of confidence. However
> confidential the circumstances of communication, there can be no breach of
> confidence in revealing to others something which is already common
> knowledge.

38\. I am of the view that the concept of using OCR technology and NETS cash
cards to create a "cashless" and "ticketless" car park system, lost its
confidentiality, if any, once the JP system was installed, since it could
easily be observed by a person who visited the car park at Jurong Point.
However, Stratech are not seeking to claim that the concept is confidential.
It is the technical information on the functional description, system
specifications, software specifications, system architecture and design and
layout, etc. which are alleged to remain confidential. In this respect, I
accept Stratechs arguments. Most of such information would not be observable
by the public when they visit the JP car park. As pointed out by Stratech, it
would not be possible to see how the system architecture was designed, how the
network was set up, what was the software that was being used and the pricing
of the whole system. These are examples of the type of information which
remained confidential.

39\. I also do not accept the contention that the information given by
Stratech to JPR and GPS is public knowledge because it is known and practised
by persons skilled in this area. Stratechs information must be looked at in
its entirety and not in its individual parts. The existence of the software
used, and the distinct components by themselves were known to people in each
relevant industry but it is the way Stratech have combined everything together
which makes the integrated information, as a whole, confidential in nature.
The ICPS is but one form of "cashless" and "ticketless" car park system which
makes use of OCR technology with payment by NETS cash cards. The fact that
competitors of Stratech may then capitalize on the concept and come up with
their own similar but distinct car park systems does not mean that the
information relating to the ICPS is no longer confidential.

40\. Directly linked to this is the springboard doctrine which is a rule that,
where the information has become part of the public domain or where some of
the information was not confidential to the plaintiff to begin with, the
defendant-recipient is nonetheless under a duty not to make use of the
information as a "springboard" for activities that would be detrimental to the
plaintiff. The doctrine was enunciated in _Terrapin Ltd v Builders Supply
Company (Hayes) Ltd and Others_ [1967] RPC 375 at 391-2 in the following
terms:

> the essence of this branch of the law, whatever the origin of it may be, is
> that a person who has obtained information in confidence is not allowed to
> use it as a spring-board for activities detrimental to the person who made
> the confidential communication, and spring-board it remains even when all
> the features have been published or can be ascertained by actual inspection
> by any member of the public.

More will be said on the subject later when I consider the question of whether
there has been unauthorised use of the information.

**_

Obligation of confidence

_**

41\. This issue can be disposed of quickly. There is no doubt in my mind that
the information was given by Stratech to JPR and GPS in circumstances which
imposed an obligation of confidence. The information was given by Stratech for
specific purposes. For JPR, it was to assist them in deciding on the
installation of the ICPS at Jurong Point and later, in the actual installation
and implementation of the JP system. As for GPS, it was to enable them to
decide on whether to install the ICPS at Guthrie House as well. The
information was highly technical and would have been useful to anybody
interested in building a similar system. Stratech clearly intended to protect
the information when they marked the documents "Confidential" and "Patent
Pending" before forwarding them to the respective parties. Leong, who had
received the documents and the information therein on behalf of JPR and GPS,
had certainly understood the duty of confidentiality that was imposed. When
cross-examined by counsel for Stratech about whether the GH proposal had been
shown to Ledbury, Leong stated that he did not and would not have done that
because it would have been morally and legally wrong to do so. He admitted
that the documents were marked "Confidential" and that he had felt a duty to
protect the documents as confidential.

**_

Unauthorised use

_**

42\. I now deal with what is at the end of the day the main inquiry in this
case, that is, whether the confidential information had been misused by GPS
and MM to the detriment of Stratech. Stratechs claim is one that is based on
inferences to be drawn from the facts. They have not adduced any direct
evidence of misuse but that is hardly unusual in cases of this kind. A
plaintiff in a position such as Stratech would often find it difficult to
prove the actual commission of the breach or actual misuse and the way to
establish ones case would be through highlighting the tell-tale signs of
striking similarities, especially in unique features, that exist between the
plaintiffs and the defendants products. That was the approach of Stratech. The
issue is best approached by dealing with critical features of the two systems.

**_

Similarities between the ICPS and the GH system

_**_

(i) System architecture

_

43\. It is contended by Stratech that the system architecture of the GH system
is highly similar to the ICPSs. On the other hand, Lu and Richard Goh asserted
that there are fundamental differences between the two system architectures.
Put simply, the alleged main distinction is that under the ICPS, the
processing of the licence plate number image, calculation of the entry/exit
times and the respective parking charges and other processes are all done at a
single processor called the ICPS processor; whereas under the GH system, the
processing is done in two steps in two processors the Number Plate Recognition
(NPR) processor and the payment station processor. The NPR processors only
processes the image of the licence plate number while the payment station
processor is responsible for the other functions. Richard Gohs evidence is
that the separation of the processes into two steps is an important
difference. The GH system involved an integration of two sub-systems, namely,
Optasias and Wei Longs, and the two systems were based on different operating
systems and it would actually have been more difficult and time-consuming if
they had attempted to design the architecture such that all the functions were
performed in a single processor. Further, changing the functions to be carried
out at each processor could significantly affect the performance of the
overall system. Kennedy Chews evidence is that this is a distinction without a
real difference. He drew an analogy with an assembly line of parts to be done
\- getting two persons to perform what one person was doing does not result in
a fundamental change in the system. He then referred to the drawing of the
system architecture for the GH system and pointed out that if some of the
wires were manipulated and extended, then the system architecture would
effectively be the same as that for ICPS.

44\. In the course of the proceedings, it came to light that there was
actually another processor that is involved in the system architecture. Both
the ICPS and the GH system have an additional "Parking Administration
Workstation" and "Management Station" respectively. Stratech allege that Lus
evidence on the system architecture is contradictory. In his written
affidavit, he made no mention of the Management Station but brought it up
suddenly during his oral testimony. Qian Lei, an engineer with Wei Long, who
designed the software of the GH system, also supposedly described a system
that is different from Lus description. Stratech argue that it is suspicious
why the Management Station was only mentioned during the witnesses cross-
examination but not in their affidavits and this, coupled with the
contradictions, lead to the inference that the witnesses for GPS and MM are
not entirely forthright.

45\. In my judgment there are fundamental differences in the system
architecture of the GH system and Stratechs ICPS. The analogy drawn by Kennedy
Chew with an assembly line of parts is not accurate or suitable for the
division of functions between computer processors. Limiting or expanding on
the number and/or type of functions to be performed by each computer processor
would in fact significantly affect the way the system worked. If one computer
had to perform all the functions when it had not been designed to, it would
adversely affect the overall performance of the whole system. I find the
explanation given by the defence to be entirely consistent with their case
that the GH system is an integration of two discrete systems and hence the
image processing would naturally be taken care of b Optasias sub-system while
the other processes (eg. payment charges) would be handled by Wei Longs sub-
system. I do not think that the GH system had been described differently by
the different witnesses. As explained by Richard Goh, whose explanation I
accept, each sub-system runs on different operating systems (Optasias runs on
UNIX while Wei Longs runs on DOS), and trying to combine the functions into a
single step to be performed in one processor, although possible, would
effectively have been more troublesome since it would have required
significant modifications and adjustments to each of the sub-systems which had
been designed to perform only its own specialised functions. Kennedy Chews
attempt to highlight any similarities through the extension and manipulation
of the wires in the GH system does not convince me. The fact remains that the
wiring in the two systems are done differently and I am not persuaded that the
extension of the wires then shows that the systems are effectively the same. I
should also point out that other differences between the GH system and
Stratechs ICPS, in terms of the operating systems used as well as computer
specifications, can be observed. As mentioned earlier, Optasias NPR processor
uses UNIX while Wei Longs payment station processor uses DOS, as contrasted to
the ICPS which uses Windows NT. Wei Long uses a low specification 386
"diskette" industrial PC for his payment station processor whereas the ICPS
utilises a standard Pentium II 350 industrial PC. While Optasia also uses a
Pentium industrial PC for his NPR processor, this is hardly surprising when it
is shown that this was the type of processor he had been using for the Taiwan
system and the Sim Lim Square car park, even before the GH system was
installed. This cannot be regarded as an indicator of copying by Optasia.

46\. As for the supposedly suspicious introduction of the Management Station
during the defence witnesses oral testimonies, I find the contention by
Stratech unmeritorious. The comparison of the two system architectures was
made by comparing the ICPS processor (one) to the GH systems NPR processor and
payment station processor (two). When Kennedy Chew was cross-examined on this
issue, he did not dispute this description of the ICPS and neither did he make
any reference to the Parking Administration Workstation in the ICPS to say
that there are actually two, and not one, processors involved in the ICPS. He
merely tried to explain that the difference depicted by the defence was not a
fundamental one. In any event, it was clear from Lus evidence that the
performance of the GH system is not dependent upon the Management Station
because Lu had specially designed his system with a "back up" feature, such
that if the Management Station should breakdown or be switched off
(accidentally or otherwise), the necessary functions can still be performed by
the NPR processor and the payment station processor. Further, it appears to me
that the Management Station in the GH system is similar to the Parking
Administration Workstation in the ICPS, or at least Stratech did not seem to
have contended otherwise. If the Management Station should be discussed as
part of the system architecture, then similarly, the Parking Administration
Workstation would also have to be considered. The end result is effectively
still the same since the ICPS would still only have two processors (the ICPS
processor and the Parking Administration Workstation) as opposed to the GH
system which uses three (the NPR processor, the payment station processor and
the Management Station).

_

(ii) Grace Period

_

47\. Under the ICPS installed at Jurong Point (ie. the JP system), there is a
grace period feature for motorists whereby they are given free access for a
number of minutes, although the evidence is unclear on the exact amount of
time allocated as the grace period. A grace period feature was also mentioned
in Stratechs GH proposal. In Lus affidavit of evidence-in-chief, he stated
that in contrast, the GH system did _not_ have a grace period feature and all
motorists using the GH car park are charged based on the time spent in the car
park. During the trial, evidence was adduced by Stratech to show that the GH
system did in fact have a five minute grace period. Leong explained in his
oral testimony that the GH system had the capability of incorporating a grace
period but that it was a management decision not to give any grace period and
instead to charge motorists on a per minute basis. The supposed five minute
"grace period" could be due to the clocks determining the entry time and exit
time, which should have been synchronised but were out of synchronisation by
five minutes. Lu, during his cross-examination, confirmed that the system did
in fact have the capability of setting grace period parameters but that the
management for Guthrie House had chosen to set it at zero. Evidence was then
adduced on behalf of Stratech to show that the grace period in Guthrie House
could not have been due to the clocks being out of synchronisation, since a
motorist who stayed in the GH car park for a period of six minutes was still
being charged for the full six minutes, and not for only one minute which
should have been the case if the clocks were indeed out of synchronisation by
five minutes. On such evidence, Lu conceded that this showed that the grace
period parameters must have been set to five minutes, whether or not
intentionally. Lu was, however, contradicted later by Qian Leis evidence, who
claimed that he had just inspected the GH system and the grace period
parameters and found it still to be set at zero. Qian Lei then reiterated the
explanation that the clocks for the entry/exit times were out of
synchronisation by five minutes.

48\. Based on the inconsistencies in the evidence given by Leong, Lu and Qian
Lei on the grace period feature, as well as their inability to properly
explain their contradictions, it is contended by Stratech that this is an
obvious tell-tale sign of the GH system having been copied from the ICPS.
Stratechs manual for the ICPS must have been taken and copied "lock, stock and
barrel" by Wei Long and the supposed designer of the system did not even
realise that there was such as feature as the grace period, which Stratech had
specially included into the system. Stratech argue that this must have been
the reason why Lu initially said that there was no grace period feature in the
GH system.

49\. In the beginning, this was an issue that I did not consider to be
particularly helpful to Stratechs case. Despite what they may wish to claim
about the grace period being a unique feature which they had specially
designed into the ICPS, there is no denying that it is already a well-
recognised attribute of many existing conventional car parks. I do not believe
that any argument can be made that the presence of such a feature in the GH
system, by itself, can be an indicator of breach by GPS. However, I am
compelled to acknowledge that the evidence given by the defence witnesses in
this area is somewhat unsatisfactory, hence requiring a more in-depth
consideration of the issue. After examining the evidence in careful detail, I
find that the GH system, as it is presently functioning, does in fact have a
grace period of 5 minutes. Notwithstanding that, I also find that the GH
system, when it was first installed, did not have a grace period as a
management decision had been made not to give any free access but instead, to
charge motorists on a per minute basis. This was clearly evidenced in the
transaction reports generated by the GH system for the relevant period. I
believe that Lu intentionally designed the system with the capability of
setting a grace period and that his affidavit evidence dealt with the fact
that no grace period had been set and not with the systems capabilities. Why
the GH system now appears to have a five minute grace period cannot be
properly explained by the evidence. It could be a technical defect in the
system that has so far escaped the understanding of the system designers or
simply due to some human "error", but I do not see it necessary for the
purposes of the present case to determine the exact cause. At the end of the
day, I am not prepared to accept Stratechs arguments on this issue for the
reason that they cannot be reconciled with the objective evidence. If
Stratechs allegation that their software, as used in the JP system, was given
to and copied wholesale by Wei Long, then the GH system should have been the
same as the JP system and would have had a grace period feature right from the
day of its installation. This is because a grace period had been triggered for
the software in the JP system and this would have been directly copied into
the GH system and could not have been changed if Wei Long and GPS were unaware
of it. This is clearly not the case since the evidence showed that the grace
period for the GH system had been set at zero in the beginning and this was
the intended result of GPSs management decision.

_

(iii) Use of Licence Plate Recognition software

_

50\. The Licence Plate Recognition (LPR) software that is used by Stratech in
their ICPS is called GLIMPSE. This is a software licenced by Stratech from
Kent Ridge Digital Labs (KRDL), which is the research arm of the ISS that was
corporatised in 1998. According to Richard Goh, the LPR software used by
Optasia in the GH system is called IMPS, the proprietary rights of which
belongs to Optasia. IMPS was developed from the software that was used in the
Woodlands project and which had no proprietary name assigned to it then.
GLIMPSE and IMPS thus share the similarity that they are both based on
predecessor LPR softwares which were developed by ISS, now KRDL, and hence,
can be said to be from a common original source. Stratechs case is that the
fact that GLIMPSE is the LPR software used in the ICPS is useful information
since the recipient of the information can then save time and costs through
deducing that GLIMPSE, or at least LPR software originating from KRDL, would
be suitable for use in a car park system. They contend that such confidential
information was clearly misused by Mah in helping him to choose Optasia as the
company to provide the OCR technology. This is seen from Mahs cross-
examination where he stated that Optasia were selected because Ledbury had
wanted to use the LPR software from KRDL and other than Stratech, Optasia and
ST Electronics were the two other licencees of the software. Optasia were
chosen over ST Electronics based on pricing and their superior technical
competency. Stratech then submit that this is an obvious tell-tale sign of the
confidential information being misused because Mah could not have known that
the LPR software from KRDL would have been suitable for use in a car park
system, unless he had been given access to the confidential information. The
defences counter to this allegation is that, even prior to the development of
the ICPS which uses GLIMPSE, Optasia had already been using their own LPR
software, IMPS, in other car park systems such as the Sim Lim Square car park.

51\. I am unable to accept Stratechs contention on this point. It is not a
secret that KRDL develops OCR technology, in particular, software for LPR.
KRDLs LPR software has been in use at the Woodlands project even before the
ICPS was designed by Stratech. These are information which are known to people
who are in this field and can hardly be claimed to be confidential to
Stratech. In addition, the LPR software that was used by Optasia for the GH
system is not GLIMPSE at all but Optasias own LPR software, IMPS. Both GLIMPSE
and IMPS were developed at around the same time and in parallel, and while
GLIMPSE runs on a Windows operating system, IMPS runs on UNIX as an operating
system. Although they may have originated from the same predecessor software,
both have been modified significantly to be rightfully regarded as distinct
softwares with their own proprietary rights attached to them. The reason
Optasia did not use GLIMPSE is not because it was deduced from the
confidential information that the software is not suitable, which is one of
the allegations raised by Stratech, but because Optasia already had their own
LPR software and they had already previously used it in other car park systems
(e.g. the Taiwan system and the Sim Lim Square car park). It is also
undisputed that Mah was acquainted with Richard Goh since 1992 while the
latter was still working in ISS and was doing work related to OCR technology.
Mah was already familiar with Richard Gohs area of expertise. Taking all these
facts into consideration, I do not think that it was necessary at all for Mah
to have relied on the confidential information to select Optasia for providing
the OCR technology for the GH system.

_

(iv) Use of two cameras at the exit

_

52\. The next similarity highlighted by Stratech is the fact that two cameras
are used for the exit in the GH system to capture the image of the vehicles
licence plate number. Although the JP proposal had stated the use of only one
camera, the final installation of the JP system had involved two cameras and
in the GH proposal, two cameras had also been recommended. Richard Goh,
however, claims that the use of two cameras was entirely his own idea. His
experience with other car park systems, such as the car park at Sim Lim
Square, made it apparent to him that there was likely to be a tailgating
problem, which would then lead to the licence plate of the car being obscured,
a problem which could be overcome by adding a second camera. Richard Goh
further asserted in his affidavit that he had used two cameras at the exit for
his other earlier projects. This proved to be inaccurate though when he was
cross-examined on this point and he admitted that the other car park or
vehicular access systems he had worked on previously only used one camera per
lane for the exits.

53\. Whilst I am not entirely satisfied by Richard Gohs explanation for using
two cameras, especially his unwarranted claim with regard to his earlier
projects, I am not inclined to examine this issue just based on the number of
cameras used. In my view, it is unsafe to place too much significance on the
mere fact that the same number of cameras were used. The number of cameras
used is not an isolated factor but must be looked at in conjunction with other
factors relating to the cameras. As Kennedy Chew himself would put it, the
choice of camera, the location and placement of the camera, the angle used,
etc. are all important considerations which require detailed calculations.
There are a variety of reasons why two or even more cameras should be used and
they need not be the same for designers of different car park systems.
Ultimately, I am not convinced that there are enough similar factors to
indicate that confidential information was made use of by Optasia. The
specifications of the camera used were different, Optasias camera had a fixed
focal length of 18mm while Stratechs original JP proposal used one with 12mm,
and the revised JP proposal and the GH proposal had recommended a fixed focal
length of 25mm. Although Optasia used a 1/2" Charged Coupled Device (CCD)
camera in the GH system, which was similar to that recommended by Stratech in
the GH proposal, this cannot be interpreted against Optasia because the 1/2"
CCD camera was already used by them in their earlier projects, such as the
Taiwan system and Sim Lim Square car park. It is also not disputed that
Optasia had placed their cameras at different locations and at different
angles from that stated by Stratech in their proposals.

_

(v) Miscellaneous points of similarity

_

54\. I shall now deal briefly with several other points which Stratech allege
to be confidential and must have been misused by GPS and MM. Firstly, Kennedy
Chew claimed in his evidence that Ethernet is not commonly used to network car
park systems and the fact that the GH system also used Ethernet is telling.
However, this allegation lost much of its persuasive force, if any, when it
was shown that Lu had previously used Ethernet in his previous projects
involving car parks, namely, the car parks in the PSA building and the Tanjong
Pagar Complex. Secondly, transaction reports generated by the system were
referred to but evidence showed that the format of the transaction reports
produced by the GH system was quite different from that produced by the JP
system which Stratech installed. The use of LED displays was also brought up
by Stratech as a point of similarity. I find this an unconvincing argument
since Lu has sufficient experience in this area and the use of LED displays
cannot be foreign to him. Further, the manner of use of the LED display would
have been apparent to anyone who visited and observed the JP system after it
was installed. Finally, there were references to the pricing information and
lead time being confidential information but I certainly cannot find any
evidence of misuse by GPS and/or MM of such information and that much was
admitted by Kennedy Chew during his cross-examination.

**_

Timing

_**

55\. Other than drawing attention to the supposed similarities between the GH
system with their ICPS, Stratech also emphasised the fact that Ledbury, with
Optasia and Wei Long, took an extremely short time to set up the GH system.
They contend that this is very suspicious as they believe the GH system could
not possibly have been installed within such a short time when the parties did
not have the expertise to do so and the fact that it was done leads to the
inference that Ledbury, Optasia and Wei Long did not start from scratch and
must have made use of the confidential information. In support, it is
highlighted by Stratech that in the second half of 1999, the Guthrie group was
interested in forming a joint venture with them to market the system and as
late as October 1999, GPS issued a purchase order to Stratech to install the
ICPS at Guthrie House, despite GPSs claims that they were unhappy with the JP
system. Stratech submit that these are evidence that up to late 1999, GPS and
MM were not able to set up their own similar car park, yet suddenly, by early
March 2000, the GH system was installed.

56\. It seems to me that Stratech are under the misconception that everyone
else in the industry must be behind them in terms of the technology used in a
car park system such as the ICPS. But this is not necessarily true at all. It
may be true that Stratech were the first to implement the concept of a
"cashless" and "ticketless" car park system through the use of OCR technology
and NETS cash cards for payment. But, where it concerns the technology
involved in the separate aspects, as in the OCR technology and the NETS
payment system, Optasia and Wei Long appear to be much more experienced than
Stratech in these fields. Richard Goh of Optasia has been in the field of OCR
technology since 1992 and Optasia have been supplying their LPR software for
car park systems from late 1997 onwards. Lu also acquired vast experience on
car park systems during his time in Norva where he worked on as many as 13
projects for car park systems. Thus, I cannot find any grounds for the
allegation that Richard Gohs and Lus experience and expertise in their
respective fields are not relevant towards their work on the GH system. It did
not escape my notice that, by comparison, the JP system was Stratechs first
foray into the business of building and marketing car park systems and they
could not speak of much experience in this area either. If anything, it seems
to me that the short time that Optasia, Wei Long and Ledbury took to set up
the GH system testifies to their capabilities and experience in car park
systems and systems integration. Stratech themselves would have required about
four months to install the GH system and this was so even though they already
had the requisite know-how and had acquired valuable experience from
installing the JP system. If Optasia, Wei Long and Ledbury were truly as
inexperienced in car park systems as Stratech would make them out to be, then
even with reliance on the confidential information, they surely would have
taken at least the same amount of time, if not more, to complete the GH
system. Instead, the facts prove otherwise and they were able to do it within
two and half to three months and I find this to be consistent with the
defences assertions that Optasia and Wei Long were already familiar with the
respective sub-systems they were responsible for providing and Ledbury had no
problems integrating the two together.

**_

The "springboard" issue

_**_

(i) Lack of documentation

_

57\. Another argument raised by Stratech is that the lack of documentation
with respect to the project on the GH system is highly suspect and it is a
sign that the GH system was "springboarded" from the ICPS. The paper trail
must have been "wiped clean" so as to hide the facts showing misuse of the
confidential information by the parties. However, not all the tell-tale signs
were removed. In particular, Stratech referred to the letter of award for the
GH system that was issued by GPS to Ledbury on 13 December 1999. In this
letter of award, one of the few documents relating to the GH system, a special
condition was included in the following terms:

**

> 3 Special Condition

**

3.1 It is a condition of this agreement that M/s Ledbury Technologies Pte Ltd
shall undertake the maintenance of the Carpark system at Jurong Point should
the existing installer which is M/s Stratech Systems Pte Ltd fail to provide
the service required.

3.2 Cost and conditions for the maintenance and upkeep of Carpark system at
Jurong Point shall be similar to that of M/s Stratech Systems Pte Ltd.

58\. Stratech submit that this is a clear indication that GPS do not function
independently from JPR, otherwise GPS would not have contracted for the
benefit of JPR when the car park system in question was the GH system, which
was not any of JPRs concern. The same also applied to Ledbury vis--vis GPS and
confidential information must have been given to Ledbury since they could not
have agreed to such a condition being imposed without first knowing what are
the "costs and conditions" referred to in condition 3.2. They contend that the
inference to be drawn from all these facts is that confidential information
must have been passed by GPS to Ledbury, Optasia and Wei Long.

59\. GPS and MM deny that they had removed any paper trail at all. The
explanation for the dearth of written documentation was that the GH system was
a design and build project and for such projects, GPS were more concerned with
the end results and how the "product" functioned. Mah of Ledbury also
clarified that the GH system was only a small scale project for them and there
was not much need for documentation. The amount, which was about $70,000, was
not a large sum and the work was completed in a short time. As for the special
condition referred to in the letter of award, Leong said they included that
condition because they were already dissatisfied with the performance of the
JP system then and were concerned about protecting the interest of the Guthrie
group as a whole. Nothing confidential was given to Ledbury since the
situation contemplated in the condition had not arisen yet. Mah confirmed that
the question of the "costs and conditions" was never discussed and he did not
see the need to find out. Mah interpreted the clause quite widely and
understood it to mean that Ledbury were free to propose their own costing and
conditions since the clause did not require them to be exactly the same as
Stratechs.

60\. As regards this issue, I am not prepared to draw any adverse inferences
against GPS and MM. I find Stratechs allegation against them of having
tampered with the paper evidence rather speculative. There are no real grounds
for supporting such an accusation. It is not unusual to find businessmen
dispensing with the need for written documentation of their dealings. This is
even more likely when one is dealing with companies which belong to the same
group and share common interests. However, such a practice should not be taken
to mean that the parties are not operating at arms length. In any event, I
find that there was in fact proper documentation of the main agreement and
quotations were prepared by the various parties and proper letters of award
were issued. I observe that for the business dealings between Stratech with
JPR and GPS, the documentation were mainly provided by Stratech and there is
no evidence to suggest positively that this was a requirement by JPR and GPS
which was later mysteriously disregarded for Ledbury. The fact that Stratech
chose to document their projects in specific details does not mean that the
same should be expected of other parties who deal with GPS and MM. I accept
the reason given by Leong and Mah as to why the special condition was inserted
into the letter of award for the GH system. In the light of all the
circumstances, it seems to be a logical explanation.

_

(ii) Role of Martin Chew

_

61\. Next, Stratech sought to highlight the role which Martin Chew played in
the two projects relating to the JP system and the GH system. Martin Chew is
employed by GPS and he was the project manager for the installation of the GH
system. He called for bids for the project and was the recipient of Ledburys
quotation for the GH system. However, he was also involved in supervising the
trial for the JP system that was conducted at Guthrie House. Stratech contend
that Martin Chew must have been given a copy of the JP proposal and JP system
requirements in order to supervise the trial of the system at Guthrie House.
The information that Martin Chew acquired from there was then used,
intentionally or subconsciously, when he later became in charge of the GH
system. This showed that there was a free flow of information from within the
Guthrie group of companies and the GH system was thereby "springboarded" from
the JP system.

62\. Leong did not dispute the role played by Martin Chew in the installations
of both the JP system and the GH system. He admitted that Martin Chew had
played a major role in relation to the GH system. However, he disagreed that
Martin Chew was given a copy of the JP proposal and the system requirements
when he supervised the trial of the JP system at Guthrie House. It is claimed
that Martin Chew was merely there to ensure that the system functioned
smoothly and nothing was done which might affect the operations of the Guthrie
House itself. There was no need to give him any of the information relating to
the JP system as he was not involved in the technical aspects of the project.
Consistent evidence was given by Martin Chew himself, who testified that he
was only carrying out his duties as the property manager of Guthrie House.

63\. I fail to see how this point really furthers Stratechs arguments on
misuse by GPS and MM. It is clear that Martin Chew did not play a technical
role in the two projects. He was generally in charge of overseeing the
property management of the Guthrie House. I accept the evidence that it was
not necessary for Martin Chew to have access to any confidential information
as he was not concerned with the technical aspects of the JP system but more
on how the trial might affect the normal operations of the Guthrie House. This
was also the same for the GH system. My view is buttressed by the evidence
given by Richard Goh when he was cross-examined about whether he had dealt
with Martin Chew in the course of installing the GH system. Richard Gohs
candid reply was that Martin Chew did not deal with him on the technical
details of the system but was responsible for the operations aspects such as
whether the system is aesthetically pleasing.

64\. Ultimately, it must be remembered that it was not GPS who built and
installed the GH system. The work had been contracted to Ledbury who in turn,
sub-contracted Optasia and Wei Long to perform the job. Martin Chew, even if
he had acquired any confidential information, did not make use of it to help
build the car park system. This is an important distinguishing factor from
other cases where the courts found that the defendants had made use of
confidential information to "springboard" themselves ahead to the detriment of
the plaintiffs. One of the cases that is cited by Stratech in support of their
claim is _Terrapin Ltd v Builders Supply Company (Hayes) Ltd and Others_
[1967] RPC 375. The facts of this case, briefly, were that the defendants were
licenced to manufacture prefabricated portable buildings (the Mark 24)
designed by the plaintiffs. Under this agreement, confidential information on
the design, full manufacturing details, specifications and relevant technical
information and know-how were communicated by the plaintiffs to the
defendants. An improvement to the design of the Mark 24 was later made by the
plaintiffs who disclosed this in confidence to the defendants. However, not
long after, the licence agreement came to an end and was not continued. Soon
after the termination of the agreement, the defendants then started to offer,
in competition with the plaintiffs, a similar prefabricated building which
incorporated numerous features of the plaintiffs original as well as the
improved design. The plaintiffs sued successfully for breach of confidence. It
was proven that an employee, one Mr Chambers, who was allegedly responsible
for the defendants design had previously supervised the manufacture of the
Mark 24 while the licence agreement was still subsisting. It was held there
that the confidential information must have been made use of by the
defendants, even if albeit unintentionally. Justice Roxburgh said, at p.390:

> Mr Chambers returned from abroad in November 1957, he took charge of this
> workshop and of the production of the Mark 24, which was already in full
> swing. He was the heart and centre of it all. He personally has sworn that
> although he had access to the drawing and specifications, he did not use
> them. This might be because his staff did, but it might be that neither did
> because Mr Chambers knew every stage in the actual production of the Mark 24
> unit, which was going on day by day under his very nose, and, accordingly,
> his mind must have been saturated with every detail of its design, features
> and methods of construction; and if his mind was so saturated from observing
> the work in progress on the manufacture of Mark 24 buildings, obviously that
> information was either directly or indirectly derived from the original
> confidential communications made by the plaintiffs to the first defendants.
> Moreover, upon what were Mr Chambers first efforts now directed? to improve
> the floor of the Mark 24; not to make some new building unit. If, therefore,
> his mind was not already saturated with the Mark 24, his efforts to improve
> it must assuredly have completed that process. There is no better way of
> really understanding something than to try and improve it, and if you
> produce a different result, it is absurd to say that you made no use of the
> thing which you set out to improve.

65\. The facts of the present case may appear to bear some similarities to the
_Terrapin_ case but there are significant factors which distinguish the
earlier case from ours. In the present case, GPS and MM were not the ones who
designed and built the GH system. In fact, they do not appear to be interested
in the making or installation of car park systems and have not claimed to have
such expertise themselves. Their interest is in the marketing of such systems.
In both the JP system and the GH system, JPR and GPS were respectively the
"customers" buying the car park system and not the suppliers. As a customer,
GPS are fully entitled to engage independent contractors to provide a system
similar to that installed at Jurong Point. There was no need for them to
misuse the confidential information and they are not shown to have done so.

**_

Evidence of Richard Goh and Lu Youming

_**

66\. Finally, Stratech sought to attack the veracity of the two defence
witnesses, Richard Goh and Lu. It is alleged that Richard Goh is an interested
party who is prone to exaggeration and misleading statements. He is not as
experienced as he claims himself to be and he often commented on matters which
he was not involved in. Little weight should be given to his evidence since he
did not have the relevant experience in similar car park systems and is not
really qualified in this area. As for Lu, Stratech sought to cast doubt on his
integrity and credibility by pointing out that his evidence was not very
consistent. It is submitted that the "Cashpark/Epark" proposal which Lu
allegedly conceptualised never existed and it is dubious why no mention of it
was ever made in Lus affidavit. It is further argued by Stratech that an
adverse inference should be drawn against GPS and MM for failing to call one
Loh Yew Fatt (Loh) to give evidence on their behalf. The said Loh was the
project manager in Ledbury who was directly in charge of the project on the GH
system. He was the main person in Ledbury who was involved in the project and
had worked closely with Richard Goh and Lu. Even though he had left Ledbury
and was no longer in the employment of the Guthrie group, there was no reason
why he could not be called as a witness, especially since he had personal
first-hand knowledge on the situation.

67\. Having had the benefit of watching the witnesses give evidence and
testing their credibility and veracity on the stand, I find both Richard Goh
and Lu to be honest and forthcoming witnesses. They were helpful in their
evidence and were able to explain clearly their involvement in the
installation of the GH system. As mentioned earlier, I have no doubt about
their expertise in their fields of practice and I am convinced that it was
their relevant experience and technical know-how which enabled them to perform
their respective tasks in the installation of the GH system. I agree that
there were some unsatisfactory lapses in their evidence and that there may
have been some mis-statements on their part but in my view, these are minor
and are not crucial to the defences case. The same deficiency could be said of
the evidence given by Kennedy Chew, the main witness for Stratech. Regarding
the point about the defence not calling Loh, I am not disposed in the
circumstances to draw any adverse inferences. An adverse inference should only
be drawn if the failure to call the witness amounted to a withholding of
evidence. In this case, while Lohs evidence would probably have been useful,
he was not a material witness as Mah was sufficiently able to speak for
Ledburys position in this entire transaction. Furthermore, Loh had left the
employment of the Guthrie group and it was not as if the failure to call him
as a witness was totally without reason.

**_

Conclusions on the claim for breach of confidence

_**

68\. In all the circumstances, I find that Stratech have not proven a case
against GPS and MM for breach of confidence. Although I am satisfied that the
information concerned with was confidential in nature and was given in
circumstances which imposed an obligation of confidence on the recipients, I
am of the view that there was no breach of this duty as there had been no
misuse by GPS or MM of the information. The main weakness in Stratechs case
was that it was overly speculative and depended too heavily on inferences
which the court is unable to draw objectively based on the evidence. The
similarities pointed out by Stratech are not that striking or significant as
to indicate copying of Stratechs ICPS. Furthermore, the similarities were
credibly explained for by the defence witnesses. This case is unlike that of
_Creative Technology Ltd v Aztech Systems Pte Ltd_ [1997] 1 SLR 621 where a
case of copyright infringement of a computer program was successfully
established. There, the defendants had copied even the design flaws, errors
and unessential features in the plaintiffs program and there were startling
similarities in numerous features between the two programs, including the
coding of some parts of the program which were almost identical. The
coincidence could not be properly explained for and clearly represented
"fingerprints" which gave away the defendants act of infringement. This is not
the case here. On the contrary, I find that there are considerable differences
in the GH system and the ICPS so as to justify a finding that they are two
distinct systems. To reiterate, some of the differences between the two
systems include the system architecture, the LPR software used, the type of
operating system used, the type of cameras and the transaction reports
generated. If Optasia and Wei Long were as inexperienced as Stratech made them
out to be and had to rely on confidential information, then surely there would
not have been so many important differences between the GH system and the ICPS
and a lot more indicators of copying would have shown up.

69\. Accordingly, I find that there was no communication of any of the
confidential information by GPS and MM to Ledbury, Optasia and/or Wei Long as
there was no need to. The GH system was built independently through the
expertise of Ledbury, Optasia and Wei Long.

**_

Passing Off

_**

70\. Turning now to Stratechs other claim of passing off by GPS and MM, their
case is one of inverse passing off, that is, GPS and MM have passed off the
ICPS as their own system. The law of passing off was considered and dealt with
by the local Court of Appeal in the case of _Tessensohn t/a Clea Professional
Image Consultants v John Robert Powers School Inc & Ors _[1994] 3 SLR 308.
After citing with approval _Erven Warnick BV v J Townend & Sons _[1979] 2 All
ER 927 and _Reckitt & Colman Products v Borden Inc_ [1990] 1 All ER 927, it
was held that these cases establish that there are three essential elements to
the tort of passing off. The three elements can be summarised as follows:

> (i) goodwill attached to the plaintiffs goods or services;
>
> (ii) a misrepresentation that the plaintiffs goods or services are the
> defendants; and
>
> (iii) damage to the plaintiffs goodwill as a result of the misrepresentation

71\. The main issue here is whether GPS and/or MM had misrepresented the ICPS
to be their own. The facts which Stratech are relying on to establish passing
off are the meetings which the hired private investigators, Chong and Gan, had
with Martin Chew and Kirk. The meeting with Martin Chew took place on 13 July
2000 at the Guthrie House car park. Chong had asked Martin Chew some questions
while Gan was secretly filming the Guthrie House car park system. Gan was not
able to give any useful evidence in this area as he was busy filming and did
not hear what Martin Chew had said. In his affidavit, Chong stated that Martin
Chew had, on that occasion, claimed that GPS installed the same car park
system at Guthrie House, Jurong Point and Craig Place. When Chong was cross-
examined on this point, he then clarified that Martin Chew did not say that
GPS had installed the systems. What was actually said was that the same system
was also installed at Jurong Point and Craig Place. Martin Chew admitted that
he had said the same system as Guthrie House had been installed at Jurong
Point and Craig Place. However, he claimed that he had specifically stated
that the Jurong Point had a car park system but it was not done by any of the
companies in the Guthrie group. This was denied by Chong.

72\. The evidence on this meeting is difficult to assess. It is essentially
one persons word against another and as Chong and Gan were not entirely
consistent in their evidence, I am not convinced by their version of the
facts. Even if I am to accept that Martin Chew had only said that the same
system was installed at Jurong Point and did not clarify that the system was
not built by the Guthrie companies, I remain reluctant to find that this
amounted to a misrepresentation that would constitute passing off. Martin Chew
had made it clear that he was not the person they should speak to and he was
obviously only introducing the system in general terms. As such, he may not
have been very careful with the use of his words. The "same system" could have
just been a loose term used by Martin Chew to refer to the same type of
"cashless" and "ticketless" system which made use of OCR technology and
payment by NETS cash cards. It is apparent that on that occasion, Chong and
Gan were only making general inquiries and were not asking for detailed
information, such as on the specifications of the system, who had designed it
and who was the owner of the system. Indeed, there was no evidence that Martin
Chew had said that the Guthrie group were the ones who came up with the system
at Jurong Point or that they were the first to come up with such a system, for
such a claim would clearly be a misrepresentation.

73\. The other incident relied upon is the meeting between Chong and Gan with
Kirk on 14 July 2000, which took place in an office in Guthrie House. A video
recording of the meeting was made and the relevant portions were played and
viewed in court. Having watched carefully the video recording and heard the
statements made by Kirk in the meeting, I am of the view that there was also
no misrepresentation made by Kirk. I reproduce the relevant extracts of the
recorded meeting here:

> [P.I Private Investigator; K Kirk]
>
> K : This one [i.e. the GH system] is the second generation that you see. The
> first generation is in Jurong Point.
>
> K : The first system was installed sometime September last year, it was
> first installed in Jurong Point, the very first system. But the system is no
> good. We improve over the year. We are moving in to upgrade the system,
> taking away the program and putting in another program.
>
> P.I : Oh you mean, there are actually competitors also?
>
> K : Yes, there are competitors in the market, there some competitors using
> this program but they are not so
>
> P.I : But youre the pioneers, actually?
>
> K : We are not really the pioneer, ok, we are not really the pioneer. But we
> are more advanced than them because we put in effort and money to push
> forward. They are not very keen because they want to do other thing. They
> said car parks - peanuts, so they dont want, so we push forward.

The statements made by Kirk during the meeting must be viewed in their
entirety. Kirk had clearly said that the Guthrie group were not the pioneers.
The consequence of this is that the Guthrie group could not have been
responsible for the "first generation" of the car park system which had been
installed at Jurong Point. I also noticed that Kirk had been eager to point
out the differences between Guthries system and the earlier ones by pointing
out the deficiencies in the previous system. That would have been a highly
unlikely approach one would have adopted when dealing with a product that one
was responsible for.

74\. Several other instances of alleged misrepresentation by GPS and MM were
also cited by Stratech, but these were all either based on hearsay evidence or
were completely unsubstantiated allegations which could not justify a finding
of passing off. Accordingly, I make no findings on these bare assertions.

**_

Conclusion

_**

75\. On the evidence as a whole and for all the aforesaid reasons, I find that
Stratech are also unable to establish a claim against GPS and MM for passing
off. In the result, Stratechs action against GPS and MM fails and is dismissed
with costs.

Lai Kew Chai

Judge

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Apr 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

