Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Cheong Choon Bin v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGHC 255

Case Number | : | MA 76/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 September 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Allan Tan Chwee Wan (Sim Mong Teck & Partners) for the appellant; Toh Yung Cheong (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Cheong Choon Bin — Public Prosecutor   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – CourPower of appellate court to overturn trial
judge's findings of fact – Relevant considerations – Whether any reason to
interfere with trial judge's findings of fact  
  
Immigration – Statutory definition of 'employ' – Circumstances when person
deemed employer – Whether substance or form of employer-employee relationship
important – s 2 Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Ed)  
  
Immigration – Standard of due diligence after amendments to Immigration Act –
Employer's duty to check immigration status of foreign employees – Whether
employer's statutory duty and responsibility delegable – Whether relevant that
employment done by third party – ss 57(9) & 57(10) Immigration Act (Cap 133,
1997 Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – 'Employ' – s 2 Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Ed)  
  

: The appellant was charged and convicted under s 57(1)(e) of the Immigration
Act (Cap 133, 1997 Ed) (`the Act`) on three counts of employing immigration
offenders. He was sentenced to ten months` imprisonment on each charge, and
pursuant to s 18 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68), two of the terms of
imprisonment were ordered to run consecutively. I dismissed his appeal against
conviction and now give my reasons below.  
  
**_The facts_**

****

The appellant`s company, C & B General Services & Trading Pte Ltd (`C & B`),
held the contract for cleaning and gardening works at Good Luck Garden
Condominium (`Good Luck Garden`). On 15 February 2000, police officers
conducted a raid on Good Luck Garden. Four male persons, all wearing T-shirts
bearing the legend `C & B General Services & Trading Pte Ltd` were arrested.
The arrested persons included three Sri Lankan nationals - Laxman Pradeep
(PW5), Ruwan Pradeep (PW6) and Jerad Neil (PW7) (collectively, `the Sri Lankan
witnesses`) - who were subsequently convicted of entering Singapore unlawfully
and who were the subjects of the three charges against the appellant.  
  
**_The prosecution`s case_**

****

The prosecution alleged that the appellant`s employment of the Sri Lankan
witnesses was pursuant to a contract made between C & B and the estate
managers of Good Luck Garden, which obliged C & B to provide six cleaners and
three gardeners - making a total of nine workers - at Good Luck Garden.
Although the contract in existence at the date of the police raid was for the
period of 1 May 1999 to 30 April 2000, the prosecution was able to adduce
evidence to show that C & B had held the cleaning contract at Good Luck Garden
prior to 1999. Yap Sieh Wah (PW1), an employee of the estate managers of Good
Luck Garden, testified that he had seen the Sri Lankan witnesses, dressed in
the C & B uniform, working at Good Luck Garden. PW1 further testified that he
had seen the appellant taking the C & B workers to Good Luck Garden, and that
he had seen the appellant there almost every month.  
  
PW5 and PW6 testified that they had worked as cleaners at Good Luck Garden
between August 1999 and February 2000, while PW7 testified that he had worked
there part-time as a gardener between December 1998 and February 1999, and
full-time from February 1999 until February 2000. All three had been
introduced to a Sri Lankan named `Banda` by fellow Sri Lankans, and it was
Banda who recruited them to work at Good Luck Garden. Banda also appeared to
be the main overseer at Good Luck Garden. Likewise, it was Banda who told PW6
that the appellant was his employer.  
  
However, both PW5 and PW6 testified that their monthly salaries of $700 each
were paid to them by the appellant, save for one occasion when PW6 was paid by
Tan Hin Lee (PW4), one of the appellant`s employees. PW7 gave evidence that
although he received his salary of $700 from various persons, it was the
appellant who paid him his salary on four or five occasions. PW7 also
testified that he had seen PW4 bring to Good Luck Garden the equipment used by
the foreign workers. Finally, PW5 stated that the appellant did not speak to
him, apart from paying him his salary, while PW7 testified that, on the
occasions when the appellant paid him, he never asked to see any of PW7`s
identification papers.  
  
PW4, who had worked for C & B between June 1998 and September 1999, testified
that he would be sent at times to Good Luck Garden to pay the workers`
salaries, which were in the form of cheques signed by the appellant and which
PW4 encashed before paying the workers in cash. The workers had to sign
payment vouchers when they were paid. PW4 claimed to have asked the workers
for their identification documents, although he had not pursued the matter
when they did not produce the documents. PW4 further testified that C & B
supplied equipment for the use of the workers, and that he had made some
deliveries of equipment himself. He had seen PW7 doing gardening work during
one of his visits to Good Luck Garden, although he could not recognise PW5 or
PW6.  
  
PW4 and the Sri Lankan witnesses were also recalled as the appellant claimed
to have four witnesses (`the Bangladeshi witnesses`) who had worked at Good
Luck Garden between February and July or August 1999. The Sri Lankan witnesses
testified that they were unfamiliar with these Bangladeshi witnesses. On the
other hand, PW4 testified that while two of the Bangladeshis were unfamiliar
to him, the other two, one `Islam` and one `Haman`, had been employed by C & B
on the HDB grass-cutting teams. PW4 also testified that Islam had been
deployed to Good Luck Garden as a grass-cutter occasionally.  
  
**_The defence_**

****

The appellant gave evidence on his own behalf. He testified that Banda was the
supervisor of the foreign workers at Good Luck Garden. He had employed Banda
because Banda had previously worked for the sub-contractor who carried out the
cleaning and gardening services, and the management corporation of Good Luck
Garden had `told` him to retain Banda. Salaries were usually paid by PW4 or
another C & B employee, and between May 1999 and February 2000, he had paid
salaries to the workers at Good Luck Garden on only two occasions at most.  
  
The appellant further claimed to be unaware of the exact identities of the
foreign workers he employed to work at Good Luck Garden, as well as the day-
to-day situation there, as he was often away on business in Cambodia during
that period. Nevertheless, he claimed to be certain that on the day of the
raid, ie 15 February 2000, only legal foreign workers were employed at Good
Luck Garden. Finally, he claimed that he had never seen the Sri Lankan
witnesses before.  
  
Finally, the appellant called the Bangladeshi witnesses, who testified that
they did not know the Sri Lankan witnesses.  
  
**_The decision below_**

****

The district judge noted that since **Tamilkodi s/o Pompayan v PP** [1999] 1
SLR 702 , the manner of remuneration and the degree of control exercised by
the alleged employer over the worker continued to be significant
considerations in determining the existence of an employment relationship.
However, these were not the only considerations that the court would take
cognizance of. The district judge found the following factors to be relevant
in deciding that an employment relationship did exist between the appellant
and the Sri Lankan witnesses:

(1) that the appellant held the cleaning contract at Good Luck Garden at the
material time and was expected to pay his workers out of the contract sum;

(2) that it was the appellant`s responsibility to ensure that the contracted
number of workers was present to carry out the works;

(3) that the Sri Lankan witnesses were engaged in carrying out the cleaning
and gardening works at Good Luck Garden;

(4) that the equipment used by the workers was provided by C & B; and

(5) that the appellant paid the workers` salaries.  
  
In making the above findings, the district judge preferred the evidence of the
prosecution witnesses to that of the defence witnesses. She took the view that
there was no reason for the Sri Lankan witnesses to lie about having worked at
Good Luck Garden, and also rejected the attempt by the appellant to discredit
PW4 as the appellant`s allegations of a bad relationship with PW4 had not been
put to PW4 when he was on the stand.  
  
On the other hand, the district judge rejected the testimony of the
Bangladeshi witnesses for being inconsistent and `suspiciously vague`. For
example, the Bangladeshi witnesses provided completely different accounts of
the way in which they entered Good Luck Garden to work, although they were
supposed to have been sent to work together every day. Moreover, she did not
consider the Bangladeshi witnesses entirely disinterested. This was because
three of them were still working for the appellant while the fourth had only
recently left the appellant`s employ after working for him for a prolonged
period.  
  
Finally, the district judge found the appellant to be completely lacking in
credibility. She found it to be inconsistent that he should claim to be
incapable of recognising every single one of his workers, while at the same
time asserting that the Sri Lankan witnesses had never worked at Good Luck
Garden. Furthermore, although both the appellant and the Sri Lankan witnesses
were agreed on the fact that the workers were required to sign payment
vouchers when they were paid, the appellant was unable to produce any of this
material evidence. On the other hand, he was able to produce documents which
were clearly in his favour. Finally, the district judge found it to be
suspicious that the period during which the appellant claimed to have had
least contact with Good Luck Garden was the same period during which the Sri
Lankan witnesses were employed there. All in all, she found the appellant`s
testimony to be evasive and disingenuous, `retreat[ing] behind a smokescreen
of convenient excuses which included his supposed lack of time and the poor
state of his office records`.  
  
In finding that the Sri Lankan witnesses were employed by the appellant, the
district judge noted that there was no close contact between them and the
appellant. Nevertheless, she did not find this to be fatal to the
prosecution`s case, as the nature of the work undertaken by the Sri Lankan
witnesses did not require close supervision by the appellant. Moreover, `the
illegal workers had been cleaning the very premises the appellant was
contracted to clean, using cleaning equipment belonging to the appellant`.
Finally, the district judge was of the view that the arrangement in place at
Good Luck Garden, in which Banda had the most contact with the illegal
workers, mirrored the factual situation in **_Tamilkodi_** `s case (supra).
She found that the High Court`s conclusion in that case, viz that the minimal
contact was deliberate, in order to distance the accused in that case from the
illegal workers, was equally applicable to the appellant`s case.  
  
Having found that the actus reus of the offence had been made out against the
appellant, the district judge found that the mens rea had also been
established. He had reasonable grounds to believe that the Sri Lankan
witnesses had entered Singapore illegally, as they looked `distinctly non-
Singaporean`, yet he never once asked to see their identification papers. In
the circumstances, the appellant had been wilfully blind to the issue of the
Sri Lankan witnesses` immigration status. As it was clear from cases such as
**PP v Koo Pui Fong** [1996] 2 SLR 266  that wilful blindness was evidence
from which guilty knowledge could be inferred, it followed that it was also
evidence from which `reason to believe` could be inferred. The working
conditions set up at Good Luck Garden were such that there would be no need
for such steps to be taken unless the appellant knew of, or had reasonable
grounds to suspect, that the workers were illegal.  
  
The district judge duly convicted the appellant of all three charges.  
  
**_The appeal_**

****

I dealt with the grounds of appeal to this court under two broad categories:

(1) challenges to various findings of fact made by the district judge; and

(2) whether employment of the Sri Lankan witnesses by the appellant was
properly made out.  
  
**THE FINDINGS OF FACT**

The appellant`s challenges under this head centered on the various assessments
made by the district judge of the credibility of the prosecution and defence
witnesses, taking issue with the fact that the district judge preferred the
evidence of the prosecution witnesses to that of the defence witnesses.  
  
It is trite law that an appellate court will not disturb findings of fact made
by a trial court unless they are `clearly reached against the weight of the
evidence`: **Lim Ah Poh v PP** [1992] 1 SLR 713 . In relation to the
prosecution witnesses, I saw no reason to overturn the district judge`s
assessment of their credibility. The evidence of the Sri Lankan witnesses that
they worked at Good Luck Garden was corroborated by at least two witnesses, of
which one (PW1) was an employee of the estate managers of Good Luck Garden and
hence was an independent witness. As for the appellant`s attempt to discredit
the evidence of PW4 by alleging that he had a `strained` relationship with
PW4, I found that in this case the district judge had correctly applied the
principles established in **Browne v Dunn** [1893] 6 R 67, namely, not to give
much weight to the allegations, since they had never been put to PW4 on the
witness stand. I also noted that when PW4 had been cross-examined in the court
below on his relationship with the appellant, he had testified that their
working relationship was `average`.  
  
I was likewise reluctant to overturn the district judge`s assessment of the
evidence given by the appellant and the Bangladeshi witnesses. An appellate
court is slow to disturb a trial court`s findings of fact because the trial
judge has the benefit of seeing and hearing the witnesses in court. The
district judge in the present case had the opportunity to observe the
demeanour of both the Bangladeshi witnesses and appellant. She found the
appellant`s testimony to be `blatantly deceitful` and his explanations for not
producing material evidence to be `suspicious`. Her discounting of the
evidence of the Bangladeshi workers was not due solely to her assessment of
them as non-independent witnesses. Instead, she placed reliance on the fact
that their evidence was `suspiciously vague` and inconsistent.  
  
**WHETHER EMPLOYMENT OF THE WITNESSES BY THE APPELLANT WAS MADE OUT**

The appellant claimed that the employment by him of the Sri Lankan witnesses
had not been properly made out, placing reliance on the contention that it had
been Banda who told them that they could work at Good Luck Garden. Before me,
counsel for the appellant contended that this arrangement had not been devised
by the appellant in an attempt to distance himself from the Sri Lankan
witnesses. Instead, he contended that there was a possibility that the Sri
Lankan witnesses had been employed by Banda without the knowledge and consent
of the appellant. However, I found that a proper case for the appellant being
the employer of the Sri Lankan witnesses had been made out for the reasons
below.  
  
Section 2 of the Act defines `employ` to mean `to engage or use the service of
any person, whether under a contract of service or otherwise, with or without
remuneration`. I noted in both **Gay Yun Lin v PP** [1999] 1 SLR 547  and
**_Tamilkodi_** `s case (supra) that the effect of this definition is to deem
a person as the employer of another person so long as he uses the services of
the latter in the running of his business. It is also clear from **Lee Boon
Leong Joseph v PP** [1997] 1 SLR 445 , a case cited by the district judge in
her grounds of decision, that the substance of the employer-employee
relationship is more important than its form. As such, whether or not the Sri
Lankan witnesses identified the appellant as the `boss` would not be a
determining factor in relation to whether the requisite relationship existed
between them and the appellant.  
  
It was not denied in the trial below that C & B was obliged to provide
cleaning services at Good Luck Garden, nor was it disputed before me that the
equipment used by the workers belonged to C & B. I have held that the findings
of the district judge relating to the evidence of the prosecution witnesses
cannot be disturbed. In light of the foregoing, it was my view that the
appellant fell within the definition of `employ` in s 2 of the Act, and the
district judge was correct to find that he was the employer of the Sri Lankan
witnesses.  
  
Whether or not the actual task of recruitment of the foreign workers had been
carried out by a third party, in this case Banda, was not relevant. The duty
imposed by s 57(9) and (10) of the Act on an employer to exercise due
diligence to ensure that his employee is not an illegal worker is a non-
delegable responsibility. I decided in **Ramli bin Daud v PP** [1996] 3 SLR
225 , a case based on a version of s 57(10) which predates the 1998 amendments
to the Act, that the then-wording of s 57(10) required an employer to
personally examine a worker`s identification papers before he could be said to
have exercised due diligence. The 1998 amendments to the Act removed the word
`personally` from s 57(10). However, as I noted in **Mohamed Lukman bin Amoo v
PP** [1999] 4 SLR 292 , another case decided on the old wording of s 57(10),
the current version of s 57(10) `merely sets out in more detail the steps to
be taken by a person charged under [...] s 57(1)(e) of the Act`. This
interpretation of the changes made by the 1998 amendments is in line with a
ministerial statement by the Minister for Home Affairs on 9 May 2000, in which
the Minister stated that the 1998 amendments were intended `to update and
state clearly what the requirements are` with respect to the checks to be
carried out under s 57(10). As such, I would emphasise, notwithstanding the
absence of the word `personally` in the current version of s 57(10), that the
employer`s task of checking the identification papers of his foreign workers
remains a non-delegable one. An employer who fails to comply with s 57(10)
does so at his own peril.  
  
It was clear that such checks had never been carried out by the appellant, who
allegedly left it to Banda to conduct the checks, if indeed they were carried
out at all. Before me, counsel had argued that it would have been impossible
for the appellant to ascertain whether any of the workers present were illegal
workers unless he carried out the onerous task of conducting daily roll-calls.
The reason behind this contention was the claim that the appellant used
approximately 40 to 60 workers at any one time, and he would have no means of
ascertaining who were the particular workers on a particular day, or the exact
nature of their immigration status, unless he conducted a check of their
identification papers every day. I rejected this argument. Such a contention
only supported the district judge`s finding that the appellant had exhibited a
wilful blindness as to the legality of his foreign workers, for to run his
business in such a way clearly evinced a reckless disregard as to whether he
was employing illegal workers or not.  
  
The above finding also rendered irrelevant the appellant`s contention that the
district judge failed to consider whether the risks inherent in employing
foreign workers outweighed the monetary savings from employing them. It was
clear from the foregoing that the appellant simply did not care whether or not
his employees were illegal workers.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

For the foregoing reasons, I concluded that the appellant had been properly
convicted of the charges in the court below, and dismissed the appeal.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Sep 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

