Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Hun Hoe v Harte Denis Mathew  
[2001] SGCA 68

Case Number | : | CA 170/2000 ,171/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 October 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; L P Thean JA; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Dr Myint Soe and Mohamed Abdullah (MyintSoe Mohamed Yang & Selvaraj) for the appellant in CA 170/2000 and the respondent in CA 171/2000; Raj Singam, Edmund Kronenburg and Tan Siu-Lin (Drew & Napier) for the appellant in CA 171/2000 and the respondent in CA 170/2000   
Parties | : |  Tan Hun Hoe — Harte Denis Mathew   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Awarding costs to respondent despite failure to
establish appellant's negligence in operation – Whether appellate court should
interfere with order  
  
Damages – Appeals – Future medical expenses – Fertility treatment plus
medication – Number of cycles of treatment to be awarded – Hormone replacement
therapy – Consultation fees payable – Drug tests – Age up to which hormone
therapy should be allowed -Reduction of rate of discount  
  
Damages – Appeals – Loss of future earnings – Respondent on secondment to
Singapore office – Whether claim made out  
  
Damages – Measure of damages – Personal injuries cases – Atrophy of both
testes – Negligent post-operative care by doctor – Whether damages should be
enhanced – Whether court should discount assessed damages by 40% due to
respondent's own negligence  
  
Tort – Negligence – Claim involving personal injuries – Proof required of
plaintiff  
  

(delivering the judgment of the court): These are two related appeals arising
from a decision of the High Court which found a urologist and renal transplant
surgeon, Dr Tan Hun Hoe (`Dr Tan`), wanting in post-operative care of the
patient, Mr Harte, following an operation procedure known as `bilateral
varicocelectomy` carried out by Dr Tan at Gleneagles Hospital. Dr Tan was
found 60% liable for the atrophy of both the testes of Mr Harte due to his
post-operation negligence.  
  
Mr Harte is dissatisfied with the quantum of damages awarded by the High Court
and appeals to have the quantum enhanced. Dr Tan`s appeal relates to the order
on costs. The basis for Dr Tan`s appeal hinges on an offer he made to settle
and which far exceeded the sum which the court below eventually awarded to Mr
Harte. Although chronologically Dr Tan`s notice of appeal was filed earlier,
it is, however, expedient that we deal with Mr Harte`s appeal first.  
  
At the trial below, Mr Harte had also sued the Gleneagles Hospital for being
vicariously liable for the negligent acts of Dr Tan. It was clear on the
evidence that Dr Tan was never an employee or agent of the hospital. Dr Tan
ran his own private clinic. What he had was an arrangement with the hospital
which allowed him to use its facilities for operating on his private patients.
So there could be no question of the hospital being vicariously liable for the
acts of Dr Tan. In any event, Mr Harte`s claim against the hospital failed
because, as will be seen later, the operation carried out by Dr Tan in the
hospital was held to be without fault. The atrophy of the testes of Mr Harte
was brought about by post-operation causes which will be described later. The
court below thus dismissed his claim against the hospital with costs. There is
no appeal by Mr Harte against this dismissal.  
  
**_The background_**

****

Mr Harte, now aged 37, is a citizen of the United States. In 1989 he married
his wife, Mrs Michelle Lynn Harte. She is now 38. They were living in New
York. About five years after their marriage, they decided to start a family.
After trying for some two years, their wish could not be realised. So in April
1996, Mrs Harte consulted a gynaecologist, Dr James Jones, who in turn advised
Mr Harte to see a urologist, Dr Lawrence Dubin.  
  
The tests done by Dr Dubin showed that the quality of Mr Harte`s sperms was in
a sub-fertile range. This was due to poor morphology. Dr Dubin suggested that
Mr Harte undergo a surgical procedure known as a left varicocelectomy to
improve the sperm quality. The object of this procedure was to reduce the pool
of warm blood in the varicose veins surrounding the testes, which increased
the temperature in the spermatogonia and decreased the efficiency with which
they turned into spermatids. By ligating the appropriate number of varicose
veins in the scrotum, the pool of warm blood would be removed due to the
mechanism of thrombosis. The temperature in the testicular area thereby would
be correspondingly lowered and fertility would be enhanced. In June 1996 Dr
Dubin carried out the surgery.  
  
At the relevant time, Mr Harte was working with a New York company, ED & F
Inc. In August, he was seconded by his company to work in Singapore as a
trading manager with ED & F Man Asia Pte Ltd. This move was a step upwards for
him. Soon Mrs Harte joined him here. They continued to try to have a family
but without success in spite of the procedure carried out by Dr Dubin.  
  
In April 1997 Mr Harte consulted Dr Tan at the recommendation of Mrs Harte`s
Singapore gynaecologist, Dr Winnie Wun. Dr Tan`s clinic was located at the
Gleneagles Medical Centre, a building adjacent to Gleneagles Hospital. Dr Tan
had an arrangement with Gleneagles Hospital whereby he could use the
facilities of the hospital to carry out surgical operations on his private
patients. As Mr Harte had informed Dr Tan that subsequent to Dr Dubin`s
procedure no seminal analysis was carried out, Dr Tan suggested that that be
done. The result of the analysis showed adequate volume of semen but `low
percentage sperm mobility and low percentage normal forms, with high
percentage tail defects`. This showed that Dr Dubin`s operation did not
improve Mr Harte`s condition but in fact worsened it. The percentage of the
normal form of his sperms had dropped from 15% to about 3%.  
  
Dr Tan`s clinical examination of Mr Harte showed that there was no abnormality
in his genitalia and there was no varicocele. He then used the Colour Doppler
Ultrasound Scan (CPUS) to try to detect the cause or source of the
infertility. The scan showed that intermittent varicoceles were noted on the
left side and very early minimal intermittent varicoceles noted on the right
side. The trial judge found that Dr Tan did inform Mr Harte of all these. On
Dr Tan`s advice, Mr and Mrs Harte agreed to the bilateral varicocelectomy, it
being in Dr Tan`s view the best option in the circumstances.  
  
Dr Tan assured Mr and Mrs Harte that there would be no complications arising
from the surgery other than some minor swelling and general discomfort lasting
for a few days. This was greatly comforting to Mr Harte as it meant that the
side effects would be the same as those he experienced after the procedure in
New York. However, the risk of atrophy was never mentioned to Mr and Mrs
Harte. Be that as it may, the evidence showed that testicular atrophy was a
remote consequence of such a simple surgery and the judge held that an
omission to mention such a risk to Mr Harte did not constitute a negligent
omission.  
  
The bilateral varicocelectomy was carried out by Dr Tan on Mr Harte on 28
April 1997. The procedure lasted some one hour and twenty minutes. Thereafter,
Mr Harte was wheeled to a recovery room in the day ward to rest.  
  
An hour later in the recovery room a fateful event occurred. Against the
advice of the hospital nurse, Ms Tan Seng Eng (`Ms Tan`), attending to him,
and who brought him a urinal and also offered him a bed-pan, Mr Harte insisted
on using the toilet. Mrs Harte said that she would accompany him. The nurse,
Ms Tan, and Mrs Harte, helped Mr Harte to sit on the toilet bowl. The nurse
then left the toilet, leaving Mrs Harte there with Mr Harte.  
  
While seated on the toilet bowl, Mr Harte fainted and fell off the toilet
bowl. Mrs Harte tried to hold him but failed because he is a very big person.
As a result, Mr Harte`s head hit the floor first. Nurses were called to help
him up and put him on the bed. Upon notification of the fall, Dr Tan sent a
neurosurgeon, Dr Balaji Sadasivam, to examine his head. Dr Balaji did not
examine the scrotum area. Mr Harte said that on that day, he felt pain at the
bump on his head, but not in his testes or scrotum. By the evening of that
day, as there did not appear to be any further complication, Dr Balaji, having
seen Mr Harte, discharged him from the hospital. There was no evidence then
that his testicles were traumatised because of the fall. At that point in
time, it would not be possible to realise the injury which eventually
occurred.  
  
It must be mentioned that when Mr Harte was discharged, he felt discomfort at
the scrotal area, though he could walk slowly. Mr Harte thought that that must
be the normal effects of the surgery in the light of what Dr Tan told him
earlier. By bedtime, there was some swelling at the scrotum area. Again, Mr
Harte thought that that was the normal effect of the surgery.  
  
**_Post-operation care_**

****

We now come to the part where the court held Dr Tan to be wanting, that is,
the post-operation care. The next morning, Mr Harte found that both his testes
had swollen to what he felt was two to three times their normal size. The
swelling was much more than what he experienced after the operation in New
York by Dr Dubin. He further felt excruciating throbbing pain around his
testicular area. At 9am Mr Harte called Dr Tan`s office but was told that he
was busy. Eventually, Mr Harte spoke to Dr Tan and told the latter of how he
felt. Dr Tan assured him that nothing needed be done, except to continue
taking the prescribed pills and the swelling would subside. And so Mr Harte
waited. But the swelling of his scotum got worse, about five to six times the
normal size; and so did the pain.  
  
On 30 April 1997, Mr Harte tried without success to speak to Dr Tan as the
latter was away on a day trip to Kuala Lumpur. He made several calls because
the swelling and pain got worse. He spoke to Dr Tan`s nurse who told him to
continue taking the pills and to come and see Dr Tan on 2 May 1997, 1 May 1997
being a public holiday.  
  
The trial judge found that Dr Tan and/or his nurses should have, on 29 April
1997, asked Mr Harte to come to the clinic immediately for an examination.  
  
By 2 May 1997, Mr Harte`s scrotum had grown to a size of about 7 inches/5
inches. It was agonising for him to walk, even with Mrs Harte`s assistance, to
Dr Tan`s clinic. Dr Tan explained that Mr Harte had a scrotal haematoma and
prescribed painkillers, antibiotics and anti-inflamatory medication to ease
the pain and reduce swelling. And if the swelling persisted, he would draw the
blood from his scrotum. Dr Tan did not inform Mr Harte that the haematoma
could lead to the atrophy of his testes. Neither was an ultrasound scan
carried out. The next appointment was fixed for 9 May. What is pertinent to
note is that between 2 and 9 May 1997, Mr Harte was so concerned that he
called Dr Tan`s clinic every day for advice. Still Dr Tan did not ask him to
come and see him ahead of the next appointment.  
  
On 9 May 1997, Dr Tan examined Mr Harte`s scrotum with the ultrasound machine.
The swelling had started to subside although his scrotum was still hard.
Because the swelling had subsided, Dr Tan did not think it necessary to draw
out the blood from the scrotum.  
  
By the time of the next consultation on 26 May 1997, all swelling had
completely subsided. Dr Tan put Mr Harte on a three months` course of
Povinorum, a drug containing a form of synthetic testosterone called
mesteroline. However, Dr Tan did not explain to Mr Harte why he prescribed
this drug. The judge thought that by this date Dr Tan knew that Mr Harte`s
testes were irreparably damaged and could no longer produce sufficient
testosterone. Neither did Dr Tan inform Mr Harte of this development.  
  
On 29 August 1997, a seminal analysis revealed a dramatic reduction in the
quantity and quality of his sperms, ie one million sperm per millilitre
compared with 29 million in April 1997. A second seminal analysis a week later
showed that there was no more sperm.  
  
It was only on 9 October 1997, upon the inquiry of Mrs Harte, that Dr Tan
explained that Mr Harte`s testes were not functioning properly. There was much
dried blood in his scrotum. There was a small 3mm epididymal cyst on his left
side. On 11 October 1997, Dr Tan dropped the bombshell to the Hartes that it
was very unlikely that Mr Harte could ever father his own child.  
  
**_Consequential physical disabilities_**

****

As a result of all that had happened, the level of testosterone in his blood
was reduced, causing him to lose, inter alia, his stamina and libido. But
after obtaining testosterone replacement, his libido improved. By then his
right testicle had shrunk from 25cc to 6cc and his left from 15cc to 8cc. The
testicles, having atrophied, are now permanently damaged and cannot produce
sperm or testosterone. He can no longer father any child. Understandably this
devastated him and also caused great pain to his wife. Further tests showed
that his left testis could not produce any mature sperm but just some
spermatids (ie immature sperm). His right testicle produced not even
spermatids - it was completely non-functional.  
  
Dr Schlegel, an Associate Professor of Urology at Cornell University and
Visiting Associate Physician at Rockefeller University Hospital in New York,
advised that he might be able to extract sperm from his left testis (`TESE`)
and attempt the intracytoplasmic sperm injection procedure (`ICSI`) to
fertilise one of Mrs Harte`s eggs. This might require several attempts to be
successful. Dr Schlegel was hopeful.  
  
**_Findings of the trial judge_**

****

The position taken by Dr Tan was that he did not encounter any problem in the
course of the surgery on Mr Harte. The operation was uneventful. He attributed
the scrotum haematoma to the fall sustained by Mr Harte in the toilet. The
fall caused an impact on the scrotum, resulting in the very sensitive veins in
the testes to burst and bleed.  
  
It was common ground between the experts of both parties that bilateral
testicular atrophy was not likely to occur following bilateral varicocelectomy
unless the surgeon had not performed the surgery with sufficient care or he
was simply incompetent.  
  
The trial judge went into a very detailed analysis of the medical evidence
touching on the cause of the atrophy. It is clear that the atrophy was caused
by a vascular event, meaning the blood supply to the testes had been
compromised (ie reduced). There was the evidence of Dr Richard Notley (for Mr
Harte) that a wholly unnecessary operation was done by Dr Tan, as the
varicocele in the left testis had been removed by Dr Dubin in New York and
there was no varicocele in the right testis. Dr Tan carried on the operation
based on an assumption. However, this view of Dr Notley was not accepted by
the trial judge.  
  
Touching on the operation, the judge found that Dr Tan had adopted the correct
procedure and had exercised reasonable care in relation thereto. Mr Harte`s
contention, that it was due to an excessive division of veins by Dr Tan which
caused the devascularisation, was rejected by the judge who held that Dr Tan
had, in fact, left all the arteries, including the vasal artery, intact.
Neither did he ligate and divide the vasal vein. There was blood supply to and
sufficient venous drainage from both his testes.  
  
We ought to mention that Mr Harte had also speculated or postulated various
possibilities in which Dr Tan could have botched the operation and caused the
dead testes. The judge, by a process of elimination, rejected all of them as
without any foundation.  
  
From a thorough examination of the medical evidence, the judge came to the
conclusion that Mr Harte did suffer from extratesticular (scrotal) haematoma
besides an internal haematoma and that the cause of both was physical
contusion rather than surgery. That contusion occurred when Mr Harte collapsed
and his scrotum pressed against the side of the toilet seat. It was a fairly
hard squeeze. In coming to this determination he went into a careful
examination of how the collapse of Mr Harte could have caused the contusion on
the scrotum and the testes. For this purpose, he had the assistance of two
associate professors from the engineering schools at NTU and NUS, who gave
various projections based on science as to how the fall from the toilet seat
could have caused the injuries to the scrotum and the testes. The judge also
bore in mind the fact that the toilet bowl on which Mr Harte was seated was
smaller than his large frame and his scrotum was slightly swollen because of
the operation. This was how the judge described the situation ([para ]394):

> _Since Mr Harte fell from a most vulnerable position when his slightly
> swollen scrotum after the operation was hanging deepest in the toilet bowl,
> the forward movement of the body during the fall would push his penis and
> scrotum to be jammed between the perineum and pelvic bone on the top, and
> the hard but smooth upper surface of the toilet seat at the bottom, whilst
> hemmed in at the same time by the inner thighs on both sides. The resultant
> effect is a fairly hard squeezing of the testicles on all sides for a short
> duration when his heavy body moved forward and fell eventually, pulling
> along with it and crushing the scrotum and testes as they passed over the
> smooth edged toilet seat, which consequently resulted in the contusion
> injury._

  
  
The judge found that the swelling of the scrotum and the pain were due to the
contusion. His fall caused his rather large scrotum to be caught and squashed
between his body and the top of the toilet seat. The contusion involved only a
moderate non-impact force - a gradual squeezing of the testes, as his heavy
body rolled over his scrotum during the fall off the toilet seat. The
resulting pain arising from this rolling over was probably not acute and would
have diminished quickly. Therefore, it was not realised by Mr Harte by the
time he regained consciousness. But it probably caused internal microvascular
damage within the testicular tissues. The micro bleeding caused the
intratesticular haematoma to swell and stretch the intact tunica albuginea,
and then the pain would be felt gradually.  
  
The judge did not find Dr Tan to be wanting in exercising due care by not
seeing Mr Harte on the day before his discharge from hospital. This is
because, in his view, it would have made no difference as Dr Tan would not
have been able to diagnose a potentially dangerous intratesticular haematoma
developing at that stage, especially when Mr Harte had not complained of any
serious pain and there were no obvious signs of bruising or swelling of the
scrotum area.  
  
But the judge found that Dr Tan exercised less than reasonable care when he
failed to see Mr Harte immediately after being informed of the swelling and
the pain on the next day, 29 April 1997. Dr Tan also did not exercise due care
when he saw Mr Harte on 2 May 1997 as he should have investigated further into
the swelling like using the ultrasound machine, which he did only on 9 May
1997. This test was essential in the light of the fact that the scrotum
swelled to the size of a mango, with the testes not palpable. This latter
condition indicated all the more of the need for an ultrasound investigation
to ascertain the existence of intratesticular haematoma.  
  
The haematoma disrupted the blood flow to the testes, thereby depriving the
testes of the oxygen they required to function. This resulted in the tissues
in the testes dying, leading to atrophy.  
  
The judge seemed to hold that there were two contributory causes of the
atrophy: the fall and the post-operation negligence. Liability was apportioned
40:60 in favour of Mr Harte.  
  
**_Assessment of damages_**

****

The judge quantified the damages for the injuries suffered. Based on 100%
liability, he awarded Mr Harte a total of S$50,000 for general damages in
respect of pain and suffering, made up as follows:  
  

Large haematoma for four days | $ | 2,000  
---|---|---  
Complete loss of fertility, bearing in mind that he was sub-fertile before the incident | $ | 20,000  
Partial penile impotence and impaired libido | $ | 13,000  
Atrophy of both testicles | $ | 10,000  
Increased risk of liver cancer from long term testosterone therapy and an awareness of a shortened lifespan | $ | 5,000  
  
  
  
As for special damages, Mr Harte claimed under a number of items. The judge
disallowed Mr Harte`s claims for medical expenses incurred before and for the
operation itself because Dr Tan was not negligent in respect of the advice he
gave before the operation and for the operation itself. However, he granted in
respect of:  
  

(1) | local medical expenses post-operation | S$4,992.70  
---|---|---  
(2) | overseas medical expenses post-operation | US$4,982.08  
  
  
  
But he did not allow Mr Harte`s claim on expenses incurred on air travel to
the United States for fertility treatment. The reason for this decision was
because those trips were undertaken as part of home leave or on business and
the expenses were paid by the company. The obtaining of treatment on those
trips was incidental. This disallowance is not challenged before us.  
  
However, the judge only allowed partially Mr Harte`s claims for future cost of
fertility treatment which would involve two procedures, namely, TESE
(testicular sperm extraction) and ICSI (intracytoplasmic sperm injection), to
be undertaken at Cornell University Medical Centre, New York. He allowed three
cycles (Mr Harte claimed 10) of the TESE procedure at US$7,000 each, plus
other expenses and pain and inconvenience on account of this and gave a total
award of US$30,000 for the item.  
  
However, as regards the cost for the ICSI procedure, the judge held that even
if Mr Harte did not suffer any testicular atrophy, the ICSI procedure would
still be needed. This was because his sperms, being so weak, would not likely
be able to fertilise his wife`s eggs. Thus, assistance would be required in
any event.  
  
The judge did not allow Mr Harte`s claim for loss of earnings, estimated by Mr
Harte at $2.4m. This was allegedly on account of his having to give up his job
in Singapore and return to United States in order that he might obtain the
TESE-ICSI treatment at Cornell University Medical Centre so that his wife
could conceive their child. The judge found that the Hartes wanted to go back
to New York on their own volition. He also found that there was no evidence
that his employer had decided to extend his assignment in Singapore upon the
completion of his three-year term. Moreover, even if the Hartes were to
undertake the TESE-ICSI treatment, it would not have required him and his wife
to be stationed in New York. They could make short trips to New York for this
purpose.  
  
Finally, in respect of an item on the cost of hormone replacement therapy, he
allowed it at US$1,828.48p[thinsp]a until Mr Harte reached the age of 60.
Bearing in mind that there was accelerated payment, and applying a discount
rate of 5%p[thinsp]a, he arrived at the global figure of US$25,230, which he
rounded up to US$26,000.  
  
Except for the claims for cost of future treatment/therapy, interest was
awarded in respect of the other items, for sums in Singapore dollars at
3%p[thinsp]a and US dollars 5%, from the date of the writ.  
  
**_Mr Harte`s appeal_**

****

As mentioned before, Mr Harte`s appeal is only in relation to the quantum of
damages awarded. However, before going into the consideration of the
individual items of claim which are being challenged, either on the ground of
the quantum being so low or that it was unjustifiably disallowed, there is a
need for us to consider Mr Harte`s general contention that the court was wrong
to have discounted the assessed amount of damages by 40%. This discount was
made by the judge following his finding that, had there been `prompt
intervention by Dr Tan on the morning after the surgery, perhaps 60% of Mr
Harte`s testes may be saved from atrophy`.  
  
Mr Harte`s contention goes as follows: if 60% of his testes could have been
saved, but for Dr Tan`s negligence, that would mean that the testes would
still have retained much of their normal functions, as the 40% atrophy of the
testes, which was attributed by the court to Mr Harte himself, would not have
caused the testes to lose their functional capabilities. Furthermore, as Mr
Harte`s testes were much larger than the average man, a saving of 60% of his
testes must therefore mean that there was more than an even chance of saving
the functional capabilities of the testes.  
  
It seems to us that this contention is wholly without any foundation. It is
true that if a person has one good testis and a damaged testis, he is still
capable of producing sperm to father a child. But it is wholly erroneous to
infer from that that if both testes were damaged up to 50%, that person is in
the same position as one who has one good testis and one bad testis. There is
no parallel between the two situations. One does not follow from the other.
The extent to which the functions of a human organ are damaged is not a matter
upon which a conclusion may be drawn based on mathematical calculation or
analogy. There is simply no evidence before the court to show how effective
the testes would be, if the atrophy suffered by the testes of Mr Harte were
60% less than they now are. Moreover, there is also no evidence to indicate
that a bigger testis is more resilient functionally than a normal or smaller
sized one.  
  
Reliance is placed by Mr Harte on the case of **Hotson v East Berkshire Area
Health Authority** [1987] AC 750[1987] 2 All ER 909 where a boy aged 13 fell
from a tree and suffered an acute traumatic fracture of the epiphysis of the
left thigh bone. Because of an erroneous diagnosis, the injury remained
untreated for five days, and it developed into avascular necrosis of the
femoral apiphysis, a disability of the hip joint. The trial judge found that
even if prompt and correct treatment had been given, there was still a 75%
chance that avascular necrosis would have developed. The trial judge awarded
the plaintiff 25% of the assessed damage for the disability and it was
affirmed on appeal. However, the House of Lords reversed that decision and
held that no damages were payable as the plaintiff had not proven causation.
Once causation was proven then the defendant would be liable for the entire
injury. As Lord Ackner said ([1987] AC 750 at 793; [1987] 2 All ER 909 at
922):

> _Once liability is established, on the balance of probabilities, the loss
> which the plaintiff has sustained is payable in full. It is not discounted
> by reducing his claim by the extent to which he has failed to prove his case
> with 100 per cent certainty._

  
  
It is settled law that in a personal injuries claim, the plaintiff must always
establish that the act/omission of the defendant is the cause, or a cause, of
the injuries. Causation must be proved on the balance of probabilities. In a
case where it is proved that there were several causes, then the court is
bound to determine the extent to which each cause contributed to the injuries.  
  
We do not propose to go into the other cases which have been cited to us. In
each instance it is a question of fact. Reverting to the instant case we note
that throughout the trial, Mr Harte proceeded on only one basis, namely, that
Dr Tan botched up the operation and was, therefore, wholly responsible for the
resulting incapacity. While Dr Tan did, during the course of the trial, raise
the issue that the incapacity was due to the collapse of Mr Harte while
sitting on the toilet bowl, there was hardly any evidence led by Mr Harte as
to Dr Tan`s post-operation care and on how this lack of care had
contributorily caused the incapacity of the testes.  
  
While the trial judge did not, in his judgment, expressly find that Dr Tan`s
post-operation negligence caused the atrophy of the two testes, that must be
implied, as he held that had prompt attention been given by Dr Tan to Mr
Harte`s complaint, 60% of the testes might have been saved. But, as mentioned
before, there is no medical evidence before the court to indicate how
incapable or unproductive the two testes would have become had they been
damaged or atrophied only to the extent of 40%. There is nothing to show that
the rate of deterioration of the capability of a testis corresponds directly
with the extent of its atrophy. The finding of the trial judge on this seems
to assume that the rate of deterioration of a testis would be that of a
straight line. The truth is there is no answer obtainable from the evidence
before the court.  
  
The evidence of Dr Schlegel suggested that permanent injury will set in within
four to six hours of the contusion to the testes. Similarly, Dr Notley was
pessimistic about the chances of salvaging the testicular tissues even if Dr
Tan had intervened promptly with proper medical treatment. Both these experts
were Mr Harte`s witnesses. The evidence of Dr Tay Kah Phuan, a defence
witness, seemed to be consistent with that of Dr Notley, when he expressed the
view that where an injury to the testis resulted from trauma, tissues in the
testicles would die in any event notwithstanding any efforts to save them. On
this evidence, the atrophy could not be said to have been caused by Dr Tan.  
  
It would appear that in coming to his conclusion the judge relied mainly on
the evidence of Prof Li Man Kay. But Prof Li`s opinion was really quite
tentative. On being asked about the chances of Mr Harte`s testes being saved,
if prompt treatment had been given by Dr Tan, he really only hazarded a guess
when he said `I would assume that there will be fifty-fifty chance`. It is
also not entirely clear, when Prof Li stated that there could be a 50-50
chance of saving the testes, what he meant. Did he mean saving such that there
would be no reduction in the functional capabilities of the testes? That was
not explored.  
  
It is also not clear to us how the judge arrived at his conclusion that, had
prompt attention been given by Dr Tan, perhaps 60% of Mr Harte`s testes might
have been saved from atrophy. It seems to us that what the judge probably did
was first to randomly increase the chances of saving the testes by 10% to 60%
(it appears this increase has no evidential basis) and, secondly, taking a
broad brush approach, to assume that if there was a 60% chance of saving the
testes from atrophy it would mean that the extent of the atrophy would
accordingly be lessened by 60%. Of course, the critical question is not the
extent of the atrophy but the extent to which any degree of atrophy would
affect the functional capabilities of the testes. In our view, the correct
question should be: would a testis which is atrophied by up to 40% (for which
Mr Harte is responsible) be completely destroyed? Could it be saved so that it
could function normally? If not, what would be its remaining capabilities?
Perhaps, the judge was merely seeking to achieve broad justice in all the
circumstances.  
  
Be that as it may, and most importantly, Dr Tan has not appealed against that
finding. Neither has he appealed against the quantum of damages awarded
against him. As for Mr Harte`s appeal, apart from questioning the specific
quantum given in respect of each item of claim, or challenging those items
which the judge had disallowed, he contends that, following **_Hotson_**
(supra), the discount of 40% from the quantum should not be made. He is not
challenging the finding that Mr Harte himself caused 40% of the atrophy.  
  
The burden of proof as to the extent of disability or incapacity suffered by a
plaintiff rests with him. In the light of what has been discussed above, it
could be said that Mr Harte had not proven causation. **_Hotson_** (supra) is
in fact against Mr Harte. What is in his favour is that passage cited in [para
]46 above. This is because strictly, a 50-50 chance does not constitute
sufficient proof on the balance of probabilities. On that basis, the award of
60% of the assessed damages to Mr Harte is thus more than what he is entitled
to.  
  
We should state that **_Hotson_** (supra) and this case are clearly
reconcilable. In **_Hotson_** , the question addressed by the House was
whether the hospital authorities` negligence caused the avascular necrosis. As
the medical opinion tendered showed that even if proper treatment had been
given, there was a 75% probability that the disability would have set in, the
House of Lords held that it was not proved, on the balance of probabilities,
that the doctors` negligence caused that disability. In our case, the judge
found that Mr Harte`s collapse, while sitting on the toilet bowl, caused
contusion of the testes. That was a direct cause of the atrophy. What the
judge also found was that the extent of the atrophy could have been reduced by
60% if not for the post-operation negligence of Dr Tan. So what that means is
that the atrophy of both testes of Mr Harte had two contributory causes - the
fall and lack of prompt post-operation treatment. On this basis, we think the
judge is correct to have awarded Mr Harte only 60% of the assessed damages.  
  
There would have been a parallel between **_Hotson_** (supra) and this case if
the judge had found that even if Dr Tan had rendered prompt medical attention
to Mr Harte the chances of saving his testes from being so atrophied was, say,
only 25%. But in this latter event, following **_Hotson_** , Dr Tan would not
have been held to have caused the atrophy.  
  
There is a final point we would like to make about **_Hotson_** (supra). If
causation had been proven there, ie that prompt action **_would have prevented
the onset of avascular necrosis_** , then it is perfectly understandable why
their Lordships held that the defendant should have to pay the full amount of
the damages for that disability. This was not what the judge below found in
this case. Here, the judge was saying that even in the absence of the post-
operation negligence, there would have been 40% atrophy of the testes.  
  
The situation here, as determined by the judge, is not unlike that in an
ordinary motor accident claim. The law reports and the court records are
littered with cases where the courts had in those cases found the plaintiff
25% to blame and the defendant 75% to blame and damages sustained were
accordingly apportioned. In some of the cases the plaintiffs were to be blamed
for even less than 25%. In every of these cases, it would mean that the court
had found there were more than one contributory cause to the accident and had
apportioned fault accordingly. Here, the judge found that both Mr Harte and Dr
Tan had caused the eventual atrophy of the testes and went on to apportion
liability at 40-60, in favour of Mr Harte.  
  
**_General damages_**

****

On the award of general damages made by the judge, Mr Harte contends that the
judge only took into account `pain and suffering` and not the `loss of
amenities`, such as his feeling of lethargy and the loss of libido. We do not
think this criticism is valid and may be disposed of shortly. This head of
damage `pain and suffering and loss of amenities` is sometimes referred to
simply as `pain and suffering`. To say that the judge had not given anything
for `loss of amenities` is to ignore the sum of $13,000 given for `partial
penile impotence and impaired libido`. It is, therefore, clear to us that the
judge had used the term `pain and suffering` to also include `loss of
amenities`. However, such a form of abbreviation without further explanation,
especially in a written judgment, should be avoided altogether in order to
prevent the sort of arguments raised by Mr Harte here.  
  
**_Ariffin bin Omar v Goh Beng Kee_**** _Ng Hock Chye v Singapore Shuttle
Bus_**** _Yeap Boon Onn v Neo Hui Nee_** It is true that the judge did not
give any reasons for the various sums he awarded under general damages. We
agree that there should be a fair measure of consistency between awards for
similar injuries/incapacities. Mr Raj Singam for Mr Harte, relied upon the
following five cases to show that the overall quantum of $50,000 awarded is
too low:

(1) In **Low Swee Tong v Liew Machinery** [1993] 3 SLR 89 , the High Court
awarded $45,000 for impotence.

(2) In (Suit 1603/88), our High Court awarded $55,000 for rupture of urethra
and impotence.

(3) In (Suit 442/89), our High Court awarded $40,000 for penile impotence.

(4) In **Lai Wee Lian v Singapore Bus Service (1978)** [1984-1985] SLR 10
[1984] 1 MLJ 325 , the plaintiff was awarded $45,000 for pain and suffering in
respect of his inability to have sexual intercourse. In addition, she was
given $40,000 for the loss of amenities (to have a marriage and family).

(5) In (MC Suit 14442/97), the magistrate court awarded $15,000 for the
atrophy of a testicle, without loss of sexual function.  
  
While it may be difficult to compare one set of injuries with another, though
they may be similar, Mr Harte`s condition seems to be more serious than any of
the above cases. The main disabilities which he now suffers are:

(1) the atrophy of both testes;

(2) loss of ability to produce sperms (admittedly before the operation by Dr
Tan, the quality of his sperms was below normal);

(3) complete loss of capacity to produce testosterone which gave rise to,
inter alia, loss of masculinity, loss of libido, and the need to have hormone
replacement therapy which treatment over the long term could give rise to an
increased risk of liver cancer;

(4) the need to resort to TESE and ICSI procedures in order that Mr Harte may
have a chance of fathering a child.  
  
While modern medical science has found a cure for impotency, there is as yet
no discovery which would enable a dead testis to produce sperm or
testosterone. We further agree with Mr Singam`s submission that taking the
award in **_Yeap Boon Onn_** as an example, it does not follow because the
atrophy of one testis attracted an award of $15,000 that the amount to be
awarded for the atrophy of both testes would only be twice. The devastating
effect of the loss of both testes must be given due consideration. As
mentioned above, a man with one good testis can still father a child. A man
with both testes dead cannot do that. Even a man who is really impotent can
father a child by artificial insemination.  
  
Taking into consideration the amounts awarded in those cases referred to by Mr
Singam and all the circumstances here, including the fact that Mr Harte`s loss
is not just one testis but two and yet, on the other hand, he was before the
operation already infertile to a fair extent, we are of the opinion that the
amount awarded by the trial judge was clearly on the low side and ought to be
enhanced. We would accordingly enhance the amount for general damages to
$120,000, made up as follows:  
  

Atrophy of both testes and complete loss of fertility | $ | 60,000  
---|---|---  
Partial penile impotence and impaired libido | $ | 45,000  
Increased risk of liver cancer on account of testosterone treatment | $ | 10,000  
Some several days of suffering on account of the scrotum haematoma | $ | 5,000  
  
  
  
We would add that if Mr Harte had, before the accident, been a normal fertile
man, then the sum we would have awarded would be more than what we have given
above.  
  
Finally, there is a point of policy which Mr Singam has raised before us. He
said the courts in Singapore should follow the approaches adopted by the
courts in Hong Kong and England (see **Chan Pui Ki v Leung On** [1996] 2 HKLR
401 and **Heil v Rankin** [2000] 3 All ER 138) of making a general upward
revision of all awards to reflect the current improved social and economic
conditions in the country. In** _Heil v Rankin_** , a specially empanelled
quorum of five judges of the English Court of Appeal came to the conclusion
that the awards for the most serious of injuries needed to be increased by
about one-third and a lesser margin of increase for the less serious injuries.  
  
We accept the principle that the compensation to be awarded to a victim must
be fair, reasonable and just. We also recognise the fact that no amount of
compensation can really make up for the loss of an organ or a limb. The law
seeks to do the best it can, using money as the medium, of striking a balance
between the interests of the individual and the overall interest of the
society. However, we do not think this is an appropriate occasion to undertake
a general review of the tariff for personal injuries. There will be socio-
economic implications. This court does not have the essential data to help it
to come to an informed conclusion. We have only a brief submission by Mr
Harte`s counsel. However, we wish to point out that a perusal of some of the
awards made by the courts over the years indicate that awards for the same
injury have risen.  
  
But in so far as the present case is concerned, we are of the opinion that the
award for general damages is inadequate and have accordingly revised it
upwards as indicated above.  
  
**_Expenses incurred for the operation_**

****

We now turn to Mr Harte`s claim for special damages. The judge below
disallowed the claim for expenses incurred by Mr Harte before the operation as
well as for the operation. His main reason for the decision was that as he
found Dr Tan not to be negligent in carrying out the operation and as the
haematoma of the testes and the scrotum was caused by Mr Harte`s fall from the
toilet bowl, those expenses should be borne by him.  
  
Mr Singam argued that Dr Tan`s post-operation negligence effectively removed
all the benefits that Mr Harte had received from Dr Tan before and during the
surgery. He gave this example and we will quote him verbatim:

> _A man sends his car to a mechanic to be repaired. The mechanic completes
> the repairs, and he draws up an invoice for S$5,000. The mechanic`s last
> duty is to drive the car back to the man`s house. In this process, the
> mechanic drives negligently and wrecks the car, rendering it totally
> inoperable and unsalvageable. The man has totally lost the benefit of his
> car being repaired. Because of the negligence of the mechanic, there is now
> no car to speak of. Should the man still pay the mechanic the S$5,000 for
> repairing his car?_

  
  
We do not think this example is apt. In that example there was no intervening
act on the part of the owner. Here, there was: Mr Harte`s fall from the toilet
bowl, and the judge`s finding that the fall caused a contusion to the scrotum,
which in turn caused the haematoma in the testes and the scrotum. Unlike the
example given, it was the act of Mr Harte which negated the work done by Dr
Tan. With respect, we think counsel missed this angle. Dr Tan should only be
liable for his own act/omission and nothing more.  
  
Even in the example given, while the car owner need not pay for the repairs
effected by the mechanic, he cannot, in claiming for damages for the loss of
the car, claim for the value of a good working car. If he claims for the value
of a good working car, then he must pay the mechanic the costs of the repair
or a deduction be made for that. Otherwise, he would be unjustly enriched.  
  
**_Loss of future earnings_**

****

This item of claim is based on the premise that had Mr Harte stayed on and
worked in Singapore he would have enjoyed the very attractive expatriate
package which was extended to him by his Singapore employer, which included a
higher salary and other perks like housing and a car. Because of what
happened, he had to return to New York and to a lower paying job. In the court
below he claimed for the loss of earnings, being the difference between what
he earned in New York and what he would have earned if he had remained in
Singapore, for up to 15 years. Before us, he is asking only for five years. Mr
Harte said that he and his wife had to leave Singapore for two main reasons.
First, this place brought back all the bad memories relating to this terrible
episode. The Hartes hoped that by leaving Singapore it would reduce the mental
and emotional pain and suffering they experienced due to Dr Tan`s negligence.
By returning to the United States they would also be among friends and
relatives who would be able to help them overcome their pain. Second, in order
that the TESE-ICSI procedures may be carried out by Dr Schlegel of the Cornell
University Medical Centre, they needed to be in the United States.  
  
The trial judge noted that their decision to return to the United States was
based on the premise that it was Dr Tan`s negligence which caused Mr Harte to
be in the state in which he found himself in. This assumption, in the light of
what the judge found, is no longer correct. Second, he held that Mr Harte has
not proven on the balance of probabilities that he would have been offered
employment in Singapore for a long time but for his need for fertility
treatment in New York under the charge of Dr Schlegel. Third, he found that if
it were true that Mr Harte`s Singapore employer would have offered him an
extended term in Singapore, then he should have stayed on. If he had opted to
remain in Singapore, he could always fly to New York to receive the fertility
treatment, although this would involve some inconvenience, because of the
distance. He had a duty to mitigate. The judge further added:

> _I regard his resignation to take up a lower paying job in New York so that
> he could go for a few day surgeries (spread out perhaps over 2 or 3 years)
> as most unreasonable._

  
  
He also found that the Hartes decided to return to New York on their own
volition.  
  
It is clear from the evidence of both the Hartes, particularly Mrs Harte, that
they could not stand to live in Singapore any further. Moreover, they would
like to have the fertility treatment administered by Dr Schlegel. The idea of
obtaining that treatment was first suggested to them in Cabrini Medical Centre
Pathology Consultation Report of 27 October 1998 which stated that:

> _In the United States, at New York Hospital, Drs Goldstein and Schlegel have
> reported that (they) are able to remove sperm from testicles such as yours
> and together with intracytoplasmic sperm insertion, achieve pregnancies and
> embryoes. You might want to consult with them. My own opinion at the moment
> is extremely guarded in that area._

  
  
Therefore, counsel for Mr Harte argued that returning to the United States in
order to get the required treatment so that the Hartes could have a child of
their own should be considered to be a step taken by Mr Harte to mitigate the
injury caused by Dr Tan. A necessary cost of undertaking this mitigating step
would involve his leaving his job here, and the consequential loss of his
attractive pay package. Mr Singam relied on the case **The World Beauty**
[1970] P 144[1969] 3 All ER 158 where Winn LJ said ([1970] P 144 at 156;
[1969] 3 All ER 158 at 163):

> _... it is implicit in the principle, that if mitigating steps are
> reasonably taken and additional loss or damage results notwithstanding the
> reasonable decision to take those steps, then that will be in addition to
> the recoverable damage and not a set-off against the amount of it._

  
  
As we see it, Mr Harte will have to satisfy two conditions before he could
succeed on this item of claim. First, he must show that his Singapore employer
had agreed to extend or was likely to extend his assignment in Singapore.
Second, if the first condition is met, whether it was reasonable for Mr Harte
to leave such a good paying job so that he could receive the TESE-ICSI
treatment by Dr Schlegel in New York.  
  
On the first condition, the evidence came mainly from Mr Trevor Johnson, the
Managing Director of ED & F Man Asia Pte Ltd (Mr Harte`s Singapore employer),
who found Mr Harte to be a very good employee, hardworking and motivated, and
should be the person to take over his job. He would have extended Mr Harte`s
term in Singapore. He also said that he recruited one Mr Hutchinson from
London, not to take over from Mr Harte but to `strengthen the team`. He asked
Mr Harte to stay on for another three months after the expiry of his three-
year term in order that there would be a period of overlap between Mr Harte
leaving and Hutchinson joining the company.  
  
Understandably, Mr Johnson was sympathetic to the plight of Mr Harte, having
regard to the pain and disappointment the latter had to endure. Of course, at
the time he gave evidence he was under the impression that all of Mr Harte`s
misery was brought about because Dr Tan botched the operation. In any event,
there is no concrete evidence to show that ED & F New York had even considered
extending the secondment of Mr Harte in Singapore. The documents discovered
shows that Mr Harte was seconded to Singapore for three years only `after
which (Mr Harte) will return to the US`. In a further letter of 25 May 1997,
his Singapore employer stated:

> _Further to our recent discussions, this letter clarifies the Terms and
> Conditions on which you are seconded to ED & F Man Cocoa (Singapore) Pte Ltd
> (The "Company") based in Singapore for a period of approximately three
> years. **The assignment commenced on 1st August, 1996. At the termination of
> this secondment you will revert to your ED & F Man Inc contract**. [Emphasis
> is added.]_

  
  
There is no further correspondence about extending the secondment from either
his New York employer or the Singapore employer. The judge further noted the
fact that Mr Hutchinson was engaged and assumed office (in July 1999) even
before the term of Mr Harte had expired. This would necessarily mean that the
recruitment exercise, culminating in the engagement of Mr Hutchinson, must
have been initiated sometime before that. There is no document which indicates
that the company would have liked Mr Harte`s secondment be extended but for
his medical needs. The evidence also suggests that no serious consultation was
made with Dr Schlegel to experiment with the TESE-ICSI procedures until the
second half of 1999.  
  
The truth of the matter is that after the full extent of Mr Harte`s injury
became apparent in October 1997, Mrs Harte felt depressed and started to `hate
Singapore and anything associated with it`. It seems to us clear that that was
the real reason for them leaving Singapore upon the expiry of the contract.
However attractive the expatriate package was, it was of no significance and
no thought was given to that. Mr Harte thus did not seek any extension. He
stayed on for a further three months to help Mr Hutchinson get acquainted with
his job.  
  
Having considered all the circumstances, there is really no basis for us to
dissent from the finding of the court below that the Hartes left these shores
on their own free will and on the expiry of his secondment term. They did not
seek any extension. Neither was there any consultation between the Singapore
employer and the New York employer, to extend his secondment in Singapore. In
view of this determination, it follows that the first condition has not been
proved. Therefore, it is not necessary for us to consider whether the second
condition spelt out in [para ]76 has been met.  
  
**_Future medical expenses_**

****

  
  
**ICSI PROCEDURE**

As mentioned before, the trial judge disallowed this claim because it was a
procedure which was needed in any case as Mr Harte`s sperms did not have the
`ability to do what they are supposed to do`. Mr Singam submitted that here
the judge had gone wrong in a fundamental respect. The purpose of undergoing
the bilateral varicocelectomy was precisely to improve the quality of his
sperms. As the operation was successful (but for the fall and the lack of
post-operation care extended by Dr Tan) and based on Dr Tan`s opinion and on
the studies which were placed before the court, there should be more than an
even chance that Mr Harte`s sperm quality would have improved. That would mean
that there was probably no necessity for Mrs Harte to have to undergo ICSI, or
any assisted means of fertilisation in order to achieve pregnancy.  
  
We accept that this contention of counsel is logical and reasonable. The judge
should have allowed the expenses relating to the ICSI procedure which costs
US$16,000 per cycle.  
  
A related item of claim made by Mr Harte, and which was not addressed by the
judge, was the medication which is required prior to the TESE-ICSI procedures.
This medication is required for both Mr and Mrs Harte and it would stretch
over a period of five months before the procedure. The cost for each such
five-month medication course amounts to US$7,028.25 per person. This should
have been allowed.  
  
The final argument raised by counsel on this item relates to the number of
TESE-ICSI cycles which should have been allowed. The court below gave three
cycles for TESE. Counsel refers to the fact that the first attempt undergone
by the Hartes in October 2000 failed. The attempt was aborted because Mrs
Harte had not produced sufficient eggs for the procedure to succeed.  
  
In coming to his conclusion as to the number of TESE cycles that needed to be
provided, the judge took into account the fact that frozen sperm could be
stored indefinitely without any degradation in the sperm quality and that
there was a risk associated with multiple incisions on the tunica albuginea of
the testes, as repeated TESE attempts may cause permanent ischaemic testicular
injury. Indeed Dr Schlegel told the court that if he failed in his first
attempt to find any sperm, he would not make any further attempts.  
  
The trial judge had given careful consideration to the matter before he came
to the conclusion that only three cycles of the TESE should be allowed. This
is fair, as sperm may be stored. But the same does not apply to the ICSI
procedure. There is nothing to be saved. If a cycle of ICSI failed, it has to
be started again. Accordingly, we would increase the allowable cycles of the
ICSI procedure for Mrs Harte to five.  
  
**HORMONE REPLACEMENT THERAPY**

On this item of claim, Mr Singam contends that the award given by the trial
judge is erroneous in three respects. First, the judge was wrong to hold that
Mr Harte should only be required to see his endocrinologist once every six
months. However, in accordance with US law, the endocrinologist can only
prescribe one-month dosage of testosterone at a time, as it is an anabolic
steroid. So Mr Harte has no option in the matter. There has to be 12
consultations a year. Second, there is clear evidence that Mr Harte has to go
for blood test once every three months to monitor the risk of cancer. There is
no evidence to suggest that quarterly blood test is unreasonable. Indeed the
judge was under the mistaken impression that Mr Harte was asking for monthly
blood test. Third, the judge was wrong to have provided this therapy to Mr
Harte only up to the age of 60. He was also wrong not to have applied the
straight line calculation in determining the amount which should be allowed
under this item; no discount should have been made.  
  
In the respondent`s case, no answer was offered as to the foregoing. In our
opinion, there is clear validity in the first two arguments made by counsel.
We would allow the sum US$2,957.20p[thinsp]a, being the fees for 12
consultations and the sum of US$640p[thinsp]a, being the costs for quarterly
blood tests. The drug cost per annum (not disputed) is US$1,421.88. Thus the
total annual cost for the hormone therapy is US$5,019.08.  
  
As regards the third argument, the trial judge in providing hormone therapy
only up to the age of 60, took into account the various contingencies of life,
such as, early death due to illness or accident. While we agree that the judge
was entitled, in this exercise, to take into account the various contingencies
of life, it must also be borne in mind that the average lifespan of human
beings has improved over the years. With better living conditions and medical
care, people nowadays do live longer. Thus, we think, the provision by the
trial judge is on the low side and would instead provide that the hormone
therapy be continued until Mr Harte attains the age of 65.  
  
Lastly, there is the point relating to the discount made by the judge on the
lump sum awarded under this item. The basis for making that discount was, in
the words of the judge, `to take account of the accelerated payment of a lump
sum at the present value`. The judge adopted the discount rate of 5%, it being
`an estimate of future long term bank interest rates in the United States`.
This worked out to a multiplier of 14.2 instead of a straight multiplier of 24
(from age 36 to 60).  
  
Counsel for Mr Harte argued that there should be no deduction as the costs of
medication would probably go up in later years due to inflation. The bank
interest earned on the lump sum would be offset by inflation. This court
recognises that there will be inflation in so far as the cost of obtaining of
medical services is concerned, eg consultations and blood tests. But even as
regards the cost of drugs, we doubt the cost will really go down. With rapid
advancements made in medical sciences, perhaps more potent or effective drugs
may be discovered. But this may not necessarily lead to lowering of costs.
Indeed, research and development (which involves human effort) is an expensive
venture.  
  
At the end of the day, we should be awarding to Mr Harte a sum which would
adequately provide for his needs for hormone therapy, taking into account both
factors, namely, the interest which an advance payment would earn and the fact
that there will be inflation as far as the costs of medical services are
concerned. We think it is probably more equitable that the rate of discount to
be adopted should be adjusted downwards from 5% to 3%. This would increase the
multiplier to 19.6.  
  
Therefore, the award for the cost of hormone therapy should be US$98,373.97
which we take it to be US$98,374.  
  
In the result the appeal of Mr Harte succeeds to the following extent:

(1) general damages are increased to $120,000;

(2) an award of US$80,000 for ICSI procedure;

(3) an award of US$56,226 for eight courses of pre TESE-ICSI medication (three
for Mr Harte and five for Mrs Harte); and

(4) the award for hormone therapy is revised to US$98,374.  
  
Of course, in line with the apportionment of liability made by the judge, Dr
Tan has to bear 60% of the foregoing.  
  
We tabulate hereunder the total damages payable to Mr Harte, including those
items not disputed in this appeal. In respect of each item Mr Harte is only
entitled to 60%:  
  

(1) | General damages of S$120,000 |  | S$ | 72,000.00  
---|---|---|---|---  
(2) | Special damages of S$4,992.70 |  | S$ | 2,995.62  
(3) | Special damages of US$4,982.08 |  | US$ | 2,989.25  
(4) | Future TESE treatment, US$30,000 |  | US$ | 18,000.00  
(5) | Future ICSI treatment, US$80,000 |  | US$ | 48,000.00  
(6) | Pre-TESE/ICSI medication, US$56,226 |  | US$ | 33,735.60  
(7) | Hormone replacement therapy, US$98,374 |  | US$ | 59,024.38  
Total |  | S$ | 74,995.62  
|  | US$ | 161,749.23  
|  | (converted at the rate adopted by trial judge at US$1 [equals] S$1.74, this amounts to S$281,443.66)  
Grand total |  | S$ | 356,439.28  
  
  
  
As ruled by the judge below, items (1) and (2) shall carry interest at 3%, and
item (3) at 5%, from the date of the writ.  
  
**_Dr Tan`s appeal on costs_**

****

We now turn to Dr Tan`s appeal on costs. The judge made three orders on costs.
First, Dr Tan was to pay Mr Harte`s costs of the action. Second, Mr Harte was
to pay the costs of Gleneagles Hospital. He refused a Bullock/Sanderson order
asked for by Mr Harte. Third, the judge allowed two counsel for each party and
their costs to be taxed on the High Court scale, notwithstanding the total sum
awarded to Mr Harte was less than $250,000.  
  
Mr Harte has not appealed against the order requiring him to pay the costs of
Gleneagles Hospital. However, Dr Tan contends that the order requiring him to
pay the full costs of Mr Harte is wrong. This is because he had made an offer
to settle under O 22A r 9(3) and Mr Harte recovered an amount very much less
than the sum of $300,000 which was offered on 16 May 2000. However, in the
light of our decision above in enhancing the damages payable to Mr Harte, this
question has become academic. The damages we award herein to Mr Harte exceed
the sum offered.  
  
Before we conclude this judgment, there is another point on costs, which we
need to mention. Counsel for Dr Tan argues that much time and effort were
spent on determining whether Dr Tan was negligent in carrying out the
operation. He was vindicated on that. Therefore, Mr Harte should not be given
the full costs of the trial. However, having regard to the complex nature of
the claim, the close link between the post-operation negligence and the
operation itself and the conduct of Dr Tan as alluded to by the judge below,
we do not think he was wrong to have ordered full costs of the trial to Mr
Harte and we are not inclined to interfere with the judge`s exercise of his
discretion in the matter.  
  
**_Judgment_**

****

In the result the appeal of Mr Harte is allowed to the extent as indicated
above. However, as he failed on the two main issues - the question that
damages should not be reduced by 40% and the claim for loss of future earnings
- we would, therefore, only allow him half the costs of this appeal. The
security for costs, with any accrued interest, shall be refunded to Mr Harte
or his solicitors.  
  
In view of Mr Harte`s success in his appeal on quantum, the appeal on costs of
Dr Tan will have to be, and is, dismissed with costs. The security for costs
shall be paid out to Mr Harte or his solicitors to account of his costs of the
appeal.  
  
**Outcome:**

Order accordingly.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Oct 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

