Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Pick Hoo Kee  
[2001] SGHC 175

Case Number | : | CC No 33 of 2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 July 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Han Ming Kuang (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Accused in person   
Parties | : | —  
  
**Judgment:**

**Grounds of Decision**

1 The Accused pleaded guilty to two Charges of rape under Section 376 (1) of
the Penal Code. He admitted and consented to have a third Charge under the
same provision taken into consideration for the purpose of sentencing. All the
incidents of rape took place at the Accused’s flat between September and
November 2000. The Accused, 55 years old, is the uncle of the victim, 33 years
of age.

2 The victim became mentally retarded as a result of meningeal infection at
the age of two years old. She requires constant adult supervision and depends
on others to feed and to bathe her. Her ability to speak is also limited.

3 In 1982, when the victim was about 15, the victim’s mother arranged for her
to be taken care of by the Accused’s wife, who is the sister of the victim’s
mother. The victim’s parents were both working and were thus unable to take
care of her. The victim therefore lived with her aunt, the Accused and their
two sons. The victim’s mother would visit her during the school holidays or on
public holidays.

4 In December 2000, when the victim’s mother visited her, she noticed that the
victim appeared fat. The aunt explained that the victim had not cleared her
bowels for several days. The victim’s mother therefore did not suspect
anything untoward.

5 On 22 January 2001, the victim’s mother brought the victim home for the
Chinese New Year. She noticed that the victim’s stomach was bigger and her
breasts were big and hard.

6 On 25 January 2001, the victim’s mother called her sister. She informed her
that she suspected the victim was pregnant and asked whether the sister’s son
had done anything to the victim.

7 The victim’s aunt questioned her son but he denied having done anything to
the victim. The Accused told his wife that their son could not have made the
victim pregnant. He added that she could be fat because she had consumed a lot
of water.

8 On 26 January 2001, the victim’s mother tested the victim’s urine using a
pregnancy test kit. The results were positive. She then informed her sister
about it. When the sister asked the Accused who could have made the victim
pregnant, the Accused admitted that he was the culprit.

9 The first rape took place when the Accused and the victim were alone in the
flat. After the victim had answered the call of nature in the toilet in the
master bedroom, the Accused cleaned and washed her. She was naked. The Accused
then asked her to dress herself in her bedroom.

10 While she was in her bedroom, the Accused told her to lie down on her bed.
She complied. The Accused, who had only his shorts and underwear on, stripped
himself. He fondled her breasts and then pushed her legs apart. He had
unprotected sexual intercourse with her and ejaculated into her vagina. The
victim lay very still and did not make any sound during the episode.

11 The Accused then put on his shorts and underwear and told the victim to put
on her clothes. After she had done so, he fed her dinner.

12 The second rape took place one or two weeks after the first and the facts
were essentially the same.

13 On 30 January 2001, the victim’s mother brought her to the Thomson Medical
Centre for an examination. The ultrasound results revealed that the victim was
some 20 weeks pregnant. That night, a report was lodged by the victim’s mother
with the Criminal Investigation Department.

14 On 3 February 2001, an abortion was carried out. The victim underwent a
Caesarean hysterectomy and made an unremarkable recovery. Her blood tests for
sexually transmitted diseases showed negative results.

15 The blood specimen and placenta tissue of the foetus were sent to the
Health Science Authority for analysis. The victim’s, the Accused’s and his two
sons’ blood samples were also analysed. The DNA results concluded that the
Accused was the biological father of the foetus.

16 A psychological assessment was conducted on the victim on 14 February 2001
by the Institute of Mental Health. Her intellectual level was assessed to be
within the moderately retarded range. It was also reported that she was
"likely to be overall functioning at a social age of 2 years. Hence it would
not be difficult to manipulate her especially if the person is someone that
she is familiar with and knows what she likes. She is unable to understand the
nature of sex nor give consent or resist to sex. She will not be capable of
giving testimony during the trial."

17 The Prosecution submitted that "a stiff sentence should be meted out to
take into account the fact that the Accused raped his vulnerable and
defenceless mentally retarded niece several times, made her pregnant and
exposed her to the dangers of having an abortion after a gestational period of
over 20 weeks." I was also told that the number of reported rape incidents had
increased about 23% from 1996 to 2000. In the first five months of this year,
there were three cases of rape against mentally retarded victims while there
was only one for the whole of last year.

18 My attention was drawn to _Liew Kok Meng v PP_ (CC 25 of 1999), where a 48
year old man pleaded guilty to two charges of rape (under Section 376 (1) of
the Penal Code) against his 13 year old neighbour with one similar charge
taken into consideration. The girl there was also mildly retarded and became
pregnant after the rapes. She had an abortion. Chan Seng Onn JC sentenced the
man to 15 years imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane for each charge,
with the imprisonment sentences to run concurrently. The Court of Appeal
dismissed the accused’s appeal against sentence.

19 In _PP v Abu Bin Talek_ (CC 27 of 1995), the 56 year old accused pleaded
guilty to one Charge of rape under Section 376 (1) of the Penal Code and had
three similar Charges taken into consideration. He was sentenced to 14 years
imprisonment but was spared caning as he was more than 50 years old. The
victim there was also mentally retarded and had become pregnant. She too
underwent an abortion.

20 The Accused, a forklift driver, pleaded for leniency. He said his wife was
of poor health. She is working. His elder son is slightly retarded and is
earning a monthly income of about $500. His younger son is serving in the
Singapore Armed Forces. He said he had to do all the housework and take care
of his family. He also claimed that he had a heart disease and that his urine
was acidic. He urged me to sentence him to no more than eight to ten years.

21 He has no similar previous conviction. He was arrested on 2 February 2001
and has been in custody since.

Sentence

22 The law provides in Section 376 (1) of the Penal Code that whoever commits
rape shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 20
years, and shall also be liable to fine or to caning. The Accused, being 55
years of age, is not liable to be caned.

23 The Accused has violated a 33-year-old body in which resides a 2-year-old
mind. Sexual assault by a stranger is a nasty experience. To be raped by one’s
uncle must be ghastly. When the victim in question is a lady who cannot fend
for or defend herself because of her unfortunate mental condition, the rapes
are nothing short of dastardly.

24 The Accused caused the victim to be pregnant and to undergo the risks of an
abortion after more than 20 weeks of pregnancy.

25 The fact that no violence was used is of no mitigating effect at all here
as absolutely no physical force was necessary to coerce or to subdue the
victim.

26 He has pleaded guilty and that is of some mitigating force. However, the
Prosecution would have little difficulty proving the crimes against the
Accused in view of the DNA report and the Accused’s admission to his wife.

27 The only voice that this victim has is that of the Court and this Court
must speak to the Accused in words which make it manifestly clear that people
who take advantage of vulnerable and defenceless victims will be severely
punished by the law. The Accused is 55 years old. If he were below 50 years of
age, I would most certainly have sentenced him to at least eight strokes of
the cane for each Charge. Bearing in mind the totality principle in
sentencing, I sentence the Accused to 10 years imprisonment on each of the two
Charges, with both sentences to run consecutively with effect from 2 February
2001, making a total of 20 years imprisonment.

Tay Yong Kwang  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jul 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

