Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Kim Eng Securities (Pte) Ltd v Ong Eng Poh  
[2001] SGHC 18

Case Number | : | Suit 1412/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 January 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Joseph Ang & Marina Chin (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the plaintiffs; Tan Cheng Han (as counsel) and Oommen Mathew (Tan Peng Chin & Partners) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Kim Eng Securities (Pte) Ltd â€” Ong Eng Poh   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**_Cur Adv Vult_**

_

Introduction

_

1\. Kim Eng Securities Pte Ltd (the plaintiffs) are a company incorporated in
Singapore and were/are at all material times a member of the Stock Exchange of
Singapore Ltd (SES) and a dealer in securities quoted on the SES.

2\. Ong Eng Poh (Ong) the defendant in Suit No. 1412 of 1999 (the first suit)
and a chartered accountant by training was, at the material time, a partner
with the accounting firm of Ernst & Young (EY) and was its audit manager. Ong
had joined EY's predecessor Arthur Young (AY) in 1985; after its merger with
Ernst & Whinney, AY became EY. While he was with AY in or about 1983, Ong had
as a colleague one Charles Chua Kuan Lim (Charles) who was the firm's
administration manager and later its financial controller.

3\. Chu Li Fuen (Chu) the defendant in Suit No 600265 of 2000 (the second
suit) is the wife of Ong while Ching Sok Gek (Ching) the defendant in Suit No
600266 of 2000 (the third suit) was secretary to Ong while he was with AY and
for less than a year, after he joined EY.

_

The facts

_

4\. After becoming the financial controller of AY, Charles changed jobs and
profession. He became a dealer's representative (remisier) some time in 1987.
In or about 1991, he joined the stockbroking firm of Lee & Company (Lee & Co)
after joining and leaving two (2) other securities firms. According to
Charles, while he was with Lee & Co in 1998 (which office was in the same
building as AY), Ong approached him to open a trading account. Ong's version
was, that it was Charles who wanted his business to which Ong's response was,
if Charles wanted his business, then Charles must be prepared to grant Ong a
(longer) credit period of 10 days which grace period another remisier at Lee &
Co used to extend to Ong. Charles agreed to Ong's condition and the latter
opened a trading account with Lee & Co. Ong traded with the firm through
Charles until Charles left Lee & Co in December 1998.

5\. According to Charles, when he joined the plaintiffs in January 1999, he
did not inform Ong but the latter tracked him down and requested to open an
account with the plaintiffs. Ong's version was, that he was told by Charles
that the latter would be joining the plaintiffs and in addition to the
extended 10 days' credit period, Charles offered to grant to Ong (if he became
a client) an additional 2 days' credit period by not booking out any purchase
of shares until the third day through the plaintiffs' 'suspense' account.
Accordingly, Ong opened an account with the plaintiffs on 25 January 1999
under trading account no. 21/26/170148. Besides that account, Charles said Ong
also opened a margin account no. 21/26/170221 with the plaintiffs; this was
denied by Ong. Charles understood from Ong that the latter did not trade
exclusively through the plaintiffs as, Ong had trading accounts with other
broking houses. This part of the testimony was confirmed by Ong.

6\. In early January 1999, Ong requested Ching to open an account with the
plaintiffs. Ching filled in her particulars on the plaintiffs' application
form at home, signed it and handed it to Ong together with a copy of her
identity card. Ong in turn handed the documents to Charles. Ong said Ching did
not meet Charles or liaise with him on her account until after July 1999.

7\. As he was busy with his work at EY, Ong said he relied on Charles for
advice to trade. In his affidavit, Ong described Charles as a conservative
broker who sometimes advised Ong against investing in counters which other
stockbrokers recommended. Before May-June 1998, Ong's trading volume was low.
However, as was reflected in the plaintiffs' statements of accounts produced
in court, Ong's trading volume increased dramatically from about mid-1998
onwards, after he left EY in May 2000. In particular, Ong concentrated on and
traded in large quantities in, a number of counters amongst which were Hotung
and Labroy.

8\. Some time in April 1999, Ong (who had made a huge profit on the stock
market) decided to make a gift to his wife of about $250,000. Rather than give
the sum to her in cash, Ong decided to buy some 'blue chip' shares in her
name. To that intent and purpose, Ong (after consulting Charles) decided to
buy the foreign (F) shares of Overseas Union Trust (OUT) which were apparently
undervalued. Chu opened a trading account with the plaintiffs on 20 April 1999
under account no. 21/26/170281 (Chu's account) by signing the plaintiffs'
account opening form at home as requested by Ong, which he then passed back to
Charles together with a photocopy of Chu's identity card. Charles bought
66,000 OUT (F) shares on Ong's behalf in May 1999 and the same were deposited
into Chu's Central Depository Pte Ltd (CDP) account.

9\. In mid-1999 (according to Ong), Charles asked Ong for some shares to be
pledged to the plaintiffs so that Ong's credit facilities could be increased.
Ong acceded to the request and his credit facilities were indeed increased. To
facilitate the pledge, Ong said he pre-signed blank share transfer forms to
enable the plaintiffs to transfer to themselves Ong's shares in his CDP
account. Ong also claimed that Charles assured him that he/the plaintiffs
would not use the pre-signed forms without Ong's prior consent and authority
which assurance Charles/the plaintiffs apparently breached subsequently.

10\. On or about Wednesday 7 July 1999, the stock market took a sudden turn
for the worse. A few days prior thereto, Ong had purchased through Charles
substantial quantities of Labroy and Hotung shares which however were not
booked into his but into, Chu's account and Ching's with the plaintiffs, for
reasons which will be set out in the next paragraph. The stock market worsened
the next day causing anxiety to Ong. However, on Friday 9 July 1999, the stock
market recovered reasonably strongly and Charles advised Ong to wait until the
following week to gauge the market sentiment before closing out his
outstanding positions, save for those shares which Ong had bought earlier and
on which he had already made a profit.

11\. 600,000 Hotung shares and 200,000 Labroy shares were booked into Chu's
account because, according to Ong, Charles said the plaintiffs would not allow
Ong an extended credit period for those few counters he had purchased in such
large quantities; it was at Charles' suggestion that those trades were booked
into Chu's account. For the same reason, Ong's purchase of 600,000 Hotung
shares on 8 July 2000 were booked into Ching's account. However, neither Chu
nor Ching were aware of these purchases until well after their execution.

12\. I should add that when he was with AY and Charles was with Lee & Co, Ong
had also asked Ching to open a trading account which he used for his own
trades. He explained that the nominee account was opened for 'sensitive
reasons' on Charles' recommendation as Ong did not want his
friends/acquaintances to know he was a substantial shareholder in certain
public companies \-- otherwise his name would appear in annual reports if he
was one of the companies' top 20 shareholders. Hence, Ong would use Ching's
account with Lee & Co to trade whenever he did not want his name to be
featured. It was Ching's testimony however that only 2 small trades (in
Inchcape and KepFel shares) were done by Ong on her account with Lee & Co.

13\. According to Ong, he telephoned Charles on Monday 12 July 1999 to check
on market conditions. He was told that the market was trading sideways and was
a bit volatile. However, Charles advised Ong not to be hasty and assured him
that he (Charles) would negotiate a financial arrangement for Ong with the
plaintiffs just as he had done for Ong when Ong bought shares in Inchcape
Marketing (Inchcape) which counter became the subject of a take-over offer.
Ong alleged that Charles represented to him there would be a standstill
arrangement (the standstill agreement) whereby the plaintiffs would allow Ong
a certain grace period in which to sell the shares on his outstanding
positions at a higher price.

14\. Ong claimed that later that same day, Charles reverted to say he had
discussed the matter with the plaintiffs' finance director Ms Gee Gek Leng
(Gee) who had agreed to hold Ong's outstanding positions (including those
purchases which Charles had booked into the accounts of Chu and Ching) until
such time as the market turned around. This claim was denied by both Charles
and Gee.

15\. Ong said he met Charles on Saturday 17 July 1999 and they discussed the
grace period for the standstill agreement. While Ong felt that the market
might rebound around end September 1999, Charles thought it would only do so
at end November 1999. It was at this meeting that Charles, upon being informed
by Ong that the latter would receive his 1999 profits from EY, proposed that
Ong should effect an assignment to the plaintiffs of those profits; Ong agreed
to assign half of his profits (after tax) provided that the plaintiffs
substantiate the outstandings due from him. Charles suggested a letter of
undertaking (the letter of undertaking) from Ong to that effect; Ong agreed
provided that the same was not disclosed to EY as he did not want his partners
there to know about his financial affairs. Ong alleged (but which was denied)
that Charles agreed the letter of undertaking would not be revealed to EY; he
said Charles assured him (which was also denied) that the letter of
undertaking was unlikely to be called upon in any event because with the
standstill arrangement, Ong should be able to realise higher prices on the
shares on his outstanding positions and the sale proceeds would be sufficient
to settle Ong's outstandings, together with the shares which Ong had pledged
to the plaintiffs.

16\. There then followed a meeting between Ong, Charles and Gee on 19 July
1999 at which the outstanding positions of Ong, Chu and Ching were discussed.
Ong alleged that after the meeting, he was told by Gee and Charles that they
would speak to the plaintiffs' managing-director (Ronald Ooi) to finalise the
standstill agreement; this too was denied by them.

17\. On 20 July 1999, Charles purportedly informed Ong that Ronald Ooi had
agreed to the standstill agreement subject to three (3) conditions, namely
that:-

> a. Ong gave the letter of undertaking;
>
> b. Ong signed two (2) guarantees (in terms to be prepared by the plaintiffs'
> solicitors) for shares bought/booked under Chu's and Ching's accounts;
>
> c. Ong, Chu and Ching opened margin financing accounts with the plaintiffs.

18\. Although Ong had misgivings on item (c) vis a vis his wife and Ching (as
they were not involved in his purchase of shares under their accounts), he
nevertheless brought Ching to the plaintiffs' office that same evening as
requested by Charles. Upon their arrival, Ong and Ching were told by Charles
that the draft guarantees were not ready and it was also not necessary for
them to open margin financing accounts at that juncture. However, the draft
letter of undertaking was produced and Ong noted therefrom that the terms did
not accord with what he had discussed with Charles as:-

> a. it did not refer to the standstill agreement;
>
> b. it related to 100% instead of 50% of Ong's share of profits from EY and
> was not net of tax;
>
> c. Ong had to notify EY if required by the plaintiffs.

Charles however advised Ong not to make any changes to the draft as they would
not be accepted by the plaintiffs' lawyers. However after many discussions,
Charles agreed to para c of the letter of undertaking being amended.
Eventually, Ong signed the letter of undertaking on 21 July 1999.

19\. At about this time (Ong alleged), Charles proposed that Ong surrender the
log-book of Chu's Mercedes Benz S-class car as a goodwill gesture for the
plaintiffs to comply with some internal procedure, with an assurance that
Charles would not use it for any other purpose. Ong not only did not object to
Charles' request but even volunteered to give to the plaintiffs the log-book
of his own car (an Audi).

20\. Notwithstanding the standstill agreement, the plaintiffs started selling
Ong's shares from 20 July 1999 onwards. Indeed, on 15 July 1999, Charles also
sold off Chu's 66,000 OUT (F) shares. By late July 1999, according to the CDP
statements and the plaintiffs' statements, Charles had sold off, without Ong's
prior knowledge or consent, his 350,000 Golden Agri shares pledged with the
plaintiffs. When Ong received the plaintiffs' statements evidencing the forced
sales, he queried Charles who explained that he had sold those counters which
did not have strong fundamentals, pointing out that their prices may
deteriorate further if Ong held on to them. He asked Ong to identify those
counters which Ong felt should not be sold as they were fundamentally strong.
When Ong protested pointing out there was the standstill agreement, Charles
told Ong (in his letter dated 2 September 1999) that there was no standstill
but only a 'relief period' which he had obtained from Ronald Ooi. Although Ong
was not satisfied with Charles' explanation, he felt he was at the plaintiffs
mercy. Ong identified Hotung, ASA Ceramics and GES as counters which were
financially strong, in line with Charles original 'buy' recommendation to him.
Even so, Charles continued selling Ong's shares (including Hotung) until 31
August 1999. Charles also told Ong that Ronald Ooi had queried why Ong had not
sold his GES shares when the price had risen. Charles then insisted on selling
and did sell, Ong's GES shares (1.2m) despite the latter's protests.
Thereafter, according to Ong, Charles continued to apply pressure on Ong to
raise more cash or collateral.

21\. One form of collateral Ong offered was, a charge to the plaintiffs of
CLOB shares in the CDP account of one Teng Seok Eng (Teng). Although Ong's
offer was accepted by Charles (in exchange for not taking any action against
Ong on his contra losses), there were subsequent disagreements between Ong and
Charles on the wording of the charge documentation on which both the
plaintiffs and Teng sought legal advice. Charles apparently threatened Ong he
would reveal to EY the letter of undertaking if the charge documentation was
not signed. Eventually (on 17 September 1999), Teng did sign a charge in
favour of the plaintiffs and notice of which was given to the CDP. Ong said he
did not know what the plaintiffs did with the charge documentation but, he
understood that once the charge was executed, in accordance with the wording,
the plaintiffs would not take any action against him, at least for a
reasonable period of time. The plaintiffs denied this contention. Gee, in her
written testimony, pointed out that contrary to what had been agreed, Ong
changed the wording in the memorandum of charge. In the plaintiffs' draft, the
indulgence granted to Ong would be for so long as the plaintiffs saw fit but
the words _'for so long as you may think fit'_ were omitted from the
memorandum executed by Teng; hence the charge was unacceptable to the
plaintiffs.

22\. A few days after Ong had signed the letter of undertaking, Charles
suggested that Chu's and Ong's cars be used as collateral to raise funds to
pay for some of the shares in Ong's outstanding positions. Despite Ong's
protests, Charles arranged for a used car salesman to look into the matter.
Ong on his own accord, was able to obtain financing of $140,000 for both cars
from a credit finance company. Charles then insisted that Ong sell the
Mercedes, despite Ong's protests. However, as the stock market was still weak
and the shares on his outstanding positions had not increased in value, Ong
agreed. The car was eventually sold on 8 August 1999 for $197,000 through
Ong's own newspaper advertisement. Initially, the $20,000 deposit paid by the
buyer was credited to Chu's account (by mistake according to Charles).
However, the entire sale proceeds were eventually credited to Ong's account
despite a letter to the plaintiffs from Chu (dated 13 August 1999) requesting
that the monies should be credited to her account as she used the car
exclusively and was its beneficial owner (although it was registered in Ong's
name for insurance purpose in order to obtain a higher no claim bonus). At the
same time, Charles collected from Ong the two guarantees dated 10 August 1999
Ong had signed (based on drafts previously given by Charles) wherein Ong
guaranteed the liability of Chu and Ching. According to Charles, Ong
'volunteered' to give the guarantees and he saw no reason to refuse them as
they were additional comfort. Although Chu wrote to the plaintiffs on 20
August 1999 enclosing Ong's confirmation that the sale proceeds of the
Mercedes should be credited to her account, the plaintiffs did not heed her
instructions. Instead, on 24 August 1999, Gee wrote to Ong to say that as he
was the vehicle's registered owner, the sale proceeds were credited to his
account; Gee asked for proof of Chu's ownership of the Mercedes. Ong replied
to Gee on 1 September 1999 enclosing a declaration that the Mercedes belonged
to Chu. Gee rejected Ong's declaration in her letter dated 3 September 1999.

23\. On 26 August 1999, a meeting took place between Charles, Ong, Gee and
Pauline See (Pauline) who is Chu's god-sister. Pauline requested and was given
a list of Ong's outstanding positions as at 25 August 1999; they included
those in Chu's and Ching's account. Ong claimed that Charles told him that as
he (Ong) had failed to deliver the charge documents to the plaintiffs, Charles
had sold the 600,000 Hotung shares booked into Ching's account. Charles on the
other hand said he told Ong that the plaintiffs would commence selling the
remainder of Ong's shares the following day unless Ong could come up with
additional collateral of $600,000-$700,000. Pauline said that profits (of not
less than $700,000) were due to Ong (some time in October 1999) from EY
whereupon Charles asked for an assignment of the same. Ong said that was not
possible as it would jeopardise his arbitration proceedings against EY for
wrongful dismissal. In the event, after a private discussion between Pauline
and Ong, Charles and Gee were told that Ong could not offer any more
collateral. Charles responded that the plaintiffs had no alternative but to
start selling shares that very afternoon itself. Pauline and Ong pleaded that
the plaintiffs accept less collateral to which Charles agreed, provided it was
at least $400,000 (20% of the outstanding sum of $2m) and, it was furnished by
30 August 1999. Charles' proposal was subsequently approved by his managing-
director. However, on 30 August 1999, Ong reverted to Charles to say that he
was unable to furnish any more collateral.

24\. Charles called Chu four (4) days later to say he had also sold the
600,000 Hotung shares booked into her account by Ong. Finally, on 2 September
1999, Charles informed Ong that the Hotung shares booked into Ong's own
account had also been force-sold. Ong's protests to Charles on these forced
sales were of no avail. In this regard, the plaintiffs produced and Charles
testified on, the hand-written notes he had made of his telephone
conversations with Ong (principally), Chu and Ching between 8 and 31 August
1999. No telephone records outside that period were kept by Charles, which
omission I shall touch on later. The main thrust of those telephone
conversations was, that Charles pressed all three (3) persons to sell the
Hotung shares under their respective accounts. When Charles was unsuccessful
in his attempts to contact the 3 persons or, they failed to give him their
instructions, he proceeded to and did, force-sell their Hotung shares as set
out in para 20 above. The plaintiffs also produced tapes (and transcripts) of
telephone conversations in their office between Ong and Charles on 6 August
1999. The parties however held a 'without prejudice' meeting on 9 September
1999 to discuss a repayment plan for Ong.

25\. On 13 September 1999, the plaintiffs' solicitors made a formal demand on
Ong for S$2,130,990.50 and US$285,740.46 (excluding interest). On 12 November
1999, their solicitors demanded payment of S$141,130.79 from Chu and
S$42,566.70 from Ching (excluding interest). On 1 October 1999, the plaintiffs
reported Chu's and Ching's accounts to the SES as delinquent accounts.
However, in January 2000, after the lawyers for Chu and Ching threatened
action if the same were not withdrawn, the plaintiffs withdrew their reports
of delinquent accounts. Through their common solicitors, Chu and Ching denied
liability contending that the plaintiffs through their agent Charles, had
agreed with Ong that Ong would be solely responsible for their accounts.

__

26\. The plaintiffs commenced the first suit against Ong in September 1999 and
the second and third suits against Chu and Ching in November 1999. In view of
the sums involved, the claims against Chu and Ching were initially filed in
the district and magistrates' courts respectively. On the application of the
plaintiffs made in OS 659 of 2000 (wherein Ong, Chu and Ching were named as
defendants), the proceedings against Chu and Ching were transferred to the
High Court and all three suits were consolidated.

_

A. The first suit

_

27\. A few days before commencement of the trial, counsel for Ong gave notice
to the plaintiffs' solicitors that Ong would no longer contest their clients'
claim in the first suit. Accordingly, on 12 September 2000, I awarded consent
judgment to the plaintiffs against Ong in the sums of US$285,740.46 and
S$1,722,823.09 with interest (of S$72,571.18 and further interest at 9% per
annum on both sums from 14 September 2000 to date of payment) and costs. The
judgment sum was the net principal sum owing to the plaintiffs after they had
sold all of Ong's unpaid shares as well as those shares in his CDP account
(save for one counter) which the plaintiffs had transferred to their own
account, using the blank share transfer forms which Ong had previously pre-
signed. Trial was therefore confined to the second and third suits.

_

B. The second suit

The pleadings

_

28\. In the statement of claim, the plaintiffs relied on cll 3 and 5 of the
application form signed by Chu as well as on cll 4.7 and 5.2 of the Bye-laws
of the SES to found their claim against her for $141,130.79, which comprised
of payments they had made on her account, losses arising from forced selling
of securities, contra losses, commissions earned and interest payable to the
plaintiffs.

29\. In the (re-amended) Defence, Chu admitted opening an account with the
plaintiffs in April 1999 but contended that she had never met nor dealt
directly with or at all, with any agent of the plaintiffs in respect of her
account and, the shares booked under her account were purchased by Ong. The
purchases were booked under Chu's account for the plaintiffs' own internal
purpose when Ong's credit limit for his own account with the plaintiffs was
exceeded. The arrangement was proposed and put into effect by the plaintiffs
and or their agent Charles on the clear understanding between Charles and Ong
that, Ong would be solely responsible for all the transactions booked by the
plaintiffs under Chu's account.

30\. Chu further alleged that the plaintiffs had assured/represented to Ong
that, under the standstill agreement reached in or about July 1999, they would
not force sell Ong's shares either under his account or under her account up
to October 1999, if Ong agreed (which he did) to give the letter of
undertaking and the letter of guarantee relating to her account. In breach of
the standstill agreement and their representations, Chu alleged that the
plaintiffs liquidated Ong's outstanding positions under his and her accounts
and force-sold his purchases including 600,000 Hotung and 200,000 Labroy
shares. Chu averred that but for the standstill agreement, Ong would have
closed his outstanding positions including those booked under Chu's trading
account and thereby reduced his losses.

31\. In the alternative, Chu alleged there was an oral agreement reached on or
about 10 August 1999 whereby the plaintiffs forbore to sue Ong and or Chu
until the conclusion or final disposal of Ong's arbitration proceedings with
EY, in consideration of Ong furnishing a third party charge over CLOB shares
to the plaintiffs which he did, through Teng.

32\. Chu also alleged that the plaintiffs as stockbrokers owed her and Ong a
duty of care/fiduciary duty under Bye-law V1 cl 2 of the Bye-laws of the SES
to act in good faith in their best interests. She averred that the plaintiffs
breached their duty of care to her when they failed to credit her account with
the sale proceeds of her Mercedes car, against her express instructions. Hence
she counter-claimed those sale proceeds as well as the sale proceeds for her
66,000 OUT (F) shares the plaintiffs sold without her consent and which sale
proceeds they wrongfully credited to Ong's account.

33\. Yet another alternative defence raised by Chu was that the plaintiffs had
contravened the provisions of the Moneylenders' Act Cap 188 and were precluded
from claiming under the contract with her as it was void for illegality.

34\. In the (amended) reply, the plaintiffs admitted that none of their
dealers or remisiers had met Chu. They averred that Charles was her agent for
dealing in securities at the material time and that in all cases, he confirmed
to Chu at the end of each trading day all trades executed by him on her behalf
under her account. The plaintiffs contended that instructions to trade were
given on Chu's behalf by Ong and she never disputed those transactions. They
denied that the transactions were Ong's but booked into Chu's account. The
plaintiffs contended that even if Chu had a private arrangement with Ong in
that she permitted him to use her account, this was not known to the
plaintiffs and Chu remained liable to them. The plaintiffs pointed out that
contract notes, contra statements, quarterly statements and other documents
were sent to Chu in the usual course and, as she did not object to any of the
transactions, Chu was now estopped from doing so.

35\. The plaintiffs denied there was a standstill agreement (whether oral or
written) and that they had made any representations to Ong but admitted that
Ong had executed the letter of undertaking and a guarantee for Chu's
liabilities. They also admitted that they sold out Chu's outstanding positions
(which were not Ong's) as they were entitled to but they were not obliged to
inform either her or Ong nor render her an account of those sales. Chu had
full knowledge of those sales in any case as, Charles contacted her and
informed her of the intended sales including the proposed prices, before they
were carried out. The plaintiffs contended they were under no duty to sell
Chu's shares at a time when they could have fetched a higher price.

36\. The plaintiffs admitted Teng had executed a charge of CLOB shares in
their favour but contended that the charge was not effective and, they did not
agree to or approve the terms of, the charge. They averred they had at all
times carried out their duties in respect of Chu's account under Bye-law V1 cl
2 of the SES and, acted in her best interests. They inter alia, denied that
the transactions were illegal by reason of the Moneylenders' Act and that they
had financed Chu's purchases in a manner contrary to that Act.

_

C. The third suit

The pleadings

_

37\. The plaintiffs' claim against Ching was similar to their claim against
Chu; it was based on the same clauses (3 and 5) in the application form she
signed for the opening of her account as well as on the same Bye-laws (4.7 and
5.2) of the SES. Similarly, Ching raised the same defences to the plaintiffs'
claim as Chu, including the contention that Ong used her account to book his
purchases and, it was done by Charles for the plaintiffs' own internal
purposes.

_

The plaintiffs' case

_

38\. I start my review of the evidence with the testimony of Charles (PW1) who
was the plaintiffs' principal witness for both suits. In para 94 of his
affidavit of evidence in chief, Charles deposed that at no time did he treat
Chu's account as Ong's or that he agreed Ong would be responsible for amounts
owed on her account. He asserted that Ong conveyed her instructions on Chu's
behalf and he always contacted her at the end of the day to report on the
transactions done and, she never told him that he need not call her nor that
the transactions were not hers. To support this statement Charles' handwritten
notes for 20 and 30 August 1999 were produced by the plaintiffs wherein he had
recorded:

> August 20 Called 4680120; GO'S house and spoke to his wife about selling
> Hotung shares. She said she had given full authority to GO to sell them
> (approximately 12.15 before lunch).
>
> August 30 .Called GO's house at 5.25pm and spoken to his wife and informed
> her that her shares were sold. She asked if GO knew about it and I confirmed
> 'yes'. She asked the price it was sold. I replied US$ x 0.44061.

I should point out that the initials 'GO' stood for George Ong, George being
Ong's Christian name. Chu however testified that Charles had never contacted
her at the end of the day to report on the trades done for her.

39\. Questioned by counsel for Chu whether he had received any documents
authorising Ong to give instructions on Chu's account, Charles merely said
that was besides the point as, if the trades he carried out on Chu's behalf
were not hers, she could easily have disputed them which she did not. He
explained he force-sold her 600,000 Hotung shares on 30 August 1999 more than
1 month after their due date because he was busy with Ong's own account -- in
any case, Chu did not call him to say she wanted him to sell the shares
earlier. When counsel pointed out that if indeed Ong had nothing to do with
Chu's account, then Charles should have no difficulty in selling her shares,
Charles replied that Ong had pleaded with him to make an exception for his
wife as she (Chu) was unstable and apparently had had a nervous breakdown at
one time; he had overheard Chu screaming at Ong on one occasion when he
telephoned their house. To counsel's and then the court's question whether he
had obtained Chu's permission to extend the force-selling date, Charles
prevaricated -- he said that he/the plaintiffs had the full discretion to sell
and there was an agreement. In this regard, it was pointed out to Charles that
he had furnished Answers to Interrogatories administered by Ong's counsel and
his Answer to the first Interrogatory was as follows:

> To the 1st Interrogatory, namely how long, from the due date of the contract
> of purchase of shares, would the plaintiffs force sell the shares on behalf
> of customers to pay for the shares, that the plaintiffs would generally
> force sell these shares bought on behalf of customers on D + 4 days, D being
> the due date of the contract. However, approval may be granted for force
> selling to be delayed if there is an agreement between the plaintiffs and
> their customers to extend the date of force selling.

40\. Shown his above Answer, Charles then said that because of Ong's plea and
as he had a discretion whether or not to sell, he withheld selling until later
although there was no agreement. He neither needed a client's approval to
force-sell once the due date had passed nor to delay force-selling after that
date. In Chu's case, the delay was also because she either avoided or did not
return his, calls and, when she did call, she requested him not to sell.
Moreover, he was monitoring the market price of Hotung shares and when they
showed a down trend, he started his attempts to contact Chu.

41\. Gee (PW2) also testified for the plaintiffs. Gee's testimony was confined
to what transpired at the meetings on 26 August and 9 September, 1999. Cross-
examined on the sale proceeds of the Mercedes, Gee confirmed that the logbooks
of that car and the Audi were handed to the plaintiffs as collateral for Ong's
account. Yet, when she rejected Chu's written request to credit the sale
proceeds of the Mercedes to Chu's account, she did not give this as the real
reason for her refusal because 'it slipped her mind'. She replied to Chu's
letter to dispose of the nuisance factor because she understood from Charles
that Ong had been harassing him on the matter. In re-examination, Gee
testified that after her reply to Ong dated 3 September 1999 (rejecting his
declaration that the Mercedes belonged to Chu), he did not raise the subject
of the car's sale proceeds again.

42\. Further cross-examination of Gee adduced the following evidence:-

> a. the settlement period of T+10 was only extended to certain clients of the
> plaintiffs and (by agreement) Ong was one of them;
>
> b. she was surprised that Chu's creditworthiness (and Ching's) was not
> verified when she opened an account with the plaintiffs. It was the
> plaintiffs' practice to check on a client's employment but not his, income
> status. The plaintiffs relied on the remisiers concerned for information on
> their clients as well as on their financial background, in the opening of
> accounts for retail clients. Even so, it was unusual for such credit to be
> given to a first time client like Chu, for her initial purchase of 200,000
> KepFel shares @ $4.05 (and similarly to Ching for her initial purchase of
> 100,000 KepFel shares @ $4.67). Although she was unaware of the reasons for
> the plaintiffs' extending the credit/credit period to Chu/Ching, Gee denied
> that it was because Charles had agreed with Ong that the latter would be
> responsible for both their accounts.

43\. The plaintiffs/Charles placed great store on taped telephone
conversations which took place between Ong and Charles, on 6 August 1999,
particularly on the vexed question of whether there was/was not a standstill
agreement; the tapes were produced as an exhibit (P2) while the transcripts
formed part of the agreed bundle (AB 394-401). The plaintiffs went to the
extent of calling their electronic date processing assistant one Mohamed
Suhaimi bin Abdul Hafidz (Suhaimi) to testify that he had made preparations
for the taping of the conversations, on Gee's instructions, for both telephone
lines of Charles. Suhaimi (PW4) testified that he tested the system by calling
Charles after setting up the system, to ensure that it worked. In his
testimony, Ong disputed the accuracy as well as completeness, of some of the
transcripts. Counsel for the plaintiffs indicated to the court he was prepared
not to rely on the disputed portions of those transcripts.

44\. The defendants on their part, produced (also as part of the agreed
bundle) the telephone bills for Ong's mobile telephone numbered 96179220 (as
listed on the letterhead of his correspondence) covering the period 6 July-6
September 1999 (see 1AB151-201). Amongst the many incoming/outgoing calls were
those from/to telephone numbers 8370853 and 8370715. According to the letter
dated 27 April 1999 (1AB203) from the plaintiffs to Chu (after she had opened
her account), those were the telephone contacts of Charles. However, no
evidence whatsoever was adduced on these telephone bills by the defendants nor
did the plaintiffs question them. Hence, the only conclusion one can draw
therefrom is, that Charles called Ong or vice versa.

45\. Under cross-examination, Charles denied that the reason he required Ong
to give the letter of undertaking and guarantees for Chu and Ching was because
he knew that Ong was responsible for the losses in their accounts as well as
his own. Counsel drew Charles' attention to the fact that at the meetings on
26 August and on 9 September 1999 (see minutes at exhibit P1), the total
losses of Ong computed by the plaintiffs and estimated at $2m included Chu's
(and Ching's). Charles explained that the total losses arising from all 3
accounts were given at Pauline's request. He asserted that Ong did not at the
meetings say he would pay the losses in the other 2 accounts -- it was
difficult enough to get Ong to commit himself to paying for his own losses let
alone for the losses incurred by Chu and Ching. In any case, Ong's own
outstanding account was in the region of $2m; it was only in his letters that
Ong proposed settling all 3 accounts. Counsel then referred Charles to AB70
which was Pauline's computation (based on the plaintiffs' information) showing
gross losses totalling S$2.315m and US$286,000 on all 3 accounts and net
losses of S$2.154m (after taking into account and deducting therefrom Ong's
after-tax profits from EY for 1999, the charged shares on CLOB and Ong's
expected proceeds from his arbitration with EY). Charles said he could not
remember any discussion on AB70 as his main concern at the meetings was to see
how Ong could make additional payments. Equally, Charles asserted that it was
Ong who insisted, not that he offered, a grace period of T + 10 (trade plus 10
days) for Ong to pay for his purchases, in place of the normal T + 5. He added
that he had a number of clients who paid on T + 10 basis although that did not
mean that they could not and did not pay, earlier. Pressed on whether those
clients were in the minority, Charles said he never had occasion to tally the
numbers who qualified for this privilege.

46\. Charles said Chu had previously, purchased equivalent quantities of
Hotung and Labroy shares; hence he did not consider her purchases in July 1999
to be unusually large. As she had bought shares up to the value of $1.4m and
paid for them prior thereto, the plaintiffs used that factor as a benchmark to
extend credit to her, notwithstanding that she was not gainfully employed. In
any case, in her application form for opening her account, Chu had described
herself as a director (see AB 242) in a consultancy (EPGO Consulting Pte Ltd).
Charles said he was not aware that the plaintiffs required verification of a
client's income and in Chu's case (as well as Ching's), it was not done. He
would never open nominee accounts for clients as he felt it was
morally/legally wrong; he denied that Chu (and Ching) were nominees of Ong.
Otherwise he would not have gone to so much trouble to try to contact Chu on
20 and 24 August 1999 before selling her shares.

47\. Contrary to Ong's allegations, Charles deposed that the pre-signed blank
transfer forms could only have been used with Ong's specific prior consent and
authority. Otherwise, the plaintiffs would not know the names and quantities
of shares to be inserted in each transfer form. Consequently, it was with
Ong's consent that 500,000 Hotung, 452,000 ASA Ceramics and 20,000 Low Keng
Huat shares were transferred from Ong's CDP account to that of the plaintiffs.

48\. As for the Mercedes, Charles asserted that in his telephone conversations
with Ong (prior to his receipt of Chu's letter dated 13 August 1999), it was
always understood/agreed that the sale proceeds would be utilised to settle
the outstandings on Ong's, not Chu's account.

_

The second suit

Chu's case

_

49\. In her written testimony, Chu (who is a chartered accountant by training
but had ceased practice since 1987) testified that:

> a. she opened an account with the plaintiffs at Ong's request to facilitate
> his purchase in her name of OUT (F) shares as a gift; she did not know the
> price he paid for the 66,000 OUT (F) shares. Thereafter she had no further
> involvement in the account;
>
> b. she did not instruct Charles or anyone else in the plaintiffs to purchase
> 600,000 Hotung shares or 200,000 Labroy shares; neither did Charles call her
> after their purchase to confirm the trades. She did not authorise the
> plaintiffs to take instructions from any third party/Ong for her account;
>
> c. she had never met Charles (or anyone from the plaintiffs' office) and did
> not know who he was until he started calling her house to look for Ong in
> mid-July 1999;
>
> d. Charles called her (unexpectedly and without warning) on 30 August 1999
> to inform her of the sale. She was surprised and referred him to Ong as she
> had not purchased the shares in the first place. The very first time she
> spoke to him was when Charles called her soon after the sale of the
> Mercedes;
>
> e. neither Charles nor anyone else from the plaintiffs called her when they
> sold the shares between 23 and 27 July 1999; she spoke to Charles (for the
> second time) after their sale;
>
> f. she understood from Ong that it was actually at the suggestion of Charles
> that the Hotung and Labroy shares were booked into her account and, the
> plaintiffs were fully aware and agreed that Ong would be fully responsible
> for those trades;
>
> g her belief that Ong was to be responsible for the Hotung and Labroy shares
> in her account was reinforced by the fact that Ong had given an
> unconditional guarantee dated 10 August 1999 to the plaintiffs (to pay her
> debts); she also did not see any contract notes or contra statements giving
> rise to the contra losses all of which documents were handled directly and
> solely by Ong. Neither was she present at any meetings between Charles and
> Ong nor was she party to any discussions relating to the contra losses.

50\. As for the Mercedes, it was a gift to her from Ong notwithstanding that
it was registered in his name; it was partly paid from the sale proceeds of
her previous car while the hire-purchase instalments came from their joint
account and, she used the car exclusively. She was persuaded by Ong to sell
the car in early August 1999 when he told her there were potential losses on
her account. She agreed to do so (albeit very reluctantly) in order to stave
off further harassment from Charles who was calling Ong repeatedly, pestering
him to sell the car. She requested Ong to handle the sale on her behalf.
However, contrary to the specific instructions contained in her letter dated
13 August 1999 and reiterated in her letter dated 20 August, 1999, the
plaintiffs credited the entire sale proceeds of $197,000 to Ong's account. In
fact, the initial credit to her account of the $20,000 deposit paid by the
buyer was reversed and credited to Ong's account. Even the sale proceeds of
her 66,000 OUT (F) shares (which were sold without her prior knowledge) were
wrongfully set off against Ong's losses arising from the Hotung and Labroy
shares when the same should have been paid to her, in accordance with Ong's
specific instructions to the plaintiffs/Charles.

51\. Under cross-examination and re-examination, Chu testified that:-

> a. besides the plaintiffs, she had opened an account with another broking
> house (Warburg) to purchase 110,000 KepFel shares in 1999 using her CPF
> funds;
>
> b. Ong had used her account with the plaintiffs to purchase another 300,000
> KepFel shares which were subsequently converted into 825,000 KepFEI shares.
> She only knew about this transaction after it was done when Ong requested
> her to accompany him to the CDP to transfer out 765,000 shares to his
> account;
>
> c. prior to early August 1999, until Charles started calling her house (and
> she overheard some of the conversations between him and Ong), she had no
> knowledge that Ong had used her account for other trades and had incurred
> losses thereon;
>
> d. although the CDP statements were sent to her house including those for
> July 1999 which showed the Hotung and Labroy purchases, Chu said she saw
> those statements only in August - September 1999 when Ong showed them to
> her. By April 1999, he had stopped going to EY's office and, being at home
> most of the time, he checked the mail -- he kept anything that related to
> shares, including CDP statements. Although Ong did not keep his files under
> lock and key, nevertheless she would not look at the files as she knew that
> Ong did not like anyone to touch them. Moreover, her twin sister from
> England was staying with her for the whole of July 1999\. She was therefore
> very busy as, besides spending time with her sister, she had to take care of
> 3 young children;
>
> e. when Ong received (and showed her) the plaintiffs' letter of demand dated
> 13 September 1999 for $141,130.79 relating to the contra losses on her
> account, Chu did not reply because Ong had assured her (which she believed)
> that he would handle the matter as they were his, not her losses; she was
> not aware of Ong's follow-up action however;
>
> f. by the time she received the plaintiffs' solicitors' letter of demand
> dated 12 November 1999, the plaintiffs had already sued Ong and she
> therefore left the matter to his lawyers to handle;
>
> g. she found out (when Charles telephoned her) that, prior to her letter
> dated 13 August 1999 to them (regarding the sale proceeds of the Mercedes),
> the plaintiffs had received a similar letter signed on her behalf by Pauline
> without her knowledge or consent (because Pauline did not want to upset her
> further). As Pauline' signature was not acceptable to Charles, Chu then
> signed another copy of that same letter, dated 13 August 1999; there was no
> discussion with Charles on the contents;
>
> h. at the time the Mercedes was sold, she was not aware that there were
> actual, only that there were potential, losses in her account.

52\. Although Ong had consented to judgment in the plaintiffs' favour for the
first suit, he nevertheless appeared as a witness (DW3) for both Chu and
Ching. He corroborated their testimony and common defence that the losses in
their respective accounts were his responsibility, not theirs. Ong further
testified:-

> (i) he had earlier arranged for Ching to open a trading account with Lee &
> Co for his own use, on the suggestion of Charles;
>
> (ii) it was again at Charles' suggestion that the Labroy and Hotung shares
> he purchased on 5 and 8 July 1999 respectively were booked into Chu's and
> Ching's accounts;
>
> (iii) his state of mind when his telephone conversation with Charles on 6
> August 1999 was taped was one of distress and near hysteria;
>
> (iv) he was prompted to make a gift of OUT (F) shares to Chu because,
> besides having made a huge profit (in excess of $1m) in share trading, they
> were having marital problems at the material time;
>
> (v) when he instructed Warburg to purchase (and later to sell) 8,000 OUT (F)
> shares for Chu, the company telephoned Chu to confirm the trades prior to
> execution notwithstanding that Chu had given him a power of attorney for the
> account;
>
> (vi) besides being undervalued, OUT (F) was also an illiquid counter with no
> trading of the share on some days. Consequently, when he desperately needed
> to raise funds to pay for his trading losses, Ong approached the manager of
> a boutique fund to sell his OUT (F) shares; the fund manager declined as the
> latter found the quantity of shares too small. The only way Ong could
> persuade the fund manager to buy was to offer Chu's OUT (F) shares as well.
> The sale was done as a 'married deal' (off-market transaction) between
> Charles and the fund manager's stock broker. He could have effected the
> transaction through Warburg but he did it through the plaintiffs as a favour
> to allow Charles to earn the brokerage. Although he sold Chu's shares
> without her knowledge, he had obtained Charles' prior consent to pay Chu the
> sale proceeds of her OUT (F) shares at which juncture he thought he could
> explain to Chu why he had sold her shares. Chu did not have any contra
> losses as at the date of sale (15 July 1999 [see AB280]) apart from his
> potential losses on the Hotung and Labroy shares booked into her account.
> Had he entertained any doubts and had he known that Charles would renege on
> their agreement, he would not have sold his/Chu's OUT (F) shares through the
> plaintiffs. After the sale proceeds of her OUT (F) shares were credited to
> his account, Ong said he had still hoped to persuade Chu to lend those
> monies to him, in order to appease the plaintiffs.
>

>> __

The third suit

(i) Ching's case

53\. Ching's testimony for the third suit echoed that of Chu's -- she (DW2)
maintained that Ong was the true principal behind her account with the
plaintiffs and she had never given the plaintiffs/Charles any instructions to
trade in Hotung shares; neither had she authorised anyone to trade on her
behalf. She corroborated Ong's testimony that she did not visit the
plaintiffs' office to open her account; the requisite forms were brought to
her home which she completed, signed and returned to Ong with a photocopy of
her identity card. Like her previous account with Lee & Co, Ching asserted
that Charles knew that her account with the plaintiffs would be used by Ong to
trade and that, Ong would be solely responsible for all such trades. Indeed,
she did not make a single trade on her account. Like Chu, Ching maintained
that Ong's purchase of (600,000) Hotung shares was booked into her account on
the suggestion of Charles. The only time she saw Charles or anyone from the
plaintiffs was when she, at Ong's request (and accompanied by him) visited the
plaintiffs' office on or about 20 July 1999 with a view to signing certain
documents relating to some proposed share financing arrangements which
documents she eventually did not sign. That was also the first time she learnt
from Ong that there were potential losses on her account but, he also assured
her that the plaintiffs were aware he was solely responsible for the trades
and she had no liability whatsoever. Hence, she was not overly worried.

54\. Ching repeated Chu's belief that Charles/the plaintiffs knew she was not
liable for the losses on her account because they had requested from Ong the
unconditional guarantee which he signed, assuming her liability. Further, the
volume/value of trades carried out on her account were inconsistent with her
financial status as, she was just a secretary when she first knew Charles in
the mid-1980s and, she had been a part-time property agent with Knight Frank
Pte Ltd for less than a year when she opened her account with the plaintiffs
-- Charles never even asked her for any financial statements relating to her
creditworthiness. Her 1999 income, as assessed by the tax authorities, was
only $20,427.04.

55\. Cross-examined, Ching (who is currently a confidential secretary):-

> a. said she believed Ong would be liable for all the trades he carried out
> on her account even though he had his own account with the plaintiffs
> because of her past understanding with Ong (and Charles) for her account
> opened with Lee & Co, that Ong would be liable therefor -- hence she never
> questioned Ong when he asked her to sign the account opening forms of the
> plaintiffs nor what he did on her account thereafter;
>
> b. testified that when she opened her account with Lee & Co, Ong took her to
> see Charles; she was then no longer working for him;
>
> c. denied that Charles had contacted her to confirm the trades done on her
> account after they had been executed. She recalled that he had tried to
> contact her in August 1999 but she did not recall returning his telephone
> call on one occasion or that she had instructed him not to sell the Hotung
> shares;
>
> d. said that although statements relating to her accounts with Lee & Co and
> the plaintiffs were sent to her, she would normally pass them on to Ong,
> sometimes without first reading them. However, she did not see the
> plaintiffs' statements for June, July, September 1999, nor their letters of
> demand to her dated 29 October and 11 November 1999 for payment of her
> alleged contra losses and reporting hers as a delinquent account to the SES.
> She was only aware of the purchase of Hotung shares after the transaction
> had been executed;
>
> e. explained that when the shares purchased on her account with Lee & Co
> were sold, she paid out the proceeds to Ong after they had been credited to
> her bank account. To substantiate this evidence, Chin produced her POSB
> passbook which showed a withdrawal of $350,000 on 9 July 1999 (after an
> earlier credit entry of $350,071.21);
>
> f. revealed that the only share trading she did for herself was through her
> account with another broking house (Ong & Co);
>
> g. explained that it was because she believed Ong was liable for her account
> that she took no action on receiving the plaintiffs' letters (and their
> solicitors') demanding payment of the contra losses on her account. As
> Charles left Lee & Co, joined the plaintiffs and Ong again asked her to open
> an account thereafter, she assumed that the same understanding the parties
> had regarding her account with Lee & Co would also apply to her account with
> the plaintiffs, namely, Ong not she, would be liable for whatever happened
> to the account. Accordingly, she passed the plaintiffs' and their
> solicitors' letters (and even the writ of summons for the third suit) onto
> Ong to handle but she was not aware (nor did she ask) what action he took
> thereon. She trusted Ong absolutely and even left it to him to appoint
> solicitors to act for her in this matter.

_

(ii) the plaintiffs' case

_

56\. I have already set out the testimony of Charles in relation to the second
suit. His written testimony pertaining to Ching's account echoed what he said
about Chu's account \-- he relied on cll 3 and 5 of the plaintiffs' account
opening form and the relevant bye-laws of the SES. In his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, Charles went on to say (in para 111) that Ching gave him
instructions directly when he was with the plaintiffs, but sometimes she
instructed him through Ong in which case he would call her to confirm her
instructions. He claimed that Ching never told him that he need not call her
or that the transactions were not for her account. He deposed that at no time
did he treat her account as Ong's or that he had agreed that Ong would be
solely responsible for amounts due under her account and, denied counsel's
suggestion that the latter was the case. What I found remarkable about
Charles' written testimony was his total lack of details and particulars as
regards both Chu's and Ching's purchase of the (large) quantities of Hotung
and Labroy shares in their respective accounts (see paras 97 and 114 in his
affidavit). Indeed, there was absolutely no mention in his affidavit of when
and how Chu came to purchase 600,000 Hotung shares on 8 July 1999, in relation
to the first or the second, suits.

57\. Having reviewed all the relevant testimony, I turn now to consider the
common issue which needs to be determined for the second and third suits
namely:

_

Did Ong use Chu's and Ching's accounts to trade and was it done with the
knowledge and consent of Charles and or the plaintiffs?

_

An affirmative answer to the above question means that neither defendant would
be held liable to the plaintiffs.

58\. Before a finding can be made, it is necessary to look at the relevant
clauses in the plaintiffs' application form for the opening of accounts (the
form) and the bye-laws of the SES, upon which the plaintiffs base their
claims. The defendants on their part relied on the 'know your client' rule (as
described by the Chief Justice in _Choo Pit Hong v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 255)
encompassed in Bye-Law 111 cl 7(c). I start with cll 3 and 5 of the
plaintiffs' form which state as follows:

> 3\. I agree to abide by any condition the Company may impose from time to
> time for the operation of the Account including the demand for additional
> information and documentary proof for verification purposes and the
> prevailing Rules and Bye-Laws of the Stock Exchange of Singapore (SES) or
> any other regulatory body governing transactions in shares quoted on the SES
> or other stock exchanges.
>
> 5\. I understand that the Company reserves the right to charge me interest
> at such rate or rates as the Company may from time to time decide on any
> outstanding amount owing by me to the Company.

59\. The relevant bye-laws of the SES state:

> 4.7 _Delivery to and payment by clients_
>
> (a) If a purchaser not being a Member Company, fails to pay the amount due
> on the market day following the due date of the contract or in the case of a
> Time Bargain, fails to maintain the margin of cover prescribed by the
> Committee from time to time, it shall not be necessary for the Member
> Company selling such securities from its own account to, or buying such
> securities for the account of, the purchaser to tender the securities
> purchased, and the Member Company has the right, at any time after such
> failure to pay or maintain margin of cover, to force-sell the securities or
> any of the securities for which the purchaser has not made full cash
> payment. The Member Company may at any time thereafter sue such purchaser
> for the difference and all losses and expenses consequent on such force-
> sell. It shall not be necessary for the Member Company to give notice of
> such force-sale to the purchaser and all damages which the Member Company
> may sustain in this connection shall be recoverable by the Member Company
> from the purchaser as liquidated damages.
>
> (b) The close-off provision in (a) above will not apply where the Member
> Company has allowed the purchaser to effect a corresponding sale position
> subsequent to the purchase but not later than the due date of the purchase
> contract.
>
> 5.2 _Member Company and Client_
>
> (a) Payment by Buying Client:-
>

>> Buying clients may make payments at any time after the contract date but in
any case payments must be made by the market day following the due date of the
contract. Unless payment has been made in cash or delivery is made against the
Delivery Order on a purchaser's Bankers, delivery of securities to the
purchaser may be withheld at the Member Company's discretion until the
purchaser's cheque in payment has been finally cleared and the proceeds fully
in the possession of the Member Company. Payment shall be made promptly and
all bank charges shall be borne by the buying client where the shares are paid
on behalf of such client outside the Republic of Singapore

>
> (b) ..
>
> (c) When securities shall be sold out in accordance with these Bye-Laws the
> amount by which the net proceeds of sales after deducting brokerage and
> other charges shall be less than the contract price, including brokerage and
> other charges shall be a debt due by the defaulter to the Member Company and
> shall be payable immediately.
>
> 7\. _Clients' Accounts_
>
> (a)
>
> (b) .
>
> (c) _Opening of nominee accounts_
>
> Where an agency account is carried by a Member Company its files should
> contain the name of the principal for whom the agent is acting and written
> evidence of the agent's authority to trade.
>
> Where estate and trustee accounts are involved or where a husband is acting
> as agent for his wife, or a wife is acting for her husband, a Member Company
> should obtain advice from legal counsel as to the documents that should be
> obtained before opening the account.

60\. I am not certain how clause 3 of the form specifically applies to the
second and third suits. As for the plaintiffs' right to charge interest under
cl 5, that would depend on whether I find in their favour on both claims. The
plaintiffs rely on Bye-Law 4.7 for their unrestricted right to force-sell the
unpaid shares in Chu's and Ching's account at any time, which I agree was
undoubtedly their right. However, it would be contrary to the evidence for
them to rely on Bye-Law 4.7(a) when it is common ground that they granted Ong
and the other two defendants, the grace period of T+10 for purposes of
settlement. I understand their reliance on Bye-Law 5.2 to be for their right
to claim the shortfall between the force-sale proceeds and the purchase price
they advanced for those shares, and which forms the basis for the second and
third suits. It is also an undisputed fact that neither the plaintiffs nor
Charles had any express/written authority from Chu or Ching for their accounts
to be operated by Ong and or, for Ong to give instructions on their behalf,
apart from the bald assertion made by Charles in paras 94 and 111 of his
affidavit evidence in chief; clearly, Bye-Law 7(c) was breached.

_

The findings

_

61\. I turn now to my assessment of the testimony of the witnesses called for
the plaintiffs and the two defendants, starting with Charles. I have already
made some observations on parts of his testimony in paras 38 and 56 above. I
would go on now to add to those earlier comments. I turn my attention first to
the taped telephone conversation of 6 August 1999 between Charles and Ong; my
view is that the tape is completely irrelevant in relation to the second and
third suits. The transcript of that particular conversation suggests that Ong
admitted there was no standstill agreement, as alleged in his Defence and
written testimony. The issue of the standstill agreement became academic
however, when Ong consented to judgement on the first suit at the commencement
of trial. The only other comment I wish to make as regards the taped
conversation is, while Charles knew that it was being taped, Ong did not; it
would therefore not have been difficult for Charles to steer the conversation
in the direction he wanted, to an unsuspecting Ong.

62\. Next, I wish to touch on Charles' hand-written records of his various
telephone conversations in August 1999 with Ong (mostly), Chu and Ching.
Again, I am of the view that those notes have very little if any, probative,
value. I consider them to be self-serving documents generated by Charles to
fabricate evidence favourable to himself/the plaintiffs. I say that for the
following reasons:-

> a. by August 1999, the purchases of the huge quantities of Labroy and Hotung
> shares debited to Chu's and Ching's accounts had already been completed a
> month earlier. The August conversations related to the fate of those shares,
> it did not answer the question of who authorised their purchase in the first
> place, on 5 and 8 July 1999 respectively. I would have been more impressed
> had Charles/the plaintiffs produced tapes or records of conversations of
> what transpired between Charles and Ong or Chu or Ching in early July 1999;
> their non-production (apart from the possibility they were not available)
> suggests 2 things:- (i) if produced, they would not have supported the
> plaintiffs' case/Charles' testimony or, (ii) far worse, they would have
> substantiated the defendants' consistent defence that Ong made the purchases
> and, the Hotung and Labroy shares were 'parked' in Chu's and Ching's account
> at the suggestion of Charles. The reason behind the suggestion is not
> relevant -- whether it was because Ong had reached the limit of his credit
> with the plaintiffs (as Chu/Ching thought or were told) or for other
> considerations;
>
> b. Charles was assiduous in making those records because by then, he
> realised the gravity of the situation -- he was saddled with those shares
> and he had to find a solution. Hence, he made a pretence of contacting both
> Chu and Ching for their instructions (for the first time) when he well-knew
> that Ong was the actual buyer of those shares and, was unable to pay/take
> delivery.

63\. I had already observed in para 56 that Charles made no mention of Chu's
purchase of 600,000 Hotung shares at all in his written testimony. I believe
this was not an inadvertent but a deliberate, omission on his part. While he
was not prepared to depose on oath that Chu instructed him to purchase those
shares, neither did he say on oath that she did not; a deliberate omission is
no less reprehensible than a positive false assertion. In any case, I am of
the view that Charles did lie on oath (in para 94 of his affidavit) when he
deposed that Ong conveyed Chu's instructions to him and he always contacted
her at the end of the day to report on the transactions done; that statement
is only correct _after_ July 1999 when he wanted to force-sell her (and
Ching's) shares. The truth of the matter is, Charles met neither Chu nor Ching
when they opened their respective accounts (not disputed) and, he did not
speak to _either one of them_ until August 1999. Indeed, Chu did not meet him
until the first day of trial.

__

64\. Even if I accept Charles' testimony (which I do not) that the plaintiffs
did/do not require evidence of creditworthiness from a new client, I find it
remarkable that the plaintiffs/Charles would allow Ching (whom Charles knew to
be a secretary) to purchase 600,000 Hotung shares at US$361,905.50 (equivalent
to S$615,239.35 @ S$1.70 to US$1.00). In cross-examination, she revealed her
last drawn monthly salary with EY (in or about 1998) was S$2,000 while her
1999 income as a part-time property agent averaged out to S$1,702.25 per month
(annual income of $20,427.04 12). Further questioning by counsel for the
plaintiffs only made the situation worse for his clients -- Ching's past bonus
entitlement (1 month's salary) did not boost her earnings to any great extent
and it was not suggested to her that she was a woman of independent financial
means or, one who had come into some substantial inheritance or, obtained a
sudden windfall. The extracts which Ching exhibited (see **CSG-1**) of her
POSBank passbook only served to confirm she was a person of modest means; save
for the deposits and withdrawals of sums due to Ong in using her account to
trade, the balances in her account for July 1999 did not even exceed $10,000
except for one large deposit of CDP dividends ($17,280) which she could not
recall. The fact that Ching currently draws a monthly salary of $4,400 does
not advance the plaintiffs' case any further. The only logical conclusion that
can be drawn is, that Charles knew that Ching's account was operated by Ong
and she was his nominee.

65\. On the same issue of creditworthiness, I find Charles' explanation (that
it sufficed that Chu described herself as a director of a corporate
consultancy in the form) less than satisfactory. How does that help to
determine her earnings or income capacity, which only emerged under cross-
examination by counsel for the plaintiffs? In this connection, I recall that
Charles was evasive (see para 45 above) when cross-examined on the number of
his clients who were granted and the basis thereof, the privilege of T+10
settlement period. Gee however was more forthright; she said it was unusual to
extend such a privilege to persons like Chu and Ching, who had no track record
with the plaintiffs. I find that such non-verification of Chu's background and
the automatic granting of T+10 settlement to her pointed to the fact that
Charles knew Ong was the actual principal behind her account.

66\. The plaintiffs made much of the fact that Chu (and to a lesser extent
Ching) had received statements from the plaintiffs as well as from the CDP,
pertaining to the Hotung shares. While that cannot be and indeed was not,
denied by either defendant, the fact remains that the statements were received
_after_ the event; so it would be a question of reversing the transaction had
either Chu or Ching challenged those transactions. It was Chu's testimony
which I accept without reservations, that for the whole month of July 1999,
she was occupied by the visit of her twin sister from England on top of
looking after 3 young children. Ong on the other hand, was almost always at
home as he had already left EY a few months earlier; Ong therefore checked the
daily mail, not Chu. Although it was not suggested that Ong deliberately hid
her mail from her, I cannot imagine that Chu looked particularly at
correspondence from either the CDP or the plaintiffs if left on the table for
her, unless her attention was drawn to it. If she had not been buying or
selling shares during the period (as she testified) and she was pre-occupied
with other matters, she and other persons in her position I venture to add,
would not be interested to look at mail received from either the CDP or the
plaintiffs as, it would be reasonable to assume the correspondence contained
periodic statements generated and sent out to account holders. I cannot see
how the fact Chu is a qualified accountant would put a higher duty on her to
check the nature of the documents sent to her house but, likely to have been
received/seen by her husband Ong.

67\. Ching's evidence which again I accept, was that she trusted Ong
absolutely (albeit foolishly as it turned out). Her faith in Ong never wavered
even when she was sued. She never questioned him when he assured her that he
would take care of the problem when Charles contacted her in August 1999 and
when the plaintiffs/their solicitors made demands for payment of the contra
losses they now claim. As far as she was aware, Charles knew that Ong was the
principal behind her account, as that was the arrangement when she opened her
account with Lee & Co, when Charles worked there. Why should the modus
operandi of her account with the plaintiffs be any different? Hence, she would
normally hand the CDP statements and other correspondence to Ong, sometimes
without looking at them. The plaintiffs did not challenge her testimony (under
cross-examination) that for her own share trading, she used her account with
another broking house.

68\. Consequently, the cases upon which the plaintiffs placed heavy reliance
to found estoppel, namely _Ong & Co Pte Ltd v Foo Sae Heng_ [1990] SLR 186 and
_RHB-Cathay Securities Pte Ltd v Ibrahim Khan_ [1999] 3 SLR 464 have no
application, being far removed in their factual matrix. I should add that _Ong
& Co v Foo Sae Heng_ was a decision which arose out of a Registrars' Appeal on
an O 14 application, not as a result of a full trial. In any case the key
ingredients required to found estoppel are missing as:

> 1\. there was no representation on the part of Chu to the plaintiffs;
>
> 2\. the plaintiffs did not act on such representation to their detriment.

The factual matrix in the third case cited by the plaintiffs was also very
different. In _Tat Lee Securities Pte Ltd v Tsang Tsang Kwong_ _& Anor_ [2000]
1 SLR 1, the defendants gave their remisier a letter of authority to collect
their share scrips from the plaintiffs for the transactions executed on their
accounts. Based on the letter of authority, the remisier obtained some of
their shares without the defendants' knowledge and appropriated the sale
proceeds thereafter. The decision of the Court of Appeal arose out of an O 14
appeal to a judge in chambers; the appellate court held that the defence
should proceed to a full trial and not be summarily dismissed as the
plaintiffs sought to do and initially succeeded, before the Registrar.

69\. In his closing submissions (para 10), counsel for the plaintiffs pointed
to the (undisputed) fact that neither Chu nor Ching spoke to Charles about Ong
being solely liable for their respective accounts. With respect, that
submission is also misconceived -- why should she speak to Charles when Chu
was unaware (until after the execution and she was told) that Ong had utilised
her account to trade in Hotung and Labroy shares? Granted she was earlier
informed by Ong that he had used her account to purchase 300,000 KepFel shares
in May 1999 but that does not mean (as counsel for the plaintiffs submitted)
that she must take steps to ensure that Ong did not act without her authority
again; after all they are husband and wife. In any case, when Ong revealed the
purchases to her, he had told Chu they were his responsibility and indeed, in
the case of the KepFel shares Ong kept his word, paid for and transferred out,
those shares from her CDP account. Under those circumstances, there was
nothing untoward in Chu informing him, when Charles called her in August 1999,
that she had given full authority to Ong to sell the Hotung shares. That would
explain why on 30 August 1999 (see transcript at AB 60) she did not object
when Charles told her that her shares had been sold but she asked whether Ong
know about it and was told he did. As for Ching, her reason was because she
knew (from her previous experience with Charles/Lee & Co) that it was
understood between Ong and Charles that Ong would be responsible for whatever
happens to her account.

_

The sale proceeds of the Mercedes

_

70\. Initially, it was Gee's testimony that the plaintiffs rejected Chu's
claim to the sale proceeds because she was not the registered owner, despite
Ong's declaration that Chu was the beneficial owner, of the vehicle. Under
cross-examination however, Gee revealed that the true reason (why the
plaintiffs credited the sale proceeds to Ong's account) was because Ong had
delivered the logbooks of both the Mercedes and the Audi to the plaintiffs as
collateral for his account. The plaintiffs' conduct was puzzling. On the one
hand, they asserted that the sale proceeds should be credited to Ong's account
and on the other, although there was a (belated) tacit admission that the
vehicle's beneficial owner was Chu, they refused to credit the sale proceeds
to her account even though they assert she is liable for the contra losses
therein. In cross-examination, counsel had pointed out to Chu that as at the
date of her letter (13 August 1999), there were no realised contra losses in
her account for which she could be liable. That may be true but the fact
remained that there were already potential losses.

71\. Ong and Pauline on the other hand, had treated the losses on all three
(3) accounts as Ong's, despite the denial by the plaintiffs/Charles to the
contrary. Hence, at the meetings they had with the plaintiffs on 26 August and
9 September 1999, Ong and Pauline took into consideration in calculating what
was owed to the plaintiffs, the losses on all three (3) accounts as well as
all the payments made thereon, including the sale proceeds of the Mercedes.

72\. My view that Ong was the person Charles looked to for payment on all
three accounts is reinforced by the fact that Ong furnished the unconditional
guarantees for both Chu's and Ching's accounts. I disbelieve Charles when he
claimed the guarantees were 'offered' by Ong without any prompting on his
part; it was Charles who pressed Ong to furnish those documents just as he
badgered Ong for, the letter of undertaking, the logbook of the Mercedes and
then to sell the Mercedes and hand the sale proceeds to the plaintiffs. The
primary motive of Charles was to save himself and he was prepared to go to any
lengths to do so. The more monies he could get from Ong the less Charles would
be liable for. This was unlike the good days when (according to Ong's letter
dated 20 September 1999 to the plaintiffs) Ong's trades generated commission
of as much as $500,000 per annum to the plaintiffs/Charles. If Ong failed to
pay, then, following the industry practice, the plaintiffs would hold Charles
liable. Charles would either have to pay or, arrange with the plaintiffs to
deduct and set-off Ong's losses against commission due to him. That was why
Charles reneged on his word to Ong (whose testimony I accept) that the sale
proceeds of the Mercedes and 66,000 OUT (F) shares would be credited to Chu's
account. Otherwise, Ong would not have sold those shares through the
plaintiffs but through Warburg.

73\. It is apparent from the foregoing paragraphs that I was not impressed by
Charles as a witness; he did not speak the truth and his conduct in opening
nominee accounts for Ong through Chu and Ching, was reprehensible to say the
least. He lied to save himself although he was instrumental in getting Chu and
Ching into their present predicament. Counsel for the plaintiffs focussed on
certain portions of the testimony of Ong, Chu and Ching to say they were not
truthful witnesses, I do not agree with his assessment. There may be some
inconsistencies in the testimony of the defendants but more so in that of
Charles, the plaintiffs' key witness. In evaluating the evidence, I prefer the
testimony of the defendants to that of Charles. Chu was clearly and genuinely
distressed when she testified, over the conduct of her husband who, aided and
abetted by Charles, had caused her family financial ruin.

_

The conclusion

_

74\. Consequently, the plaintiffs' claims in the second and third suits are
dismissed with costs. I am allowing Chu's counterclaim with costs, relating to
the unauthorised appropriation by the plaintiffs of the sale proceeds of both
the Mercedes and her 66,000 OUT (F) shares. Once the Hotung and Labroy shares
were removed therefrom, Chu's account was not in debit (see AB418).
Accordingly, the plaintiffs are to refund to her those sale proceeds
(totalling $362,913.31) with interest at 6% from the date of her counterclaim
(16 December 1999). Ching's counterclaim for $86,819.80 however, is dismissed
with costs. She cannot approbate and reprobate at one and the same time. If,
as she asserted in her Defence, Ong was the principal and she his nominee, of
her account which defence I accept, she cannot claim the benefit of any trades
transacted, on the account. It is also unlikely that she could have afforded
to purchase 16,000 F & N shares (at $7.60 per share) or 5,000 OUT (F) shares
(at $2.48 per share) referred to in her counterclaim, given my finding of her
modest financial means and her own evidence that she traded in penny stocks
with Ong & Co. Not surprisingly, her counsel made no reference whatsoever to
her counterclaim in his final submissions. In the light of my findings, there
is no necessity for me to go on to consider the various alternative defences
put forward by Chu and Ching in the second and third suits.

Lai Siu Chiu

Judge

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jan 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

