Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Moey Keng Kong v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGHC 236

Case Number | : | MA 143/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 August 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Raj Kumar (Raj Kumar & Rama) for the appellant; Jill Tan Li Ching (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Moey Keng Kong — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Circumstances in which
appellate court can interfere with trial court's sentence – Appellant bringing
goods into Singapore without paying customs duty and GST – Whether trial
judge's benchmark in relation to customs duty and GST correct – Whether fines
manifestly excessive – Relevant factors in determining appropriate sentence –
ss 130(1)(i) & 130(1)(iii) Customs Act (Cap 70, 1997 Ed)  
  
Revenue Law – Customs and excise – Forfeiture of vehicle – Appellant bringing
goods into Singapore without paying customs duty and GST – Appellant using
vehicle to convey goods – Whether relevant that goods for personal consumption
– Whether forfeiture provision mandatory – s 123(2) Customs Act (Cap 70, 1997
Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – 'Used in the commission of the offence'- s 123(2) Customs
Act (Cap 70, 1997 Ed)  
  

:  
  
**_Introduction_**

****

The appellant, Moey Keng Kong aged 57 is employed as a consultant engineer. In
May 2001 he was charged and convicted in the district court under s 130(1)(a)
of the Customs Act (Cap 70, 1997 Ed) of two charges of importing into
Singapore assorted brands of cigars and liquor without paying customs duty. He
was also convicted under s 130(1)(a) of the Customs Act, read with s 26 and s
77 of the Goods and Services Tax Act (Cap 117A, 1997 Ed), for failing to pay
the goods and services tax (`GST`) on those same dutiable goods. The district
judge ordered a fine of a total of $8,751.60 for all four charges, in default
eight months` imprisonment. He also ordered the forfeiture of the cigars,
liquor and a pick-up, registration number TS 5619 (`the vehicle`) under s
123(2) of the Customs Act. The appellant has paid the fines less a rebate
after serving two days default sentence. He then appealed against his sentence
and the forfeiture of his vehicle. I dismissed the appeal and now give my
reasons.  
  
**_Brief facts_**

****

On 27 February 2001 at about 10.30pm, the appellant arrived at Woodlands
Checkpoint. The checkpoint had a customs clearance system, which was divided
into red and green car arrival channels. The red lanes were intended for cars
with goods to declare whereas the green lanes were for cars with no goods to
declare. The appellant drove his vehicle, a Thailand registered vehicle TS
5619, into green lane 3 where he was stopped by Senior Customs Officer Abdul
Razak bin A Rahman (`SCO Abdul Razak`) for a routine check. SCO Abdul Razak
checked the vehicle and found a black plastic bag containing one box `AR
Rangoon` brand cigars and three boxes of `Asoka` cigars on the floorboard
behind the front passenger seat. He then referred the appellant to his
superior, Higher Superintendent of Customs Sim Yong Khoon (`HSC Sim`). HSC Sim
asked the appellant whether he had any more cigars in the pick-up. The
appellant denied having any more, although he admitted that the boxes of
cigars found in the vehicle belonged to him. He said that the cigars were for
private consumption and for friends when they visited him.  
  
HSC Sim then instructed SCO Abdul Razak to conduct a more thorough search of
the pick-up. In this second search, SCO Abdul Razak found five more boxes of
cigars inside the toolbox compartment of the pick-up. This was located beneath
the floorboard at the back of the cabin. He also found one bottle of
`Maharaja` brand liquor in a leather bag on the front passenger seat and three
bottles of `Kao Liang Chiew` in the side pouches of a golf bag found in the
back of the pick-up. The appellant admitted that all nine boxes of cigars and
four bottles of liquor found in the vehicle belonged to him. He also accepted
that the nine boxes of cigars weighed a total of 2.164kg. According to the
computation that was submitted to the court, the total customs duty payable on
the four bottles of liquor was $45.10 and the GST payable was only $1.98. The
customs duty and GST on the nine boxes of cigars also came up to a relatively
modest amount of $389.50 and $12.77 respectively.  
  
A person who fails to pay the required customs duty and tax on imported goods
will be punished under s 130(1)(iii) of the Customs Act if (1) he was a first-
time offender, (2) the goods imported were `tobacco products` within the
meaning of s 130(3) of the Act, and (3) the goods exceeded 2kg in weight. All
these elements were satisfied on the present facts as the appellant was a
first-time offender who had smuggled 2.164kg of cigars into Singapore. Hence
in respect of the first and second charges of importing into Singapore cigars,
without paying for the requisite customs duty and GST, the appellant was
liable under s 130(1)(iii) of the Customs Act. Section 130(1)(iii) in full
reads as follows:

> _where the goods consist wholly or partly of tobacco products and such
> tobacco products exceed 2 kilogrammes in weight - on the first conviction to
> both a fine of not less than 15 times the amount of the customs duty, excise
> duty or tax and not more than 20 times the amount of the customs duty,
> excise duty or tax or $10,000, whichever is the greater, or to imprisonment
> for a term not exceeding 3 years or to both._

  
  
For the third and fourth charges of smuggling uncustomed liquor into
Singapore, the appellant was punishable under s 130(1)(i) of the Customs Act
to

> _a fine of not less than 10 times the amount of the customs duty, excise
> duty or tax or $5,000 whichever is the lesser amount, and of not more than
> 20 times the amount of the customs duty, excise duty or tax or $5,000
> whichever is the greater amount ..._

  
  
In addition, the appellant would also be punishable, in the event of his non-
payment of any of the fines imposed, with imprisonment for a term not
exceeding the duration as laid down in s 119 of the Act in respect of each
fine.  
  
**_The judgment below_**

****

For the first and second charges (DAC 7974/2001 and DAC 7975/2001) the
district judge ordered the appellant to pay a fine of approximately 20 times
the amount of the customs duty and GST payable. For the third and fourth
charges (DAC 7976/2001 and DAC 7977/2001), the judge imposed a fine of 15
times the amount of customs duty and GST payable. He also ordered a default
term of eight months` imprisonment. The fines were as follows:  
  

Charge | Fines imposed  
---|---  
DAC 7974/2001 | $389.50 x 20 [equals][ensp ]$7,790.00  
DAC 7975/2001 | $12.77 x 20 [ensp ][equals][ensp ]$255.40  
DAC 7976/2001 | $45.10 x 15 [ensp ][equals][ensp ]$676.50  
DAC 7977/2001 | $1.98 x 15 [ensp ][ensp ][equals][ensp ]$29.70  
  
  
  
The vehicle that was used to transport the bottles of liquor and boxes of
cigars was also ordered to be forfeited.  
  
**_The appeal_**

****

The appellant appealed against the sentence passed by the district judge on
the following grounds:

(1) The district judge erred in holding that the appropriate benchmark
sentence was 20 times the duty payable for DAC 7974/2001 and DAC 7975/2001.

(2) The fines were manifestly excessive considering that the appellant had a
clean record.  
  
The appellant was also dissatisfied with the order of forfeiture of the goods
and the vehicle and sought the release of the latter. However no substantive
grounds were advanced by the appellant in this appeal, save that he had bought
the goods for his own personal consumption and not for trade or business.  
  
**(1)BENCHMARK SENTENCE OF 20 TIMES THE TAX PAYABLE FOR DAC 7974/2001 AND DAC
7975/2001**

As I have stated above, the amounts of customs duty and GST payable on the
nine boxes of cigars were $389.50 and $12.77 respectively. It must be noted
that, because of the relatively low amount of tax payable at the first
instance, the statutory maximum of the fines payable is $10,000 and not the
amount that is 20 times the customs duty or tax payable, ie $7,790. Hence
applying s 130(1)(iii) of the Customs Act, the permissible range of fines that
can be imposed by the court came to $5,842.50-$10,000 for the customs duty and
$191.50-$10,000 for the GST. The judge applied the benchmark of 20 times the
tax payable and fined the appellant $7,790 for the customs duty and $255.40
for the GST. I did not consider that the judge had erred in law in applying
the benchmark of 20 times the tax payable. This plainly fell within the range
of fines permitted by s 130(1)(iii) and was also consistent with the current
sentencing practice of the subordinate courts.  
  
**(2) WHETHER THE FINES WERE `MANIFESTLY EXCESSIVE`**

  
  
**The nine boxes of cigars (DAC 7974/2001 and DAC 7975/2001)**

The role of an appellate court when considering an appeal as to the sentence
imposed by the trial court has been re-stated recently in **Chia Kim Heng
Frederick v PP** [1992] 1 SLR 361 . The court can and will interfere if it is
satisfied that (a) the sentencing judge has made a wrong decision as to the
proper factual basis for sentence; (b) there has been an error on the part of
the trial judge in appreciating the material placed before him; (c) the
sentence was wrong in principle; and (d) the sentence imposed was manifestly
excessive. In the present case, it was clear that the only question was
whether the fines which had been imposed for the nine boxes of cigars and the
four bottles of liquor were `manifestly excessive`.  
  
Important factors in determining the appropriate sentence are the amount of
duty evaded, the quantity of goods involved, repetition of the offence,
whether the offender was acting on his own or was involved in a syndicated
operation, and the role of the offender. Only the first two factors were
relevant to us here. I noted that the appellant had `imported` only 2.164kg of
cigars into Singapore. This was just slightly in excess of the `statutory
limit` of two kilogrammes in s 130(1)(iii) of the Customs Act. Hence, in the
absence of any other aggravating factors, the fact that a minimal amount of
cigars was being imported should have entitled the appellant to the minimal
sentence as prescribed by s 130(1)(iii).  
  
Nevertheless it must be remembered that the fines under s 130(1)(i) and by
extension s 130(1)(iii) are intended by Parliament to have a retributive and
deterrent effect. See **Chia Kah Boon v PP** [1999] 4 SLR 72 . The fines
imposed have to be fixed at a level which would be sufficiently high to
achieve the dual objectives of deterrence, in terms of deterring both the
appellant and other importers from evading customs duty and GST on imported
goods in future, and retribution, in the sense of reflecting society`s
abhorrence of the offence under s 130(1)(a) of the Customs Act.  
  
With these factors in mind, I did not consider that the fines imposed were
`manifestly excessive`. The fines of $7,790 for the customs duty and $255.40
for the GST were actually in the lower half of the permissible range as
specified by s 130(1)(iii) of the Customs Act. The judge had also refrained
from imposing the maximum sentence of $10,000 and/or a term of imprisonment of
three years. The fact that the appellant was a first-time offender could have
no additional mitigating effect as this factor had already been taken into
consideration for sentencing under s 130(1)(iii) of the Customs Act. I was
aware that in **_Chia Kah Boon v PP_** (supra) the fine was pegged at only
five times the GST payable. However that case was distinguishable from the
present because, whilst the individual fines imposed there were neither
unreasonable nor excessive, the cumulative effect of all the fines imposed was
crushing and violated the totality rule in sentencing. There is no such
relevant consideration here. The appellant is employed as a consultant
engineer and the total fines imposed of $8,751.60 was more than in keeping
with his financial capability.  
  
**The four bottles of liquor (DAC 7976/2001 and DAC 7977/2001)**

For the four bottles of liquor, the amount of customs duty and GST which the
appellant ought to have paid was $45.10 and $1.98 respectively. Hence applying
s 130(1)(i) of the Customs Act, the permissible range of fines that could be
imposed by the court was $451-$5,000 for the customs duty and $19.80-$5,000
for the GST. The judge imposed fines of 15 times the amount of customs duty
and GST payable. This worked out to be $676.50 and $29.70 respectively.  
  
The appellant`s contention that the sentences imposed for the importation of
the four bottles of liquor were `manifestly excessive` could not be made out.
Similar considerations as stated above apply. The fines imposed were minimal.
The benchmark of 15 times applied was also consistent with current subordinate
courts` sentencing practice with the range of sentences currently being
imposed as between 15 to 20 times the customs duty or tax leviable.  
  
**FORFEITURE OF THE VEHICLE TS 5619**

I turned then to the last ground of appeal. The appellant urged the court to
order the release of the forfeited vehicle on the basis that the goods
conveyed in it were only meant for his personal consumption. The section
governing forfeiture is s 123(2) of the Customs Act, which provides that:

> _An order for the forfeiture of goods shall be made if it is proved to the
> satisfaction of the court that an offence under this Act or any subsidiary
> legislation made thereunder has been committed and that the goods were the
> subject-matter of, or were used in the commission of, the offence,
> notwithstanding that no person may have been convicted of the offence._

  
  
`Goods` is in turn defined in s 122(2) of the Customs Act to include
`receptacles, packages, **_vehicles_** , vessels not exceeding 200 tons net
registered tonnage and aircraft, other than aircraft engaged on international
carriage` (emphasis is added).  
  
It is clear from s 123(2) itself that forfeiture is mandatory once two
elements are proved: (1) an offence under the Customs Act or any subsidiary
legislation made thereunder has been committed, and (2) the goods `were used
in the commission of the offence`. Goods will be `used in the commission of
the offence` if they are `directly related and substantially connected` to the
commission of the offence: **PP v Mayban Finance (Singapore)** [1998] 1 SLR
462 .  
  
The weight of case law is also that there is no discretion within the courts
to refuse any application for forfeiture. In **R v Ng Hee Weng** [1956] MLJ 85
, a case concerned with s 123 of the Customs Ordinance 1952 which was in pari
materia with s 123 of our Customs Act, Good J said that:

> _If the matters specified therein [elements 1 and 2 above] are proved to the
> satisfaction of the Court, the Court must order forfeiture both of the goods
> which were the subject matter of the offence and also of the goods ... which
> were used in the commission of the offence ..._

  
  
The same point was reiterated in **PP v M/s Serve You Motor Services** [1996]
1 SLR 669 , a case relied upon by the public prosecutor where the High Court
held that (at p 675):

> _Though a party may be innocent and have taken all necessary precautions,
> forfeiture will have to be ordered once it is clear that an offence had been
> committed. That may not be totally satisfactory, but the words of the
> provision are clear._

  
  
Similar conclusions were also reached in **Public Finance v PP** [1997] 3 SLR
354  and **Bright Impex v PP** [1998] 3 SLR 405 .  
  
The legislature has also clearly indicated that the use of the word `shall` in
s 123(2) of the Customs Act is mandatory and not merely directory. During the
Parliamentary debate on 5 February 1996, the Minister for Law Professor S
Jayakumar expressly said that mandatory forfeiture provisions are necessary
because the public interest requires effective enforcement of customs laws.
The provisions on forfeiture are intended by Parliament to act as a strong
deterrent against the smuggling of dutiable goods which is viewed as a serious
offence. It is also meant to target and `dry up` the means and resources by
which smugglers carry out their illegal activities. Hence there can be no
discretion within the courts to refuse forfeiture.  
  
On the facts of this present appeal, it was undoubted that an offence under s
130(1)(a) of the Customs Act had been committed. It was also clear that the
vehicle TS 5619 was `used in the commission of the offence` as it was used by
the appellant to transport the nine boxes of uncustomed cigars and four
bottles of uncustomed liquor all the way from Penang to Singapore. The
appellant also made use of the hidden tool compartment of the vehicle to
conceal a large portion of the uncustomed cigars to evade detection. Therefore
both elements required for the operation of s 123(2) of the Customs Act were
satisfied. The vehicle was also `goods` that can be forfeited as defined by s
123(2) of the Customs Act. It followed that the court must forfeit the vehicle
in accordance with s 123(2) of the Act. The fact that the uncustomed goods
conveyed were intended for the appellant`s personal consumption was
irrelevant. The clear words of the Act must be applied and forfeiture must be
ordered.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

For all the above reasons, I dismissed the appeal.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Aug 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

