Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tong Tien See Construction Pte Ltd (In Liquidation) v Tong Tien See and
Others  
[2001] SGHC 382

Case Number | : | Suit 824/2000/K  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 December 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Belinda Ang, S C, Foo Maw Shen, Keoy Soo Khim and Deborah Koh (Ang & Partners) for the plaintiffs; B M Singh, Chan Jin Han (Engelin Teh & Partners) and Y R Jumabhoy for all the defendants (except first, third, fourth and fifth defendants); Chee Wai Pong (Ng Ong & Chee) for the fourth defendant; Tan Cheng Kiong and Bernard Chao (Chung Tan & Partners) for the fifth defendant   
Parties | : |  Tong Tien See Construction Pte Ltd (In Liquidation) — Tong Tien See; Koo Yoke Fong; Tong Hui Chee, Angela; Koo Say Hee, Raymond; Chia Siew Keng; Tong Joo Aik Construction Pte Ltd; Tong Development Pte Ltd; Caltong (Australia) Pty Ltd (formerly known as Tong Tien See Holding (Austalia) Pty Ltd); Tong Hui Li, Linda; Tong Hui Chuen, Carol; Tong Hui Fung, Cindy; Wei Fong Rasiah, Sally; Lee Han Chye, Alvin   
  
**Judgment**

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

_

THE BACKGROUND_

1 The Plaintiff company was a Grade G8 construction company in Singapore
before it was ordered to be wound up on 26 May 2000 on the ground of
insolvency. It was unable to pay debts amounting to $53.3 million. This action
was commenced by its liquidator, Yin Kum Choy, on 7 October 2000, followed by
a Mareva injunction shortly thereafter. The Directors were either former
directors and/or shareholders, affiliated companies or relatives of the key
person in these proceedings, Tong Tien See (the First Defendant). The claims
against the Defendants were under various heads – breach of duties as
directors, conspiracy to injure by unlawful means, breach of trust, knowing
assistance in the breaches and conspiracy and/or knowing receipt of money
resulting from such breaches and conspiracy – in aggregate amounting to $53.3
million. The Plaintiff company also claimed a declaration that the property
known as 755 Upper East Coast Road was disposed by the Second and the Third
Defendants to the Thirteenth Defendant (husband of the Third Defendant) in
breach of Section 73B of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act and sought a
rescission of the sale and purchase agreement in respect of that property.

2 When the trial commenced, the First and Third Defendants had been
adjudicated bankrupt (on 23 February 2001) and the action against them was
stayed automatically under Section 76(1)(c)(ii) of the Bankruptcy Act. Towards
the conclusion of the trial, upon the Plaintiff company’s application, the
action against both of them was ordered to proceed. The First Defendant had
been a key witness at the trial and was present practically throughout the
proceedings. The Third Defendant had filed her affidavit of evidence-in-chief
and the indications were that she was going to testify at the trial. However,
in the course of the trial, it emerged that she was not going to return from
Australia to testify here and her affidavit of evidence-in-chief was therefore
not admitted in evidence. It was clear that the Third Defendant was in
constant contact with the First Defendant and/or the Second Defendant (her
parents) throughout the trial.

3 The relationship of the various Tong family Defendants can be described
quickly by reference to the following diagram annexed to the Amended Statement
of Claim:

> > > _**
>>>

>>> Relationship between the Parties

>>>

>>> (And Their Positions held in Tong Tien See Construction Pte Ltd)

>>>

>>> **_

First Defendant,  
Tong Tien See  
Managing Director |  |  |  Second Defendant,  
Koo Yoke Fong  
(Wife of First Defendant) |  |  |  Twelfth Defendant  
Wei Fong, Rasiah  
(Sister)  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
|  |  |   
_****_|  |  |  |  | __ |  Koo Pui Fong  
(Sister)  
Admin Clerk  
_****_|  |  |  |  | __ |  Fourth Defendant,  
Raymond Koo  
(Brother)  
Deputy Managing Director  
_****_|  |  |  |  |  |  Ko Oon Chye, Johnson  
(Brother-in-law)  
Contracts Director  
_****_|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |   
|  |  |   
Ninth Defendant,  
Linda Tong  
(Eldest Daughter)  
Human Resourece Manager  |  Third Defendant,  
Angela Tong  
(Second Daughter)  
Director / Finance Manager |  Tenth Defendant,  
Carol Tong  
(Third Daughter)  
Site Clerk |  Eleventh Defendant,  
Cindy Tong  
(Fourth Daughter)  
Site Clerk  
_****_|  |  |   
|  Thirteenth Defendant,  
Alvin Lee  
(Husband of Angela) |  |  Er Chuan Lee  
(Husband of Cindy)  
Senior Project Manager  
  
4 The Sixth and Seventh Defendants were Singapore companies affiliated to the
Plaintiff company. The Eighth Defendant, an Australian company, was also
affiliated to the Plaintiff company. In late 1999/early 2000, the First,
Second and Third Defendants left to settle in Australia after making
arrangements to sell away their residential properties and their cars and to
ship their belongings to their new home. They were joined by the Tenth
Defendant.

5 On 2 March 2000, the Plaintiff company was placed under interim Judicial
Management. On 25 April 2000, Yin Kum Choy was appointed its Provisional
Liquidator. He was confirmed as the Liquidator on 26 May 2000 upon the winding
up order being made.

6 The Liquidator’s first Interim Report dated 6 October 2000 showed that the
Plaintiff company had been insolvent since financial year 1 May 1995 to 30
April 1996. However, the directors and shareholders held the Plaintiff company
out as a solvent G8 (the highest grading) construction company at the material
times, thereby allowing the Plaintiff company to carry on business, take on
new projects and sink further into debt. Accounting entries were falsified
using the Sixth Defendant, an affiliated company, as one of the instruments of
falsification. Losses were transferred from the Plaintiff company to the Sixth
Defendant by the raising of sham bills in respect of Accounts Payable and
Project/Administration Overheads. Bills were in turn raised by the Sixth
Defendant (purportedly the Plaintiff company’s subcontractor and whose sole
client was the Plaintiff company) to the Plaintiff company, thereby allowing
large amounts of money to be transferred periodically from the Plaintiff
company to the Sixth Defendant between 1 May 1995 and 30 April 2000.
Accounting information was also misleading in that the Plaintiff company
deliberately deferred recognizing its losses of $3.4 million in financial year
ending 30 April 1995 so as not to fall below the minimum requirement of $5
million net capital worth, a criterion of the Building and Construction
Authority for G8 grading. The grading was reviewed every three years.

7 The Sixth Defendant was totally dependent on the Plaintiff company for
financial support and had no infrastructure or manpower of its own. It was
also insolvent. All indebtedness of the Sixth and Seventh Defendants to the
Plaintiff company was on no fixed repayment terms, was interest-free and
unsecured.

8 The Plaintiff company and its affiliates were treated by the First and
Second Defendants as their and the family’s personal assets. The Plaintiff
company’s money was used by them for purchasing and building residential
properties registered in personal names. Such money was also used by them to
earn interest for themselves in interest-bearing deposits. In the words of Mr
B M Singh in an email, they "used the company as a ATM".

9 It was conceded that the Plaintiff company’s losses were transferred to the
Sixth Defendant through the raising of some $25 million worth of bills to the
Sixth Defendant. It was also conceded that the transactions between the two
companies leading to the Sixth Defendant billing the Plaintiff company were
not arm’s length transactions but it was denied that those transactions and
billings were sham ones.

_

  
THE DEFENDANTS

(1) The First Defendant

_

10 The First Defendant, 71 years of age, the patriarch of the Tong family,
used to reside at 2 Kew Drive. He left for Australia in early 2000 and
returned here for the trial. He came from China around 1948. In 1957, he
married the Second Defendant. The Ninth Defendant was born in 1958, the Third
Defendant in 1964 and the twin sisters (the Tenth and the Eleventh Defendants)
in 1968. He worked hard and in 1973, registered a construction firm, employing
the Fifth Defendant soon thereafter as the sole employee.

11 He had basic education in Chinese and was practically illiterate in
English. He said he had no idea about accounts. He was a hot-tempered,
traditional Chinese businessman who ruled his family with a strong arm. All
properties bought or registered in the names of the family members were
regarded by the First Defendant as belonging to himself. He appointed and
removed directors of his companies as he pleased and changed the shareholdings
of his daughters depending on whether he was pleased or angry with any of
them.

12 As his construction business grew and flourished, the firm was incorporated
as a private limited company in 1985 with the First Defendant as Managing
Director and majority shareholder. The company had many public sector
construction projects. The Fourth Defendant (his brother-in-law) joined his
business in 1984 as a foreman and, after a short period of absence, rejoined
it in 1987. In 1992, the Fourth Defendant was made a director of the Plaintiff
company. He became the Deputy Managing Director in 1995/1996 as the Tong
family wanted to "give him face".

13 The First Defendant bought properties and a plot of land formerly known as
4 Kew Drive on which he constructed four houses – 4 and 4A Kew Drive and 755
and 757 Upper East Coast Road. He also bought holiday homes in Perth and in
Sydney and developed a penchant for golf and fine wine, which he kept in a
wine cellar in his former home at 2 Kew Drive and in 755 Upper East Coast Road
(the home of the Third Defendant and her husband, the Thirteenth Defendant).
The Plaintiff company held annual golf tournaments. The First Defendant also
commissioned and affixed wine labels bearing the Plaintiff company’s name on
bottles of wine as gifts for his business associates.

14 He claimed that he was in semi-retirement since 1995 and had left the
running of the company to the Fourth Defendant. However, the evidence showed
quite clearly that he was still the final decision-maker in all things
pertaining to the companies – from tenders to negotiations with subcontractors
and award of subcontracts. He was also actively monitoring the progress at the
various worksites, travelling about in a vehicle driven by his wife.

_

  
(2) The Second Defendant

_

15 The Second Defendant, 61 years of age, was an intelligent, astute and
capable wife, mother and businesswoman. She received formal education in
Chinese up to Secondary 4 level, quite a rarity in the days of old for a girl.
She controlled the companies’ finances, invested in shares and in foreign
currencies. She was trusted completely by the First Defendant and was
practically her husband’s alter ego save for his hot temper. Only she and the
First Defendant were authorized to be sole signatories in respect of the bank
accounts. Although she was the Managing Director in the Sixth Defendant only,
the Second Defendant received monthly remuneration from both the Plaintiff
company and the Sixth Defendant. She transferred progress payments from the
HDB in respect of the construction projects to personal accounts to earn
interest instead of depositing the large amounts into the Plaintiff company’s
account which, she said, earned no interest. She transferred the principal
amounts back to the Plaintiff company subsequently, retained the interest and
paid income tax on the same. Over the years, the principal amounts involved
added up cumulatively to $194 million.

16 The Second Defendant, together with the Third, Fourth and Fifth Defendants,
exercised functions in the Plaintiff company like an executive committee. They
discussed when to pay, whom to pay first and how much to pay. When they were
not able to resolve a particular matter, they would refer it to "the boss",
the First Defendant. The Second Defendant also used money transferred from the
Plaintiff company to the Sixth Defendant to pay the interest on bank loans
taken out by her and the Sixth Defendant for purchasing and developing the
land (by constructing the four houses) at Kew Drive.

17 She left for Australia in early 2000 with her husband and the Third
Defendant’s elder son, Calvin, then aged 8, after making arrangements to sell
away their properties and to ship their belongings there.

_

  
(3) The Third Defendant

_

18 The Third Defendant was the favourite daughter of the Tongs. She was a
graduate in Accountancy and had working experience in an international
accounting firm. She joined the Plaintiff company around 1995 and headed the
accounts departments of the Plaintiff, the Sixth and the Seventh Defendants.
She was a signatory to the companies’ accounts and worked closely with the
then auditor, S K Lai. She resigned as a director of the Plaintiff company on
27 January 2000.

19 She left Singapore for Sydney, Australia in December 1999 and appeared to
have decided to settle down permanently there, even if reluctantly. Her
husband (the Thirteenth Defendant) and their other younger son remained in
Singapore, the husband having bought over 755 Upper East Coast Road from the
Second and the Third Defendants.

20 In her affidavit of 25 May 2000, the Third Defendant acknowledged that the
accounts of the Plaintiff company and the Sixth Defendant had been fiddled
with to alter the actual loss situation in the Plaintiff company to that of a
profitable one by transferring the losses to the Sixth Defendant in order to
preserve the net worth of the Plaintiff company at or above $5 million and
consequently its G8 status. She claimed, however, that all this was done on
the advice of the company’s auditor, S K Lai. Incidentally, S K Lai used to be
a partner of the Liquidator in an accounting firm at the relevant time but the
Liquidator was not involved in the audit of the Plaintiff company or its
affiliates then.

21 In her very telling email sent on 4 May 2000 from Sydney to Mr B M Singh,
she asked the family’s lawyer what would happen if she decided to return to
Singapore to "face the music". She also stated:

> "Life holds no meaning for me here. I’m living a lie here, I can’t tell
> people the real reason that I’m in Sydney, and I have to cook up stories as
> to why my husband is in S’pore while I’m in Sydney with my son. I even have
> to resort telling people that I have only 1 son to save the hassle of having
> to explain to them why I have only one son with me …
>
> I owe my life to my parents …
>
> I’d rather go back to S’pore, get a job and live a simple life. Never mind
> about luxuries. Calvin can fit into the S’pore education with no problem.
> There was never a need to bring him here – he was doing very well in school
> in S’pore …
>
> Please tell me it’s possible to come back to S’pore. I don’t mind being a
> bankrupt. I have no face to lose."

_  
(4) The Fourth Defendant_

22 The Fourth Defendant is the younger brother of the Second Defendant. He is
the third youngest sibling among the nine in the Koo family. He was
essentially the man on the ground, spending almost all his working time at the
sites supervising the works and liaising with the numerous subcontractors. He
authorized and approved the certification of the value of work done by the
subcontractors but the accounts department would invariably pay them less than
the certified amounts.

23 When the Plaintiff company’s funds could not meet all the claims for
payments, the Fourth Defendant would be consulted by the Second, the Third and
the Fifth Defendants (the de facto "executive committee") on whom should be
paid first and in what amounts so that the works on the sites could carry on.
He was, however, never involved in the financial matters beyond being asked to
rubber stamp the accounts prepared by the accounts department by signing
Directors’ resolutions approving them. He was never shown the audited accounts
and there was never any formal meeting held.

24 By the middle of 1998, the problem of non-payment or underpayment became
more serious when the subcontractors affected began to delay their supplies
and services. In May 1999, the electrical contractor went to the extent of
shutting off the power supply at a site. The Fourth Defendant reckoned that
the five HDB projects awarded to the Plaintiff company ought to have been
profitable to the extent of $10 million to $15 million.

25 The Fourth Defendant was promised some shares in the Plaintiff company by
the First and the Second Defendants but, as the Second Defendant had
consistently told him that the Plaintiff company was losing money, he did not
bother to pursue the matter.

26 On 26 February 2000, the Fourth Defendant’s services were suddenly and
unceremoniously terminated by the First Defendant upon the Fourth Defendant’s
return from leave. However, he remained a director of the Seventh Defendant.
No reason was given for the termination. The First Defendant explained in his
testimony in Court that it was essentially due to his discovery that the
Fourth Defendant was corrupt in his dealings with the Plaintiff company’s
subcontractors and also that he had been spreading rumours about the Tong
family siphoning the company’s money to Australia. Until then, the Fourth
Defendant had been having a good relationship with the First and the Second
Defendants, with the Tongs and the Koos regularly meeting for dinner at 2 Kew
Drive.  

_

(5) The Fifth Defendant

_

27 The Fifth Defendant had been working for the First Defendant since she was
19 years old in 1975. She was appointed a director of the Plaintiff company
when it was incorporated in 1985. She was completely trusted by the Tong
couple and was also involved in the Sixth and the Seventh Defendants and in
the Tong family’s personal matters. She held no shares in the companies and
was appointed a director to facilitate the running of the Plaintiff company
only. She was not a trained accountant but would deputize the Third Defendant
in her absence. She was in fact the head of both the administration and the
accounts departments before the Third Defendant took over the accounts
department in 1995. Whatever she signed in her capacity as director was at the
First Defendant’s express or implied instructions given to her directly or
through the Second Defendant. She signed contracts and documents relating to
the annual accounts and the bank accounts.

28 The Fifth Defendant knew when payments were made by the HDB to the
Plaintiff company and was aware of the transfers of the money into the
personal accounts of the First and the Second Defendants to earn interest for
themselves. She did not know why the Plaintiff company did not maintain an
interest bearing account.

29 On 15 March 2000, she resigned as a director of the Plaintiff company.

_

  
(6) The Sixth Defendant

_

30 The Second, Ninth and Tenth Defendants were the directors of the Sixth
Defendant with the Second Defendant holding about 53% of the shares and the
First Defendant about 24%. The rest of the shares were held by the Third and
the Ninth Defendants. Like the Plaintiff company, the Sixth Defendant was
insolvent.

31 The Sixth Defendant developed residential projects until 1995/1996 when it
became the purported subcontractor for the Plaintiff company’s HDB projects.
The Sixth Defendant was in truth only a subcontractor in name as it had no
resources of its own and was effectively the Plaintiff company’s alter ego.
The First Defendant testified that he incorporated the Sixth Defendant in 1984
as he wanted to have more than one company to provide for the eventuality that
one of his companies could be barred from tendering for construction jobs. As
indicated earlier, the Sixth Defendant became the vehicle for the Plaintiff
company to dump its losses, with the purported accounts showing the Sixth
Defendant owing the Plaintiff company some $19 million as at April 2000. S K
Lai, the auditor, testified that the Third Defendant had misrepresented to him
that the transactions between the Plaintiff company and the Sixth Defendant
had a valid commercial basis. As a result, his audit report did not reflect
the true position that emerged during the trial.

_

  
(7) The Seventh Defendant

_

32 The Seventh Defendant was wholly owned by the Sixth Defendant. Its
directors were the First, Fourth and Ninth Defendants. It developed a housing
project known as Eastwood Lodge using the Plaintiff company’s funds. The units
in the project were allegedly sold at a loss. As at 30 April 1999, the Seventh
Defendant was shown as owing the Plaintiff company slightly more than $7
million. In May 1999, some $5.55 million of proceeds of sale were returned to
the Plaintiff company, reducing the balance outstanding at about $1.5 million.
Between May and July 2000, the First Defendant took $482,000 from the Seventh
Defendant as the First and Second Defendants required "living expenses"
although the liquidator of the Plaintiff company was told by the First and
Second Defendants when he met them in August 2000 in Australia that the
Seventh Defendant had no money.

_

  
(8) The Eighth Defendant

_

33 The Eighth Defendant used to be known as Tong Tien See Holding (Australia)
Pty Ltd. It was incorporated in Sydney, Australia in October 1994. By a deed
dated 5 October 1994, it became a trust corporation for the Tong family.

34 The First, Second, Third and the Twelfth Defendants (the younger sister of
the Second Defendant) were the directors of the Eighth Defendant. The First,
Second and Third Defendants used to hold 33.3% of the shares each. In November
1998, the Twelfth Defendant became the only shareholder and in November 1999,
she became the sole director. In January 2000, it adopted the present name.

35 The Eighth Defendant had two properties in its name. One was 39A Hydebrae
Street in Sydney and the other was an apartment at The Stamford, 52-56
Goderich Street in Perth.

36 When the Court ordered the disclosure of the accounting records and the
bank statements of the Eighth Defendant, the Twelfth Defendant claimed that
they were in the accountants’ office for the preparation of accounts and that
the said office had unfortunately just been broken into and vandalized.
Although the Twelfth Defendant informed the Court in May 2001 during her
testimony that she had written to the Eighth Defendant’s banks for a copy of
the bank statements, nothing has been made available to the Plaintiff company
so far.

_

  
(9) The Ninth Defendant

_

37 The Ninth Defendant was a director and shareholder of the Sixth Defendant
and a director of the Seventh Defendant. She was also a co-signatory for the
Plaintiff company’s bank accounts. She studied music in Australia in 1982. In
1991, she married and then moved to Hong Kong to work for two years. In 1993,
she returned to Singapore and was the Managing Director of a trading and forex
company owned by her and her husband which operated for three years. She
claimed that she only did basic records and was not conversant at all with
accounting and financial matters.

38 The Ninth Defendant managed the First Defendant’s bank accounts in
Australia, opened in the name of Francis Tong. The First Defendant had
initially denied having such a name or such accounts when cross-examined by
Counsel for the Plaintiff company but when he returned after the lunch break,
he claimed to have spoken to the Ninth Defendant who told him that she had
chosen a Western name for him.

39 The Ninth Defendant was the Plaintiff company’s Human Resource Manager. She
was in the office for only a few hours a day. She claimed that her appointment
was in name only and that she was actually paid by the Plaintiff company to be
at the beck and call of the First Defendant 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

_

  
(10) The Tenth Defendant

(11) The Eleventh Defendant

_

40 These were the 33 year old twin daughters of the Tongs. The Tenth Defendant
is not married. She was a director of the Sixth Defendant. The Eleventh
Defendant is married to Er Chuan Lee who also worked for the Plaintiff
company. The Eleventh Defendant and her husband were appointed directors of
the Plaintiff company on 28 February 2000. The twin sisters appeared to be
less favoured by their parents than the Third and the Ninth Defendants. They
worked as site clerks in the Plaintiff company.

41 On 18 February 2000, the Tenth Defendant left for Sydney as instructed by
her parents, to help out with household chores and to look after the Third
Defendant’s elder son, Calvin.

42 Like the others, she said that she signed documents as a director without
question or thought.

43 In February 2000, the Second and the Eleventh Defendants opened a joint
bank account so that the latter could pay for the outgoings of 2 Kew Drive as
her mother was not going to be around for some time. She was also given a
power of attorney by the Third Defendant to sell the Third Defendant’s
residential properties. However, she did not seem to know anything about the
sales besides having to go to the solicitors’ office to sign some documents.

44 On 27 April 2000, when the then Provisional Liquidator and his team entered
the Plaintiff company’s premises, the Eleventh Defendant was instructed by her
father, the First Defendant, to call the police to evict them. The Tenth
Defendant and the Ninth Defendant’s husband were also present at the office
that evening. After the police arrived and advised the Provisional Liquidator
and his team to leave, the Fifth, the Tenth and the Eleventh Defendants, with
the assistance of some others, removed the files of the Sixth and the Seventh
Defendants from the Plaintiff company’s office. The Sixth and the Seventh
Defendants have commenced an action against the Liquidator arising from the
events that evening.

_

  
(12) The Twelfth Defendant

_

45 The Twelfth Defendant undertook a nursing course in England and then moved
to Australia where she met and married her husband, Thava Rasiah. She became
an Australian citizen. They operated two McDonald's restaurants in Sydney. The
Twelfth Defendant claimed that they had six such outlets previously. She was
very dear to the First and the Second Defendants and was their nominee in the
Eighth Defendant.

46 The Twelfth Defendant and her husband owned one property held in the name
of their company. They also owned jointly several other properties. They had
loans amounting to some A$3.5 million. Their companies’ tax returns showed
losses from 1996 to 1999 and a small profit of A$21,000 in 2000.

47 The Twelfth Defendant claimed that she was told in November 1999 by her
sister, the Second Defendant, of their intention to move to Australia because
of Calvin’s enrolment in a school in Sydney. She claimed she had no knowledge
of the financial woes of the Plaintiff company. The Second Defendant asked her
for financial help to purchase a larger house as the one at 39A Hydebrae
Street was too small for the family and too far from Calvin’s school.

48 The Twelfth Defendant said that in November 1999, when the Second Defendant
visited Sydney, the Twelfth Defendant contemplated purchasing a rather large
house at 17 Woodward Avenue. The following month, she agreed to purchase it
for A$1.47 million. The deal was completed in March 2000 and the house was
registered in her sole name. The Twelfth Defendant claimed that she borrowed
A$670,000 from the First Defendant for the purchase and the remaining
A$800,000 came from her and her husband. The evidence showed that the property
was mortgaged for A$800,000 several months after the completion.

49 The Twelfth Defendant claimed that she then rented the house to the Tongs.
According to the Tongs, the rental was not a fixed amount. The Twelfth
Defendant also claimed that she did not rent out one of her properties which
was vacant to the Tongs as the First Defendant did not like to live in old
houses.

_

  
(13) The Thirteenth Defendant

_

50 The Thirteenth Defendant is the husband of the Third Defendant. He worked
as a fuel oil broker earning about $12,000 gross salary per month. They
married in 1990 and lived in her parents’ home at 2 Kew Drive until 1996 when
they shifted to the newly built 755 Upper East Coast Road, next door.

51 The Thirteenth Defendant claimed that he had no interest in the Tong
family’s affairs and did not discuss such matters with his wife. He said his
working hours caused him to be away from home most of the time anyway. He
claimed his wife left for Australia in December 1999 as it was her dream to
send Calvin to study abroad. He only knew that she was leaving about one week
before her departure. He also said that he discovered the true reason for her
departure only in March 2000 as he and his wife were going through a bad patch
before that. He did not even know that his wife had sold her car until after
the sale as she used to park it next door at her parents’ home.

52 The Thirteenth Defendant bought over 755 Upper East Coast Road from the
Second and the Third Defendants in March 2000 for $1.7 million as he needed a
home for his second son, his father and his brother. He took a bank loan of
$1.19 million, withdrew $170,000 from his CPF savings and paid $340,000 (or
20% of the purchase price) in cash. The amount of cash came from his savings,
winnings from illegal gambling and loans from family members, including Peggy
Koo, the youngest sister of the Second and the Fourth Defendants, who lent him
$230,000 for three years free of interest. Although he claimed that 10% of the
price was paid upon exercise of the option and the remaining 10% upon
completion, the solicitors’ completion accounts indicated that no money was
paid until completion. He claimed that he did pay in the manner stated by him
but did not know how his solicitors dealt with the matter.  

_

THE ACTS COMPLAINED OF

_

53 The directors formally appointed in the Plaintiff company were the First,
Third, Fourth and Fifth Defendants. It was not disputed that the relevant
Defendants, as directors, were under a fiduciary duty and had to act honestly
and in good faith in the best interests of the company.

54 When a company is solvent, its interests and those of its shareholders are
one. In this case, there would not even be divergence of interests between the
company and its shareholders as they were in reality the First and the Second
Defendants. But when a company is insolvent, the interests of its creditors
become the dominant factor in what constitutes the benefit of the company as a
whole (_West Mercia Safetywear Ltd v Dodd_ [1988] BCLC 250).

55 A company is insolvent or unable to pay its debts when it is unable to meet
current demands, irrespective of whether the company is possessed of assets
which, if realized, would enable it to discharge its liabilities in full.
Insolvency in this commercial sense is principally a question of fact which
may be established in a number of ways. However, proof that a creditor’s debt
has not been paid per se does not establish an inability to pay debts within
the meaning of Section 254(2)(c) of the Companies Act. A temporary lack of
liquidity does not tantamount to insolvency (see _Re Sanpete Builders (S) Pte
Ltd_ [1989] 1 MLJ 393).

56 From the evidence adduced, the Plaintiff company was plainly insolvent from
about 1995 and this fact was well known to the First, Second and Third
Defendants. The Fourth and the Fifth Defendants learnt of the consistent
losses in the projects from the Second Defendant. However, the accounts of the
Plaintiff company were manipulated to show profitability and to maintain
falsely the G8 grading so that the company could continue to be awarded multi-
million dollar jobs. The First and the Second Defendants claimed that they
were in fact trying to save the company by hoping to reap enough profits from
the later projects to pay off the company’s debts. In truth, they were robbing
Peter to pay Paul by using the new projects’ proceeds to pay the debts of the
old projects and even then, not all of Peter’s money went to Paul. In the
meantime, far from trying to trim the expenses of the Plaintiff company, they
continued as if the company was riding the crest of prosperity and projected a
completely false image to the certifying authority, the owners of the projects
and the company’s subcontractors and suppliers. They also continued to use the
Plaintiff company’s funds for their personal benefit. They needed a continuous
stream of new projects to feed the debts of the old ones and when the drought
descended upon the company after 1997 (when no new major project was
forthcoming), they realized they had run out of Peters while the number of
Pauls continued to increase.

57 The auditor, S K Lai, denied that he had advised the Third Defendant in the
"creative accounting" that she had done with the books of the Plaintiff
company and the Sixth Defendant. His accuser refused to come to Court to
substantiate her statements. I had no reason to doubt his testimony. The Third
Defendant was quite capable of writing or rewriting the accounts herself.

58 The subcontractors and suppliers that dealt with the Plaintiff company were
not deceived so much by the false accounts as by the consequences arising from
the false accounts. The Plaintiff company was able to maintain and renew its
G8 status and tender for public projects of unlimited value because of this
and, to those in the building industry, the G8 grading must surely be the
hallmark of creditworthiness. They were therefore deluded into entering
contracts with the Plaintiff company and would be more indulgent when told by
the Plaintiff company to wait for payment or full payment.

59 No formal Annual General Meeting or Directors’ Meeting was held in the
Plaintiff company or its affiliates for the past several years. The Fourth and
the Fifth Defendants were told to append their signatures to the company’s
records. If they should protest or refuse to comply in any way, it was certain
they would incur the wrath of the First Defendant and be removed as directors
and most probably as employees of the Plaintiff company as well. The two
directors who knew exactly what was going on and who could exercise their mind
in the matter were the First and the Third Defendants, who were clearly in
breach of their duties as directors. Bearing in mind the peculiar
circumstances of this case and the omnipotence of the overbearing First
Defendant in the Plaintiff company, I did not think that the Fourth and the
Fifth Defendants should be held accountable as directors for the false
accounts of the Plaintiff company.

60 Similarly, where the Ninth, Tenth and Eleventh Defendants (the other three
daughters) were concerned, they were also subject to the overbearing influence
of the First Defendant (more so for the twin sisters than the Ninth Defendant)
and should not be held accountable as having knowingly assisted the First and
the Third Defendants in their breach of duty. The twin sisters were not in the
office most of the time and certainly were not involved in management
decisions. The Ninth Defendant was more a fun-loving and carefree person than
someone involved in account-twisting and intrigue.

61 The Sixth and Seventh Defendants were in truth the alter ego of the First
and the Second Defendants and had obviously been used to facilitate the First
and Third Defendants’ breaches of duty.

61 The Second Defendant was not formally appointed a director of the Plaintiff
company but was patently the First Defendant’s alter ego in the company. She
was active in the business and was known to be the boss’s wife. She was the
true Deputy Managing Director of the Plaintiff company and controlled the
purse strings. Her words would be obeyed by those in the Plaintiff company as
unquestioningly as if they emanated from the First Defendant himself. She
would fall squarely within the extended meaning of "director" (as underlined)
in Section 4(1) of the Companies Act which reads:

> ""director" includes any person occupying the position of director of a
> corporation by whatever name called and _includes a person in accordance
> with whose directions or instructions the directors of a corporation are
> accustomed to act_ and an alternate or substitute director."

The words underscored in the definition above are also the "shadow director"
mentioned in Section 149(8) of the Companies Act.

62 Millet J in _Re Hydrodam (Corby) Ltd_ [1994] 2 BCLC 180 said:

> "To establish that a defendant is a shadow director of a company, it is
> necessary to allege and prove :
>
> (1) who are the directors of the company, whether de facto or de jure;
>
> (2) that the defendant directed those directors how to act in relation to
> the company or that he was one of the persons who did so;
>
> (3) that those directors acted in accordance with such directions; and
>
> (4) that they were accustomed so to act. What is needed is first, a board of
> directors claiming and purporting to act as such; and secondly, a pattern of
> behaviour in which the board did not exercise any discretion or judgment of
> its own, but acted in accordance with the directions of others."

Although the Second Defendant consulted and discussed company matters with the
Third, Fourth and Fifth Defendants, there could be no doubt who would be the
decision-maker and that they would carry out whatever she instructed them to
do. She was therefore also under the same duties along with the First and the
Third Defendants and, like her husband and her daughter, was equally guilty of
a breach of those duties

63 The First, Second and Third Defendants were the ones with intimate
knowledge of how the Plaintiff company was faring over the years and the ins
and outs of the Plaintiff company’s money. Knowing that the Plaintiff company
was in dire financial straits, they nevertheless used the false accounts to
create the G8 veil to shield the true state of the Plaintiff company from the
eyes of the subcontractors and suppliers. They knew that the existing
creditors could only be paid by the "Rob Peter to pay Paul" scheme described
earlier and that at any one time, there would be some creditors who could not
be paid in full or at all. They had thereby carried on the business of the
company with intent to defraud its creditors. The three of them were clearly
parties to the carrying on of the business in that manner knowingly. Indeed,
they were the directing minds. They should therefore be personally liable
without any limitation of liability for all the debts of the Plaintiff company
(in this case $53.3 million) pursuant to Section 340(1) of the Companies Act
which reads:

> "**340.** –-(1) If, in the course of the winding up of a company or in any
> proceedings against a company, it appears that any business of the company
> has been carried on with the intent to defraud creditors of the company or
> creditors of any other person or for any fraudulent purpose, the Court, on
> the application of the liquidator or any creditor or contributory of the
> company, may, if it thinks proper to do so, declare that any person who was
> knowingly a party to the carrying on of the business in that manner shall be
> personally responsible, without any limitation of liability, for all or any
> of the debts or other liabilities of the company as the Court directs."

The imposition of a criminal sanction in Section 340(5) does not bar the
declaratory relief sought by the Liquidator here (see Section 39 of the
Interpretation Act).

64 Before the financial year 1995/1996, the Plaintiff company purportedly used
the "full completion method" in its accounts for the projects, recognizing and
recording revenue only when the projects in question were fully completed. The
Liquidator has shown that such an accounting policy was not adhered to for the
financial years of 1993/1994 and 1994/1995 and if such a policy had been
observed, the Plaintiff company would not have the $5 million net worth
necessary for a G8 grading. For financial year 1995/1996, the Plaintiff
company then moved the losses back to the previous financial years by means of
a Prior Year Adjustment on the basis that the "Percentage of Completion"
method of accounting introduced by the Third Defendant was more appropriate.

65 A "one-off" revaluation of the Plaintiff company’s plant and machinery was
carried out for the financial year 1995/1996 by valuers appointed by the
Plaintiff company and based on the report dated 26 September 1996, a
"Revaluation Reserve" of some $2.6 million was reflected in the audited
accounts. The Liquidator questioned the bona fides of this exercise which, in
his view, was necessitated by the prior year adjustment in order to maintain
the $5 million net worth of the company. The Liquidator’s valuer testified as
an expert witness and the essence of his evidence was that the revaluation
appeared to have confused and combined the two concepts of fair market value
and existing or continuing use and that the values given were on the high
side. However, the Plaintiff company’s valuer had the advantage of inspecting
the plant and machinery at the relevant time. Even if his valuation was
erroneously high in some aspects, there was no evidence to show that it was
deliberately so and that it was a result of collusion between the Plaintiff
company and the valuer.

66 Between 1995 to 2000, the First and Second Defendants also periodically
caused to be transferred amounts totalling cumulatively $194 million from the
Plaintiff company to their personal accounts to earn interest. While they did
return the principal amounts and did pay personal income tax on the interest
earned, this practice was done when the Plaintiff company was insolvent. There
was no reason why the Plaintiff company could not open an interest-bearing
account. The Plaintiff company was therefore deprived of income that should
have gone into its coffers. The cumulative amount of interest earned this way
was about $280,000 calculated on the basis of the number of days the funds
were in the First and Second Defendants’ personal accounts and an average
interest rate of 4% per annum.

67 The First and Second Defendants also made use of the Plaintiff company’s
funds to purchase land to develop residential properties in Singapore. These
properties were registered in the names of the Second and the Third
Defendants. As indicated earlier, 4 Kew Drive was bought and four houses were
built thereon. The land cost for the plot of land was $3.1 million, out of
which $2.5 million were from overdraft facilities provided to the Second and
Third Defendants by OCBC Bank and the balance was said to be from the First
and the Second Defendants. The building costs were also funded with a loan
from the same bank. Although the Second and the Third Defendants were the
purported borrowers, the interest payable was paid by the Sixth Defendant
using the Plaintiff company’s funds. One of the four houses (757 Upper East
Coast Road) was sold in July 1996 for $3 million reaping in profits of about
$501,000 for the Second and the Third Defendants. 755 Upper East Coast Road
was occupied by the Third Defendant and her husband, the Thirteenth Defendant
and their family.

68 The Plaintiff company also accepted, through the First Defendant, an
additional facility from the same bank in March 1997. The remaining three
houses, together with 2 Kew Drive and an Ocean Park apartment, were mortgaged
to OCBC Bank at the material times.

69 In January 2000, 4 and 4A Kew Drive and 755 Upper East Coast Road were
purportedly sold to the Sixth Defendant at 10% above valuation to reduce the
First and Second Defendants’ indebtedness to the Sixth Defendant. Although the
transaction was recorded in the accounting books of the Sixth Defendant, the
properties remained in the names of the Second and the Third Defendants.

70 In the following month, those three properties together with 2 Kew Drive
and the Ocean Park apartment and the balance sale proceeds of Eastwood Lodge
developed by the Seventh Defendant were treated as assets of the Plaintiff
company in the computation of dividends payable to unsecured creditors for the
purposes of the Judicial Management application.

71 The Ocean Park apartment (528 East Coast Road #19-03 Ocean Park) was bought
by the First Defendant in March 1990. He said he could not recall whether he
had borrowed the Plaintiff company’s funds in the purchase. As this property
was way outside the period in question in these proceedings (1995 to 2000) and
the evidence was not compelling, I did not find that this apartment was in
truth the Plaintiff company’s. My comments apply equally to 2 Kew Drive, the
home of the First and the Second Defendants.

72 The Eastwood Lodge project was sold in April 1999. The Liquidator claimed
that the Seventh Defendant owed the Plaintiff company some $7 million while
the Seventh Defendant admitted having received only $5.755 million from the
Plaintiff company. However, the Fourth Defendant as a director of the Seventh
Defendant had confirmed in writing that the Seventh Defendant was owing the
Plaintiff company about $7 million in April 1999. Between 1995 and 2000, the
Sixth Defendant also transferred about $8.66 million to the Seventh Defendant.
After the sale of the apartments in Eastwood Lodge, some $5.55 million were
paid to the Plaintiff company, leaving about $1.5 million outstanding.

73 It was subsequently discovered by the Liquidator that $482,000 had been
withdrawn by the First Defendant between 28 May and 24 July 2000 after the
winding up order on 26 May 2000. The Second Defendant testified that they
needed this amount as their "living expenses". In February 2000, the directors
were also expecting $1.024 million as "Balance receivable from sale of
Eastwood apartments (receivable after CSC)" and treated that amount as the
Plaintiff company’s asset in its computation of dividends payable to unsecured
creditors. It was not shown what had happened to the $1.024 million.

74 Clearly, therefore the Plaintiff company’s funds had been used through the
instrumentality of the Sixth and the Seventh Defendants to develop the four
houses and Eastwood Lodge and the company had an interest in them or in their
sale proceeds.

75 On 2 March 2000, the Third Defendant appointed the Eleventh Defendant (her
sister) as her attorney to sell 4, 4A and 755 Upper East Coast Road. Her role
was only to sign for the Third Defendant. Every aspect of the sale was
apparently taken care of by the First, Second and the Third Defendants and
their solicitors. All the five mortgaged properties were sold between 15 March
2000 and 9 May 2000 after a letter of demand dated 15 March 2000 was received
from OCBC Bank. The proceeds were used to discharge the loan from the bank.
However, there appeared to be a surplus of about $500,000 unaccounted for
after the indebtedness to the bank (about $11 million) was discharged.

76 Between November 1994 and April 1997, the Plaintiff company transferred a
total of $984,899.60 to the Eighth Defendant in Australia. By a Directors’
resolution in April 1998, the debt was transferred from the Eighth Defendant
to the First Defendant. The First and the Second Defendants used the Plaintiff
company’s funds to purchase properties in Australia in the name of the Eighth
Defendant. Two have been identified – 39A Hydebrae Street, Sydney and the
Goderich Street apartment in Perth. 39A Hydebrae Street was one of the two
houses built on the property known as 39 Hydebrae Street. The other was sold
in 1996. Another, 70 Barker Road, was said by the First Defendant to have been
sold and the proceeds spent for living expenses. The Twelfth Defendant (the
Second Defendant’s younger sister in Australia) testified that 70 Barker Road
was sold in September 1999 for about A$800,000.

77 In all likelihood, the sale proceeds of 70 Barker Road were used to
purchase 17 Woodward Avenue in December 1999, the large house in Australia
which the Tongs are now living in. The Twelfth Defendant’s evidence was self-
contradictory. If her sister (the Second Defendant) did not have enough funds
to purchase a larger house, it was indeed strange that her husband (the First
Defendant) could then give the Twelfth Defendant a loan of A$670,000 for the
purchase of 17 Woodward Avenue. Further, this was the only property in her
sole name unlike the others which she had purchased earlier with her husband.
Being so highly geared financially already, what was her purpose in purchasing
such a large house at A$1.47 million?

78 The timing was also uncanny – the agreement was entered into at the time
when the Tongs were obviously preparing to move permanently from Singapore to
Australia. The size of the house also coincided with the desire of the Tongs
for more spacious accommodation and the rental that they claimed they were
paying to the Twelfth Defendant was nebulous. The loan of A$800,000 came about
only in August 2000, some five months after the completion of the purchase.
Together with the facts that the name of the Eighth Defendant was changed in
January 2000 and the rumours that were rife in Singapore that the First
Defendant had siphoned off lots of money to Australia, I had no doubt
whatsoever that 17 Woodward Avenue was bought by the Twelfth Defendant under
the instructions of the First and the Second Defendants and that the funds for
that purchase were from the Eighth Defendant which was in turn funded by the
Plaintiff company. Adverse inferences must be drawn against the Twelfth
Defendant for her reluctance to produce the Eighth Defendant’s records. The
alleged untimely burglary and vandalization in the Twelfth Defendant’s
accountants’ office were nothing more than a lame excuse towards this end.

79 It was also clear that the Plaintiff company’s funds of up to $3.7 million
were utilized by the First, Second and the Third Defendants for their personal
benefit between 1996 and 2000 when the Plaintiff company was having
difficulties paying its creditors. Examples of such personal benefit were
detailed by the Liquidator as payment of income tax, payment for share
transactions and for personal investments in Australia.

80 Where remuneration paid to the First, Second and Third Defendants by the
Plaintiff company and the Sixth Defendant was concerned, I did not think it
right to hold that once a person is found to have acted in breach of his
fiduciary duties, he has to disgorge all payments made to him by way of
salary. The question must be asked whether the salary of the First, Second and
the Third Defendants was something they would have been entitled to if they
had not breached their fiduciary duties. Plainly, they could not be expected
to work for free once the company became insolvent. The payment of the salary
was not the breach itself, unlike unjust enrichment situations where the money
in the hands of the person who has breached his duties would not have been
there but for the breach.

81 The Liquidator also alleged conspiracy on the part of the Defendants to
injure and/or damage the Plaintiff company by the use of unlawful means. In
the light of what I have discussed above, clearly the First, Second, Third and
the Sixth Defendants were involved in such a conspiracy and should be liable
for the loss/damage suffered to the extent of $53.3 million.

82 The claim against the Thirteenth Defendant was for a declaration that 755
Upper East Coast Road was sold by the Second and the Third Defendants to him
in breach of Section 73B of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act which
provides:

> "(1) Except as provided in this section, every conveyance of property, made
> whether before or after 12th November 1993, with intent to defraud
> creditors, shall be voidable, at the instance of any person thereby
> prejudiced.
>
> (2) This section does not affect the law relating to bankruptcy for the time
> being in force.
>
> (3) This section does not extend to any estate or interest in property
> disposed of for valuable consideration and in good faith or upon good
> consideration and in good faith to any person not having, at the time of the
> disposition, notice of intent to defraud creditors."

The Liquidator argued that the sale in March 2000 at $1.7 million when the
Second and the Third Defendants had already left Singapore was consistent with
their intention to make themselves judgment-proof.

83 The sale at that price was approved by OCBC Bank, the mortgagee, even if it
appeared to be below open market valuation. The documentary evidence
pertaining to the completion emanating from the Thirteenth Defendant’s
solicitors showed that no payment was made for the option or upon its exercise
until completion on 14 July 2000. This contradicted the Thirteenth Defendant’s
evidence that he paid $10,000 for the option, 10% of the purchase price
(including the $10,000) upon the exercise of the option and another 10% on
completion.

84 There was no dispute that the Thirteenth Defendant utilized $170,000 of his
CPF savings and took a bank loan of $1,190,000. The bone of contention was the
source of the 20% cash outlay ($340,000). He stated it was from his savings
and later amplied that to his savings, winnings from gambling, a loan from one
of his brothers, money left to him by his deceased mother and a three-year
loan of $230,000 from the Second Defendant’s youngest sister, Peggy Koo. He
denied that it had anything to do with the $350,000 withdrawn by the First
Defendant from the Seventh Defendant in May 2000. The Fourth Defendant
expressed surprise that Peggy Koo had lent $230,000 to the Thirteenth
Defendant. When he was required to put up bail of $350,000 after he was
charged for criminal offences by the CPIB and approached Peggy Koo (his
sister) for a loan, she said she could only afford to lend $10,000. Secondly,
he did not think that the Thirteenth Defendant and Peggy Koo were very close
to each other. It should be noted that his bail money was required only in
February 2001, about 10 or 11 months after Peggy Koo was said to have made the
loan to the Thirteenth Defendant. No party called Peggy Koo to testify in
Court.

85 The Thirteenth Defendant’s gross salary was about $12,000 per month. His
take-home pay was $10,799. He was paid a bonus of one and a half months for
2000\. The monthly instalments of about $4,200 were paid from his CPF savings
and with cash of $1,863 per month.

86 The Liquidator also alleged that the sale price of $1.7 million was an
undervalue. A valuation report by Jones Lang La Salle in December 1999 stated
the open market value of 755 Upper East Coast Road as $1.92 million and the
forced sale value at $1.7 million. Further, 4 and 4A Kew Drive, which had land
areas of about 50 square metres smaller than 755 Upper East Coast Road were
sold in May 2000 at $1.66 million and in April 2000 at $1.8 million
respectively. Hence, despite the avowed intention of the First Defendant not
to have the properties sold at a forced sale by the mortgagee bank, 755 Upper
East Coast Road was nonetheless sold as if it were a forced sale. Accordingly,
the Liquidator asked that the sale be declared void and that the property be
reconveyed to the Plaintiff company free of encumbrance with the Thirteenth
Defendant having to discharge the existing mortgages before reconveyance. He
asked that 755 be sold subsequently and the net proceeds be distributed
equally between the Liquidator and the Official Assignee (because of the
bankruptcy of the Third Defendant).

87 The Thirteenth Defendant alleged that the Liquidator was aware of the sale
of 755 Upper East Coast Road to the Thirteenth Defendant as the details of the
sale of all the five properties were clearly set out in the Third Defendant’s
affidavit of 25 May 2000 in the winding up proceedings. However, he did
nothing about it until 22 June 2000 when he instructed his solicitors to write
to the solicitors for the Second and the Third Defendants demanding that all
the proceeds of sale be paid to him or be held by the solicitors for the
Second and the Third Defendants as stakeholders. The said Defendants’
solicitors could not accede to his demand. The proceeds of sale were paid to
OCBC Bank as the mortgagee bank.

88 While the Thirteenth Defendant’s evidence as to the source of the $340,000
was far from satisfactory, it was not shown by the Liquidator that the money
had come from any of the Defendants or from the Plaintiff company’s funds. The
property was sold at a forced sale value but that was done with the approval
of the bank. It was one of the five properties sold to discharge the
outstanding loan and it could not be said that the proceeds from the other
four would be used first by the bank and that there would therefore be a
surplus. Indeed, it was the first of the five to be sold and if the first-in,
first-out principle was applied, the entire proceeds would have gone to the
mortgagee-bank in any event, even if the price was for much more than $1.7
million.

89 However, I rejected the Thirteenth Defendant’s claim of ignorance about the
Tong family’s financial woes and that he was unaware of their plans to take
flight to Australia. After all, his young son (Calvin) was involved and his
younger son would be separated from his mother for a considerable period of
time. It was too much of a coincidence that he would also be having such a
"bad patch" with the Third Defendant then that she would keep him totally in
the dark about what was going on.

90 In the financial analysis, the bank was not defrauded and the other
creditors of the Second Defendant, the Third Defendant or the Plaintiff
company could not have been defrauded. It was therefore difficult to infer an
"intent to defraud creditors" in the circumstances. The Liquidator therefore
failed in his claim against the Thirteenth Defendant. In any event, it could
not be right to make the Thirteenth Defendant pay the bank and the CPF the
amounts he had borrowed in order that the Plaintiff company or the Official
Assignee could benefit.

91 This case has demonstrated the great difficulties involved in identifying
the sources of funds and the way they were used or rolled over. Having made
the conclusions set out above and with the consequential orders that would
follow therefrom, I did not think it necessary that these proceedings should
be further extended by making tracing orders against the First, Second, Third,
Sixth, Seventh and the Eighth Defendants.

_

  
THE ORDERS MADE

_

92 The orders made are set out in the sequence in which the relevant prayers
for relief appeared in the Amended Statement of Claim. I granted judgment
against the First, Second, Third and Sixth Defendants for the loss/damage
suffered by the Plaintiff company by reason of the conspiracy to injure by
unlawful means in the sum of $53.3 million. Alternatively, the said Defendants
were liable to the Plaintiff company for the said loss/damage as constructive
trustees.

93 I gave judgment against the First, Second and Third Defendants for the
loss/damage suffered by the Plaintiff company by reason of their breaches of
fiduciary duty in the sum of $53.3 million and granted the declaration sought
that the said Defendants were constructive trustees for the Plaintiff company
in respect of the said sum and that they should account to the Plaintiff
company for this sum and pay it to the Plaintiff company accordingly. I also
granted a declaration that the four properties developed on the land
previously known as 4 Kew Drive were held in trust for the Plaintiff company.

94 I granted a declaration that the First, Second and Third Defendants were
knowingly parties to the carrying on of the business of the Plaintiff company
with intent to defraud its creditors and that they were liable to the
Plaintiffs for the said $53.3 million. Alternatively, the said Defendants were
liable as constructive trustees.

95 Judgment was ordered against the Eighth and the Twelfth Defendants for a
declaration that they held $984,899.60 as constructive trustees for the
Plaintiff company and that they should account to the Plaintiff company for
the said sum. They were also declared the constructive trustees for the
Plaintiff company in respect of the following Australian properties:

> (1) 39A Hydebrae Street, Sydney;
>
> (2) Stamford Apartment, Goderich Street, Perth; and
>
> (3) 17 Woodward Avenue, Sydney.

Should all or any portion of the said $984,899.60 have been expended on any of
the abovementioned three properties, the amount due would be extinguished or
diminished to that extent.

96 The Plaintiff company was also given a declaration that the Seventh
Defendant received $7 million from the Plaintiff company as constructive
trustees and it should account for the use of this $7 million including the
outstanding amount of $1.5 million.

97 The total amount due to the Plaintiff company in respect of all the above
orders should be $53.3 million and any amount realized from any of the
Defendants pursuant to the above orders would reduce the total to that extent.

98 The injunction dated 9 October 2000 should continue against the First,
Second, Third, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth and The Twelfth Defendants.

99 Simple interest awarded on all sums due was to run from the date of the
Writ of Summons.

100 The Plaintiff company was also awarded taxed costs against the First,
Second, Third, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth and Twelfth Defendants. In view of the
more limited role played by the Twelfth Defendant and the insolvency of most
of the other Defendants, I acceded to the request that her liability for the
Plaintiff company’s costs be limited to a fair proportion which I fixed at
25%.

101 The Plaintiff company’s claims against the Fourth, Fifth, Ninth, Tenth,
Eleventh and Thirteenth Defendants were dismissed and the injunction against
them was discharged accordingly. There was no order to assess any damages
suffered as a result of the injunction as the Liquidator, with the knowledge
gleaned from the documents made available to him, had rightly taken out the
injunction against all of them. I awarded taxed costs to these Defendants but
directed that such costs be paid by the First, Second, Third and Sixth
Defendants as these proceedings were essentially the result of what they had
done.

102 I also awarded a certificate for two Counsel to both Ms Belinda Ang, S.C.
and Mr B Mohan Singh.

103 The Defendants had taken out various applications to set aside the
injunction but these were adjourned to be dealt with at the trial. In view of
the above orders, I made no order on these applications except that costs be
in the cause.

_

  
THE APPEALS

_

104 In Civil Appeal 600124 of 2001, the Eighth and the Twelfth Defendants are
appealing to the Court of Appeal against those parts of my decision affecting
them. In Civil Appeal 600128 of 2001, the First, Second and the Third
Defendants are appealing against those parts of my decision affecting them.
Civil Appeal 600130 of 2001 is the appeal by the Plaintiff company against the
dismissal of its claim against the Thirteenth Defendant and the refusal to
make tracing orders against the First, Second, Third, Sixth, Seventh and
Eighth Defendants.

Sgd:

TAY YONG KWANG  
JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Dec 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

