Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sim Bok Huat Royston v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGHC 67

Case Number | : | MA 323/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 April 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Howard Cashin (Howard Cashin & Lim) and Intekhab Khan (J Koh & Co) for the appellant; Ong Hian Sun (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Sim Bok Huat Royston — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Corruptly receiving gratification – Whether offence
proven beyond reasonable doubt – s 6(a) Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241,
1993 Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Accused committed offence while
an inspector in police force – Whether sentence of nine months' imprisonment
manifestly inadequate on facts of case – Need for deterrent sentence  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Voir dire – Admissibility of statements –
Whether witness' police or other statement to be voluntary in order to be
admissible as evidence in trial – Whether trial judge correct in ordering voir
dire to determine voluntariness of witness' statements – Admission of previous
inconsistent statement under s 147 of Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Ed) – s 147
Weight to be accorded to such statements once admitted – Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Ed)  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Whether witness' police or other
statement to be voluntary in order to be admissible as evidence in trial –
Admission of previous inconsistent statement under s 147 of Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1997 Ed) – Whether s 147 required voluntariness for admission – s 147
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Ed) – Weight to be accorded to witnessÂ’ previous
inconsistent statement governed non-exhaustively by factors in s 147 (6)- s
147 Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Ed)  
  

: This was another in a series of cases involving the now infamous Geylang
moneylender Chua Tiong Tiong, otherwise known as `Ah Long San`, which have
perplexed the courts in recent months. At the end of the hearing, I dismissed
the appeal and now give my reasons.  
  
**_Salient facts_**

****

The facts of this case are relatively straightforward. The appellant, who was
a police officer, was charged with one count of having accepted an unspecified
sum of money from Chua Tiong Tiong (`Chua`) through one Tan Yuek Theng (PW2)
(`Tan`) outside the M3-KTV Lounge in Geylang sometime in January 1998. The
charge under s 6(a) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Ed)
(`the PCA`) alleged that the appellant accepted the moneys as gratification in
return for using his position as a police officer to assist Chua in his
affairs.  
  
**_The prosecution`s case_**

****

The prosecution for its case relied mainly and in fact primarily on the
evidence of Tan. Prior to the trial, Tan had given, inter alia, two statements
to two senior special investigators from the Corrupt Practices Investigating
Bureau (`CPIB`) separately: P4, which was recorded by SSI Liew Khee Yat (PW6)
(`SSI Liew`) in the early morning of 2 January 1999; and P3, recorded by SSI
Jacqueline Foo (PW5) (`SSI Foo`) some 22 days later on 24 February 1999. The
gist of what Tan had said in these statements, particularly in P4, was that he
had been a runner for Chua between 1997 and 1998, and had assisted the latter
in passing envelopes of cash to the appellant, as well as several other police
officers, including Kelvin Fong and William Fong. He was previously acquainted
with Kelvin who subsequently introduced him to William in 1995. Thereafter, he
was further introduced to the appellant by Kelvin some time in 1998 at a
drinking session. With respect to the appellant, Tan said that he had, on one
night in January 1998, been given an envelope of cash by Chua at the back of a
coffeeshop in Geylang with the instruction that he should pass the envelope of
cash to the appellant, who would be waiting for him at the M3-KTV Lounge
several streets away. The envelope was sealed and Tan did not open it. From
his experience of having handled cash as a loanshark before, however, he was
able to tell that there were two stacks of S$50 notes inside the envelope. He
proceeded to the M3-KTV Lounge where he saw one Lim Hock Gee, whom he knew to
be Chua`s personal driver, waiting there. About five minutes later, the
appellant arrived in his car, following which Tan handed the envelope of cash
to him after telling him that it was from Chua. The appellant accepted the
envelope and drove off.  
  
In court, under examination-in-chief by the Deputy Public Prosecutor (DPP),
Tan did a complete turnaround and retracted the essence of what he had said in
his statements to the CPIB officers. He denied having worked for Chua or
having ever delivered envelopes of money for the latter to the appellant. He
claimed that SSI Liew had threatened him as well as conducted other oppressive
acts on him when recording P4, as a result of which Tan had given the
statement randomly and its contents were thus his own concoctions and did not
contain the truth.  
  
At this juncture, the DPP applied for a voir dire to determine the
voluntariness of P4 and P3. Several CPIB officers who had been involved in
recording statements from Tan were called during the voir dire, including SSI
Liew and SSI Foo. SSI Liew denied the allegations made against him by Tan to
the effect that he had stripped the latter to his underwear, turned on the
air-conditioner to full-blast and refused his request to visit the washroom
when recording P4. He further testified that he met up with Tan again
subsequently on 23 March 1999 whereupon Tan was requested to furnish a witness
bond of $25,000 as compulsion for him to testify at trials against several
police officers investigated by the CPIB, including the appellant. When Tan
replied that he could not afford the amount, SSI Liew pleaded with his
Assistant Director on Tan`s behalf for the amount to be reduced to $5,000,
which it eventually was. As for the other recording officers, the substance of
their evidence was to the effect that none of them had held out any threat,
inducement or promise to Tan during the recording of his statements, nor had
Tan complained to them about Liew`s alleged mistreatment. All the recording
officers were offered to Tan himself for cross-examination, although defence
counsel was not afforded the same opportunity. Under cross-examination by the
DPP, Tan agreed that P4 and P3 were made by him voluntarily. He maintained
this stand again in his own re-examination by withdrawing his allegations of
oppressive conduct by SSI Liew.  
  
At the end of the voir dire, the district judge ruled, based on the evidence
adduced in the trial-within-a-trial, that both P4 and P3 were made by Tan
voluntarily.  
  
Upon the resumption of the main trial, Tan again confounded the court with his
erratic and conflicting testimony. While he admitted that he had indeed worked
as a runner for Chua between 1997 and 1998, he denied having ever handed any
envelope containing cash to Kelvin, William Fong or the appellant. He said
that he had given the appellant a loan of $1,000 once, at the Changi
Government Chalet, but that that was a personal loan given by himself and not
on behalf of Chua. He claimed that he had stated otherwise in P4 and P3 out of
fear.  
  
At this point, the prosecution applied to impeach Tan`s credit under ss 157(c)
and 147(1) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Ed), which application was
granted by the court. When confronted with the material discrepancies between
his assertions in P4 and P3, and his testimony in court, Tan`s characteristic
replies were that he had given the statements contained in P4 and P3 out of
fear, that he had said them thoughtlessly, and that SSI Liew had threatened
him. Under cross-examination by defence counsel, Tan again asserted that the
conflicting statements in P4 and P3 were either suggested to him by SSI Liew
or a figment of his own imagination and further claimed that SSI Liew had hit
him with a document sometime during the recording of P4. He agreed with
defence counsel that Chua had never given him envelopes of money to pass to
the appellant. Upon re-examination by the DPP, Tan again maintained that the
inconsistencies in P4 which implicated the appellant were thought up of by
himself and that he was forced into saying what he did to SSI Liew.  
  
At the end of the prosecution`s case, the defence made a submission of no case
to answer which was rejected by the trial judge. The appellant elected to give
evidence in his defence in consequence.  
  
**_The defence_**

****

The appellant`s defence was simply that he had never received any envelope of
cash from Tan. He also denied having ever been to the M3-KTV Lounge in
Geylang. Under cross-examination, he admitted that he had known Tan since the
beginning of 1997, having been introduced to the man by Kelvin. He agreed that
he had gone out with Tan before, either to coffeeshops or KTV Lounges but
always with Kelvin or William around. At these outings, the appellant always
left the party first so he did not know who eventually footed the bill. But he
maintained that he always paid back his share of the bill to either Kelvin or
William. It was not disputed that the appellant was also acquainted with Chua.
He testified that he had met Chua through the latter`s brother, one Chua Tiong
Chye (`CTC`), whom he had known in his army days, at a coffeeshop in Geylang.
He denied knowing that Chua was the infamous illegal moneylender `Ah Long
San`, and testified that he only knew him as `Ah San`. He later met Chua or
`Ah San` at the Deluxe Lido Palace Nite Club in the Concorde Hotel on two
separate occasions. He claimed, however, that the meetings were chance
meetings and both men had gone there separately with their own groups of
friends. As before, he maintained that he paid back his share of the bill on
both occasions to his colleagues and did not know if Chua had paid for the
appellant`s group. He admitted when pressed, however, that Chua had arranged
to meet him once at the Sakura Finger Pressure Fitness Centre (`Sakura`) in
Geylang on 17 December 1998 to confide in him about the legal processes
concerning CTC, who had been arrested in June 1998.  
  
It was revealed during cross-examination that the appellant had made a status
enquiry into one Lim Chin Boon on Chua`s request some time in December 1998.
He disclosed that he had called up one SSG Ong Hock Leong from the Secret
Societies Branch to find out if Lim Chin Boon had been arrested. He denied,
however, that the information given by SSG Ong on Lim Chin Boon`s status was
confidential in nature or that his act in making the enquiry was against the
law, asserting that members of the public themselves could personally call up
to find out if a particular person had been arrested. The appellant also did
not ask Chua why he wanted this information for he simply assumed that Lim
Chin Boon was either Chua`s relative or friend.  
  
With regard to a certain blue Sunpage pager in his possession, the appellant
admitted that Tan, to whom the pager belonged, had passed it to him for
safekeeping sometime in late 1998. Tan had allegedly bought the pager for one
of his workers but had trouble locating him and as such, requested the
appellant to keep the pager in his custody for the time being. The appellant
agreed to do so as he felt it was prestigious to be carrying two pagers.  
  
At this juncture, the DPP applied to impeach the appellant`s credit by
reference to a document entitled `Statement of Facts`, which was admitted by
the trial judge as exh P7. I noted at the outset that P7 was not a document
signed by the appellant but was instead signed by the DPP. It contained brief
descriptions written in the third person of the facts surrounding several
other charges against the appellant under the Police Force Act, Films Act and
Computer Misuse Act respectively. The appellant agreed with the DPP that he
had seen the document P7 before and had previously admitted to its contents
unreservedly. He explained that the statement in P7 to the effect that he had
accepted free drinks from Chua at the Deluxe Lido Palace Nite Club in 1997
referred only to the period when Chua had, as a matter of courtesy, invited
the appellant over to join his party after they happened to chance upon each
other at the lounge. The appellant maintained that he paid for the drinks of
his own group himself and that Chua had never specifically invited him out for
drinks. As for the status enquiry into Lim Chin Boon, the appellant stated
that he did not know, at the time he made the enquiry, that it was against the
Police General Orders or that it amounted to conduct prejudicial to good
order.  
  
**_The decision below_**

****

At the end of the trial, the district judge disbelieved the appellant`s
testimony and convicted him accordingly. He also found that Tan`s oral
evidence was unreliable, choosing instead to rely on what he had said in P4
and P3, which the learned judge held contained the truth of events. He was
satisfied, after a consideration of the factors in s 147(6) of the Evidence
Act, that adequate weight could be accorded to the evidence contained in P4
and P3, which on their own was sufficient to sustain the appellant`s
conviction.  
  
**_The appeal_**

****

The main issue on appeal before me, as was the case at the trial, was the
question whether or not the fact of gratification had been proven by the
prosecution beyond reasonable doubt. Counsel for the appellant advanced in
essence two main lines of argument before me. He contended firstly that his
client was prejudiced as he was denied the opportunity to cross-examine the
recording officers during the voir dire. Next, counsel further submitted that
P4 itself raised serious doubts as to whether or not the envelope which Chua
had handed to Tan to pass to the appellant even contained cash, and if so,
exactly how much cash it contained.  
  
**_The law_**

****

Section 6(a) of the PCA states as follows:

> _If -_

> _
>
> (a) any agent corruptly accepts or obtains, or agrees to accept or attempt
> to obtain, from any person, for himself or for any other person, any
> gratification as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or
> for having done or forborne to do, any act in relation to his principal`s
> affairs or business, or for showing or forbearing to show favour or
> disfavour to any person in relation to his principal`s affairs or business,
>
> _

> _
>
> ...
>
> he shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine
> not exceeding $100,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 5 years
> or both.
>
> _

  
  
I held in the case of **Kwang Boon Keong Peter v PP** [1998] 2 SLR 592  that
in order to sustain a conviction under s 6(a), the prosecution needs to prove
the following four elements beyond a reasonable doubt (at p 613):

(i) that there was an acceptance of gratification;

(ii) that the gratification was accepted as an inducement or reward;

(iii) that there was an objectively corrupt element in the transaction; and

(iv) that the appellant accepted the gratification with a guilty knowledge.  
  
As alluded to, the only element in dispute in this appeal was limb (i) of the
offence as enunciated above.  
  
**_Analysing the appeal_**

****

  
  
**Tan`s evidence**

It was not disputed that Tan was the prosecution`s sole material witness in
this case, one who also turned hostile during his examination-in-chief. As a
result, the prosecution sought to impeach his credit by highlighting the
material discrepancies between his testimony in court, and his prior
statements to the CPIB. When oppressive acts by SSI Liew were alleged by Tan
in the recording of P4, the district judge allowed the prosecution`s
application to conduct a voir dire in order to determine the voluntariness of
Tan`s statements.  
  
With respect, I found that the course taken by the trial judge was
procedurally erroneous. Nowhere is it stated either in the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68) (`the CPC`) or the Evidence Act that a witness`, as opposed to
an accused`s, statement to the police or a CPIB officer is subject to any test
of voluntariness. In other words, there is nothing in the statute law which
states that a witness` police or other statement has to be voluntary before it
may be admitted as evidence in a trial. It will be seen that the voluntariness
tests espoused in s 122(5) of the CPC for police statements and s 24 of the
Evidence Act for confessions made to non-police officers, apply only to
statements given by an accused person. Witness` statements whether to police
officers or otherwise do not fall within the same category and, as such, are
not subject to any test of voluntariness. As such, it was unnecessary and
procedurally incorrect for the district judge to have ordered a voir dire to
determine the voluntariness of P4 and P3. The Court of Appeal has recently
endorsed this view in the case of **Thiruselvam s/o Nagaratnam v PP** [2001] 2
SLR 125 , in which it was said with regard to previous inconsistent statements
of witnesses which are sought to be admitted via s 147 of the Evidence Act, as
P4 and P3 undoubtedly were in this case, that all that is required to be
proved is that those statements were in fact made by the witness. There is no
further requirement under s 147 to prove that the witness made the statement
voluntarily. The Court of Appeal agreed with the trial judge in that case
that, if a statement had been involuntarily extracted from a witness, then the
weight of that statement admitted for the purpose under s 147 may be
significantly reduced but its admissibility per se remains unaffected. In my
view, that must be the correct position at law for in the absence of any
statutory direction enjoining the conducting of voir dires for witness`
statements, to hold that the admissibility of a witness` statement is
conditioned upon it being found to have been given voluntarily would be
tantamount to judicial legislation.  
  
Following from the above, I found that the admission of P4 and P3 as evidence
in this case was governed solely by ss 147 and 157(c) of the Evidence Act,
which I reiterate do not stipulate a separate requirement of voluntariness.
The relevant portions provide as follows:

> _
>
> 147(1) A witness may be cross-examined as to previous statements made by him
> in writing or reduced into writing, and relevant to matters in question in
> the suit or proceeding in which he is cross-examined, without such writing
> being shown to him or being proved; but if it is intended to contradict him
> by the writing, his attention must, before the writing can be proved, be
> called to those parts of it which are to be used for the purpose of
> contradicting him.
>
> ...
>
> (3) Where in any proceedings a previous inconsistent or contradictory
> statement made by a person called as a witness in those proceedings is
> proved by virtue of this section, that statement shall by virtue of this
> subsection be admissible as evidence of any fact stated therein of which
> direct oral evidence by him would be admissible.
>
> ...
>
> (6) In estimating the weight, if any, to be attached to a statement
> admissible in evidence by virtue of this section regard shall be had to all
> the circumstances from which any inference can reasonably be drawn as to the
> accuracy or otherwise of the statement and, in particular, to the question
> whether or not the statement was made contemporaneously with the occurrence
> or existence of the facts stated, and to the question whether or not the
> maker of the statement had any incentive to conceal or misrepresent the
> facts.
>
> 157 The credit of a witness may be impeached in the following ways by the
> adverse party or, with the consent of the court, by the party who calls him:
>
> ...
>
> (c) by proof of former statements inconsistent with any part of his evidence
> which is liable to be contradicted; ...
>
> _

  
  
Section 157 thus allows for the credit of a witness to be impeached upon proof
of the previous consistent statement and its material discrepancies not being
satisfactorily explained. Section 147 too was originally drafted as an
impeachment provision, intended to permit cross-examining counsel to demolish
the credibility, and hence testimony of a witness who had previously given a
statement which was inconsistent with his evidence in court. The function of s
147 was, therefore, limited or restricted to impeaching the credit of the
witness in question. It did not allow the previous inconsistent statement to
be correspondingly admitted into the case as evidence. In 1976, however, the
Evidence Act was amended to introduce the current s 147(3), which effectively
lifted the restriction on the purpose for which previous inconsistent
statements might be used. Following the amendments, a previous statement made
by a witness may now be used not only to impugn his credibility as a witness,
but as evidence of the facts stated therein as well. I had earlier settled and
documented this point in the landmark case of **PP v Sng Siew Ngoh** [1996] 1
SLR 143 , in which I held further that a conviction may be sustained solely on
the evidence contained in a witness` previous inconsistent statement.  
  
Returning to the facts of the present case, it was not disputed on either side
that Tan`s testimony in court was vastly different from his statements in P4
and P3. Since the signatures on P4 and P3 belonged to Tan and he in any event
admitted to making them, there was no question that the statements P4 and P3
were formally proved. What was in contention was the question whether or not
P4 and P3 contained the truth or had been voluntarily made. As I explained
earlier however, this question does not affect the admissibility of P4 and P3.
They being but mere witness` statements, are admissible via s 147 of the
Evidence Act irrespective of the voluntariness or lack thereof with which they
were made. But are the statements then to be accorded their full weight?
Surely this cannot be the case. While P4 and P3 are clearly admissible whether
in cross-examination or as evidence of the facts stated therein by virtue of s
147, the weight to be accorded to such evidence has to be separately
determined. As held in **_Thiruselvam_** `s case (supra), it is only at this
stage that questions relating to the circumstances in which the statements
were made become relevant and not earlier, as the trial judge appeared to me
to have mistakenly thought in acceding to the prosecution`s request to hold a
voir dire. The difference between considering questions of voluntariness at
the weight stage as opposed to the admissibility stage is that in the former,
a separate trial-within-a-trial need not be held to determine the question of
voluntariness for the evidence is already admitted. Any question concerning
the circumstances surrounding the recording of the statements is thus put to
the recorders as part of the main trial itself, rightfully opening them to
cross-examination by defence counsel in a case where it is the voluntariness
of a prosecution witness` statement that is in contention. What took place in
the present case on the other hand was that the district judge had called for
a voir dire to determine the voluntariness of P4 and P3, but had excluded
defence counsel from cross-examining the recorders of P4 and P3 in the voir
dire because it was the voluntariness of a prosecution witness` statement that
was being impugned. I accepted counsel`s point that clearly this could not be
right, for the thrust of the prosecution`s case, as it turned out, hinged
solely on P4 and P3, and as such, it was in every interest of the appellant
that he be permitted to cross-examine the recorders of those statements on the
circumstances in which the recordings were made. The failure to let defence
counsel cross-examine the recorders might thus well have rendered the
proceedings below a mis-trial warranting a rehearing altogether. Fortunately
however, the recorders of P4 and P3 were called to give evidence again in the
main trial of the circumstances surrounding the recording of the statements so
as it turned out, defence counsel was not after all precluded from cross-
examining them on this point. As a result, I found counsel`s contention that
his client was prejudiced because Tan was unrepresented during the voir dire
to be wholly without merit. While it may have been improper for the trial
judge to have asked Tan to undertake the cross-examination of SSI Liew and SSI
Foo during the voir dire himself, no prejudice accrued to the appellant since
defence counsel was subsequently allowed to cross-examine the recorders when
the main trial resumed. Certainly, the position may well be different in other
cases where the recorders are not called as part of the main trial which is in
fact often the case. In that situation, the accused would effectively have
been denied the opportunity to confront the persons best acquainted with the
circumstances surrounding the recording of the incriminating statement against
him, resulting in an affront to all common sense notions of fairness. No such
unfairness however was present in the case before us since the recorders were
in fact called as witnesses again in the main trial. In addition, I found that
there was also nothing to support counsel`s suggestion that Tan should have
been offered separate representation for himself, the latter not being a
defendant or co-accused in the trial.  
  
The result of the examination of the recording officers is thus one of the
instrumental factors influencing the proper weight to be given to the
statement in question. In **Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v PP** [1999] 1 SLR 25 ,
guidance was given by the Court of Appeal in respect of the other factors
listed under s 147(6) to be considered when determining the proper weight to
be accorded to a previous inconsistent statement of a witness admissible in
evidence by virtue of s 147(3):

> _First, the contemporaneity of a statement with the occurrence or existence
> of the facts stated is important for it guards against inaccuracy, though
> the degree of contemporaneity required will vary with the facts in question.
> The recollection of the details of particular events, particularly where
> these occur quickly, is easily susceptible to error with time but the
> recollection of the existence of a relationship is not so malleable. Second,
> there can be little guidance on the possibility of misrepresentation by the
> maker of the statement but the court must be astute in spotting such
> instances. Third, in addition to the above matters, the weight to be
> accorded to a prior inconsistent statement will be affected materially by an
> explanation of the inconsistency and why that statement is an inaccurate
> representation of the facts. Fourth, regard should be had to the context of
> the statement. Subsection (6) does not restrict consideration to only the
> making of the statement but requires consideration of all the circumstances
> affecting its accuracy. Thus the court must consider the context of the
> inconsistent portions, which requires that the whole of the statement be
> examined. Reliance cannot be placed on a portion of the statement that is
> taken out of context. Finally, the cogency and coherence of the facts to be
> relied upon has to be noted. An ambivalent statement does not attract much
> weight._

  
  
Applying the above factors first to P4, which in any event was the more
incriminating of Tan`s two statements, the most pertinent consideration was of
course Tan`s allegation of the several oppressive acts that SSI Liew had
supposedly carried out on him. While I have shown that this does not go
towards the admissibility of the statement, it nevertheless affects the weight
to be given to it. A perusal of the notes of evidence of the court below
showed, however, that any accusation of oppressive acts committed by SSI Liew
on Tan could not have been anything more than a figment of his own
imagination, dreamt up of by him for reasons best known to himself. Firstly,
despite the obviously harsh treatment which he described he received from SSI
Liew, it is telling that Tan made absolutely no complaint about it to the
other officers whom he encountered subsequently - SSI Phua Meng Ghee (PW4)
(`SSI Phua`), who took over the recording of P4 from SSI Liew in the evening
of the same day, and SSI Foo who recorded P3 from Tan some 22 days later. He
claimed to have made a complaint to one SSI Raymond Wee, yet it is telling
that SSI Wee was not called by the defence though it was open to them to do
so. Next, it was both SSI Phua and SSI Foo`s evidence that they had read back
P4 over to Tan before commencing the recording of their own statements and at
no time did Tan complain of any errors, mistakes or untruths in P4. Thirdly,
SSI Liew testified, and this was admitted to by Tan himself, that
subsequently, Tan had even confided in him about his financial and business
problems in China, thus diminishing the possibility that SSI Liew could have
subjected Tan to the type of callous treatment which he alleged since it
appeared that the two men obviously got along well-enough for the latter to
share his personal problems with the former. Nor was Tan able to proffer any
explanation why SSI Liew would have later bothered to negotiate for a lower
witness bond for the former if the two men had indeed had a bad episode
between them just several months earlier. Finally, it is pertinent that Tan
was not even under arrest nor was it suggested that he was a suspect at the
time when his statements were recorded. If anything, it appeared that he was
all along treated as a witness only by the CPIB. As such, there was no
fathomable reason why SSI Liew should have subjected him to the type of
treatment which he described. As regards P3, it was clear that there was
nothing questionable about the circumstances in which it was recorded. No
allegation of oppression was made against SSI Foo who recorded that statement
22 days after the alleged harsh treatment by SSI Liew. As such, any fear which
might have been operating on Tan`s mind, even if it had existed, as a result
of SSI Liew`s alleged oppressive conduct would clearly have ceased to operate
by the time P3 was recorded.  
  
As for the noticeable absence of contemporaneity, given that the statements
were only given in February 1999 while the alleged incident occurred in
January 1998, I found that the district judge had already adequately dealt
with this point. He noted, rightly, that the passing of the envelope of moneys
from Tan to the appellant was but a simple, one-off concrete event. It was not
part of a complicated factual matrix which, if it was, might have provided an
excuse for a genuine failure of memory. As such, it was unlikely that Tan`s
recollection of the event in his statements could have been eroded by the
passage even of one year. Perhaps if he had been mistaken as to the person
whom he passed the moneys to outside the M3-KTV Lounge, he being a regular
runner for Chua, that might have been a credible explanation, but his
testimony in court was not that he had been mistaken as to the identity of the
recipient of the moneys, but that he had never passed envelopes of moneys for
Chua to anyone at all! Indeed, I found it difficult to see why or how he could
have spun those stories concerning the passing of moneys to the appellant in
front of the M3-KTV Lounge and to Kelvin Fong at the void deck of his block of
flats, together with all their specifics and details if not even a semblance
of these events had ever taken place.  
  
Moving on to the possibility of misrepresentation, I found that there was no
reason why Tan should implicate the appellant nor was defence counsel able to
suggest one to the court. While Tan, though not necessarily an accomplice, was
clearly a participant or abettor to the offence, and his words should thus be
treated with caution, this was not however a case in which Tan had sought to
minimise his own role in the transaction by seeking to push the blame wholly
onto someone else. Here, Tan had clearly fully incriminated himself in P4,
admitting without qualification that he was the middleman who had delivered
the moneys from Chua to the appellant. As such, astute as I was to such
instances, I found no reason or motive for him to misrepresent the facts in
his statements.  
  
With respect to the cogency and coherence of the statement, I had no doubt
that the incriminatory portions of P4 were clear and unambiguous for they
unequivocally identified the appellant as the person to whom Tan had passed
the envelope of moneys. Nitty-gritty details on the other hand, such as his
knowledge of the denomination of the currency or the exact amount contained in
the envelope, even if somewhat nebulous and unclear, did not affect the main
purport of the statement which clearly incriminated the appellant. It will be
recalled that the charge, after its amendment by the district judge, defined
the gratification received as being an `unspecified sum of money` only and as
such, counsel`s contention that the prosecution was unable to prove from P4
the exact amount of money contained in the envelope did not advance his
client`s case in any way whatsoever.  
  
It followed from the above that there was nothing which warranted that little
weight be given to Tan`s previous statements as contained in P4 and P3. On the
contrary, I formed the view that substantial and considerable weight should be
given to them for the reasons set out above. His failure to proffer any
satisfactory explanation of the material discrepancies between his CPIB
statements and his testimony in court meant further that his credit had been
impeached and he had clearly been shown to be one who was incapable of
speaking the whole truth under oath: see **_Kwang Boon Keong Peter v PP_**
(supra). What the court was left with were thus his statements in P4 and P3,
which I have shown should be accorded substantial weight. In the light of the
now well-settled pronouncement in **_PP v Sng Siew Ngoh_** (supra) elucidated
above that a conviction may be sustained solely on the evidence contained in a
witness` previous inconsistent statement even if uncorroborated, a fortiori, I
had no hesitation that such evidence on its own amply satisfied the minimum
evaluation test espoused in **Haw Tua Tau v PP** [1980-1981] SLR 73  [1981] 2
MLJ 49  that is necessary to justify calling upon of an accused to enter on
his defence at the end of the prosecution`s case. As a result, I found that
the decision by the district judge to reject the submission of no case to
answer by the defence and to call upon the appellant to enter on his defence
was unimpeachable.  
  
At this juncture, I pause for a moment to mention that I am aware of the
dangers of relying solely on a previous inconsistent statement of a witness to
found a prima facie case for the prosecution, let alone sustain an entire
conviction. Admittedly, the evidence contained in such a statement is
potentially unreliable on three counts: first, it is obviously hearsay, being
an out-of-court and hence unsworn assertion, second it is, at least in this
case, the word of a participant in the offence itself who may thus be seen to
have had a motive to lie or frame the accused, and lastly, it is almost always
extracted under custodial and interrogative conditions which greatly increase
the risk of false statements. Nevertheless, I was of the view that these
concerns did not fair strongly in the present case. With respect to the
objection by reason of hearsay, this is dealt adequately with by s 147(3) of
the Evidence Act which specifically creates a statutory exception to the
hearsay rule. The legislature has obviously thought it fit, for reasons of
practicality (since they felt it artificial to draw a distinction between
using a statement to impeach and treating its contents as substantive
evidence), to make statements admitted via s 147(3), an exception to the rule.
In any event, the appellant in this case was not precluded from cross-
examining the maker of the statement, Tan, who unlike a co-accused in a joint
trial, was a compellable witness. As regards the fact that Tan himself was a
participant, I have shown that there was no logical reason nor has defence
counsel suggested one, why he should frame the appellant after he had already
fully implicated himself in the statement. Clearly any temptation to narrate
the story in a way most favourable to himself was not succumbed to by Tan in
giving the statement in P4. Finally, it was also pertinent that Tan was not
under arrest nor was he even a suspect at the time when the statements were
taken from him. As such, the statements could not be said to have been
recorded under custodial conditions. As for whether the conditions were
interrogative, it too has been shown that Tan`s allegation of oppressive
conduct by SSI Liew was simply unbelievable. While implicating a third party
in one`s statement hardly qualifies as an admission against one`s own self-
interest and does not generally have the same guarantee of reliability as
one`s own confession damning oneself, I had no doubt in this case after taking
all the above circumstances into account in totality, that P4 and P3 were not
so inherently incredible as to be incapable of belief. As such, I rejected
counsel`s submission that the district judge had erred in calling upon the
appellant to enter on his defence based on the evidence in P4 and P3 alone.  
  
**The allegation of hearsay and opinion contained in P4**

Before moving on to consider the appellant`s defence, I ought to deal briefly
with counsel`s allegation in his written case that several portions of P4
contained hearsay which should have been excluded. If counsel`s allegation was
correct, then those portions of the evidence should rightly have been excluded
since s 147(3) of the Evidence Act only permitted the admission of facts of
which direct oral evidence by the maker would have been admissible. With
respect then to the allegation of hearsay, the impugned portions of P4 read as
follows:

(a) `... Ah San had asked me personally to hand the envelopes of money to
Kelvin, William and Royston.`

(b) `... I was asked by Ah San to hand an envelope of money to Royston.`

(c) `[Ah San] said that Royston would be waiting for me at M3-KTV Karaoke ...`  
  
With respect to `a` and `b` above, the argument ran that since Tan never
opened the envelope, he did not have personal knowledge of its contents, and
as such, the fact that the envelope contained money could only be proved by
Chua`s statement to Tan that it did, which was clearly hearsay since Chua was
not called to testify. I found that contention to be wholly without merit. I
think it was clear that the fact that the envelope contained money could be
and was indeed proved by evidence other than the portions `a` and `b` in P4 as
set out above. As the district judge rightly pointed out, numerous other
factors contributed to the irresistible inference that the envelope contained
money. Firstly, it was not disputed that Chua was a moneylender and the
appellant a police officer. Second, the surreptitious circumstances
surrounding the passing over of the envelope - at night, in front of a KTV
Lounge in Geylang with no other witnesses present, and through a middleman -
strongly suggested that the envelope contained cash. Finally, and most
importantly, the defence was never advanced along the line that Tan had passed
something else contained in the envelope to the appellant but had always been
a complete denial of the appellant having received anything at all in the
first place! As such, the attempt to impugn the evidence of what was contained
in the envelope clearly did not assist the appellant in his defence at all.
With respect to portion `c` set out above, I had no doubt that the prosecution
was not attempting to prove the truth of what was said by Chua there, but
merely the fact that it was said, thus taking that portion of the statement
out of the realm of inadmissible hearsay. In any case, Tan was fully capable
of testifying as to his own personal encounter with the appellant outside the
lounge subsequently, so it did not matter whether what Chua had said to him
was true.  
  
Moving on to counsel`s other contention that P4 also contained opinion
evidence, the impugned portions read as follows:

(d) `I had felt the envelope and I believed that there were 2 stacks of new
$50 notes inside the envelope.`

(e) `I could not confirm that there were exactly $10,000 inside the envelope
but based on my experience of handling cash before (I was a loan shark
before), I could feel that it was 2 stacks of $50 inside the envelope.`  
  
In my view, the trial judge was here perfectly entitled to draw on his own
common and normal human experience in reaching his own conclusions as to what
was contained inside the envelope given all the other surrounding and
undisputed circumstances. Whether or not the envelope contained money was
clearly not a matter for which special skill or knowledge is required for its
ascertainment. As such, this was not a case in which expert evidence was
required in order for the court to form an opinion. As for the exact amount
contained in the envelope, or the denomination of the notes therein, this was,
as previously explained, no longer relevant once the charge was amended to one
where the gratification was stated simply as being `an unspecified sum of
money`. It was thus unnecessary for the prosecution to prove beyond reasonable
doubt the exact amount of money contained in the envelope and counsel`s
submissions in this regard were plainly misconceived.  
  
**The appellant`s testimony**

Moving on to the appellant`s defence, it will be seen that the testimony given
by the appellant was simply riddled with too many loopholes and ludicrous
explanations to retain any measure of credibility whatsoever. First, it was
clear that the appellant was not a truthful witness. He sought to downplay his
relationship with Chua by first saying that they never had pre-arranged
meetings and that the only times they met were when they happened to bump into
each other at a coffeeshop in Lorong 30, Geylang. Later, however, he
effectively retracted from this position but only when quizzed and prompted by
the DPP specifically on whether he had run into Chua at KTV Lounges on two
separate occasions and, again, at Sakura which, as it turned out, was in fact
a pre-arranged meeting between the two men. The attempt by the appellant to
conceal the true depth of his relationship with Chua thus lent a highly
suspicious complexion to his testimony that he and Chua were merely casual
acquaintances. Next, he admitted to having made a status enquiry into Lim Chin
Boon on behalf of Chua. It was not disputed that neither the appellant nor the
division he was in at that time was concerned in the investigations into Lim`s
matter. Being a person of rank and seniority in the Force, one would have
expected the appellant, an inspector at the time, to know better than to open
himself to the risk of improper conduct by undertaking the enquiry when he
could simply have directed Chua to the Secret Societies Branch to make the
enquiry himself. The fact that the appellant did not bother to ask a single
question of Chua to find out why he wanted the information, or how the latter
was related to Lim showed that he was somehow beholden to the man and had no
hesitation whatsoever in doing his bidding. The deeper than surface
relationship between the men could also be gleaned from the fact that the
appellant had taken the trouble to go down to Sakura immediately to meet him
at his behest to discuss CTC`s troubles with the law. If indeed he and Chua
were but just casual acquaintances, one would expect that any problems
concerning CTC could simply have been discussed over the telephone instead. It
is telling from the appellant`s enthusiasm in rushing to meet Chua at a
location specified by the latter that they could hardly be casual
acquaintances only. A further loophole came from the fact that, while the
appellant clearly admitted to meeting Chua to discuss the legal processes
concerning CTC, he claimed that he only knew that CTC was arrested after he
saw Tan`s statement to that effect in P4 during the course of the trial. I
found this to be strangely puzzling to say the least, since if he did not know
that CTC had been arrested, then exactly what sort of legal processes
concerning him did the appellant and Chua speak about when they met at Sakura
way back in December 1998?  
  
But perhaps the most revealing aspect of the appellant`s testimony was his
absurd explanation of how he came to be in possession of Tan`s blue Sunpage
pager. It will be recalled that he disagreed with Tan`s statement in P4 to the
effect that Tan had loaned him the pager in order that Chua`s pages to him
which had hitherto been made to the appellant`s own existing pager would not
be traced. He claimed instead that Tan had bought the pager for one of his
workers who had suddenly gone missing. As a result, Tan requested the
appellant to keep custody of the pager temporarily while Tan sought to locate
the missing worker. Tan himself did not wish to carry the pager on him as in
the appellant`s own words, he often wore `tight pants or jeans`. Indeed I
found the appellant`s account to be a likely story which was absolutely
incapable of belief. If it was true that Tan had bought the pager for a worker
whom he could not subsequently locate, he could simply have left it at home
till he found his worker rather than carry it around in his `tight pants or
jeans`, especially if he found this uncomfortable as the appellant appeared to
be suggesting by his reply. His explanation that he found it **_prestigious_**
to be carrying two pagers was similarly incredible, the gadget being such a
common and easily obtainable item these days. In any event, it was difficult
to see why that any normal person would require to be contactable through two
pagers plus a handphone, when one pager more than sufficiently serves that
purpose, and in this case especially when the appellant had obviously got
along fine with using just one pager previously. Next, I also saw no reason
why Tan would gratuitously let the appellant use the pager, the subscriptions
for which Tan continued to foot from late 1998 till the time of the trial in
September 2000, if it was not for some other more imperative purpose,
especially when Tan was someone whom the appellant would meet with only when
he was together with Kelvin and William. In my view, the above circumstances,
taken in toto, showed unreservedly that the appellant`s explanation of how he
came to be in possession of the pager was but a pathetic and feeble attempt on
his part to disassociate himself with Chua and Tan. In any case, his version
was not put to Tan in cross-examination and as such, remained but an
uncorroborated bare assertion on his part.  
  
Finally, it was pertinent that the appellant could not proffer any convincing
reason why Tan might wish to frame him in his statements to the CPIB save for
the baseless speculation that Tan was assaulted or threatened by the recording
officers who took those statements. The appellant was clearly not present
during the recording sessions with Tan, and in any event, Tan`s evidence of
being threatened during his interviews was completely demolished by the
contrary testimony of the recording officers which was in my view rightly
believed by the trial judge.  
  
**The prosecution`s failure to call Lim Hock Gee and Chua Tiong Tiong**

With respect to the attack on the prosecution`s failure to call Lim Hock Gee
and Chua, it suffices for me to say but a brief word on this. With regard to
Lim Hock Gee, there was no evidence to show that his evidence, if called,
would have affected the outcome of the case in any way. All that Tan had
stated in P4 was that he saw Lim Hock Gee outside the M3-KTV Lounge on the
night when he passed the envelope of money to the appellant. Nowhere was it
mentioned that Lim Hock Gee even saw, noticed or spoke to Tan, let alone
witnessed the handing over of the envelope. As such, no adverse inference
could be drawn against the prosecution for their failure to call him as a
witness. As for Chua, I accepted the defence`s submission that the mere fact
that a person is medically certified as being unfit to attend court is hardly
a good reason not to put him on the stand since the party wishing to call him
could well have applied for an adjournment or otherwise taken a deposition
from the witness outside of court. Nevertheless, I found that the failure to
call Chua was not fatal to the prosecution`s case as there was ample evidence
in Tan`s CPIB statements to show that he was a runner for Chua, and that the
latter had asked him to pass the envelope of moneys to the appellant. Further,
the appellant himself never denied that he was acquainted with Chua, and even
had drinks with him and his party of friends at KTV lounges before. As such,
it did not appear that Chua`s evidence, had it been called, would have added
anything to the evidence which was already before the court.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

In the light of the foregoing, I found that the appellant had clearly not
succeeded in casting a reasonable doubt on the prosecution`s case. His only
defence was really nothing more than a bare denial of having received the
envelope of moneys. He did not offer any alibi as to his whereabouts on the
evening in question, nor give any other evidence to that end. In the face of
the compelling evidence against him as contained in Tan`s CPIB statements, the
appellant had plainly not discharged his evidential burden of proof. While I
am conscious that in the earlier reported cases involving Chua Tiong Tiong,
such as **Hassan bin Ahmad v PP** [2000] 3 SLR 791  and **Fong Ser Joo William
v PP** [2000] 4 SLR 77 , the fact of the receipt of moneys was admitted to
unreservedly by the respective appellants, thus distinguishing those cases
from the present. I also had no doubt that this fact, though disputed by the
appellant in this case, was nevertheless satisfactorily proven by the
prosecution beyond all reasonable doubt. I thus saw no reason to disturb the
trial judge`s finding of guilt and dismissed the appeal accordingly.  
  
**_Sentence_**

****

The appellant was sentenced to nine months` imprisonment by the district
judge. Although there was no appeal by the DPP on this, I took it upon myself
to review the sentence as I found it to be manifestly inadequate on the facts.
Firstly, the offence in question is one which by its nature is extremely
difficult to detect, especially when the gratification received is in the form
of cash since there is then almost always no or little material or documentary
evidence of the crime. In this case for instance, a large part of the evidence
for the prosecution, save for Tan`s testimony which itself was entirely
discredited, was circumstantial, rendering it extremely difficult to obtain a
conviction. Then there is also the added problem of the givers of the
gratification, who if they have not already escaped or disappeared from the
face of the earth before the law catches up with them, are naturally unwilling
to co-operate with the authorities, making the prosecution`s job even more
difficult. All these factors strongly support the policy that a commensurate
sentence must be meted out in order to deter would-be offenders from accepting
that first bribe, for, human nature being such that a man`s greed can only get
the better of him, it then becomes progressively more difficult for him to
stop accepting moneys in future. Most pertinently, however, is the fact that
the appellant in this case was not merely an ordinary civilian, but an
inspector in the police force who, being a public servant, should be held to
higher standards in the discharge of his duties than the ordinary man in the
street. It is important that the courts dish out a sentence that will deter
similarly-placed individuals from acting in disregard of the fundamental tenet
of their calling, which is to uphold the law with utmost standards of honesty
and integrity. The appellant had here clearly fallen short of those standards,
and I had no doubt that a more severe punishment was warranted to emphasise
the courts` as well as society`s disapproval and abhorrence of his actions,
which not only had the effect of bringing the public service of which he was
an integral part into disrepute, but also gravely injures the impartial
workings of our criminal justice system. To lightly condone the offence in the
present case would no doubt undermine the efficacy of our public service as a
whole, not only diminishing the public`s trust in the country`s law-
enforcement agencies but also setting back the government`s efforts at
establishing Singapore in the international community as a safe and
corruption-free city state. Finally, I would add the point that police
officers like the appellant, by virtue of their office alone are extremely
susceptible to becoming recipients of monetary inducements in return for the
disclosure or suppression of relevant information and evidence relating to
criminals and their offences leading to serious repercussions which surely do
not bear repeating here.  
  
Having regard to the above circumstances, I had no doubt that the sentence of
nine months` imprisonment was manifestly inadequate for someone of the
appellant`s standing. I thus enhanced the sentence to 18 months` imprisonment
instead.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Apr 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

