Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ho Kon Kim v Betsy Lim Gek Kim and Others  
[2001] SGHC 75

Case Number | : | Suit 165/2000/Q  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 April 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  James Ponniah with Leong Sue Lynn (Wong & Lim) for the plaintiff; M Dass (M Dass & Co) for the first defendant; Tan Kok Quan SC with Chia Boon Teck (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the second defendants; Leslie Chew SC with Lionel Tay & Esther Ling (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the third defendants; Chelva Rajah SC with Chew Kei-Jin (Tan, Rajah & Cheah) for James Ponniah and Wong Ann Pang   
Parties | : |  Ho Kon Kim â€” Betsy Lim Gek Kim; William Lai & Alan Wong; RHB Bank Berhad   
  
**JUDGMENT:**

**Grounds of Judgment**

1\. At the conclusion of the trial, I dismissed the plaintiff's claim against
all three (3) defendants. Subsequently, at a hearing pursuant to 0 59 r 8(2)
of the Rules of Court, I ordered that the costs payable by the plaintiff to
the second and third defendants were to be borne by the plaintiff's solicitors
James Ponniah and Wong Ann Pang personally but, the costs of the first
defendant would be borne by the plaintiff herself. The plaintiff as well as
the aforesaid solicitors have now appealed against my decision (in Civil
Appeals Nos. 164 and 167 of 2000 respectively).

_

The facts

_

2\. The plaintiff was at the material time, the owner of a piece of land with
a house standing thereon, situated at No. 124, Branksome Road (the property)
with an area of 15,173 sq ft. She was widowed in June 1989 and has amongst her
six (6) children, sons Robert and Leslie and a daughter, Jeanette. She had
been residing at the property since it was purchased by her late husband Foo
Chee Guan in 1947.

3\. In 1992, at Robert's request, the plaintiff mortgaged the property to
Keppel Finance Limited (Keppel) to obtain credit facilities for him/his
businesses. In 1996, Robert informed her that he had defaulted in servicing
the interest on the facilities; as such Keppel intended to recall the loan
they had extended to him. The plaintiff consulted her lawyer Victor Wong Ann
Pang (WAP) who informed her that if Keppel foreclosed on the property as
mortgagees, the price that could be realised may be less than if the property
was sold in the open market. Consequently, the plaintiff was advised to sell
the property before Keppel took any action.

4\. In April/May 1996, Jeanette brought Betsy Lim (the first defendant) to see
the plaintiff, together with Wee Woon Chuan Joseph (Wee) the first defendant's
husband. At that time, both the first defendant and Wee were directors of a
property company known as Derby Development Pte Ltd (Derby). The plaintiff was
informed that Derby was interested in developing the property jointly with the
plaintiff.

5\. At a preliminary meeting held on 25 May 1996, the plaintiff asked for $6m
for the property in addition to one (1) of the three (3) bungalows that Derby
proposed to erect thereon after the existing house had been demolished. The
plaintiff was told it would cost about $2m to erect three (3) bungalows of
reasonably good finish. Subsequently, the first defendant counter-offered
$4.2m for the property and added that the plaintiff had to mortgage the
property for the parties' joint development. The plaintiff decided she did not
want to participate in redeveloping the property. In July 1996, Derby offered
to buy of the property from the plaintiff for $4.2m in addition to which, the
company would construct a bungalow on the remaining for her costing at least
$700,000; the plaintiff accepted the offer.

6\. On or about 15 July 1996, the plaintiff instructed WAP to prepare the
option for her in favour of Derby. She further instructed him to ascertain
from Keppel the redemption sum as she intended to redeem the property on 1
November 1996. On 17 July 1996, the first defendant paid to the plaintiff who
duly receipted, the sum of $88,000 as deposit. On 25 July 1996, the plaintiff
gave written authorisation to Derby to apply for redevelopment of the
property.

7\. On 4 September 1996, the plaintiff was informed by the first defendant/Wee
that Derby could not obtain financing for purchase and redevelopment of of the
property. However, she was also told that the first defendant had been offered
a loan by Overseas Chinese Banking Corporation (OCBC) to finance the purchase
as well as to complete the redevelopment. The plaintiff was informed that the
terms of OCBC's construction loan of $2,200,000 (the construction loan)
ensured that the monies were utilised solely for the erection of three
bungalows on the property. Consequently, the first defendant proposed that she
replace Derby as the purchaser. The plaintiff, after consulting WAP, accepted
the first defendant's proposal. WAP made the necessary amendments to
substitute the first defendant for Derby in the draft option. OCBC as well as
the first defendant, were represented by William Lai & Alan Wong (the second
defendants) and in particular by Jennifer Leong (JL).

8\. Later, when she discussed the draft option with WAP, the plaintiff was
told that JL/the second defendants would not agree to the inclusion of a
clause in the draft option allowing the plaintiff to lodge a caveat which
would take precedence over the mortgage of OCBC. WAP informed the plaintiff
that he would suggest a revised clause to the second defendants to replace the
unacceptable clause but warned her that if she insisted on the inclusion of a
caveat clause, the financing from OCBC may not go through. As the plaintiff
did not want to jeopardise the sale or delay the completion beyond November
1996, she agreed to compromise. Hence, the option dated 24 September 1996 (the
Option) contained as a Special Condition the following clause which was what
was ultimately acceptable to OCBC/the second defendants:

> 19\. The purchaser shall obtain consent from the paramount mortgagee to
> allow the Vendor to lodge a caveat over the Vendor's Unit as soon as the
> private lot is allotted.

Clause 18 of the Option had defined 'the Vendor's Unit' as any one (1) of the
three (3) units of bungalows which the first defendant would erect on the
property (approved by the relevant authority) chosen by the plaintiff, which
land area should not exceed 5,030 sq ft and in any event not exceeding 5% of
the land area of the other two (2) units.

9\. Contrary to the agreement reached between the plaintiff and the first
defendant/Wee and contrary to the plaintiff's instructions to him (see N/E
25), WAP did not draft the terms of the Option to reflect a sale by the
plaintiff of _only_ of the property. Instead, the heading of the Option (see
1AB101) referred to _No. 124 Branksome Road, Singapore 439640_ and in the body
of the Option, the plaintiff offered to sell to the first defendant _the above
mentioned property upon the terms set out below_. Neither was there any clause
in the Special Conditions to restrict the sale by the plaintiff to of the
property. Similarly, in the statutory declaration (see 1AB112) made by the
plaintiff on 16 October 1996 (required of transferors for every sale or
disposal of immovable property after 15 May 1996), there was no mention that
she was only transferring of the property to the first defendant.

10\. The first defendant exercised the Option on 14 October 1996 (well before
the expiry date of 31 October 1996) by paying to the plaintiff's solicitors
the sum of $332,000 (being the balance 10% of the purchase price [$4.2m] less
the deposit paid of $88,000). On 15 November 1996, the first defendant
completed her purchase by paying the balance of $3,773,050.16 of the purchase
price in exchange for an executed Transfer from the plaintiff together with a
discharge of the mortgage of Keppel. The property was mortgaged to OCBC by the
first defendant in turn. In the Transfer, under the column _Property Address_
it was stated:

> (a) the whole.
>
> (b) No. 124, Branksome Road, Singapore 439640.

In item (F) of the Transfer headed **CONSIDERATION** (see 1AB140) it was
stated:-

> Transferor ACKNOWLEDGES RECEIPT of Singapore dollars four million and two
> hundred thousand only ($4,200,000) cash consideration _and one (1) detached
> house_ to be constructed by the Transferee for the Transferor (emphasis
> added).

while in the column (D) headed PRIOR ENCUMBRANCES, the word NIL appeared. In
cross-examination (N/E47), the plaintiff said she understood the word Nil to
mean no obstructions/no other interests on the property.

11\. On or about 1 July 1997, the plaintiff received a copy of the grant of
written permission dated 19 June 1997 issued by the Urban Redevelopment
Authority (URA) to Derby for _the proposed erection of 3 units of 2-storey
detached dwelling houses each with a basement_. Noting that Derby and not the
first defendant was named by URA as the developer, the plaintiff through WAP
raised her objections to the first defendant as which result the latter agreed
to apply to the relevant authorities to be named as the developer in place of
Derby.

12\. On 17 July 1997, the plaintiff vacated the property as requested by the
first defendant; WAP duly informed the second defendants of the fact and
requested the latter for OCBC's permission to lodge a caveat on the plot (plot
no. 3) the plaintiff had previously selected.

13\. Pursuant to a demolition permit dated 20 August 1997, the existing house
on the property was demolished in October 1997 and piling/construction works
started in the following month, after the issuance of the permit to carry out
building works by the Public Works Department on 13 October 1997. Under cl 20
of the Option, the first defendant had to deliver to the plaintiff plot no. 3
with a bungalow within 16 months from obtaining written permission to commence
works. Notice of grant of written permission was given on 1 October 1997 (see
1AB223) by the Chief Planner of the URA. Hence, the deadline to the first
defendant to deliver the plaintiffs bungalow would be 31 January 1999 and not
December 1998 as pleaded in the statement of claim.

14\. In July and August 1997, at the plaintiff's request, her solicitors wrote
to the second defendants for OCBC's consent (and for a site plan) to lodge her
caveat; however no consent was forthcoming from OCBC. Hence, on 11 June 1998,
on the plaintiff's instructions, WAP lodged a caveat CV/42087G (the caveat) on
the property without any site plan. It was then the plaintiff discovered, from
a title search conducted by her solicitors, that on 9 May 1997, the mortgage
of OCBC had been discharged and, the property had been re-mortgaged to Sime
Bank Berhad (which subsequently changed its name to RHB Bank Berhad [the third
defendants]). The plaintiff confronted the first defendant/Wee. The first
defendant confirmed the third defendants' mortgage and told the plaintiff she
needed additional funds to complete the construction of the three (3)
bungalows; this she managed to secure from the third defendants. The first
defendant assured the plaintiff that notwithstanding the re-mortgage of the
property to the third defendants, she would transfer to the plaintiff plot no.
3 with a bungalow as agreed.

15\. In September 1998, when the plaintiff visited the property, she found it
deserted. Her son Leslie visited the first defendant's residence at No. 57,
Namly Gardens but found it padlocked and apparently vacant. When finally
contacted, Wee informed Leslie that he was arranging for additional financing
to enable the first defendant to finish the construction on the property.
Despite Wee's promises however, construction work did not re-commence on the
property.

16\. The plaintiff then visited the third defendants' head office; she was
referred to the bank's Geylang branch which had disbursed the loan to the
first defendant. There, on or about 7 January 1999, she was told (by the
deputy branch manager) that the branch did not know the first defendant's
whereabouts. However, the third defendants were aware of the plaintiff'
interest in the property. The plaintiff was further informed that:

> a. the third defendants had extended facilities up to a limit of $6m (the
> loan) to a company called Earling Builders Pte Ltd (Earling) secured by a
> mortgage on the property; the facility was not for the purpose of
> construction and development of the property;
>
> b. part of the loan ($3,881,000) was used to discharge the mortgage of OCBC;
>
> c. Earling owed the third defendants in excess of $5m as at 9 May 1997;
>
> d. the terms of the loan did not provide for the plaintiff to lodge a caveat
> on the bungalow she had selected nor on plot no. 3.

17\. Subsequently, the plaintiff ascertained through her solicitors that
Earling was incorporated on 3 May 1997 with the first defendant and Wee as two
(2) of the three (3) directors; it had a paid-up capital of $3.00 and three
(3) shareholders (holding one [1] share each) namely the first defendant, Wee
and one Lim Ah Bah. The second defendants (again through JL) acted for the
third defendants in the loan documentation which included, a Regulating
Agreement and joint and several guarantees from the three (3) shareholders for
all monies owing by Earling.

18\. On 5 March 1999 (unbeknownst to the plaintiff), in Companies Winding up
No. 45 of 1999, Supermix Concrete Pte Ltd (Supermix) had obtained a winding-up
order against Earling. This was pursuant to a (default) judgment in the sum of
$102,122.96 obtained on 11 July 1998 in DC Suit No. 50607 of 1998 (against
both the first defendant and Earling) by Supermix. Subsequently, again on a
petition presented by Supermix, the first defendant was adjudicated a bankrupt
on 23 April 1999 in Bankruptcy no. 406 of 1999 (the bankruptcy proceedings).

19\. On 30 April 1999, the plaintiff lodged a police report (see 1AB303)
seeking assistance to locate the whereabouts of the first defendant. This was
followed by her complaint on 3 June 1999 (see 1AB229-232) to the Monetary
Authority of Singapore (MAS), requesting an investigation into the conduct of
the first and third defendants as well as Wee. MAS extended a copy of the
complaint to the third defendants with a request that the latter correspond
direct with the plaintiff. The third defendants replied to the plaintiff (with
a copy to MAS) on 15 July 1999 (see 3AB165) to say that the loan they had
extended to the first defendant was _not_ for the purpose of construction and
development of the property. The third defendants denied any wrongdoing
pointing out (inter alia) that they were not party to any prior agreement made
between the plaintiff and the first defendant, there was nothing suspicious to
put them on notice and, the loan had been approved in accordance with their
own guidelines as well as those, of MAS.

20\. The plaintiff's solicitors wrote to the second defendants at length (8
pages) on 10 July 1999 setting out their version of the transaction and
contending (amongst a host of allegations), that the first defendant had acted
in fraudulent breach of trust when she discharged the OCBC mortgage and re-
mortgaged the property to the third defendants, alternatively, that the first
defendant jeopardised the plaintiff's interests by using the property as
security for unspecified facilities for a company (Earling) which only had
$3.00 as its paid-up capital. The plaintiff's solicitors further asserted that
JL knew that the first defendant actually purchased only of the property and
that thereof was held on trust for the plaintiff.

21\. The plaintiff's solicitors wrote to all three (3) defendants on 16 August
1999 alleging as against the first defendant, that she had committed
fraudulent/dishonest breach of trust and, as against the second and third
defendants, that they were constructive trustees accountable to the plaintiff
for damages and her losses which were:

> (i) one lot of land of 5,030 sq. ft worth $2.1m;
>
> (ii) loss of a bungalow worth $733,333.33 and
>
> (iii) liquidated damages of $15,000 a month (effective from December 1998)
> by reason of the first defendant's failure to deliver and transfer the
> lot/bungalow within the time stipulated under cl 20 of the Option.

22\. The reply from the first defendant (dated 23 August 1999) was to inform
the plaintiff's solicitors of the bankruptcy proceedings and to request them
to liaise with the Official Assignee (which the plaintiff's solicitors did on
30 August 1999). The third defendants' solicitors merely said they had
instructions to accept service for their clients.

23\. The second defendants' response however was sharp and to the point -- in
their letter dated 23 August 1999 (see 1AB258) which they copied to the other
two (2) defendants, they not only contended that the plaintiff had no cause of
action against them, but also disputed that they were her constructive
trustees; the letter added:

> .Sime Bank acknowledges that one unit (your client's) will be discharged
> free of payment on condition that the said unit is transferred to your
> client being the previous land owner or as she may direct in accordance with
> the agreement between your client and Madam Betsy Lim. We do not see any
> damage suffered by your client as a result of the refinance.
>
> Your client's damage, if any, results from your:
>

>> (i) failure to lodge a caveat on your client's behalf until 11 June 1998
which ought to have been filed just after completion i.e. 15th November 1996;

>>

>> (ii) failure to insert a clause prohibiting re-finance or further borrowing
or change in mortgagees by Madam Betsy Lim in the agreement between your
client and Madam Betsy Lim. The refinance is not a breach of agreement between
your client and Madam Betsy Lim.

24\. Further correspondence between the plaintiff's solicitors, the second
defendants and the third defendants' solicitors until April 2000 came to
nought as each party maintained its respective stand. In reply to the inquiry
raised in the Official Assignee's letter dated 3 May 2000, the plaintiff's
solicitors advised that they had obtained an Order of Court dated 1 October
1999 (in the bankruptcy proceedings) granting the plaintiff leave to institute
proceedings against the first defendant, pursuant to s 76(1)(c)(ii) of the
Bankruptcy Act Cap 20.

_

The pleadings

_

25\. In her lengthy statement of claim, the plaintiff alleged inter alia, that
the three (3) defendants knew or ought to have known that without her consent
or knowledge, the first defendant would be acting in breach of trust and or
placing the plaintiff's interests in the 5,030 sq.ft. of land at risk by
discharging the OCBC mortgage, cancelling the construction loan and re-
mortgaging the property as security for the third defendants' loan. She
further alleged that in breach of the terms of the Option, the first defendant
had failed to deliver the plaintiff's plot no. 3 and bungalow within the
period agreed or at all. The plaintiff averred that when Earling became
indebted to the third defendants in excess of $5m on 9 May 1997, the first
defendant had fraudulently and or dishonestly committed breach of trust and
fiduciary duty.

26\. As against the second and third defendants, the plaintiff alleged that
they were accountable to her as constructive trustees. Accordingly, the
plaintiff prayed for a declaration that all three defendants as constructive
trustees are accountable to her (and that they pay) for her loss and damages
which repeated what has been set out in para 21 above. The plaintiff also
prayed for a declaratory order that her beneficial interest over the said
5,030 sq.ft of land has priority over any interests of the first and or third
defendants.

27\. In her defence, the first defendant averred she had extended to the
plaintiff, a copy of the plan prepared by the architects, submitted to and
approved by the relevant authorities (indicating the three (3) plots for the
bungalows) based upon which the plaintiff had chosen plot no. 3. Consequently,
the plaintiff could have filed a caveat upon receipt of the plan so as to
protect her interest in the property. Notwithstanding that the first defendant
did not provide a site plan, the fact that the plaintiff was able to file the
caveat proved that a site plan was not needed. As the plaintiff and or her
legal advisors could have but failed to, file the caveat earlier than 11 June
1998, the first defendant contended that the plaintiff was herself negligent.

28\. The first defendant also pleaded that the completion of the bungalows was
affected by the regional economic crisis which caused Earling (which carried
out the development) to run into difficulties and ultimately to go into
liquidation. Consequently, the failure to complete was beyond her control.

29\. The first defendant denied that any form of trust, implied or otherwise,
was created in favour of the plaintiff and that she held any or any undivided
share of the said property on trust for the plaintiff. The first defendant
averred she owed no duty to the plaintiff to notify the plaintiff/obtain the
plaintiffs consent to, the discharge of the mortgage of OCBC or the re-
mortgage of the property to the third defendants; there was no clause in the
Option which prohibited the first defendant from re-mortgaging the property to
the third defendants in particular or, generally to any other financial
institution. The first defendant put the plaintiff to strict proof she had
acted in any breach of trust by herself or in collusion with either the second
or the third defendants.

30\. The first defendant contended that cl 19 of the Option would only operate
as and when a private lot number is allotted. As no such allotment was made,
the first defendant's obligation to obtain the consent of the paramount
mortgagee for the lodgement of the plaintiff's caveat did not arise. This fact
was known to the third defendants as, by their letter dated 7 May 1997 (see
1AB193) to the second defendants, the third defendants had agreed to the
discharge of one (1) unit free of payment on condition that the same was
transferred to the plaintiff or, as the first defendant may direct, in
accordance with the agreement between the first defendant and the plaintiff.
Consequently, the first defendant had preserved the plaintiff's rights.

31\. The first defendant further pleaded that in or around September 1997, she
had procured a purchaser (Tancho Properties) for one of the other 2 units of
bungalows at a price of $3.6m but the plaintiff would not give her consent to
the sale, pursuant to cl 22 of the Option. The first defendant therefore
withdrew the offer to the prospective purchaser and thereby lost the
opportunity to secure the necessary funding for completion of the construction
of the bungalows.

32\. As for the third defendants, they denied any knowledge of the plaintiff's
alleged interest in the property as it was not registered in the land register
as at 9 May 1997. The third defendants referred to cl 6(2) of the Regulating
Agreement which stipulated that the third defendants would grant a partial
discharge of their mortgage (on plot no. 3) once 85% of the sale price of one
(1) unit was paid to the third defendants, provided plot no.3 was transferred
to the plaintiff. As no monies were paid to the third defendants pursuant to
cl 6(2) of the Regulating Agreement and one (1) unit of the bungalows was not
even completed, plot no. 3 was not transferred to the plaintiff nor were the
third defendants obliged to grant a partial discharge of mortgage thereon. The
third defendants asserted that the terms of their mortgage, the Regulating
Agreement and or loan agreement were not made subject to any rights which the
plaintiff might be entitled to, under the Option. Neither did the terms of the
Option prohibit the first defendant from subsequently granting security over
the property (including a mortgage) to any creditor nor, that any security
granted subsequently would be subject to any interests which the plaintiff may
have arising from the Option.

33\. The third defendants denied they had acted dishonestly or with knowing
assistance or with any knowledge as alleged, or at all. They further denied
they were/are constructive trustees as alleged or that they are accountable to
the plaintiffs as constructive trustees.

34\. Although Replies were filed by the plaintiff to the defences of all three
(3) defendants, I do not propose to review them as essentially those pleadings
reiterated the plaintiffs position in her statement of claim.

35\. I should point out that on 10 November 2000, after the plaintiff had
closed her case and when Wee was being cross-examined by counsel (Mr Ponniah)
for the plaintiff, her counsel applied to further amend the statement of claim
to inter alia, include references to the third defendants Regulating
Agreement. I overruled the strenuous objections of all three (3) counsel for
the defendants and allowed some (only) of the amendments proposed, on terms of
costs to the defendants (in any event) and granted the defendants leave to
make consequential amendments to their pleadings.

_

The evidence

(i) the plaintiffs case

_

36\. I proceed next to review the evidence adduced at the trial starting with
the testimony of the plaintiff and that of her witnesses (2). In paras 2 to 18
above, I have more or less set out the plaintiffs version of the facts which
was largely undisputed by the other two (2) defendants; I turn my attention
therefore to her cross-examination.

37\. Questioned by counsel for the first defendants, the plaintiff agreed she
had been extended a copy of the terms of the construction loan and had
discussed it with WAP. Although she was not aware of OCBCs second letter of
offer, she knew that the bank wanted to cap the area of land for her unit and,
that it resulted from the exchange of correspondence between her solicitors
and the second defendants in finalising the terms of the Option.

38\. Cross-examined by counsel for the second defendants, the plaintiff
insisted that the mortgagee of the property must be OCBC notwithstanding that
the words in cl 19 of the Option contained the words _paramount mortgagee_
replacing _OCBC_ in the initial draft prepared by WAP

39\. Further cross-examination revealed that the plaintiff had lent the first
defendant $700,000 as evidenced in a personal loan agreement dated 24 November
1996 (see 1AB462) prepared by WAP. The plaintiff explained that she lent the
sum at the first defendants request because the latter/Wee needed some cash
(N/E 37) but she did not ask them why. Under the terms of the option [see cl
7(a)and (b)] the first defendant was obliged to pay $3.08m by the completion
date (15 November 1996) or within one (1) month from the date of in-principle
approval whichever is applicable; another $700,000 was payable within one (1)
week of the issue of written permission to commence construction which, being
only granted on 19 June 1997 meant that it was not due until 26 June 1997. The
plaintiff however requested the first defendant to pay this second instalment
together with the completion sum; the latter obliged. The plaintiff then lent
the $700,000 to the first defendant nine (9) days later.

40\. The plaintiff admitted receiving a copy of the third defendants letter
dated 7 May 1997 to the second defendants (1AB193) which contained the
following paragraphs:-

> (a) A partial discharge of the mortgage will be given for one unit upon full
> settlement of the term loan;
>
> (b) One unit will be discharged free of payment on condition that the said
> unit is transferred to the previous land owner or as he may direct in
> accordance with the agreement between the mortgagor and the previous land
> owner;
>
> (c) The third unit will remain mortgaged to the Bank to secure the overdraft
> facility. The mortgagor is to seek the banks consent on the selling price
> prior to selling the unit.
>
> As such, the partial discharge upon receipt of 85% of the purchase price
> stated in clause 4 of the letter of offer is on condition that the debt to
> the Bank is fully settled.

41\. Cross-examined, the plaintiffs son Leslie (PW2) also agreed that when Wee
handed him a copy of OCBCs letter of offer dated 4 September 1996, he noted
that it contained under the heading _Security_ (see 1AB38) this condition:-

> The facilities shall be secured against first legal mortgage of $6,100,000
> of a piece of land at 124 Branksome Road and proposed 3 units of 2 storey
> bungalow to be erected thereon.
>
> (MK 25 lot 117-31)  
>  Tenure: freehold  
>  Land area: 15,172 sf

Leslie was unaware that the plaintiff had lodged a caveat after the property
had been sold/transferred to the first defendant nor of the change of
mortgagees from OCBC to the third defendants, until after the events.

42\. The plaintiffs last witness was her lawyer WAP (PW3); I take judicial
notice of the fact that he is a senior practitioner (called to the Singapore
Bar in September 1978) and a conveyancer. Notwithstanding the pivotal role he
played (indeed it can be said that the Option he prepared was the genesis of
these proceedings), WAPs written testimony was brief to the extreme. His
affidavit of evidence consisted of three (3) short paragraphs in one (1) of
which he merely confirmed that the matters deposed to in the plaintiffs
affidavit were true in respect of her instructions to his firm (which included
preparing the Option) and in respect of his firms conduct on those
instructions, including the correspondence with the various parties referred
to. However, the brief affidavit was good enough to waive solicitor and client
privilege (without qualification I would add, contrary to Mr Ponniahs
assertion that such waiver excluded WAPs attendance notes) as it has to be
read in conjunction with para 28 of the plaintiffs affidavit evidence-in-chief
which stated:-

> From the inception, M/s Wong & Lim on my instructions and as my solicitors
> corresponded with Keppel and their solicitors, Derby, the second defendants
> as solicitors for Betsy [the first defendant] and OCBC and M/s Khattar Wong
> & Partners as solicitors for the third defendants. _I waive the solicitor
> and client privilege_ that I am entitled to in relation to my instructions
> to M/s Wong & Lim pertaining to the correspondence relating to the above
> matters.(emphasis mine).

43\. Questioned by counsel (Mr Tan) for the second defendants, WAP admitted
the plaintiff had indeed instructed him to sell only of the property; he
contended that he did comply with her instructions notwithstanding that the
Option did not say so (when questioned by the court [N/E161]). He said it was
implied from the fact that in addition to the cash consideration of $4.2m, the
plaintiff would receive one (1) bungalow with a land area of 5,030 sq. ft,
which approximated of the total area of the property. He had not objected when
OCBCs (original) letter of offer was shown to him stating that the security
for the same would be a mortgage over the entire property. As his initial
draft giving the plaintiff liberty to lodge a caveat over the land before the
bank's mortgage was registered was not acceptable, WAP agreed with JL/the
second defendants that legal title to the whole property would be transferred
to the first defendant and upon construction of the bungalows, one (1) unit
would be re-transferred to the plaintiff. Asked why he had not stated
expressly in the Option that of the land would be returned to the plaintiff,
WAP said it was _not necessary_ (N/E82). Neither did he think it necessary to
draw up a supplemental agreement to protect the plaintiff interests in
retaining of the property. As Keppel was breathing down his clients neck, he
said there was no time to subdivide the land so as to enable the plaintiff to
sell only thereof. Hence, he took a calculated risk by having her sell the
entire property on the implied condition that thereof would be returned to her
with a bungalow. WAP admitted quite candidly (N/E92) that it did not occur to
him to try and protect the plaintiffs interests by selling the property to the
first defendant by way of a tenancy-in-common in unequal ( ) shares; however
he speculated that the sale might not have gone through using that method.

44\. Despite the clear wording in the Consideration column (spelt out earlier
in para 10) in the Transfer instrument, WAP insisted that the detached house
stated therein _did not_ form part of the Consideration even though he
repeated the exact same wording for the G _rounds of Claim_ , in the caveat he
eventually lodged on 11 June 1998. However, he did agree that there was no
prohibition in the Option against the first defendant changing mortgagees.

45\. Although the significance of the change could not/should not have been
lost on him, WAP surprisingly did not ascertain from JL/the second defendants
why the word _OCBC_ had been deleted and replaced by the words _paramount
mortgagee_ in cl 19 of the Option (see para 8 supra). He was equally candid in
his admission (N/E98) that he could have made provision in the Option for a
caveat to be filed _after_ , not _before_ , OCBCs mortgage but he did not. He
opined that had he done so, it might have jeopardised the sale of the other
two (2) bungalows. However, he acknowledged that had he done so, it would have
ensured that the plaintiff was alerted should the first defendant change
mortgagees. Neither did it occur to WAP to provide a vendors lien to the
plaintiff in the Option. WAP agreed with counsel that as the Option did not
contain a prohibition against changing the nature of the loan, it could not be
said that JL had participated in any dishonest transaction when the first
defendant discharged OCBCs mortgage and re-mortgaged the property on different
terms to the third defendants. He further agreed that his firm may have acted
in a conflict situation (NE104) after it received the letter dated 23 August
1999 in 1AB258 (see para 23 supra) from the second defendants alleging that
his firm (Wong & Lim) had been negligent. He said by then he had passed the
plaintiffs file to his litigation partner (Mr Ponniah) and he was not aware of
the second defendants letter nor of what transpired subsequently.

46\. Pursuant to my direction to the plaintiffs solicitors (to give additional
discovery to the defendants solicitors of documents with Wong & Lim), further
documents were produced from the plaintiffs conveyancing file. Included
therein was a letter dated 3 July 1996 (see 5AB47) from Derby to the
plaintiffs solicitors forwarding a topographical survey drawing as well as the
architects drawing on site calculation (see 5AB48). WAP however disagreed that
the latter drawing was the site plan needed for lodging a caveat he understood
from his conveyancing clerk it was not the plan required (N/E117). Hence, he
made no attempt to lodge a caveat _after_ 3 July 1996 but _before_ 11 June
1998, based on either drawing Derby had sent to him.

47\. Another document extracted from the plaintiffs file was a copy to the
plaintiff of a letter dated 16 October 1997 written by the first defendants
architects (Atelier Group Architects) to the Building Control Division of the
Public Works Department applying for BP (building plan) approval. Amongst the
documents forwarded with that letter was a site plan (item 2). WAP agreed he
received the letter (via fax on 28 October 1997) from Leslie but, he could not
recall what he did upon receipt thereof nor why he did not have a copy of the
site plan, which would have enabled him to lodge a caveat.

48\. Yet a third document extracted from the plaintiffs file was a draft
caveat (without plan attached) dated 18 December 1996 which WAP (or some other
solicitor in his firm) presumably prepared. In substance, it was no different
from the caveat which the plaintiff lodged on 11 June 1998. WAP agreed there
was nothing to prevent him from lodging that caveat as drafted; he maintained
however that he wanted to adhere to the terms of the Option and not lodge a
caveat over the entire property but, only over plot no.3.

49\. Another significant piece of evidence which emerged from WAPs cross-
examination was his statement (N/E 169-170) that the reason the third
defendants gave a loan to the first defendant was because there was no caveat
on record as at 9 May 1997. Had the plaintiffs caveat been filed by then, the
third defendants would have requested for its removal and thereby alerted the
plaintiff to the third defendants loan.

50\. The following admissions were also extracted from WAP under cross-
examination by counsel for the second and third defendants (N/E 185-189):-

> a. JL/the second defendants conduct in acting for the first and third
> defendants as well as for OCBC did not cause the plaintiffs interests to be
> put at risk; neither did JL act dishonestly or knowingly assist the first
> defendant in any breach of trust;
>
> b. had the sale by the plaintiff to the first defendant been by way of a
> tenancy-in-common in unequal shares (with the plaintiff holding ) the
> plaintiff would have been informed of each and every step the first
> defendant took;
>
> c. if the Option had provided for no change in mortgagees or no re-financing
> or, that no re-mortgage could be by way of surety or, that re-financing
> would be for construction purposes only, the plaintiff would also have been
> protected;
>
> d. if the Option had stipulated a timeframe wherein consent from the
> paramount mortgagee must be given for filing of the plaintiffs caveat, the
> plaintiffs interests would again have been protected;
>
> e. if indeed a caveat had been filed over of the land (before 11 June 1998
> but after OCBCs mortgage) OCBC could not have challenged it;
>
> f. the third defendants did not breach any trust, nor dishonestly assist any
> breach of trust nor, dishonestly receive trust property in breach of any
> trust.

_

(ii) the first defendants case

_

51\. Wee (1DW2) was the first defendants principal witness. In her short
testimony, the first defendant (1DW1) made it clear she left everything to
Wee. Essentially, the first defendant was Wees nominee, for reasons best known
to him. Under cross-examination, Wee contended it was the plaintiff who asked
for completion earlier than the contractual date of 15 November 1996 she
wanted to redeem Keppels mortgage by 1 November 1996, it was not because he or
the first defendant wanted to get their hands on the OCBC loan sooner.
Eventually, the completion date did not change but the plaintiff asked for the
second instalment payment ($700,000) which was not yet due; when the first
defendant obliged, the amount was lent back to the first defendant. Wee said
it was purely a commercial decision why he decided to change mortgagees from
OCBC to the third defendants (the interest rate was lower by 0.25%); he
intended to use the loan from the third defendants to finance the construction
of the three (3) bungalows on the property as well as construction at another
site (Telok Kurau). It was not done for any other ulterior motives. In
addition to the loan from the third defendants, his company (meaning Derby)
had progress payments coming in for projects of which it was the main
contractor. Further, if the remaining two (2) bungalows on the property could
be sold, he/his company would have no cash flow problems. H was looking to
sell the two (2) units at $3.8m each and if the sale price was more, he would
split the profit with the plaintiff. He confirmed that the plaintiff turned
down the offer of $3.6m from Tancho Properties (in September 1997) for one (1)
of the two (2) remaining units. In fact, the second defendants/JL had prepared
and forwarded to Tancho Properties on 3 September 1997 a draft sale and
purchase agreement (see 1AB466-481). Apparently, the plaintiffs rejection was
due to Leslies influence; Leslie claimed that the market price for bungalows
in that area was around $4-$5m. Had the sale to Tancho Properties
materialised, Wee said he would have used the proceeds to pay off the $3m then
owing to the third defendants. Having lost this sale of $3.6m, it became
increasingly difficult to source for buyers as the property market was on a
down-turn thereafter.

_

(iii) the second defendants case

_

52\. It would come as no surprise that JL (2DW1) was the second defendants
principal and indeed only, witness. She left the firm on 31 March 2000 (where
she was a partner) and now practises on her own. In acting for the first
defendant, JL took her instructions from Wee, who first briefed/appointed her
on 16 July 1996 while OCBC appointed her to act in the mortgage documentation
by letter dated 8 October 1996.

53\. When he commenced his cross-examination of her, counsel for the
plaintiffs accepted (N/E 252) that JL owed no duty to the plaintiff. Despite
that concession however, counsel then sought to extract from JL an admission
that she knew as a fact that the OCBC mortgage afforded protection to his
client unlike the third defendants mortgage. JLs response quite naturally was,
that she saw no reason why she should have thought of the plaintiffs interests
at all (then or even now) as, the plaintiff was not her client. She owed a
duty to the first defendant as the purchaser and to OCBC as the first
defendants mortgagees; she had negotiated the terms of the Option on the
instructions of the first defendant just as she took the third defendants
instructions for the re-mortgage.

54\. Re-examined by counsel for the second defendants (N/E 264), JL opined
that a private lot means a lot which is approved by the Chief Surveyor,
usually when TOP (Temporary Occupation Permit) is being applied for. This is
to be contrasted with the plaintiffs view (shared by her son Leslie), that
there was no necessity to wait for the bungalows to be constructed before a
survey can be done and a private lot number allocated to her unit. The
plaintiff said it could be done as soon as the land was subdivided. WAPs view
also differed from JLs he had said that private lot numbers are allotted to
land (which is to be subdivided eventually) when planning approval is given.

55\. Despite pleading _in extenso_ on the issue in the (re-amended) statement
of claim (see para 29 thereof), it is noteworthy that in his cross-examination
of JL, counsel for the plaintiff did not at all touch on her allegations that
JL had dishonestly and knowingly assisted or was an accessory to, the first
defendant in the latters breach of trust against the plaintiff.

(_iv) the third defendants case_

56\. The third defendants had three (3) witnesses namely, the former and
present deputy managers of their Geylang branch Liew Chia Wan (Liew) and Koh
Ching Ching (Koh) respectively, as well as their legal manager Fadlun binte Hj
Abdul Kader (Fadlun). Liew (3DW1) merely confirmed that the plaintiff called
at his branch in November 1998 and what she told him and vice versa. As for
Koh (3DW2), questioned (by counsel for the plaintiff) why the bank would take
upon itself the responsibility to ensure that one (1) bungalow would be
returned to the plaintiff, his response was (N/E 270) that the third
defendants were not obliged to but, since they were informed by the first
defendant, the bank was willing to give effect to the arrangement she had made
with the previous owner, subject to the third defendants rights under the
Regulating Agreement; it was not because there was a trust relationship
between the first defendant and the plaintiff. He also explained that the
third defendants did not earmark any part of their loan for construction of
the three (3) bungalows because he understood from Earlings directors that
they had their own resources to do so. Kohs testimony on the trust issue was
reiterated by Fadlun (3DW3). She referred to cl 6(2)(a) of the Regulating
Agreement and said the third defendants would have granted a partial discharge
of their mortgage once they received 85% of the sale price for the first unit
followed by a partial discharge for the second unit (without receiving
payment) provided it was transferred to the plaintiff.

57\. One of the plaintiffs allegations (se para 24 of her re-amended statement
of claim) and which her counsel repeatedly raised with the various witnesses
he cross-examined was, that Earling had a paid-up capital of only $3.00 and
yet, the third defendants lent the company $5m. I wish to say that this
argument is simplistic as that factor cannot be considered in isolation.

58\. The third defendants had produced at the trial their credit application
form (dated 14 April 1997) on Earling (see 3AB47) when the company applied for
a loan. In addition to an open legal mortgage of the property, the third
defendants required the companys three directors to furnish personal
guarantees in which regard the creditworthiness and assets of each director
was evaluated. The paid-up capital of the company was also required to be
increased to $1m. I cannot therefore imagine that the third defendants would
have extended any loan let alone $5-$6m to the company unless they considered
Earlings proposed development on the property to be viable, based on the
feasibility study (including projected costs) the company had submitted.

59\. There was also an inter-office memorandum from the Geylang branch manager
to Fadlun on 5 May 1997 (see 4AB6) to the effect that $3m of the banks
facility would be re-paid upon issuance of the TOP. It was also stated therein
that there was an offer of $3.9m to buy one (1) of the bungalows; further,
that one unit (identified as the third unit) would be transferred to the
previous owner free of payment. The note concluded with the comment that the
branch saw no need to impose any condition (on Earling) in view of the fact
that borrowing was based on land prices valued at $8m. The inter-office
memorandum apparently prompted Fadlun to write the third defendants letter
dated 7 May 1997 (1AB193) to the second defendants stating inter alia, that a
unit would be transferred to the plaintiff without payment (see para 40
above).

_

The findings

(i) duty of care

_

60\. It was clear from the plaintiffs own testimony and that of her lawyer
(WAP) that her claims against the second and third defendants were completely
unsustainable from the very outset. As conceded by Mr Ponniah, there was no
duty owed to the plaintiff by the second defendants and JL in particular as,
the second defendants acted for the first defendant, OCBC and the third
defendants. Consequently, even if JL knew as a fact (as Mr Ponniah repeatedly
raised in cross-examination) that the OCBC mortgage provided protection to the
plaintiff, how does that evidence help to advance his clients case? It was WAP
who owed a duty to the plaintiff to protect her interests. Equally, it is
apparent from his testimony and the documentary evidence (especially the
Option) before the court, that he failed in that regard. Yet, when alerted of
the possibility that they themselves may have been negligent by the second
defendants letter dated 23 August 1999 (at 1AB258 see para 23 above), Wong &
Lim chose to continue to act for the plaintiff and to point the finger at
others for the plaintiffs predicament, rather than take stock of the situation
and consider whether they themselves may not be at fault.

61\. In his cross-examination by Mr Tan (see para 45 supra) on the second
defendants aforesaid letter, WAP had said he was not aware of the same (until
he reviewed the documents for this trial) as by then, he had passed the
plaintiffs file to his litigation partner. Mr Ponniah (who is also a senior
practitioner) then proceeded (first in his letters and then in the plaintiffs
statement of claim) to blame everyone else involved with the property (except
for OCBC and his own firm) for the plaintiffs loss. What WAP and Mr Ponniah
did was a great disservice to the plaintiff and their fellow solicitors the
second defendants, and contravened the following five (5) provisions of the
Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules Cap 161( 2000 ed) (hereinafter
referred to as the Rules):-

> Adverse interest
>
> 27\. Where the interest of the advocate and solicitor or any member of his
> family is adverse to the interest of the client, the advocate and solicitor
> shall decline to represent or withdraw from representing the client, unless
> the client having been fully informed, and advised that he should seek
> independent legal advice, consents to the advocate and solicitor acting or
> continuing to act on his behalf.
>
> Withdrawal
>
> 42(1) Subject to rule 41, an advocate and solicitor may withdraw from
> representing a client
>

>> (e) if an advocate and solicitor has an interest in any case or mater in
which the advocate and solicitor is concerned for the client which is adverse
to that of the client;

>>

>> (f) where such action is necessary to avoid a contravention by the advocate
and solicitor of the Act or these Rules or any other subsidiary legislation
made under the Act or

>>

>> (g) where any other good cause exists.

>
> Relationship with other advocates and solicitors

> 47\. An advocate and solicitor shall treat his professional colleagues with
> courtesy and fairness.
>
> Facts, arguments and allegations

> 59\. An advocate and solicitor shall not contrive facts which will assist
> his clients case or draft any originating process, pleading, affidavit,
> witness statement or notice or grounds of appeal containing
>

>> (b) any allegation of fraud unless he has clear instructions to make such
allegations and has before him reasonable credible material which as it stands
establishes a prima facie case of fraud.

>
> Solicitor not to act if he is a witness

> 64(1) An advocate and solicitor shall not accept instructions in a case in
> which the advocate and solicitor has reason to believe that he is likely to
> be a witness on a material question of fact.
>
> (2) An advocate and solicitor shall discharge himself from representing a
> client if it becomes apparent to the advocate and solicitor that he is
> likely to be a witness on a material question of fact.

62\. I could neither condone nor overlook the conduct of WAP and Mr Ponniah;
their actions did not arise out of errors of judgment for which, like any
other human beings who are not infallible, they can be excused. In this case,
their firm should have (but did not) immediately cease acting for the
plaintiff in accordance with Rule 27 of the Rules or at all, and they did not
advise her to consult another firm of solicitors. Had the plaintiff been given
such advice, another law firm may have made a far more objective and
independent assessment of the situation and, advised the plaintiff whether she
did indeed have the claims she put forward in this suit.

63\. Even if Wong & Lim did not discharge themselves immediately after receipt
of the second defendants letter dated 23 August 1999, Rule 64(2) of the Rules
should have prompted them to do so when it became obvious that WAP would be a
material witness for the plaintiff. That Rule is not complied with merely by
WAP passing the plaintiffs file smartly on to his litigation partner as there
is a danger, which was the case here, that the brief by WAP to Mr Ponniah was
very much coloured by the formers perception of what he thought was the
plaintiffs grievance and who caused it and which, as it turned out, was
completely off the mark.

64\. As a consequence, what Mr Ponniah did was to raise the most serious
allegations of fraud against the second defendants and JL in particular,
disregarding Rule 47 of the Rules, when there was not one iota of evidence to
substantiate such accusations, contrary to Rule 59(b) of the Rules. The words
used against the second defendants in the re-amended statement of claim (para
30) were, that they had _dishonestly and knowingly assisted or were an
accessory_ to the first defendant breach of trust who, it was alleged (in para
28 of the statement of claim), had _fraudulently and dishonestly and or
otherwise_ committed breach of trust and fiduciary duty.

65\. The gravamen of the plaintiffs case of fraud was based on an implied
trust grounded on cll 18(a), 19 and 20 of the Option. In cross-examination,
WAP repeatedly maintained that although those clauses did not state that the
plaintiff was selling only but in fact the whole, of the property, it was to
be implied. Such an argument goes against the very grain of s 93 of the
Evidence Act Cap 97 which states:-

> When the terms of a contract or of a grant or of any other disposition of
> property have been reduced by or by the consent of the parties to the form
> of a document, and in all cases in which any matter is required by law to be
> reduced to the form of a document, no evidence shall be given in proof of
> the terms of such contract, grant or other disposition of property or of
> such matter except the document itself, or secondary evidence of its
> contents in cases in which secondary evidence is admissible under the
> provisions of this Act.

66\. I had found that the plaintiffs loss arose as a direct result of WAPs
shortcomings as an experienced conveyancer. I need only refer to his own
testimony (set out in para 50 above) to support this finding. Coupled with his
agreement to allow the word _OCBC_ to be changed to _paramount mortgagee_ in
cl 19 of the Option and his omission to lodge a caveat immediately or soon
after OCBCs mortgage was registered (on 4 March 1997), WAPs conduct caused the
plaintiff to lose her priority against the mortgage of the third defendants.
WAPs excuse that he did not file the plaintiffs caveat soon after OCBCs
mortgage because he did not receive the appropriate site plan was
unsustainable as, he managed to file the caveat on 11 June 1998 (albeit too
late) without any plan at all. He could not explain let alone satisfactorily,
why he did not use the plan prepared by the first defendants architects and
forwarded to him by Leslie in October 1997\. Neither was I prepared to accept
his cavalier explanation that his conveyancing clerk told him the
topographical survey drawing Derby forwarded to him in July 1997 could not be
used. It would have been a different matter had he tried to lodge a caveat
using that drawing and the Land Titles Registry had rejected the same; I would
accept a rejection by a government authority but not that of his unqualified
clerk, however experienced. As WAP did not even try to submit the latter
drawing for lodgement purposes, we will never know whether he would have
succeeded. Similarly, as WAP did not make the attempt, we will never know
whether the suggestion from counsel for the second defendants, that the sale
to the first defendant could have been by way of a tenancy-in-common in
unequal shares, would have been acceptable to the Registry of Titles.

67\. What then would have been achieved if the plaintiff had lodged her caveat
immediately after OCBCs mortgage? According to N Khublalls _The law of real
property and conveyancing_ (3 ed at p 641), an authority cited by the third
defendants:-

> A caveat is a document which, when lodged in the land registry, gives the
> caveator, ie the person who has lodged it, the opportunity of protecting an
> existing right or of establishing an existing claim. A caveat is similar in
> effect to an injunction, though it is not an order of the court
>
> Without debasing the registered title, a private caveat is intended to
> perform two interrelated functions. Firstly, it prevents a registered
> proprietor from entering into any further dealing with his land, thereby
> ensuring that existing claimants on interests on such land are given
> temporary protection by maintaining the status quo, especially if the land
> is subject to litigation. On this point the Privy Council [in _T Damodaran v
> Choe Kun Hin_ [1979] 2 MLJ 267 at 269 per Lord Diplock] observed:
>
> Claims to be entitled to the proprietorship of land or a registered interest
> in land, whether or not they are the subject of litigation, are not
> registrable as encumbrances on a registered title. Instead, they are
> protected by a system of private caveats which, while leaving the registered
> title unqualified and intact, have the effect of preventing any dealing with
> it by the registered proprietor so long as the caveat remains in force, that
> is, until it is removed from the registrar.
>
> Another function of a private caveat is that it gives notice to the world at
> large via the land registrar as to the existence of certain claims in
> respect of a particular parcel of land. The passage below from the Privy
> Council judgment in _Abigail v Lapin_ [1934] AC 491 is of particular
> relevance:-
>
> For the protection of equitable interests or estates the Act provides that a
> caveat may be lodged with the Registrar by a person claiming as cestui que
> trust, or under any unregistered instrument or any other estate or interest;
> the effect of the caveat is that no instrument will be registered while the
> caveat is in force.until after a certain notice to the person lodging the
> caveat. Thus though the legal interest is in general determined by the
> registered transfer, and is in law subject only to registered mortgages or
> other charges, the register may bear on its face a notice of equitable
> claims so as to warn persons dealing in respect of the land and to enable
> the equitable claimant to protect his claim by enabling him to bring an
> action if his claim be disputed.

The above passage is self-explanatory of the serious consequence which
resulted from WAPs omission to lodge a caveat for the plaintiff soon after the
Transfer and OCBCs mortgage were registered.

68\. Before a claim for breach of trust can succeed, it is established law
that there must first of all be a relationship of trustee-beneficiary between
the plaintiff and the defendants giving rise to a fiduciary relationship. I
can do no better than to quote an authority from the plaintiffs own bundle in
this regard, an extract from _Halsburys Laws of England_ (4 ed [reissue] vol
48 p 343 para 501) where it is stated:

> Where a person has property or rights which he holds or is bound to exercise
> for or on behalf of another or others, or for the accomplishment of some
> particular purpose or particular purposes, he is said to hold the property
> or rights in trust for that other or those others, or for that purpose or
> those purposes, and he is called a trustee. A trust is a purely equitable
> obligation and is enforceable only in a court in which equity is
> administered.
>
> The trustee holds the property or must exercise his rights of property in a
> fiduciary capacity, and stands in a fiduciary relationship to the
> beneficiary.

69\. The above principle of law is reinforced by the cases contained in the
bundles of authorities of the plaintiff/defendants including _, Royal Brunei
Airlines Sdn Bhd v Tan_ [1995] 3 AER 97 and _Carl Zeiss Stiftung v Herbert
Smith & Co_ (No. 2) [1969] 2 Ch 276. In _Carl Zeiss Stiftung v Herbert Smith &
Co, _the plaintiffs alleged that the assets and property of a defendant, which
was a West German foundation bearing their same name, belonged to the
plaintiffs or were held on trust for them. At a time when there had been and
were pending interlocutory proceedings but before the trial of the main
action, the plaintiffs brought these proceedings for an account against the
West German foundations solicitors alleging that they had received money from
their clients and, by reason of so acting, they knew all the facts and matters
averred and proved or to be proved in the main action and they had notice that
their clients money belonged to the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs made no
allegation against the defendant solicitors integrity and honesty and at all
times emphasised that no such allegation could or was being made. The
defendant solicitors admitted receiving the money from the West German
foundation on account of fees, costs and disbursements incurred or to be
incurred in the main action and that they knew from time to time the averments
made by the plaintiffs. Pennycuick J dismissed the action and the plaintiffs
appealed.

70\. The Court of Appeal (in dismissing the appeal) held that a solicitor
acting honestly in his capacity as a solicitor for his client was in no
different position from any other agent acting for his principal and was not
to be imputed with knowledge of a trust merely because, in acting for his
client, he knew that it was claimed that against his client that there was a
trust and such knowledge could not be notice of a trust or notice of
misapplication of trust funds. Accordingly, since the defendant solicitors had
no notice of a trust or that they had received trust funds from their clients,
they were not accountable to the plaintiffs for the moneys which had come into
their hands on account of costs, fees and disbursements. In our case, there
was not even the suggestion of a trust to begin with, before Mr Ponniah came
into the picture.

71\. The only fiduciary relationship in our case which could possibly give
rise to a cause of action was that of solicitor-and-client between the second
defendants and the first/third defendants. Indeed, this was stated in the
Particulars under para 31 of the statement of claim where the plaintiff
alleged that:-

> the second defendants as solicitors for the first defendant and for Sime
> Bank [the third defendant] when instructed to discharge the OCBC mortgage
> and re-mortgage the said property to Sime Bank as security for the Sime Bank
> loan on terms thereof;-
>
> (a) Wilfully or recklessly failed to inquire from the plaintiff or her
> solicitors whether the plaintiff consents to the discharge and/or the re-
> mortgage of the said property, which included the plaintiffs interest in
> 5,030 sq. feet of the said property.

Given the admission in the plaintiffs own pleadings with herself being
separately represented by WAP coupled with, Mr Ponniahs acknowledgement that
the second defendants/JL owed no duty to the plaintiff, there was no basis for
Wong & Lim to make the strong allegation which they did, more so in the case
of the third defendants, with whom the plaintiff had no privity of contract.

72\. As for the plaintiffs claim against the second and third defendants based
on constructive trusts, I refer to yet another extract (at p 360) from
_Halsburys Laws_(supra):-

> 525\. **Resulting and constructive trusts**. Resulting trusts and
> constructive trusts arise, or are implied, by operation of law, and may or
> may not reflect the intention of the persons concerned, whereas express
> trusts arise from the intention of the disposer ascertained from the formal
> or informal words used by him.
>
> Resulting trusts are of two kinds. A presumed resulting trust arises from
> the application of a rebuttable presumption of intention that the property
> purchased wholly or partly by X but vested in Ys name should be held by Y on
> trust for X to the extent of Xs share in the purchase; likewise, where there
> is a voluntary transfer by X into the name of Y or the joint names of X and
> Y, there is a presumption of a resulting trust for X. An automatic resulting
> trust arises where X transfers property to Y on trusts which for some reason
> fail to dispose wholly of Xs beneficial ownership so that Y automatically
> and irrebuttably holds the property on trust for X to the extent of Xs
> undisposed of beneficial interest.
>
> A constructive trust is automatically imposed in circumstances where it is
> unconscionable or contrary to fundamental equitable principles for the owner
> of particular property to hold it purely for his own benefit.

In the words of Edmund Davies LJ ([at p 300] in _Carl Zeiss Stiftung v Herbert
Smith_), what is required for a constructive trust to be imputed is the _want
of probity._

73\. At the risk of repetition, I refer again to WAPs testimony in para 50 and
to the facts set out in paras 9 and 10, above. Despite WAPs stubborn and
unreasonable denial to the contrary, the Option and Transfer clearly stated
that the plaintiff sold the _whole_ property, not thereof, to the first
defendant. Consequently, no resulting or constructive trust in favour of the
plaintiff can arise; she had received good and valuable consideration for the
_entire_ piece of land from the first defendant, there was no evidence of a
want of probity or any unconscionable conduct on the part of the defendants
which warranted a constructive trust being imposed on any or all, of them.

74\. The plaintiff also failed to surmount the hurdle imposed by s 47 of the
Land Titles Act Cap 157 which states:-

> (1) Except in the case of fraud, no person dealing with a proprietor or with
> a person who is entitled to become a proprietor shall be required or in any
> manner concerned to inquire or ascertain the circumstances in or the
> consideration for which the current proprietor or any previous proprietor is
> or was registered, or to see to the application of the purchase money or any
> part thereof, or is affected by notice (actual or constructive) of any
> bankruptcy proceeding, trust or other unregistered interest whatsoever, any
> rule of law or equity to the contrary notwithstanding; _and the knowledge
> that any unregistered interest is in existence shall not of itself be
> imputed as fraud_(emphasis added)

She also had to overcome s 49(2) of the same Act which states:-

> Knowledge of the existence of an unregistered interest which has not been
> protected by a caveat shall not of itself be imputed as fraud.

The underlined words in s 47 read with s 49(2) make it clear that even actual
knowledge (which they admitted they had) on the part of the second and third
defendants, that the first defendant had a contractual obligation to build a
bungalow and transfer it to the plaintiff free of payment, does not amount to
fraud.

75\. It follows from the preceding paragraphs that the plaintiff did not have
a cause of action against the first defendant either, based on breach of
trust. From the documentary evidence, it was clear that the first
defendant/Wee had done their best to comply with the first defendants
obligations under cll 18 and 20 of the Option to build a bungalow for the
plaintiff and indeed partly performed this obligation before they and their
companies (Derby and Earling) ran out of funds, victims of the 1997 regional
economic crisis. They did not hide their obligation to the plaintiff from the
third defendants, as can be seen from the letter written by the third to the
second, defendants dated 7 May 1997, _before_ the third defendants mortgage
was registered. Neither the plaintiff nor Leslie denied the first
defendants/Wees allegation that they rejected the offer of $3.6m from Tancho
Properties for one (1) of the other units of bungalows and which sale proceeds
would have enabled Earling to finish construction of the plaintiffs unit, if
not the entire development.

76\. Had another law firm taken over acting for the plaintiff in place of Wong
& Lim, it may well be that they would have formulated the plaintiffs claim
properly and, which could only have been for breach of contract against the
first but not against the other, two (2) defendants. The plaintiff was never
given the opportunity or advised, to make this claim by either WAP or Mr
Ponniah.

_

Proceedings under Order 58 r 8 of the Rules of Court

_.

77\. After I had dismissed the plaintiffs claim on 15 November 2000, on an
application made by counsel for the second defendants (who submitted that
these proceedings against his clients were an abuse of the process of court),
I ordered WAP and Mr Ponniah to show cause under O 58 r 8 of the Rules of
Court, why they should not be made personally liable for the costs of the
plaintiffs unsuccessful action against all three (3) defendants. Consequently,
a week after the dismissal of the plaintiffs action, there was another hearing
before me where WAP and Mr Ponniah were represented by Mr C Rajah SC.

78\. Before I give the reasons for the orders I made, I need to set out the
text of O 58 r 8, it states:

> **
>
> Personal liability of solicitor for costs
>
> **
>
> (1) Subject to this Rule, where it appears to the Court that costs have been
> incurred unreasonably or improperly in any proceedings or have been wasted
> by failure to conduct proceedings with reasonable competence and expedition,
> the Court may make against any solicitor whom it considers to be responsible
> (whether personally or through an employee or agent) an order
>

>> (a) disallowing the costs as between the solicitor and his client; and

>>

>> (b) directing the solicitor to repay to his client costs which the client
has been ordered to pay to other parties to the proceedings; or

>>

>> (c) directing the solicitor personally to indemnify such other parties
against the costs payable by them.

After hearing the submissions from counsel for the three (3) defendants and
from Mr Rajah, I made an order against WAP and Mr Ponniah under the above
order as regards the costs of the second and third defendants, and which is
the subject of their appeal in Civil Appeal No. 167 of 2000.

79\. Mr Rajah as well as counsel for the defendants relied on the same
authorities for their opposing arguments. They cited the leading English
authority _Ridehalgh v Horsefield & Anor_ [1994] 3 All ER 848 where the
appellate court in turn applied the principles from the House of Lords
decision in _Myers v Elman_ [1940] AC 282. _Ridehalgh v Horsefield_ was
followed by our Court of Appeal in _Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew & Anor_
[1998] 1 SLR 97.

80\. In _Ridehalgh v Horsefield_ , the Court of Appeal considered Order 62 r
11 of the 1986 Rules of the Supreme Court which wording is very similar to our
O 58 r 8. Sir Thomas Bingham MR (at pp 856-857) set out the five fundamental
principles for which _Myers v Elman_ was authority:-

> (1) the courts jurisdiction to make a wasted costs order against a solicitor
> is quite distinct from the disciplinary jurisdiction exercised over
> solicitors;
>
> (2) whereas a disciplinary order against a solicitor requires a finding that
> he has been personally guilty of serious professional misconduct, the making
> of wasted costs order does not;
>
> (3) the courts jurisdiction to make a wasted cost order against a solicitor
> is founded on breach of the duty owed by the solicitor to the court to
> perform his duty as an officer of the court in promoting within his own
> sphere the cause of justice;
>
> (4) to show a breach of that duty it is not necessary to establish
> dishonesty, criminal conduct, personal obliquity or behaviour such as to
> warrant striking a solicitor off the roll. While mere mistake or error of
> judgment would not justify an order, _misconduct, default_ or even
> negligence is enough if the negligence is serious or gross;
>
> (5) the jurisdiction is compensatory and not merely punitive.

81\. What then do the words _misconduct or default_ connote? According to Lord
Wright in _Myers v Elman_ (at pp 290 and 292) it did not have to amount to
disgraceful or dishonourable conduct by the solicitor, but on mere negligence
of a serious character, the result of which was to occasion useless costs to
the other parties a serious dereliction of duty as a solicitor either by the
person himself or by his clerks.

82\. Several passages from _Ridehalgh v Horsefield_ are helpful on what is
meant by _improper_ and _unreasonable_ in __ O 58 r 8. Sir Thomas Bingham had
this to say (at p 861):-

> Improper means what it has been understood to mean in this context for at
> least half a century. The adjective covers but is not confined to, conduct
> which would ordinarily be held to justify disbarment, striking off,
> suspension from practice or other serious professional penalty. It covers
> any significant breach of a substantial duty imposed by a relevant code of
> professional conduct. But it is not in our judgment limited to that. Conduct
> which would be regarded as improper according to the consensus of
> professional (including judicial) opinion can be fairly stigmatised as such
> whether or not it violates the letter of a professional code.
>
> Unreasonable also means what it has been understood to mean in this context
> for at least half a century. The expression aptly describes conduct which is
> vexatious, designed to harass the other side rather than advance the
> resolution of the case, and it makes no difference that the conduct is the
> product of excessive zeal and not improper motive. But conduct cannot be
> described as unreasonably simply because it leads in the event to an
> unsuccessful result or because other more cautious legal representatives
> would have acted differently. The acid test is whether the conduct permits
> of a reasonable explanation. If so, the course adopted may be regarded as
> optimistic and as reflecting on a practitioners judgment, but it is not
> unreasonable.

The learned judge added (at p 863):-

> It is, however, one thing for a legal representative to present, on
> instructions, a case which he regards as bound to fail; _it is quite another
> to lend his assistance to proceedings which are an abuse of the process of
> the court_. Whether instructed or not, a legal representative is not
> entitled to use litigious procedures for purposes for which they were not
> intended, as by issuing or pursuing proceedings for reasons unconnected with
> success in the litigation or pursuing a case known to be dishonest, nor is
> he entitled to evade rules intended to safeguard the interests of justice,
> as by knowingly failing to make full disclosure on ex-parte applications or
> knowingly conniving at incomplete disclosure documents. It is not entirely
> easy to distinguish by definition between the hopeless case and the case
> which amounts to an abuse of the process, but in practice it is not hard to
> say which is which and if there is doubt the legal representative is
> entitled to the benefit of it.(emphasis underlined)

83\. Jeffrey Pinsler in commenting on O 58 r 8 in his book _Civil Practice in
Singapore and Malaysia_ (1998) said (at para 452):-

> .the rule requires a certain degree of impropriety as opposed to merely
> unreasonable conduct or lack of diligence on the part of the solicitor
> before it can operate.

84\. Applying the tests set out in _Ridehalgh v Horsefield_ and following upon
my earlier comments (in para 62), I was of the view that the action of WAP and
Mr Ponniah in instituting this suit against the second/third defendants was
indeed an abuse of the process of the court; it was more than unreasonable
conduct, it was inexcusable. What I found disquieting was the fact that this
was not the first time that the two partners had sued another law firm over
their own inaction/omission, a fact which their counsel may not be aware of.

85\. In _PT BII Finance Centre v Eunike Juwita & Anor_ [2000] 3 SLR 233, the
plaintiffs, who are an Indonesian finance company, represented by Mr Ponniah,
sued the second defendant law firm (who coincidentally was represented by Mr
Tan) for breaching a letter of undertaking they had furnished to the
plaintiffs, to pay to the plaintiffs the sale proceeds of a Singapore property
owned by the first defendant and which was mortgaged to a local bank. WAP had
acted for the plaintiffs in relation to a guarantee and indemnity which the
first defendant had furnished to the plaintiffs, to secure the obligations of
a company which was controlled by her husband, to which the plaintiffs had
provided factoring facilities. The second defendants had paid to the
plaintiffs $63,711.62 which balance sum was all the sale proceeds they held of
the property, after paying the claim of the mortgagee bank and making other
deductions. I dismissed the plaintiffs action as I took the view that the
second defendants had discharged their obligations by paying over the balance
sum of $63,711.62, which sum they held at the time of the plaintiffs demand
for payment, after making all the deductions stipulated in their letter of
undertaking.

86\. In para 31 of my judgment, I had said (at p 242):-

> In my view, having regard to the fact that a prudent solicitor would only
> give an undertaking over clients money which he holds and that it is
> entirely a matter of contract whether the second defendants held the
> [10%]deposit as stakeholders, a reasonable person in the position of the
> plaintiffs should not so readily assume that the use of the word sale
> proceeds must necessarily mean 100% of the sale proceeds in the
> circumstances under which the undertaking was given. Unfortunately, it was
> this pre-conceived notion which resulted in this litigation. _The plaintiffs
> could have protected their position by either taking a second mortgage on
> the property or, if the former course of action was not agreed to by [the
> mortgagee bank], by lodging a caveat against the property once the guarantee
> was executed or even later, after being notified about the sale of the
> property_(emphasis added).

Similar to our case, the Indonesian finance companys position would have been
protected, had WAP lodged a caveat against her property, once the first
defendant had executed the guarantee and indemnity in the plaintiffs favour;
he did not. Yet his firm and Mr Ponniah in particular, chose to sue another
law firm for his own omission.

87\. Mr Tan drew my attention to yet another case where Mr Ponniah had sued a
law firm without basis, namely _Active Timber Agencies Pte Ltd v Allen &
Gledhill_ [1996] 1 SLR 478. The plaintiffs, a Singapore registered company
which was controlled by one Tiang Ming Sing (Tiang) had entered into a sale
and purchase agreement with two (2) gentlemen Cam and Adam to buy over the
entire shareholdings in a Vanuatu company. The defendant firm of solicitors
were retained by Cam and Adam to receive payment on their behalf. The
plaintiffs remitted to the defendants clients account in August 1993 the sum
of US$250,000 (the sum) for account of Cam and Adam; in turn the defendants
paid the sum to their clients in September 1993. Apart from that payment,
there was no communication between the plaintiffs and the defendants.
According to the plaintiffs, the agreement with Cam and Adam was subsequently
aborted.

88\. In May 1994, through their (then) solicitors, the plaintiffs demanded the
return of the sum; the defendants naturally could not and so informed the
plaintiffs pointing out that neither the plaintiffs nor Tiang gave any
instructions nor imposed any conditions as to how the sum should be dealt
with, at the time the remittance was received. The plaintiffs through Wong &
Lim (Mr Ponniah) nevertheless persisted in their claim. In their pleadings,
the plaintiffs alleged that the defendants received the sum into their clients
account as agents for the plaintiffs and claimed the defendants were their
trustees. Not surprisingly, the plaintiffs action (on the defendants
application) was struck out under O 18 r 19 of the Rules of Court, as
disclosing no reasonable cause of action. The plaintiffs appeal to the Court
of Appeal (against the common decision of the assistant registrar and judge
[on a registrars appeal] in striking out their claim) was dismissed.

89\. I was of the view that both WAP and Mr Ponniah were guilty of a serious
dereliction of duty in instituting these proceedings against the second/third
defendants when clearly they had no basis at law to do so. To quote Sir Thomas
Bingham in _Ridehalgh v Horsefield_ , it makes no difference that their
conduct is the product of excessive zeal and not improper motive. A
willingness to sue their fellow solicitors without second thoughts and without
considering the merits of their clients case and their own involvement, was
not conduct which could be overlooked by any court of law. Why then should the
plaintiff bear the financial consequences of their wrongful act? Accordingly,
it would be highly inequitable to order her to pay the costs of the second and
third defendants.

90\. Consequently, I ordered that WAP and Mr Ponniah bear the plaintiffs costs
payable to the second and third defendants. In so doing, I had not taken into
consideration the second complaint put forward by counsel for the second
defendants, that there had been deliberate non-disclosure of crucial documents
from the plaintiffs conveyancing file, even though solicitor and client
privilege had been waived by the plaintiff. I was prompted to order further
discovery by the plaintiff as a result of counsels complaint and which led to
the revelation of the three (3) documents referred to in paras 46 to 48 above.
I gave the benefit of the doubt to WAP and Mr Ponniah that their omission to
give full discovery was an inadvertence and not deliberate. However, the same
indulgence could not be extended to them in the manner they pursued the
plaintiffs claim against the second and third defendants.

91\. I did not make a similar order against the two (2) partners for the costs
payable by the plaintiff to the first defendant; whatever her cause of action,
whether it be for breach of trust or contract, the plaintiff would have had to
bear the costs of the first defendant in any event should she fail in her
action. Consequently neither WAP nor Mr Ponniah should be penalised in this
regard.

Lai Siu Chiu

Judge

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Apr 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

