Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Poh Tee v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGHC 26

Case Number | : | MA 342/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 February 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Muralidharan Pillai (Allen & Gledhill) for the appellant; Tan Boon Gin (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lim Poh Tee — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Police officer corruptly
accepting gratification -Whether need for substantial deterrent sentence –
Whether shorter sentence warranted  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Whether manifestly excessive
– Consistency with similar cases – Applicable principles – Whether previous
conviction on similar offence relevant  
  

: This was an appeal by the appellant, Lim Poh Tee (`Lim`), against the
sentence imposed by district judge Jasvendar Kaur.  
  
In the court below, Lim claimed trial to and was convicted, of one charge of
corruptly accepting from one Chua Tiong Tiong (`Chua`), a known illegal
moneylender, gratification in the form of free entertainment of an unspecified
sum on a day in 1997, as an inducement to show favour to Chua in relation to
his principal`s affairs, to wit, to assist Chua in the event that he requires
help in his illegal moneylending activities, which offence was punishable
under s 6(a) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241) (`PCA`). Lim
initially lodged, but later discontinued, an appeal against the conviction. At
the hearing below, he was also tried and acquitted of two other charges of
framing an incorrect record or writing with intent to save a person from
punishment, which offences were punishable under s 218 of the Penal Code (Cap
224). There was no appeal against the orders of acquittal..  
  
Chua was jointly tried and convicted at the same trial, of corruptly giving
the said gratification to Lim, which offence was punishable under s 6(b) PCA.
He was sentenced to 18 months` imprisonment. Chua has appealed against the
sentence and his appeal is pending.  
  
The sentence prescribed for an offence punishable under s 6(a) PCA was a term
of imprisonment of up to five years or fine not exceeding $100,000 or both.
The district judge sentenced the appellant to two and a half years`
imprisonment. After hearing both parties, I dismissed the appeal. I now give
my reasons in writing.  
  
**_The facts_**

****

Lim joined the Singapore Police Force as a police constable in 1983. At the
material time, he held the post of Acting Inspector, attached to the Violent
Crime Squad at the Jurong Police Division Headquarters. He was a key officer
in the division. He was the second officer-in-charge of the Violent Crime
Squad and was also covering the duties of a Chief Investigation Officer (IV).  
  
Chua, also known as `Ah Long San` or `Ah San`, operated an illegal money-
lending business from Geylang. This was known to Lim. Together, they had
frequented the Lido Palace Nite Club (`Lido Palace`) located at Concorde Hotel
at least four or five times since 1996. Chua was the one who settled the bills
on these occasions.  
  
Lem Woon Wee (`Lem`), was formerly a police corporal attached to Jurong Police
Division Headquarters. He was responsible for investigating illegal
moneylending cases. Sometime in the middle of the night of 18 October 1997,
while at home, Lem was informed of the arrest of one Lee Hwee Leong (`Lee`)
for an offence under the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188) for harassing a debtor,
one Saithu Julalutheen (`Saithu`). Lem later received a page from Lim who
enquired if he had a loan shark case. When he confirmed this, Lim said that
the person arrested was his friend`s friend and asked him to help out. From
this, Lem formed the impression that Lim wanted him to treat the suspect
leniently.  
  
Lee had gone to Saithu`s flat to collect money on behalf of one `Ah Ban`, an
illegal moneylender, who in turn worked for Chua. At the station, Lim brought
Lee up from the lock up. He informed Lee that outside people had given
instructions and reassured the latter that he would be alright. Lim asked Lee
whether he knew `Ah San` or `Ah Thiam` and asked him not to implicate `Ah
San`.  
  
Lem arrived at the station and discovered that Lim had already taken Lee from
the lock up; he found them together in Lim`s office. A statement was then
purportedly recorded from Lee by Lem. The contents of the statement were in
fact narrated by Lim, who informed Lem that his `friend`s side` had already
settled the matter with the victim who would give a negative statement. He
stressed to Lem the importance of recording a statement from the victim which
stated that `Ah Ban` was not a loan shark and that the loan was interest free.
This was duly done by Lem later that morning. Lim dropped by during the
recording of Saithu`s statement.  
  
Lim told Lem there was no need for him to be present at the morning panel.
Instead, Lim briefed the panel on the case involving Lee; the panel directed
that an investigation paper be put up. Lim however informed Lem that the case
had been settled and to file away the papers. He directed Lem to record that
there were no elements of illegal moneylending, to classify the report as
`police assistance required` and to release Lee unconditionally. Lem complied.  
  
About two weeks later, Lim invited Lem to Lido Palace. They went to a KTV room
where Lim introduced Lem to Chua, who was introduced as `Ah San`. Lim told
Chua that Lem was from the `Jurong loan shark` squad. Lim and Lem proceeded to
enjoy the entertainment, which included hostesses, food, drinks and karaoke.
They did not pay for the entertainment. Instead, Lim said that there was no
need to pay and that `they` would settle the bill.  
  
On a subsequent occasion in October 1997, Lim separately invited both Lem and
another police officer, sergeant Yap Chee Kong (`Sgt Yap`), to a function at
Lido Palace. Sgt Yap was also attached to Jurong Police Division Headquarters
and was also responsible for investigating loan shark cases.  
  
Upon his arrival at Lido Palace, Sgt Yap was met by Lim. The latter in turn
brought Sgt Yap to meet Chua and introduced him as his colleague Yap who
handled loan shark cases in Jurong. The three officers, that is, Lim, Lem and
Sgt Yap, then spent the night enjoying the entertainment in the form of
singing, drinks and hostesses. The bill for the entertainment was again paid
by Chua.  
  
A few days later, Lim approached Lem and Sgt Yap. Referring to Chua as `Ah
Long San`, he said that Chua had many runners of whom he had lost count. He
told them to keep him informed of any future reports involving loan shark
cases and to provide him with the names of the suspects, the name of the
complainant, the place of operation of the suspects and their contact numbers.
He would then check with Chua whether the suspects were under him. In this
way, Chua`s associates could liaise with the complainant to give a negative
statement or to stop the harassment.  
  
At the close of the trial, the district judge concluded that Lim got himself
involved in Lee`s arrest as he had been asked by Chua to help out.
Subsequently, he invited Lem and Sgt Yap to Lido Palace and introduced them to
Chua, in the course of which he intentionally informed the latter that they
were responsible for investigating moneylending cases at Jurong. Chua had
provided free entertainment to Lim with the corrupt intention of seeking his
assistance in the event that he required help in his illegal moneylending
activities. At the same time, Lim accepted the entertainment corruptly as an
inducement to assist Chua in the event that the latter required such
assistance. Thereafter, Lim requested Lem and Sgt Yap to provide him with
information on loan shark cases reported at the station with the intention of
passing on the information to Chua so as to enable the latter to alert his
runners to escape conviction. The district judge accordingly convicted Lim on
the charge of corruption.  
  
**_The decision below_**

****

The district judge observed that the starting point usually adopted in
sentencing was six months` imprisonment and noted that sentences for police
officers convicted of corruption have ranged from six weeks` imprisonment to
three years and more. There was thus no single benchmark sentence.  
  
The district judge took into account the need for a substantial element of
punishment and deterrence as Lim had committed the corruption offences in his
capacity as a police officer. She also considered the fact that Lim was a
senior and key officer of Jurong Police Division Headquarters at the material
time and that his conduct constituted a serious abuse of his position and a
gross betrayal of trust. Furthermore, Lim sought to draw two junior officers
into the web of corruption and had instigated them to act contrary to their
enforcement duties. His actions had also brought disrepute to the Singapore
Police Force and undermined public confidence in the rectitude of police
officers. Finally, the district judge took into account Lim`s previous
conviction in 1998, for an offence of corruption punishable under s 6(a) PCA
for which he was sentenced to three months` imprisonment.  
  
**_The appeal_**

****

Mr Muralidharan Pillai, the counsel for Lim, argued that the sentence was
manifestly excessive. He submitted that the sentence imposed was significantly
above the normal tariffs and noticeably disparate to other similar cases; that
a shorter sentence would have sufficed to deter like-minded offenders; that
the sentence was seriously disproportionate to the sentence imposed on the
accomplice; and that excessive weight had been placed on his previous
conviction.  
  
The DPP, Mr Tan Boon Gin, on the other hand, argued that the considerations of
public interest, the need for deterrence as well as the aggravating factors
present, justified the sentence which was imposed by the district judge.  
  
**_The sentence_**

****

Deterrent sentence  
  
At the outset, I noted that Mr Pillai conceded that a deterrent sentence was
called for. Indeed, it was patently obvious that the public interest demanded
the imposition of a substantial deterrent sentence as it involved corruption
on the part of a public servant; and further involved an abuse of the position
and powers of a police officer.  
  
Mr Pillai however, argued that the district judge failed to consider whether a
shorter sentence would have sufficed to meet the need for deterrence. In
support, he cited Lord Lane`s observations in **R v Bibi** [1980] 1 WLR 1193
at p 1195A:

> _... sentencing courts must be particularly careful to examine each case to
> ensure, if an immediate custodial sentence is necessary, that the sentence
> is as short as possible, consistent only with the duty to protect the
> interests of the public and to punish and deter the criminal._

  
  
Lord Lane`s comments were however, prefaced by his concern over the dangerous
state of overcrowding in the UK prisons, which was not a pertinent nor
relevant consideration in the present appeal. In any event, Lord Lane
recognised that the varying severity of the offences merited sentences of
different duration and would also depend on the role and degree of culpability
of the offender in question. There, Lord Lane was addressing his mind to a
first offender who had played a fringe role in the enterprise; who was not
possessed of the normal degree of independence of mind and action and for whom
any term of imprisonment would have inevitably been traumatic. Such features
were not present in relation to Lim.  
  
Mr Pillai also relied on the Malaysian Supreme Court decision in **Mohamed
Abdullah Ang Swee Kang v PP** [1988] 1 MLJ 167  at p 170I which commented
that:

> _The fact that a sentence of imprisonment is imposed as a deterrence does
> not justify the sentencer in passing a sentence of greater length than the
> facts of the offence warrant._

  
  
This was not a new or novel proposition. The entire tenor of the judgement
revealed that the Malaysian Supreme Court merely reiterated the need to
consider the overall perspective, including the total gravity of the offence,
the facts of the commission, the presence or absence of mitigating factors and
the sentences imposed in similar cases.  
  
Viewed in that light, the cases cited by Mr Pillai go no further than my
earlier observations in **Xia Qin Lai v PP** [1999] 4 SLR 343  at [para ] 29
where I stated:

> _... the principle of deterrence (especially general deterrence) dictated
> that the length of the custodial sentence awarded had to be a not
> insubstantial one, in order to drive home the message to other like-minded
> persons that such offences will not be tolerated, but not so much as to be
> unjust in the circumstances of the case._

  
  
Thus, the pertinent question to be addressed was whether the length of the
sentence imposed by the district judge was unjust in all the circumstances of
the case. In this regard, the culpability of the offender, the circumstances
of the offence, the aggravating and mitigating factors and the sentences
imposed in similar cases would be relevant considerations.  
  
Disparity with sentences imposed in similar cases  
  
In seeking to persuade this court to reduce the sentence imposed on Lim, Mr
Pillai relied on the case of **Krishan Chand v PP** [1995] 2 SLR 291 . There,
I allowed the appeal and reduced the sentences after noting that the sentences
imposed by the district judge far exceeded the tariffs set for the offences in
question, especially in view of the genuine mitigating factors prevailing in
that appellant`s favour. Following that rationale, Mr Pillai argued that the
sentence imposed on his client was greatly in excess of the sentences imposed
in the similar cases of **Hassan bin Ahmad v PP** [2000] 3 SLR 791
(`**_Hassan_** `); **Fong Ser Joo William v PP** [2000] 4 SLR 77  (` **William
Fong** (Unreported) **PP v Sim Bok Huat Royston** (Unreported) (`**_Royston
Sim_** `  
  
In **_Hassan_** , the appellant, who was an Assistant Superintendent of
Police, was convicted after a trial, of four charges under s 6(a) PCA for
corruptly receiving monies from the same protagonist, Chua. On one occasion,
the appellant, at Chua`s request, made certain inquiries concerning Chua`s
associate who had been arrested by the police. On another occasion, also at
Chua`s request, he enquired into the status of an arrested suspect and
intervened in the interview of the suspect. He was a first offender and was
sentenced to nine months` imprisonment on each charge, to run consecutively.
On appeal, I upheld the sentences, while commenting that the total sentence of
18 months was generous.  
  
In** _William Fong_** , the appellant, a police inspector, was convicted after
a trial, of two charges under s 6(1) PCA, for corruptly receiving moneys from
the same Chua. In return, the appellant used his office and police connections
to make certain enquiries into the status of police investigations in which
Chua was interested. He was a first offender and was sentenced to nine months
imprisonment per charge with the sentences to run concurrently. In that case,
I also upheld the sentences on appeal.  
  
In **_Royston Sim_** , the accused, a police inspector, was convicted after a
trial, of one charge under s 6(a) PCA for corruptly receiving money from the
same Chua. At Chua`s request, he subsequently made an unauthorised status
enquiry on a certain individual. The accused in that case had four previous
antecedents, of which three involved the unauthorised screening of data and an
unauthorised enquiry on behalf of Chua, as well as receiving free drinks from
him. The district judge sentenced him to nine months` imprisonment after
taking into account his commendable service records, his personal
circumstances and the single charge. There, the accused did not lodge an
appeal against the sentence.  
  
The above-mentioned three cases shared certain aggravating features with the
present appeal. These related to the offenders` position as law enforcement
officers of some seniority, the corrupt acceptance of gratification from Chua
as an inducement for showing favours in relation to their principal`s affairs,
the abuse of trust and the adverse impact on the integrity and reputation of
the Police Force. As the same giver and similar corrupt purpose was involved,
these provided formidable support for Mr Pillai`s submission that the sentence
of two and a half years` imprisonment imposed on Lim on the single charge was
far in excess of the usual term of nine months` imprisonment. Incidentally,
the cases in question were decided after the conclusion of the trial in the
present appeal. It could conceivably be argued that the district judge may
well have imposed a different sentence had it been possible to bring these
cases to her attention.  
  
Nonetheless, while consistency in sentencing was a desirable goal, this was
not an inflexible or overriding principle. The different degrees of
culpability and the unique circumstances of each case play an equally, if not
more, important role. Furthermore, the sentences in similar cases may have
been either too high or too low: **PP v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice** [1999] 1 SLR
138  at [para ] 26, following **Yong Siew Soon v PP** [1992] 2 SLR 933  at p
936. It was readily apparent upon a closer examination, that there were
several significant crucial differences in the facts of the present appeal
which clearly warranted a comparatively higher sentence.  
  
As was correctly observed by the district judge, it was highly reprehensible
Lim intentionally drew two junior officers into the web of corruption and in
that way rendered more police officers beholden to Mr Chua`s corrupt
gratification. Not content with personally betraying the trust reposed upon
him, he sought to similarly corrupt other junior officers who would have
looked up to him as a role model and for guidance. He was after all a senior
officer and a key appointment holder at Jurong Police Division Headquarters
with subordinate officers under his command. By insidiously cloaking the
entertainment in a veil of normalcy and acceptability, Lim was effectively
recruiting a cadre of police officers who would be similarly beholden to Chua.
He further instigated the junior officers to act contrary to their duties and
to assist Chua and his associates to evade criminal liability. His conduct
showed that he was prepared, not merely to make enquiries into investigations
on Chua`s behalf, but to actively interfere in the course of police
investigations and to subvert the due administration of the criminal justice
system. I further noted that Lim had demonstrated absolutely no remorse for
his conduct and had cast spurious and unsubstantiated allegations against
various law enforcement officers in the course of his defence. Lastly, Lim had
a prior conviction for a wholly unrelated offence of corruption. These were
extremely critical distinguishing considerations which did not feature in the
**_Hassan_** ,**_William Fong_** and **_Royston Sim_** cases.  
  
Viewed in that manner, I was quite unable to accept the submission that the
sentence of two and a half years` imprisonment was unjustified and far in
excess of the facts and circumstances of the case.  
  
Mr Pillai had also cited **Yusof bin A Samad v PP** [2000] 4 SLR 58  where the
appellant, a former police corporal, was convicted after a trial, of 14 counts
of corruption under s 6(a) PCA for accepting gratification in return for
supplying confidential information pertaining to deceased persons and their
next-of-kin, which information he had obtained as a police hearse driver. He
was sentenced to nine months per charge, with the first two sentences to run
consecutively.  
  
In my view, that case was of marginal relevance due to its different factual
matrix. There the appellant provided confidential information to undertakers
to enable them to rapidly descend on the scene of the police case. While this
may have hindered sensitive police work in the process, it was quite unlike
Lim`s blatant and deliberate intention to assist illegal money-lenders to
escape criminal liability  
  
Disparity with sentence imposed on Mr Chua  
  
Mr Pillai next argued that the sentence imposed on Lim was seriously
disproportionate to the sentence of one and half years` imposed on the giver,
Chua. He cited the following commentary from **Sentencing Practice in the
Subordinate Courts** [2000] at p 602 in support:

> _The law makes the giver equally culpable as the receiver. However, not all
> givers are in the same category. Givers who act under some form of pressure
> or in a moment of fear to avoid a minor transgression of the law would not
> be treated with the same severity as acceptors who in most situations would
> be motivated by greed.**However, givers who intend to corrupt the
> establishment of law and order for private gain, or those who give or offer
> bribes to pervert the course of justice are generally treated with as much
> severity as the acceptors of the bribe**. [Emphasis added.]_

  
  
I would deal briefly with this submission, bearing in mind that the appeal by
Chua against the sentence imposed on him is still pending. In the first place,
there is no rigid or inflexible rule that the giver or acceptor of such bribes
be treated with equal severity. As I emphasized earlier, while consistency in
sentencing is desirable, the varying degrees of culpability and the unique
circumstances of each case play an equally, if not more important role. The
sentence imposed on the accomplice may also have been too high or too low. I
was thus not inclined to be fettered by the sentence which was imposed on
Chua.  
  
For the purposes of this appeal, it sufficed to say that there were
justifiable grounds for imposing a higher sentence on Lim. The aggravating
features which were unique to Lim have been highlighted above and would in
large part, explain the difference in the sentences imposed.  
  
Previous conviction  
  
Mr Pillai further contended that the district judge had placed excessive
weight on Lim`s previous conviction which was committed after the present
offence, in imposing a sentence which greatly exceeded the normal sentencing
tariffs. To recall, Lim was convicted in 1998 of a similar offence of
corruption which occurred on 9 March 1998; for which he was sentenced to three
months` imprisonment.  
  
There was little merit in this submission. It was clear from **Sim Yeow Seng v
PP** [1995] 3 SLR 44  at p 47D-E that:

> _**...a sentencing court should have regard to all of the accused`s
> antecedents up to the moment of sentencing because these antecedents reveal
> his character, his attitudes and the likelihood of rehabilitation. So long
> as previous convictions are shown to exist, therefore, it does not matter
> whether they were in respect of offences committed before or subsequent to
> the offence for which the court is considering sentence.** _

> _... All things being equal, the need to deter an accused from further
> gravitating towards such wrongdoing is basis enough for the sentencing court
> to enhance sentence to an appropriate degree; although, as I stated in**Boon
> Kiah Kin** , it should simultaneously be remembered that the accused is
> being punished solely for the offence before the court and any enhancement
> ought not to bring the sentence beyond the tariff applicable to the offence.
> [Emphasis added.]_

  
  
Lim`s previous conviction for an unrelated offence of corruption committed in
1998, revealed his propensity to corrupt means of self-enrichment and
correspondingly, a need to deter him from gravitating towards such wrong-
doing. Accordingly, the district judge was fully entitled to take his previous
conviction into account. Further, when one examined the district judge`s
decision in totality, it would have been readily apparent that the antecedent
was merely one of the factors considered by her when she assessed the
appropriate sentence. The more material considerations were the need for
deterrence and the presence of serious aggravating factors.  
  
It was certainly not a situation whereby the district judge relied excessively
on the previous conviction and in consequence, enhanced the sentence beyond
the tariff applicable to the offence. As explained above, I was quite unable
to accept Mr Pillai`s submission that the sentence imposed on Lim was greatly
in excess of the sentences imposed in other cases.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

In determining the appropriate sentence in any particular case, the court is
faced with a difficult and indefinable task. The sentencing judge has always
to examine the relevant facts most thoroughly as no two cases are exactly the
same. While I appreciate the sentencing practice in other cases where a
somewhat lower sentence was imposed, a degree of flexibility must be allowed
in order to meet the different considerations and factual matrix of each
particular case.  
  
Had the case been first heard before me, I may well have been inclined to
order a slightly lower term of imprisonment. An appellate court however, would
only interfere with the sentence imposed by the lower court based on the
principles in **Tan Koon Swan v PP** [1986] SLR 126  [1987] 2 MLJ 129 . In my
view, the sentence of two and a half years` imprisonment could hardly be
described as being manifestly excessive or unjust in all the circumstances of
the case. There being no error of principle on the part of the district judge,
there were really no grounds to justify a reduction of the sentence imposed on
Lim. Accordingly, I dismissed the appeal and upheld the sentence imposed by
the court below.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Feb 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

