Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Kian Wah Hung (Private) Limited v William Interior Design  
[2001] SGHC 332

Case Number | : | DCA 600007/2001, SIC 601839/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 November 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Patrick Chin (Chin Patrick, Dennis Loh) for the appellant/defendant; Gordon Oh (Ari, Goh & Partners) for the respondent/plaintiff   
Parties | : |  Kian Wah Hung (Private) Limited — William Interior Design   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

_**

BACKGROUND

**_1\. This action was commenced in the District Court by William Interior
Design (‘WID’) against Kian Wah Hung (Private) Limited (‘Kian Wah’).**_

_** 2\. The trial was concluded on 13 February 2001._**

**_ 3\. Kian Wah filed a Notice of Appeal on 24 February 2001.**_

_** 4\. The Counsel acting for Kian Wah, Mr Patrick Chin, when he was in
Patrick Chin, Syn & Co and then in Tan Loh & Wong, carried on his practice
under the name of Chin Patrick, Dennis Loh & Co with effect from 1 July 2001.

5\. By a notice dated 11 July 2001, Kian Wah’s solicitors were notified by the
Registrar of the Subordinate Courts (‘the Registrar’) that the Record of
Proceedings had been compiled and were available for collection.

6\. The notice was received by Kian Wah’s solicitors on 13 July 2001.

7\. Under O 55C r 6(1) of the Rules of Court, Kian Wah was required to file
two copies of the Record of Appeal and two copies of the Appellant’s Case
within one month after service of the notice from the Registrar. Therefore
this was to be done by 13 August 2001.

8\. On 10 August 2001, Mr Chin filed an application for leave for Kian Wah to
file the Record of Appeal and Appellant’s Case out of time.

9\. The application came on for hearing before me on 24 August 2001. It was
adjourned for one week to allow Mr Chin to do further research on the law.

10\. On 31 August 2001, Mr Chin was not present. Accordingly, I adjourned the
application to a date to be fixed.

11\. The application was then fixed for hearing on 12 September 2001. After
hearing arguments, I dismissed the application with costs.

12\. Kian Wah has appealed against my decision._****_

  
REASONS FOR APPLICATION

13\. In his supporting affidavit, Mr Chin said:_**

**_

‘1. ….  
2\. ….  
3\. ….  
4\. ….  
5\. ….

6\. The last day for filing and lodging the same I believe is today [i.e 10
August 2001].

7\. ….  
8\. ….  
9\. ….  
10\. ….  
11\. ….

12\. I did just on the 1st July 2001 commence practise under the style and
name of Chin Patrick, Dennis Loh & Co. There were various administrative
upheavals which had been going on in my offices. I have as such been quite
tied down with both legal and administrative matters.

13\. As such in all of this I had mistakenly believed at all times that the
date of the last letter from the Registry was dated 22nd July 2001 instead of
the actual date of 11th July 2001.

14\. This omission in (_sic_) due wholly to my mistake for which I most humbly
and profusely apologise to this honourable Court.

15\. I believe that there are grounds in law and fact, which may be raised in
the appeal of this matter.

16\. I also believe that the matters raised will have significant bearing in
the area of the law of sale of goods.

17\. I most respectfully wish to say that the Appellants/Defendants should not
be penalized for my mistake for which I once again apologise unreservedly.

18\. The Appellants/Defendants have properly lodged their Notice of Appeal and
are intent in proceeding with their appeal. Security for costs of the appeal
have also been lodged with the Accountant General.

19\. ….

20\. I shall endeavour to be more careful and less remiss in future.

21\. I undertake to pay the costs of this application. I therefore humbly ask
for an order in terms of the Appellants/Defendants application.’

_**

  
The Law

**_

14\. In _Hau Khee Wee & anor v Chua Kian Tong & anor _[1986] SLR 484 the
appellants had filed the Notice of Appeal in time but not the Record of
Appeal.

15\. Chan Sek Keong JC (as he then was) said that the factors to be taken into
account in an application for extension of time to file a Notice of Appeal
are:

(1) the length of the delay;

(2) the reasons for the delay;

(3) the chances of the appeal succeeding if time for appealing is extended;
and

(4) the degree of prejudice to the would be respondent if the application is
granted.

16\. I would emphasize that although these factors were stated in relation to
the question of extending time to file a Notice of Appeal, the facts in that
case were that the Notice of Appeal had been filed on time and it was the
Record of Appeal that had not been filed on time.

17\. Accordingly, these factors would also apply to a situation where the
Notice of Appeal was filed on time but not the Record of Appeal, as was the
case before me.

18\. In _Pearson v Chen Chien Wen Edwin_ [1999] 1 SLR 212, the Notice of
Appeal was not filed on time due to a bona fide mistake made by the
appellant’s solicitors in the computation of time.

19\. Chief Justice Yong Pung How, delivering the judgment of the Court of
Appeal, adopted the factors stated in _Hau Khee Wee’s_ case as a framework in
the exercise of the court’s discretion to extend time.

20\. Chief Justice Yong also said that when an application is made for an
extension of time (to appeal out of time) the application should be on grounds
sufficient to persuade the court to show sympathy and on the facts in that
case, no such grounds had been shown.

21\. In _Vettath v Vettath_ [1992] 1 SLR 1, an application was made to file a
Notice of Appeal out of time. It was not filed on time due to some confusion
which arose as to which solicitor for the appellant, should file the Notice of
Appeal. Chief Justice Yong reiterated what he had said in _Pearson’s_ case
about sufficient grounds having to be shown to persuade the court to show
sympathy to the applicant.

22\. In _Bank of India v Rai Bahadur Singh & Anor_ [1993] 2 SLR 592, the
Record of Appeal had been filed on time but this had not been served on time
due to an inadvertent oversight on the part of a clerk of the appellant’s
solicitors.

23\. Judith Prakash JC (as she then was) noted that the grounds for an
extension of time must be sufficient to persuade the court to show sympathy to
the applicant, citing _Pearson’s_ case.

24\. As for the four factors laid down in _Hau Khee Wee’s_ case, she said, at
p 597F to 598A:

‘The respondents submitted that in exercising my discretion I should take into
account the factors laid down by Chan Sek Keong JC (as he then was) in _Hau
Khee Wee & Anor v Chua Kiang Tong & Anor_. These factors are:

(1) length of delay;  
(2) reasons for delay;  
(3) chances of the appeal succeeding if time for appealing is extended; and  
(4) the degree of prejudice to the would-be respondent if the application is
granted.

As is evident from the third factor expounded above, these factors are factors
to be considered when an applicant wants leave to appeal after the time
limited for appealing has expired. That is a different and more complex
situation than the one I was faced with. In that situation the judgment would
have become final in favour of the successful party and he would, in a sense,
have had an accrued right which he would be deprived of if the application
were allowed.

In the present case, the appellants had exercised their rights of appeal
within time. No right had accrued to the respondents in the sense used above.
Accordingly I did not consider it appropriate for me to look into the chances
of the appeal succeeding. In my view, the relevant factors for my
consideration were the length of the delay, the reasons for the delay and the
prejudice, if any, which granting the application would cause the
respondents.’

25\. The facts in the _Bank of India_ case were not identical to those before
me. In that case, the Record of Appeal was filed on time but was not served on
time. However, I would add that there should be no difference in the factors
applicable between the late filing and the late service of the Record of
Appeal.

26\. In the case before me, the Record of Appeal (and the Appellant’s Case)
had not been filed on time. As I have said, the facts before me are similar to
those in _Hau Khee Wee’s_ case. The decision in the _Bank of India_ case
appears inconsistent with that in _Hau Khee Wee’s_ case.

27\. I was of the view that I should not adopt the approach in the _Bank of
India_ case.

28\. Where a Notice of Appeal is filed and served on time but the Record of
Appeal is not filed or served on time, the appeal will be deemed to be
withdrawn under O 55D r 6(5) unless extension of time is granted.

29\. Accordingly the judgment in favour of the respondent would likewise have
become final as though the Notice of Appeal had not been filed or served on
time. The respondent would have an accrued right which he would be deprived of
if the application for extension of time were to be allowed.

30\. Therefore, I see no valid reason to have different applicable factors for
the late filing or service of the Notice of Appeal and the late filing or
service of the Record of Appeal.

31\. In _Nomura Regionalisation Venture Fund Ltd v Ethical Investments Ltd_
[2000] 2 SLR 686, the Notice of Appeal was filed on time but due to a mistake
by a staff, it was served on the previous solicitors for the appellant rather
than on the solicitors for the respondent.

32\. Lai Siu Chiu J decided that the factors, as enunciated in _Hau Khee
Wee’s_ case, equally applied to an application to extend time to serve a
notice of appeal filed within time. This was because an appeal only comes into
being where the Notice of Appeal was both filed and served.

33\. In the Court of Appeal [2000] 4 SLR 46, these same factors were upheld.
In other words, there is no distinction between the filing and the service of
a Notice of Appeal.

34\. As for a mistake by a solicitor or his staff, Chao Hick Tin JA,
delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal said, at para 28:

‘28 We agreed with Lai Siu Chiu J that there is no absolute rule of law which
prescribes that an error on the part of a solicitor or his staff can never,
under any circumstances, be a sufficient ground to grant an extension of time
to file a notice of appeal. Having said that, we do not think it is possible
to lay down any hard and fast rules as to the circumstances under which a
mistake or error on the part of the solicitor or his staff would be held to be
sufficient to persuade the court to show sympathy to the application. It is
the overall picture that emerges to the court that would be determinative.
However, a mistake, even bona fide, is only one factor in the overall
consideration. Such a mistake per se may not be sufficient to enable the court
to exercise its discretion in favour of an extension. As illustrations, and no
more, we note that two aspects which seem to have considerable bearing in the
court’s consideration in _Gatti v Shoosmith_ and _Palata Investment v Burt &
Sinfield_ to grant extension were (i) the fact that in each of those two
cases, notice within the prescribed time was given to the other side that an
appeal would be taken and (ii) the mistake was understandable and not gross.
But this is not to say that only where such a notice was given that a blunder
by the solicitor or his staff would be viewed sympathetically. There could
well be other circumstances. Thus, if there is anything in the High Court
decision in _Stansfield Business International Pte Ltd v Vithya Sri Sumathis_
[1999] 3 SLR 239 which could be read to suggest, although it did not expressly
so state, that an error on the part of a solicitor absolutely bars any relief,
it is not correct. The decision in _Stansfield Business International_ to
refuse an extension of time could well be justified as it was a case of
oversight simpliciter, with no other extenuating circumstances, although the
merits of the case were strong.’

35\. In the case before me, the respondent was aware that an appeal would be
taken as the Notice of Appeal was filed and served on time. This, however, is
only one of the circumstances to be considered and the decision of the Court
of Appeal in the _Nomura_ case does not mean that an extension of time will
invariably be granted just because the respondent is aware that an appeal
would be taken.

36\. I will now come to the four factors.

_**

  
The length of the delay

**_

37\. Although the application was filed before the expiry of the dead-line to
file and serve the Record of Appeal and the Appellant’s Case (‘the
Documents’), the application did not state how long Mr Chin would require to
file and serve the Documents.

38\. His supporting affidavit also did not disclose this.

39\. In his submission, Mr Chin used the date of the hearing before me, i.e 12
September 2001 as the guide and said the length of delay was about one month.
That was not correct because there was no indication that the Documents had
been prepared by then. He would still need more time to prepare them but he
gave no indication to me as to how much more time he needed.

40\. Accordingly, the length of the delay would be more than one month.

_**

  
The reasons for the delay

**_

41\. As is evident from Mr Chin’s affidavit, he had mis-read the date on the
Registrar’s Notice and hence mis-construed the dead-line by which he was
required to file and serve the Documents.

42\. It was not clear to me how much the upheavals in the continuation of his
practice under a new firm from 1 July 2001 had contributed to the mis-reading
of the date on the Registrar’s notice.

_**

  
The chances of the appeal succeeding

**_

43\. Mr Chin’s affidavit was sorely lacking on this point.

44\. The affidavit did not disclose:

(a) the cause of action or defence  
(b) the subject matter of the dispute  
(c) the amount or value of the subject matter in dispute  
(d) the grounds of law and fact which he said ‘may be raised in the appeal ….’  
(e) the ‘significant bearing in the area of the law of sale of goods’ that he
had alluded to.

45\. I would add that even if the chances of the appeal succeeding should not
be considered, an affidavit seeking an extension of time should disclose, at
the very least, the matters I have stated in para (a) to (c) above for the
court’s information.

_**

  
The degree of prejudice if the application is granted

**_

46\. No such prejudice was alleged by Counsel for the respondent.

_**

  
Order 55D rules 5(3) and (4)

**_

47\. I should also mention a point taken by Mr Chin during submissions before
me, although he did not press it very much.

48\. The one month time frame to file and serve the Documents under O 55D r
6(1) runs from the date of service of the Registrar’s notice referred to in r
5(3).

49\. Under r 5(3), that Notice is to state that a copy of the Record of
Proceedings is available, whereupon the prescribed fee (stated therein) is to
be paid.

50\. Under r 5(4), the Record of Proceedings shall consist of a certified copy
of various documents. These are:

(a) the judgment or grounds of judgment or order (if any), and  
(b) the notes of evidence, including the affidavits of evidence in chief
(‘AEICs’) taken at the hearing of the case or matter.

51\. Mr Chin said that the Record of Proceedings did not contain a certified
copy of the AEICs and this was an irregularity. As the proper procedure under
r 5(3) (read with r 5(4)) had not been complied with, the appellant should be
granted the extension of time sought.

52\. In my view, although r 5(4) states that the Record of Proceedings shall
consist of a certified copy of the AEICs, the omission to include the same did
not nullify the Registrar’s Notice relating thereto, see O 2 r 1(1). Indeed,
Mr Chin did not argue on the basis of nullity but irregularity.

53\. The question was whether an extension of time should be granted in view
of the irregularity.

54\. It was not in dispute that the practice of the Registrar when giving such
a Notice is not to include a certified copy of the AEICs. This is because the
parties already have a copy of the AEICs. Secondly, to include a certified
copy of the AEICs, which can be voluminous, may increase the fee to be paid by
an appellant.

55\. Furthermore, Mr Chin did not suggest that the omission had in any way
prejudiced him in the preparation of the Documents. He also accepted that he
did not ask for a certified copy of the AEICs from the Registrar.

56\. Accordingly, the omission did not assist the applicant in seeking an
extension of time.

_**

  
Conclusion

**_

57\. In the circumstances, notwithstanding that the application for an
extension of time was made before 13 August 2001 and notwithstanding the
candour of Mr Chin in attributing the blame solely to himself, I was not
persuaded to show sympathy to the applicant.

58\. While it is true that the applicant will be denied the avenue of an
appeal, such an argument can never be sufficient per se to persuade a court to
grant sympathy, otherwise all applications for an extension of time in
relation to an appeal will succeed. Besides, the applicant is not denied all
avenues of recourse.

Sgd:

WOO BIH LI  
JUDICIAL COMMSSIONER

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Nov 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

