Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Soh Lip Hwa v Public Prosecutor  
[2001] SGHC 252

Case Number | : | MA 137/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 September 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tomas Ho Vei Liung (Chee & Teo) for the appellant; Ravneet Kaur (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Soh Lip Hwa — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Motion to adduce additional
evidence – When additional evidence may be adduced – Threefold test – s 257(1)
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Benchmark sentences –
Employment of immigration offender – Whether imprisonment of one year
manifestly excessive – When statutory minimum term of imprisonment applies –
Benchmark sentence where accused claims trial – s 57(1)(ii) Immigration Act
(Cap 133- 1997 Ed)  
  
Immigration – Employment – Employment of immigration offender – Actus reus –
Whether element of employment made out – Mens rea – Whether appellant knows
worker to be immigration offender – s 57(1)(e) Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997
Ed)  
  

: This was an appeal against the decision of District Judge Audrey Lim when
she convicted the appellant, Soh Lip Hwa (`Soh`), of an offence under s
57(1)(e) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Ed) for employing a China
national, Zhou Xi Qiu, who had entered Singapore without a valid pass. Soh was
sentenced to one year`s imprisonment. He appealed against his conviction and
sentence. I dismissed the appeal and now give my reasons.  
  
**_The charge_**

****

The charge against the appellant read as follows:

> _You, Soh Lip Hwa, Male/44 years, NRIC No. S2584327D, are charged that you,
> from a day in Jan 2000 till 8th day of March 2000, at various locations in
> Singapore, did employ one Zhou Xi Qiu [commat] Zhou Xi Qun, a China
> National, as general worker, whom you had reasonable grounds for believing
> to be a person who had acted in contravention of Section 6(1) of the
> Immigration Act; Chapter 133, by entering Singapore without being in
> possession of a Valid Pass issued by Controller of Immigration, Singapore,
> and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 57(1)(e) of the
> Immigration Act Chapter 133 and punishable under Section 57(1)(ii) of the
> said Act._

  
  
**_The undisputed facts_ **

****

On 8 March 2000, Sgt Koh Ah Seng was on patrol duty when he was despatched to
Block 749, Jurong West Street 73, [num ]12-143. He saw two China nationals,
namely, Huang Xin Hwa (`Huang`) and Zhou Xi Qiu (`Zhou`) working in that unit
which was under renovation at that time. They were unable to produce any
documents when requested and were arrested. They were subsequently charged in
court and convicted for being illegal immigrants.  
  
**_The prosecution`s case_**

****

Soh was employed as a supervisor in a company known as Tops and Hui Design &
Renovation (`Tops and Hui`), which was owned by one Ting See Sa Moi (`Ting`),
since July 1999 when the company was first set up.  
  
Soh`s job was to supervise the workers and the factory. According to Ting,
every minor detail in the factory was handled by him. Soh was in charge of the
workers and arranged for the workers to do their jobs at the project sites.
When there was a project, drawings would be faxed to Ting. Soh would then
arrange for the workers to go to the site and do all the measurements before
commencing work. Every week he would advise Ting as to how much to pay the
workers and she would withdraw the money from the bank for payment. If Ting
was unable to do so, Soh could also withdraw the money to pay the workers, as
Soh and Ting were joint signatories to the company`s bank account.  
  
Soh was given almost complete control over the assignments given to Ting`s
company. Soh had the authority to employ workers without Ting`s approval or
consent and he had done so previously. Ting did not raise any objections to
that as she thought he was more familiar with that line of work.  
  
In 1999, Soh brought two China nationals, namely Zhou and Huang, to see Ting
and asked her whether she wanted to employ them. Ting told him no, as her
company was very small. When Ting asked the two China nationals whether they
had work permits, Huang showed her a work permit. Zhou did not do so. Ting
claimed that she could not understand the contents of the work permit as she
did not know English. She testified that Soh had seen the work permit and told
her that the work permit was genuine. Ting told Huang that she had no work for
him at that time and that she would contact him if she had any work for him.
She made a copy of Huang`s work permit.  
  
Soh had informed Ting of a contract for cleaning works at Block 749, Jurong
West St 73, [num ]12-143. Soh was in charge of the work to be done in that
unit. As Ting was not free to attend to this herself, Soh told her that he
would send workers to do the job, and suggested sending Huang. Ting agreed to
it and told Soh he could send the person whose work permit she had photocopied
to do the work. Ting testified that she did not instruct Soh to employ Zhou.  
  
During the course of the investigations, two handphones were seized by
Investigating Officer SSgt Anan s/o Balakrishnan. One of the handphones was
seized from Zhou. That handphone, bearing the number 97870275, was registered
in the name of Soh and the phone bills were sent to Soh`s residential address.  
  
Ting testified that she had never purchased handphones for the company and had
never given any handphone to anyone in the company. She never requested Soh to
purchase handphones for the company. She also did not pay for Soh`s handphone
or his handphone bills. Neither did she pay for any handphones or handphone
bills for the workers.  
  
**_The defence_**

****

Soh testified that he was formally employed by Ting from May 2000. Prior to
that, he was employed by Home Shape Design and Construction (`Home Shape`),
which was a company owned by Ting`s husband, Ngu Ting Tieh (`Ngu`). Soh would
assist Ting whenever Ngu instructed him to do so.  
  
Soh`s evidence was that, as a supervisor, he had no authority to employ any
workers. His main job was to oversee the production line in the factory and he
never went down to project sites. He acted on Ting`s or Ngu`s instructions and
it was Ting, and not him, who was in charge of the day to day running of the
business in Tops and Hui. According to Soh, Ting had told him of the work to
be done at Block 749, Jurong West St 73, [num ]12-143. He testified that he
was not in charge of the work to be conducted in that unit and did not
supervise the workers for the project. However, he testified later that he had
instructed workers to go to the unit to do work upon Ngu`s or Ting`s orders.  
  
Soh got to know Zhou and Huang at a nearby canteen. One day both of them asked
him whether any general work was available. Soh told them that they could ask
Ngu at Home Shape. Soh brought them to see Ting and asked her whether she
would employ them. Soh said that he did not see Ting check any work permit and
was not aware whether she did so. However, he later testified that Ting told
him after checking the work permit that it was genuine.  
  
Soh`s defence was that it was Tops and Hui, and not he, who had employed Zhou
and that Soh had acted on Ting`s instructions in sending Zhou to do the work.
Zhou contacted Ting in the office to ask if there was any job for him. Ting
told Soh to inform Zhou that there was a job for him and to ask him to report
for work. Ting also paid $20 to him to be handed over to Zhou as Zhou`s salary
for the work to be done.  
  
Ting told Soh to apply for two handphone lines for the use of the company two
to three years prior to 2000. At that time, Ting was at Home Shape. The
handphone bearing the number 97870275 was the handphone that Home Shape
instructed him to purchase. He handed this handphone to Zhou. The handphone
was purchased for Home Shape, but the bill was sent to his residential
address. According to Soh, this was because he did not bring an authorisation
letter from Home Shape when he bought the handphone, but produced his identity
card instead. He handed the phone bills to Home Shape for reimbursement or
payment. He never asked Ngu whether he would pay or had paid the bills.  
  
**_The decision below_**

****

The judge accepted Ting`s testimony that she had left Soh to supervise the
work at the factory and on-site and to deploy and supervise workers. Ting`s
testimony that Soh had the authority to hire workers without Ting`s consent
was also accepted by the judge.  
  
The judge found that Soh had brought Zhou and Huang to see her for employment.
It was also found that Ting had asked to look at their work permits, and Huang
produced one to Soh, who remarked that it was genuine and handed it to Ting.
The judge believed Ting`s testimony that she had agreed to Soh`s suggestion in
deploying Huang to do the cleaning work at the flat, as Huang had a work
permit. Further, it was found by the judge that Ting never gave Soh permission
to employ Zhou.  
  
The judge found that there was clear indicia of employment by Soh. Firstly, in
Soh`s long statement he admitted that he had informed Zhou that there was a
job for him and asked him to come to work. Soh also demonstrated the work to
Zhou and told him that he could return in one or two days. When Zhou returned,
Soh directed him to do the cleaning work and gave him the address. The judge
preferred Soh`s evidence in his long statement to his testimony in court,
where he claimed that he had done all those things on Ting`s orders. Secondly,
Soh handed Zhou his salary of $20 per day. Thirdly, Soh gave Zhou a handphone
registered in Soh`s name to contact him for work. The judge also found Soh to
be an inconsistent, evasive and untruthful witness. For instance, Soh`s
evidence was that he did not know that Zhou and Huang produced their work
permits to Ting and he did not see Ting check their work permits. However, he
later testified that Ting told him that the work permits were genuine. Under
such circumstances, Soh must have known that Ting had checked their work
permits. Another discrepancy noted by the trial judge was that Soh testified
that he did not supervise workers or go to project sites and he only worked in
the factory, but he also testified that he did instruct workers to go to the
unit at Blk 749 upon Ting`s or Ngu`s instructions. Yet another inconsistency
was that Soh kept referring to Ting as his boss during the trial and as his
employer in the long statement, but he kept denying that he was employed by
Ting at the material time. He maintained that his employer was Ngu at that
time, but Ngu was never mentioned in his long statement as his employer. The
judge rejected Soh`s explanation that he regarded Ting as his employer when
the statement was recorded, because he was then working for Ting, and thus did
not mention Ngu as his boss. The judge held that it was inconceivable how Soh
could have forgotten to mention Ngu, if Ngu had been involved in any way.  
  
Accordingly the judge was satisfied beyond reasonable doubt that Soh had
employed Zhou at the material time and Soh was convicted. The judge imposed a
sentence of one year`s imprisonment, taking into consideration the recent
decisions of **Hameed Sultan Raffic v PP** (Unreported) , **Tan Soon Meng v
PP** (Unreported) and **Ang Jwee Herng v PP** [2001] 2 SLR 474 .  
  
**_The motion to adduce additional evidence_**

****

Counsel for Soh applied, by way of CrM 24/2001, for leave to adduce the
following documents as additional evidence:

(1) a faxed copy of Zhou Xi Qiu`s marriage certificate showing his marriage to
one Lin Ming Qin on 6 June 1990;

(2) a faxed copy of a letter from the Singapore Immigration & Registration
(SIR) dated 12 February 2000 addressed to Ting See Sa Moi regarding an
application for a one-month social visit pass for one Lin Ming Qin;

(3) a copy of the original letter from the SIR dated 12 February 2000 to Ting
See Sa Moi regarding an application for a one-month social visit pass for one
Lin Ming Qin;

(4) a notarial certificate dated 18 June 2001 certifying the marriage of Zhou
Xi Qiu to Lin Ming Qin on 6 June 1990;

(5) a notarial certificate dated 18 June 2001 certifying the identity of Zhou
Xi Qiu;

(6) a notarial certificate dated 18 June 2001 certifying the identity of Lin
Ming Qin;

(7) a copy of the DHL envelope cum shipment airway bill dated 27 May 2001;

(8) a copy of the DHL envelope cum shipment airway bill dated 20 June 2001.  
  
The applicable provision in the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) is s 257(1)
which reads as follows:

> _In dealing with any appeal under this Chapter, the High Court, if it thinks
> additional evidence is necessary, may either take such evidence itself or
> direct it to be taken by a District Court or a Magistrate`s Court._

  
  
The principles in determining whether additional evidence is `necessary` were
laid down in **Juma`at bin Samad v PP** [1993] 3 SLR 338  at 343, which
adopted the test in **Ladd v Marshall** [1954] 3 All ER 745:

> _[F]irst it must be shown that the evidence could not have been obtained
> with reasonable diligence for use at the trial; second, the evidence must be
> such that, if given it would probably have an important influence on the
> result of the case, although it need not be decisive; third, the evidence
> must be such as is presumably to be believed, or in other words, it must be
> apparently credible, although it need not be incontrovertible._

  
  
This threefold test of non-availability, relevance and reliability has been
applied in the recent cases of **Chia Kah Boon v PP** [1999] 4 SLR 72 , **Lee
Yuen Hong v PP** [2000] 2 SLR 339  and **Selvarajan James v PP** [2000] 3 SLR
750 .  
  
**(1)THE EVIDENCE COULD NOT HAVE BEEN OBTAINED WITH REASONABLE DILIGENCE FOR
USE AT THE TRIAL**

In my view, the first condition was satisfied. There was no evidence to
suggest that Soh knew at the time of the trial that Ting had helped Zhou`s
wife apply for a social visit pass. It was also reasonable for Soh not to have
suspected at the time of the trial that Ting had done so, as no evidence had
been adduced to show that Ting had revealed this fact to anyone prior to the
trial.  
  
Soh might have known of the application if he had managed to contact Zhou
before the trial. Soh had handed Zhou a handphone so that Soh could contact
him if there was any work for him. Prior to the trial, Soh had attempted to
contact Zhou by calling the phone numbers in China, as reflected on the
handphone bills. In my view, this amounted to the exercise of reasonable
diligence, but Soh was not able to contact Zhou prior to the trial and was
thus unable to obtain evidence of the application.  
  
**(2)THE EVIDENCE MUST BE SUCH THAT, IF GIVEN, IT WOULD PROBABLY HAVE AN
IMPORTANT INFLUENCE ON THE RESULT OF THE CASE, ALTHOUGH IT NEED NOT BE
DECISIVE**

Counsel for Soh submitted that the letter from the SIR addressed to Ting
regarding an application for a social visit pass for Zhou`s wife indicated a
closer relationship between Ting and Zhou, and their relationship was not
limited to a mere acquaintanceship that was formed when Soh brought Zhou and
Huang to see Ting. It was contended that this showed that Ting had been less
than truthful during the trial. It was also submitted that in such
circumstances it would be more likely that Zhou would have approached Ting
rather than Soh for employment and it was Ting who subsequently employed Zhou.  
  
I was of the opinion that the evidence in this case was sufficiently strong to
prove that Soh employed Zhou. Ting, being the local sponsor, was required to
declare her relationship with Zhou`s wife in the form for the application for
a social visit pass. No evidence was adduced as to what was the relationship
that Ting declared in the form. The fact that Ting had made an application for
a social visit pass for Zhou`s wife might suggest that the relationship
between Ting and Zhou was more than a mere acquaintanceship. Nevertheless, the
possibility of a closer relationship between Ting and Zhou would not have an
important influence on the result of the case, as it was not sufficient to
show that Soh did not employ Zhou. Furthermore, the inference that Ting might
have employed Zhou due to their relationship being possibly more than an
acquaintanceship was not a strong one.  
  
The other documents, namely, the faxed copy of Zhou`s marriage certificate
showing his marriage to Lin Ming Qin, the notarial certificate certifying the
marriage of Zhou to his wife, the notarial certificates certifying the
identities of Zhou and his wife and the DHL envelopes cum shipment airway
bills, would also not have an important influence on the result of the case.  
  
Since the second condition was not satisfied, the motion should be dismissed.  
  
**_The appeal against conviction_**

****

The main issue in this case was whether Soh had in fact employed Zhou. Before
deciding on that issue, I dealt with defence counsel`s argument that the judge
had erred in fact when she accepted Ting`s testimony that Soh had the
authority to hire workers without her consent.  
  
Ting testified in court that Soh had the authority to employ workers without
her approval, as he was more familiar with this line. It was contended by
defence counsel that as far as foreign workers were concerned, only Ting would
have the authority to employ them. Counsel submitted that this was evidenced
by the fact that Ting would apply for work permits for her workers through her
agent and that Soh had seen it fit to bring Zhou and Huang to see Ting to ask
her whether she had jobs for them and whether she wanted to employ them. It
was submitted that the fact that Ting had told Huang that she had no job for
him at the moment and would contact him if she had any job for him also
implied that only Ting had the authority to hire foreign workers.  
  
It is well settled that an appellate court would not readily disturb the trial
judge`s finding of fact. In **Lim Ah Poh v PP** [1992] 1 SLR 713 , it was held
that:

> _An appellate court will not disturb findings of fact unless they are
> clearly reached against the weight of the evidence. In examining the
> evidence, an appellate court has always to bear in mind that it has neither
> seen nor heard the witnesses and has to pay due regard to the trial judges`
> findings and their reasons therefor._

  
  
This principle has been applied by the Court of Appeal in several recent
cases: **Sundara Moorthy Lankatharan v PP** [1997] 3 SLR 464 ; **Abdul Ra`uf
bin Abdul Rahman v PP** [2000] 1 SLR 683 .  
  
In my view, this finding of fact was not reached against the weight of the
evidence. Ting testified that she and Soh were joint signatories to the bank
account of Tops and Hui from which Soh was able to withdraw money to pay the
workers and other expenses. In addition, she stated that Soh was able to tell
how much each worker was worth according to their craftsmanship and would
advise her how much to pay the workers every week. In my view, these facts
showed the trust that Ting had in Soh and the extent of Soh`s responsibility
in Tops and Hui.  
  
Counsel for Soh submitted that, in giving such testimony, Ting was trying to
distance herself from the employment of Zhou and to shift all responsibility
to Soh. However, it must be noted that Soh did not dispute the fact that he
held a joint account with Ting, that he was able to withdraw money from the
account to pay the workers and that he determined the salaries of the workers.
Ting`s testimony that Soh had the authority to hire workers without her
consent was consistent with the extent of trust and responsibility conferred
on Soh. Accordingly there was no reason to overturn the judge`s finding of
fact in the present case.  
  
In any event, even if the judge was wrong in finding that Soh had the
authority to employ workers without Ting`s consent, I was of the view that Soh
would still be guilty of the charge if he had in fact employed Zhou, even
though he had no general authority to hire workers.  
  
**(1)WHETHER SOH EMPLOYED ZHOU ON THE FACTS OF THE PRESENT CASE**

Section 57(1)(e) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Ed) (`the Act`) reads:

> _
>
> (1) Any person who -
>
> (e) employs any person who has acted in contravention of section 6 (1), 15
> or 36 or the regulations;
>
> shall be guilty of an offence and -
>
> (ii) subject to section (1A), in the case of an offence under paragraph (b),
> (d) or (e), shall be punished with imprisonment for a term of not less than
> 6 months and not more than 2 years and shall also be liable to a fine not
> exceeding $6,000.
>
> _

  
  
`Employ` is defined in s 2 as:

> _"employ" means to engage or use the service of any person, whether under a
> contract of service or otherwise, with or without remuneration._

  
  
This definition came into effect on 1 March 1996.  
  
As I noted in **Tamilkodi s/o Pompayan v PP** [1999] 1 SLR 702 , under the
amended definition of `employ`, in s 2 of the Act, there was no longer a
requirement that the prosecution must prove the existence of a contract of
service or any payment before the alleged employer could be charged under s
57(1)(e) of the Act. In **PP v Heng Siak Kwang** [1996] 2 SLR 274  it was held
that the manner of remuneration and control over the workers would often be of
great significance in deciding whether there was an employment relationship
between the parties. **_Heng Siak Kwang_** dealt with the definition of
`employ` before the amendment in 1996. Nevertheless the manner of remuneration
and the degree of control of the workers continue to be two significant
considerations in determining the existence of an employment relationship:
**Ramli bin Daud v PP** [1996] 3 SLR 225 ; **Lee Boon Leong Joseph v PP**
[1997] 1 SLR 445 ; **_Tamilkodi s/o Pompayan v PP_**. However, these are not
the only considerations which the court will take cognizance of when
determining the existence of an employment relationship.  
  
In the present case, there was evidence that Soh had control over Zhou. In the
long statement, Soh stated as follows:

> _A few days later,**the male China national (Zhou) contacted me and asked me
> if there is any job for him. I told him that there is and asked him to come
> for work** ...**On his arrival, I demonstrated to him how to do the work. I
> also told him that he could come for work one or two days later** ... After
> two days, the male China national (Zhou) came to the company. **I then gave
> the address of a unit and told him to go there to do the cleaning works in a
> taxi**. I also told him that the keys to the unit would be above the meter
> reading box. [Emphasis is added.]_

  
  
In court, Soh admitted that he had made the above statement. However, Soh
sought to qualify his statement by saying that Zhou called Ting in the office,
and not him, and that Ting told him to inform Zhou that there was a job for
Zhou and to ask him to come to work. When Soh was asked during cross-
examination to explain why he had omitted to mention that it was Ting who had
instructed him to ask Zhou to come to work, he claimed that he was very tense
when he was in the police station.  
  
The judge rejected Soh`s qualification, as it was never once mentioned in his
long statement. She held that it was implausible for him not to mention that
he had done everything on Ting`s instructions because he was very tense, since
he was able to give a very detailed account of how he had met Zhou and dealt
with him, and had even mentioned Ting`s name. It was also held that it was
inconceivable that he could have omitted such a material fact, namely, that it
was Ting and not him, who had employed Zhou, if that was indeed the case.  
  
On appeal, defence counsel submitted that the judge was wrong in accepting
Ting`s testimony that she never gave Soh permission to employ Zhou. It was
also contended that the judge had erred in fact when she disbelieved Soh`s
testimony at trial that all the instructions given to Zhou were upon Ting`s
orders. Counsel contended that Soh`s omission to mention in his long statement
that he had been acting on Ting`s instructions as regards Zhou ought not to be
taken against him, as direct and specific questions such as `Who employed
Zhou?` or `Did you employ Zhou? If not, who did?` were not posed to him.
Counsel also submitted that Soh was very tense when the statement was taken
and it was not unusual for an accused person to omit to mention certain
important facts in view of the pressures faced during police investigations.  
  
I was unable to accept this argument. As rightly held by the judge, if Ting
had in fact given instructions in asking Soh to inform Zhou that there was a
job for him and to ask him to come to work, it was very unlikely that Soh
would omit to mention that fact, given that he had mentioned Ting earlier in
the statement and given that this was an important fact. There was no need to
pose specific questions to elicit this fact if Ting had indeed been involved.
In my view, the judge`s finding that Ting never gave permission to employ Zhou
should be upheld. I was also satisfied that the judge was not wrong in
rejecting Soh`s qualification to his long statement at trial.  
  
Apart from Soh having control over Zhou, there was other evidence which gave
rise to the inference that Zhou was employed by Soh. Soh handed Zhou his
salary of $20 per day two to three times and had given Zhou a handphone
registered under Soh`s name so that it would be convenient for Soh to contact
him (Zhou) if there was any work. The phone bills were sent to Soh`s
residential address. Soh claimed that Home Shape had instructed him to
purchase the handphone and that the bills were paid by Home Shape. However, no
evidence was adduced to show that this was so. If the phone was indeed
purchased for Home Shape, it was unlikely that Soh would leave the billing
address as his residential address for one and a half years and not
subsequently change the billing address to that of the company. Furthermore,
if the bills were to be paid by Home Shape, it was unlikely that Soh would be
so unconcerned with whether unpaid portions of certain bills or amounts that
were overdue had been paid by Home Shape. It would be in his interest to see
that the bills were paid since he would be personally liable if payments were
not made.  
  
Accordingly, I was satisfied that the element of employment had been proved
beyond a reasonable doubt.  
  
**(2) MENS REA**

The offence under s 57(1)(e) is not one of strict liability. The prosecution
had the burden of establishing that Soh had the necessary mens rea, that is,
he knew or had reasonable grounds to believe that Zhou was an immigration
offender: **Assathamby s/o Karupiah v PP** [1998] 2 SLR 744 ; **_Tamilkodi s/o
Pompayan v PP_** (supra).  
  
In my view, Soh had the requisite mens rea for the offence. From the evidence,
Soh had gotten to know Zhou at a nearby canteen and he was aware that Zhou was
a China national. There was no evidence that Soh had checked Zhou`s passport
or work permit. Soh had not exercised any due diligence on Zhou`s immigration
status.  
  
**_The appeal against sentence_**

****

Counsel for Soh argued that the sentence of one year imposed by the court
below was manifestly excessive for the following reasons: Soh had completely
no part to play in Zhou`s illegal entry into Singapore; there could not have
been any profit motive on the part of Soh as he was not the boss of the
business; there was no evidence to suggest that Soh stood to gain or had
gained any advantage in having employed Zhou; Zhou was employed only on an ad
hoc basis; Soh did not give any assistance to Zhou to evade apprehension; only
one immigration offender was involved; there was no ill-treatment of the
person employed; Soh has no antecedents whatsoever whether of similar offences
or otherwise.  
  
Counsel for Soh also submitted that in determining the appropriate sentence to
be imposed on the accused, the court ought to take into consideration the
following mitigating factors: Soh was married with three children (ages 16, 14
and 12 years) and his wife was a housewife who was currently four months`
pregnant. He had set up his own business and was holding the post of
production manager. He was drawing a gross monthly salary of $5,000. Since
late 1992, Soh had been diagnosed with and had been treated for chronic
anxiety-depressive disorder.  
  
In the recent case of **_Hameed Sultan Raffic v PP_** (supra), the accused was
convicted after a trial for employing an immigration offender for about two
months. He was a first offender and was sentenced to seven months`
imprisonment. The accused unsuccessfully appealed against conviction and
sentence. His sentence was enhanced to 12 months` imprisonment on appeal. In
**_Tan Soon Meng v PP_** (supra), the accused was convicted after a trial for
employing an immigration offender for about six months. The accused, who had
three previous convictions for illegal employment under the Employment of
Foreign Workers Act, was sentenced to seven months` imprisonment. He initially
appealed against his conviction, but subsequently applied to withdraw his
appeal. Before the court acceded to his application, his sentence was enhanced
to 12 months` imprisonment.  
  
**_Tan Soon Meng_** was affirmed in **_Ang Jwee Herng v PP_** (supra) in which
the court reiterated that the benchmark sentence for employing illegal
immigrant workers was now one year, double that of the previously assumed
tariff of six months.  
  
In my view, the imposition of a minimum term of six months` imprisonment as
prescribed by s 57(1)(ii) of the Act was confined to cases where the accused
pleaded guilty to the charge. In cases where the accused was convicted after
trial, the benchmark sentence for employing illegal immigrants was one year`s
imprisonment.  
  
The impact of imprisonment on the offender`s family members is generally not
relevant in determining the appropriate sentence to be meted out. In** _Ang
Jwee Herng_** (supra), I held at [para ]78 that:

> _... the argument that an offender`s family members will suffer if the
> offender is incarcerated for a longer term is one often put forth in vain by
> defence counsel. The reason, as I explained in**Lai Oei Mui Jenny v PP**
> [1993] 3 SLR 305  is simply because imprisonment of the sole breadwinner
> inevitably causes hardship to the family. If the courts were to take such
> hardship into account in determining the appropriate sentence, then any
> punishment meted out would not be accurately reflective of the gravity of
> the offence and circumstance of the offender himself, but tempered with
> considerations of the extent to which his family would be prejudiced by it.
> The crux of the matter is that part of the price to pay for committing a
> crime is the hardship that would unavoidably be caused to the offender`s
> family. To put it bluntly, the appellant should have thought hard about
> these consequences before committing the offences in question. It is now too
> late in the day for him to regret the inescapable hardship which his own
> foolishness and greed will cause to his wife and children._

  
  
Accordingly, I did not think that the sentence was manifestly excessive and
the sentence ordered by the district court should be affirmed.  
  
**_Conclusion_**

****

For the reasons stated above, I denied the criminal motion and dismissed the
appeals against conviction and sentence.  
  
**Outcome:**

Motion denied; appeals dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Sep 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

