Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Dolah bin Omar  
[2001] SGHC 256

Case Number | : | CC 45/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 September 2001  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chan Wang Ho and Thong Chee Kun (Attorney-General&Acirc;’s Chambers) for the prosecution   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Dolah bin Omar   
  
Criminal Law – Special exceptions – Diminished responsibility – Whether
accused deserves compassion and leniency due to diminished mental culpability
– Whether life imprisonment appropriate – ss 84 & 300 Exception 7 Penal Code
(Cap 224)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Accused of unsound mind – Accused's mental
illness affecting perception of right and wrong – Accused aware of wrongful
nature of act – Difficulty in understanding court procedure or in instructing
counsel – Whether court should disregard plea of guilt  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Accused of unsound mind – Culpable
homicide not amounting to murder – Accused satisfying criteria for defence of
diminished responsibility – Accused suffering from chronic schizophrenia –
Accused's mental condition requiring constant psychiatric treatment and
supervision – Sentencing options and considerations – ss 304(a) & 314 Penal
Code (Cap 224)  
  

: The accused, aged 55, was charged and convicted for the offence of culpable
homicide not amounting to murder under s 304(a) of the Penal Code (Cap 224).
An offence under this section is punishable with imprisonment for life, or
imprisonment for a term, which may extend to ten years, and shall also be
liable to fine or caning.  
  
The accused, represented by Mr Ahmad Nizam, pleaded guilty and admitted the
facts set out in the statement of facts. On 20 January 2000 the accused
bludgeoned his 79-year-old uncle to death with a stool and then cut off the
deceased uncle`s genitals. The killing was utterly gruesome. After considering
the mitigation plea by Mr Nizam as well as the submission on sentence by the
Deputy Public Prosecutor Mr Chan, I sentenced the accused to a term of life
imprisonment. Although Mr Chan called for the imposition of life imprisonment
because of the repulsive nature of the offence, it was not on that basis that
I handed down the sentence.  
  
The accused was a patient of the Institute of Mental Health and has been
receiving outpatient treatment at the Tampines Psychiatric Outpatient Clinic.
A psychiatric report dated 24 February 2000 by Dr Tommy Tan, an Associate
Consultant Psychiatrist at the Woodbridge Hospital, which report was tendered
as part of the prosecution`s statement of facts, reveals the accused to be a
person with a history of `chronic schizophrenia` since the 1960s. He was
`markedly disabled socially and intellectually, unable to be gainfully
employed and dependent on his family`.  
  
The report went on to state that at the time of the offence the accused `was
suffering from an acute exacerbation of schizophrenia`. The psychiatrist
stated that the accused satisfied the criteria for the defence of `diminished
responsibility`. He said that the accused `has an abnormality of the mind, ie
a persecutory delusion, brought on by Schizophrenia [which] would have
substantially impaired his mental responsibility`.  
  
The defence of insanity was not raised. Mr Nizam declared that the accused did
not satisfy the insanity test under s 84 of the Penal Code. The psychiatric
report declared the accused fit to plead. It will be seen from the medical
evidence that the accused was clearly in need of constant psychiatric
treatment and supervision and that will continue for an indefinite period.
Although he was suffering from mental illness since the 1960s, this was the
only known incident of violence in his record of antecedents; but this episode
was manifested in an extreme form, and there is evidence that there is a
danger of recurrence if he does not undergo medical treatment. I have noted
the plea made by his family, through his counsel, that they have forgiven him
and do not hold him responsible for the crime.  
  
The medical evidence shows that the mental culpability of this accused was
substantially diminished. As such he deserves compassion and leniency, but
nonetheless I am of the view that the sentence of life imprisonment is the
appropriate sentence. The alternative was to sentence him to a fixed term of
imprisonment not exceeding ten years. That will enable the accused to return
to society after about seven years on account of good behaviour; but remains a
danger to himself and others. Finding the correct principle to apply in the
sentencing process in this case was, however, not a straightforward exercise.
If a man must be punished for what he has done, then the fact that his mental
culpability was diminished by reason of a mental illness ameliorates his crime
and the punishment ought to be reduced to the extent that he is not punished
beyond what he deserves. If medical treatment is not required (or in issue) a
long custodial sentence may not be appropriate in such a case. However, in the
present circumstances, I was unable to ignore the obvious desirability of
keeping the accused safe from himself, and others, from him. Dr Tommy Tan
wrote in a report dated 22 March 2000 that the accused `has Chronic
Schizophrenia, a major mental illness. He will need long-term medication. He
can be a danger to others and himself if he does not take medication.` A
person in this condition requires medical and psychiatric treatment as much as
the law may require his imprisonment; but there is no other suitable relief or
order that may be made under any of the relevant statutory provisions on the
facts before me.  
  
The two notable provisions under the Penal Code are s 84 and Exception 7 to s
300. They read as follows:

> _Section 84 - Nothing is an offence which is done by a person who, at the
> time of doing it, by reason of unsoundness of mind, is incapable of knowing
> the nature of the act, or that he is doing what is either wrong or contrary
> to law._

> _Exception 7 - Culpable homicide is not murder if the offender was suffering
> from such abnormality of mind (whether arising from a condition of arrested
> or retarded development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by disease
> or injury) as substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts
> and omissions in causing the death or being a party to causing the death._

  
  
These provisions were drafted at a time when psychiatric medicine was still in
a relative state of infancy, and could not adequately guide the framers of the
Code, who it appears from the overall scheme, initially intended to provide a
general excuse for criminal conduct on account of an unsoundness of mind which
eliminates any prescribed or implied mens rea of an offence, but subsequently
incorporated the specific Exception 7 provision to exclude a homicide from the
definition of murder if the accused was incapable of forming the requisite
intention by reason of `an abnormality of mind` without adjustment to s 84. No
connection or distinction was made between `unsoundness of mind` and
`abnormality of mind` nor of all the peripheral qualifications to those
crucial terms. The words of s 84 were adopted in form and substance from the
M`Naghten`s Rules themselves emanating from **M`Naghten`s Case** (Unreported)
(Unreported) . The English have long questioned the usefulness of those
enigmatic Rules. See: **_Royal Commission on Capital Punishment 1949-1953
Report_** , 90-116. The dearth of cases in Singapore in which s 84 has been
raised successfully as a defence is mute testimony consistent with the
conclusion of the Royal Commission.  
  
From the point of law, an accused found at trial to be of unsound mind within
the definition of s 84 at the time of the offence will be acquitted as
provided under s 314 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) (`CPC`). By s
315(1) of the CPC, that accused will then be ordered to `be kept in safe
custody in such place and manner as the court thinks fit and shall report the
case for the orders of the Minister`. The Minister may then order that person
to be `confined in a mental hospital, prison or other suitable place of safe
custody during the President`s pleasure`. On the other hand, a person found at
trial to be suffering from an abnormality of mind within the definition of
Exception 7 (introduced in England under the Homicide Act 1957) may not be
liable for murder but shall be found guilty of culpable homicide and be
sentenced accordingly. The distinction between `unsoundness of mind` and
`abnormality of mind` appears to be a legal one, hinging on the question
whether the accused was aware of the nature of his act, or that what he did
was wrong or contrary to law. Laying s 84 and Exception 7 in the same Code
invites the suggestion that mental disorders are categorized neatly into one
or the other, a suggestion which may mislead lawyers and doctors alike to
assume that that is what the law wants. The end of the trap is the obfuscation
of the simple fact that mental disorders are of different types and each has a
wide range in terms of the degree of affliction. The effect of the trap is
that the full facts of each case may not be adequately explored so as to
facilitate the inquiry whether the accused was not guilty by reason of
insanity, or guilty but not fully culpable, or guilty and fully culpable. In
the second case, a further inquiry is necessary to determine what is the
appropriate sentence of imprisonment since there is no fixed rule that a
person convicted of culpable homicide must invariably be sentenced to life
imprisonment.  
  
Often, if not invariably, when an accused pleads guilty to a charge of
culpable homicide not amounting to murder, he would have represented to his
counsel and the psychiatrist (and sometimes to the court) that he was aware of
the nature of his act and knew that what he did was wrong and contrary to law.
But what is the weight to be given to an admission made by a person diagnosed
to be suffering from an unsoundness or abnormality of mind such that his
judgment and perception are impaired? It is virtually an inverse situation of
Joseph Heller`s **_Catch-22_**. In that novel, there is a `regulation 22`
under which a pilot may only apply to be discharged from the air force on the
ground of insanity. However, the same regulation provided that if a pilot is
capable of making that application he shall be deemed to be sane. Mr Nazim
pleaded for the accused be confined in a mental institution as opposed to
being sentenced under s 304(a) of the Penal Code. But as I have stated above,
on the facts, this accused does not qualify to be acquitted on the ground of
unsoundness of mind and the only orders that I could make are those under s
304(a). Given the nature of his illness, the closest order to a long term
detention with medical rehabilitation would be, in my view, a sentence of life
imprisonment; but if I do not provide any sound basis why a person whose
mental capacity (for the commission of the offence charged) was diminished by
a chronic and serious mental illness should be punished to the maximum limit
provided under s 304(a) it is because there is none save the utilitarian one
that I have adopted for this case.  
  
There was no evidence in this case to suggest that although the accused had
stated that he knew the nature of his act, and that his action was wrong, his
admission ought, nonetheless, be disregarded because objective medical
diagnosis indicates that his perception of right and wrong had been warped by
his mental illness. There is only a hint of that in Dr Tan`s report of 24
February 2000 that I shall now refer to again. It was, of course, open to
counsel to ask that I reject the accused`s plea and proceed to trial; but Mr
Nizam was reluctant to do that - I say this not as a criticism in any way as I
do not know the details of his brief and instructions - neither was I inclined
to reject the plea on my own accord, even though on this score I had taken
into account the last sentence in Dr Tommy Tan`s report of 24 February 2000 at
p 2 in which he stated:

> _[The accused] is fit to plead. He understands that he has been charged with
> killing his uncle and the consequence of being found guilty. However, I
> urged his counsel to be patient with him. I also humbly ask the court to be
> patient with him. His chronic symptoms may cause him some difficulty in
> following court procedures and instructing counsel._

  
  
It is well acknowledged that difficulty in understanding court procedure or in
instructing counsel is not equated with the inability to understand the nature
of the act or that it was wrong and contrary to law. That the accused failed
to satisfy the criteria was fully borne out by the medical evidence and
submission of Mr Nizam. So, once again, the narrowness of s 84 has prevented a
possible candidate from passage. In my view, since the effect of an order
under s 314 of the CPC and a sentence of life imprisonment would be almost
similar in the present case I, therefore, accepted the accused`s plea of
guilty and for the reasons above, sentenced him to life imprisonment.  
  
**Outcome:**

Order accordingly.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Sep 2001 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

