Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Hendricks Glen Conleth  
[2002] SGHC 306

Case Number | : | MA 152/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 December 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hui Choon Kuen (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the appellant; Julian Tay (Lee & Lee) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Hendricks Glen Conleth   
  
Criminal Law – Elements of crime – Mens rea – Aiding and abetting commission
of offence – Whether knowledge of offence proven – Prevention of Corruption
Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) s 6(a) read with 29(a)  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

This was an appeal from the judgment of the learned district judge Hoo Sheau
Peng where she acquitted the respondent, Conleth, on a charge of abetting by
intentional aid, under s 6(a) read with s 29(a) of the Prevention of
Corruption Act, Cap 241 ("PCA"), one Madhavan s/o Rajagopal ("Madu") to commit
an offence under s 6(a) of the PCA. The s 6(a) offence committed by Madu was
to make and use false airline boarding passes in the smuggling of two people
into the USA in return for gratification. The DPP appealed against Conleth’s
acquittal. I dismissed the appeal and now give my reasons.

**

Facts

**

2 Madu was a Customer Services Officer ("CSO") with the Singapore Airport
Terminal Services Ltd ("SATS"). Conleth was a former CSO and colleague of
Madu, but had resigned in 1997\. Part of a CSO’s duties were to process
boarding passes for passengers in transit.

3 Sometime in late October 2000, Madu had approached Conleth for help in
smuggling people overseas. Madu promised him a sum of $4,500 for his help.
Conleth agreed as he was in need of money to settle his credit card bills.

4 On 1 November 2000, Conleth and Madu took a flight to Bangkok. On the
flight, Madu gave him some details. Conleth was told that they would be
helping to smuggle two people into the USA who did not have valid documents,
and that all four of them would be on the same flight. However, both Madu and
Conleth would disembark at Hong Kong, where there was a transit stop, from
where they would later return to Singapore.

5 According to the prosecution, the scheme for smuggling people into the USA
was that in return for money paid to him by one Khan, Madu would churn out two
fake boarding passes in his and Conleth’s name. They would then use these
passes to board a flight to the USA on which they were not listed as
passengers. The persons smuggled would be on the same flight. Madu and Conleth
would then disembark at a transit point and return to Singapore whilst the two
persons smuggled would continue to the USA. However, the details of this vague
scheme were not disclosed to Conleth, save for what was listed in the
preceding paragraph.

6 On 2 November 2000, they returned to Singapore from Bangkok on a night
flight. At Changi Airport, Madu told Conleth not to check out but to stay
within the transit area in Terminal 1. He was to wait for further instructions
and he eventually stayed overnight in the transit area.

7 According to Madu, he was handed two boarding passes by Khan on that day,
which were in the names of the persons to be smuggled. Since he and Conleth
were not listed on the flight, Madu then procured two blank boarding passes,
to which he had access as a SATS employee, and wrote their names on the passes
for the flight from Singapore to Hong Kong only. His actions here constituted
the s 6(a) PCA offence. All this was done in the absence of Conleth.

8 Madu and Conleth then entered the holding area. To enter, both Madu and
Conleth presented the bogus passes along with their passports so that the
documents would tally when checked. Madu then took the bogus pass back from
Conleth. For the second check before entering the holding area proper, Madu
then used the two boarding passes which he had gotten from Khan – this was
necessary since the check here was done against the passenger manifest for the
flight. Conleth had entered in front of Madu and did not see this. The two of
them then boarded the flight.

9 As planned, both of them disembarked in Hong Kong and waited for a day
before returning on 5 November 2000. Madu later paid Conleth $4,500 as
promised. Madu was subsequently charged and convicted on five counts of an
offence under s 6(a) PCA. He also pleaded guilty to a charge under the
Computer Misuse Act, Cap 50. He was sentenced to ten years imprisonment in
total.

**

The decision below

**

10 The district judge found that the only issue in dispute was the _mens rea_
of Conleth. She held that the offence of corruption in this case by Madu
involved him accepting gratification in return for churning out fake boarding
passes. She held that Conleth must be shown to have had knowledge of the
corrupt element, constituted by Madu’s acts, in order to be guilty of the
offence charged.

11 The district judge believed Conleth’s defence that he had had no knowledge
at all of Madu’s forgery of the boarding passes. She found that Conleth’s
intention was solely to aid Madu in smuggling people to the USA. In view of
the surrounding circumstances at the time, she found that it was reasonable
for Conleth not to have inquired further as to the details of the scheme. The
district judge also held that there was no reason for Conleth to suspect that
there was anything amiss with the boarding passes. Since the offence of
abetment by intentional aid required knowledge of the circumstances
constituting the offence abetted, she found that the prosecution had not
satisfied its burden of proof concerning Conleth’s _mens rea_ on the evidence
adduced. She accordingly acquitted Conleth.

**

The appeal

**

12 The only issue in this appeal was whether the judge below had erred in
finding that Colneth had not been proven to have possessed the _mens rea_ for
the offence.

13 The relevant parts of s 6(a) and s 29(a) PCA read:

> > 6(a) If any agent corruptly accepts or obtains, … from any person, for
> himself or for any other person, any gratification as an inducement or
> reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for having done or forborne to do,
> any act in relation to his principal’s affairs or business, or for showing
> or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any person in relation to his
> principal’s affairs or business; …he shall be guilty of an an offence…
>>

>> 29(a) Whoever abets, within the meaning of the Penal Code the commission of
an offence under this Act; … shall be deemed to have committed the offence and
shall be liable on conviction to be punished with the punishment provided for
that offence.

Further, s 107(c) of the Penal Code, Cap 224 provides:

> > A person abets the doing of a thing who intentionally aids, by any act or
> illegal omission, the doing of that thing.

14 The DPP pointed to the evidence that had been adduced against Conleth and
argued that it was an irresistible inference that Conleth must have known of
Madu’s actions, or, at the very least, have had knowledge that something was
amiss with the boarding passes. It was argued that this would have been
sufficient to found the _mens rea_ for the offence.

15 A list of the evidence against Conleth was set out by the DPP:

> > (i) He knew that Madu was a CSO and, being a former CSO, knew that Madu’s
> duties involved dealing with passengers checking in;
>>

>> (ii) he would further know that a CSO was able to generate boarding passes
at will;

>>

>> (iii) the district judge had found that he knew Madu would be paid for the
scheme, and Conleth himself was paid a large sum of money;

>>

>> (iv) the circumstances prior to the trip were suspicious – Conleth had to
wait in the transit area overnight and fly off immediately the next day, which
meant he never went through immigration, a fact he would have realised;

>>

>> (v) although he did not buy tickets nor checked in, Madu was able to appear
with his boarding pass;

>>

>> (vi) he knew that he was to help in smuggling people illegally; and

>>

>> (vii) he had seen the forged boarding pass with his name hand-written on it

16 I must confess at the outset that I was unable to see how the scheme as
disclosed could have effectively smuggled people into the USA. This was also a
mystery to all the parties involved, and the details adduced at the trial
below did not shed much light on the matter.

17 Furthermore, it was unhelpful to focus on the fact that Conleth knew, or
thought, that he was helping to smuggle people into the USA by his actions.
Involvement in the scheme itself did not give rise to criminal liability; what
should be focused on was the extent of his awareness of Madu’s actions. His
knowledge that he was involved was neither here nor there; for all intents and
purposes, all he had actually done here was to accept money in return for
accompanying a friend to board a plane to Hong Kong.

18 Turning to the question of whether the judge below had erred in her finding
that Conleth had had no knowledge of Madu’s actions, I found the burden on the
DPP in this instance to be a heavy one. In the proceedings below, the district
judge had made her finding not just on the basis of the evidence before her,
but also because she had _believed_ both Madu’s and Conleth’s evidence that
Conleth had had no knowledge of Madu’s actions. While not explicitly stated in
her grounds of decision, her decision on Conleth’s credibility must have
stemmed in part from her observation of his demeanour, since there was no
other objective evidence in support of his story. As held in _Ang Jwee Herng v
PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 474, an appellate court will be slow to overturn findings of
fact by the trial judge especially when an assessment of the credibility and
veracity of the witnesses has been made.

19 Having examined the evidence carefully, I found it could not be proven
beyond reasonable doubt that Conleth either knew or should have suspected both
that there was something improper about the boarding passes and that Madu had
brought this about with his powers as a CSO.

20 As the district judge had found, Conleth had had no details of the scheme
save what Madu had told him. Notably, nothing was mentioned about the boarding
passes. The scheme to smuggle was so murky that it cannot be said with
certainty that Conleth must have known or suspected that Madu had to breach
his duties by preparing false boarding passes as part of the scheme.

21 Similarly, the fact that Conleth had to spend the night in the transit area
did not lend weight to the inferences which this court was urged to draw. It
was also in evidence that Madu had taken Conleth’s passport and told him that
he would "settle everything" with regards to the flight to the USA; in such
circumstances, it was not at all improbable for Conleth to think that Madu had
legitimately bought tickets and checked in on the flight for both of them.

22 The strongest piece of evidence for the prosecution was the fact that
Conleth had seen the boarding pass with his name hand-written on it. However,
there was no evidence as to whether a boarding pass with a passenger name
hand-written on it would be considered unusual or wrong. It was entirely
possible that, because Conleth used to be a CSO, what would strike other
people as odd about the boarding pass would in fact seem normal to him. In
addition, it must be noted that Conleth was able to pass through the security
check using the fake said boarding pass without any problems.

23 In contrast, the district judge found Conleth’s defence believable since it
was entirely logical for him not to have known much about the scheme, save
that generally it was to smuggle people into the USA. There was no reason to
think, on the evidence, that Conleth would have had knowledge of Madu’s
corrupt activities.

24 In view of the above, I was of the opinion that while Conleth’s conduct in
this matter was thoroughly dishonest and reprehensible, the fact remained that
he had not been proven to have committed an offence punishable under our laws.
Moral culpability by itself is not a sufficient basis to found criminal
liability.

**

Conclusion

**

25 For the above reasons, I dismissed the appeal against acquittal.

**

** Sgd:**

** YONG PUNG HOW

Chief Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Dec 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

