Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Kwee Seng Chio Peter v Biogenics Sdn Bhd  
[2002] SGHC 298

Case Number | : | Suit 1079/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 December 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  R Chandra Mohan and Edric Pan (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiff; Danny Chua and Tan Hui Tsing (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for the defendants   
Parties | : | —  
  
Companies – Directors – Nominee director bound by knowledge of person for whom
he acts  
  
Companies – Directors – Powers – Director authorised to sign loan document in
absence of formal resolution – Whether board of directors' informal
acquiescence sufficient to vest authority in director to accept loan agreement
on behalf of company  
  
Contract – Formalities – Existence of agreement – Whether parties aware of
loan agreement  
  
Contract – Formalities – Whether loan agreement binding on defendant company  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. This was an action by the Plaintiff, Peter Kwee Seng Chio ("Kwee") against
the Defendants, Biogenics Sdn Bhd ("Biogenics") claiming the return of RM7
million remitted in three tranches pursuant to a Loan Agreement dated 16
August 2000. At the conclusion of a three-day trial on 15th, 16th and 18th
October 2002, I gave short reasons and allowed the Plaintiff’s claim together
with contractual interest and costs. The Defendants have on 15 November 2002
appealed against my decision. I now set out my reasons in full.

2\. It is the Plaintiff’s case that the terms of the loan are found in a Loan
Agreement dated 16 August 2000. The Defendants defaulted on the loan and hence
this action.

**

Early Negotiations

**

3\. It is necessary to mention in some detail the central role played by Ricky
Goh ("Goh") a former director of Grandlink Group Pte Ltd (now in liquidation)
and the background dealings between Goh and Kwee. Goh is now a bankrupt.

4\. At all material times, Goh was a director with a substantial interest in
Seng Hup Corporation Berhad ("Seng Hup"), a public company incorporated in
Malaysia. Seng Hup ran into serious financial difficulties and on 9 September
1999 was placed under Special Administrators appointed pursuant to the
Pengurusan Danaharta Nasional Berhad Act 1998. Consequently, Seng Hup’s
listing on the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange was suspended. Goh as "promoter"
emerged with a rescue plan or scheme to save and restructure Seng Hup. As a
"promoter", Goh was required to pay the Special Administrators a deposit of
RM2 million as a commitment to the scheme.

5\. Under this restructuring scheme, Goh was to "inject" an income-generating
property into Seng Hup to make it commercially viable and with a view to re-
listing the company on the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange. The target acquisition
was the Standard Chartered Bank Building at no. 2 Jalan Ampang, 50450, Kuala
Lumpur. It was said that Goh was able to secure the purchase of the Standard
Chartered Building ("the building") at a favorable price and then lease back
the building to the bank after completion of the sale and purchase. Seng Hup
would issue fresh shares to the Defendants in exchange for the building. With
the completion of the restructuring, Seng Hup shares were expected to be re-
listed and rise substantially in value.

6\. In the restructuring exercise, Goh was assisted by one Law Lee See
("Law"). Law was the managing director of Seng Hup. Biogenics, a shelf company
incorporated in Malaysia on 15 May 2000 was used by Goh as the vehicle for the
sole purpose of acquiring and holding the building. In July 2000, Goh
appointed Ang Bee Kiong ("Ang") and Liow Seng Kee ("Liow") as his nominee
directors and shareholders. They were the first directors of Biogenics and
each held one share, there being only two shares allotted at that time. Both
Ang and Liow were long-time employees who had worked for Goh in his restaurant
as kitchen help and cashier respectively. Both admitted that Biogenics was one
of the many companies controlled by Goh. Both also admitted that they were his
nominees and as such, were subject to the direction and control of Goh. At all
material times, Ang and Liow were also the nominee directors and shareholders
of Sentowana Sdn Bhd.

7\. In or about April 2000, Goh was introduced to Kwee by a long-time business
associate Andrew Quek ("Quek"). Goh invited Kwee to participate in the Seng
Hup restructuring scheme. A sum of RM7 million was required for the down
payment of the purchase, expenses for securing the purchase and security
deposit of RM2 million to the Special Administrators. Kwee met Law on several
occasions in the course of negotiations for the loan and thereafter in
connection with the purchase of the building. The building was purchased for
RM42 million. Quek who also testified that Law attended several meetings
leading to the conclusion of the loan corroborated Kwee’s evidence.

8\. Kwee agreed to lend Biogenics the RM7 million. The principal sum together
with interest thereon at 3% above the prime lending rate of one of the then
top four local banks in Singapore was to be repaid by 30 March 2001. For
providing the loan, Kwee would receive a 20% interest in Biogenics. The
remaining 80% stake would be distributed amongst Goh (60%), Quek (10%) and Law
(10%). Quek explained that 10% would be earmarked for Law for his efforts in
arranging and coordinating the purchase of the building and in the management
of the building. Quek would get 10% for his role as the middleman who brought
the parties together.

9\. As security for the loan and 20% stake in Biogenics, it was agreed with
Goh that Kwee would retain (i) all the original share certificates of the
Defendants and share transfer forms (Form 32A) executed in escrow; (ii)
directors’ resolutions for the appointment of additional directors and
approval for transfer of shares also executed in escrow and (iii) undated
letters of resignation from the two nominee directors. The loan was also
separately secured by a personal guarantee from Goh and Quek. On instructions
of Kwee, Lim Lian Kee ("Lim") of M/s Chong, Chia & Lim prepared the necessary
documentation.

**

The Defendants’ witness - Knowledge of the loan

**

10\. The Defendants called Law, Ang and Liow to testify on behalf of the
Defendants. All testified that they knew nothing about Kwee’s loan to
Biogenics. Having seen and heard the three of them in the witness box, I found
them to be unsatisfactory and unreliable witnesses. There were times when
their oral evidence contradicted their written statements and with each other.
Ang’s testimony also contradicted his affidavit filed in Order 14 proceedings.

11\. Overall, the objective facts in evidence discredit their testimony. The
contemporaneous documents showed that Law gave instructions to Kwee to remit
RM7 million in three tranches between August and October 2000. There were two
receipts issued to Kwee that plainly acknowledged the money as a loan to
Biogenics. The receipts were prepared on the instructions of Law and signed by
Ang. Sentowana Sdn Bhd issued two other receipts and they acknowledged that
the money remitted by Kwee was "for the account of Biogenics". The fifth
receipt is for the RM2 million security deposit for the restructuring scheme.
In addition to receipts, there were exchanges of correspondence that described
the loan of RM7 million as between Kwee and Biogenics.

12\. The provision of security in the factual matrix was consistent with the
structure of the entire transaction where the Defendants’ obligations as
borrowers were separately secured by individuals. Ang and Liow admitted to
signing the blank transfer forms, which together with the share certificates
were handed to Law. It was Law who couriered the share certificates and duly
signed blank transfer forms to the Plaintiff as security for the loan. Kwee
still has in his hands the two share certificates pledged to him as security.
Goh and Quek furnished additional security in the form of a personal guarantee
for the loan.

13\. Looking from their point of view, Law, Ang and Liow at best misunderstood
the situation. The other probability is that they manufactured their
recollections. Given the combined vested interest in disclaiming the loan, the
latter conclusion is in my view the more likely. Liow in his oral testimony
said that Goh who is a bankrupt "is on the run". He and Ang no longer regarded
themselves as Goh’s nominee. After Goh’s disappearance, the directors
appointed Law to handle the affairs of the company. When queried, " to whom
does the company now belong to?" Ang replied: "the three directors", meaning
himself, Liow and Saari bin Lajim who is Law’s nominee. In the witness box,
Law claimed a 40% stake in Biogenics. It is obvious that with Goh out of the
picture, Law, Ang and Liow stood to benefit from the multimillion-ringgit
building owned by Biogenics. The Plaintiff’s claim threatened to deprive them
of the windfall. It is reasonable to infer from all the objective facts in
evidence, and I so find, that Law, Ang and Liow were, at all material tines,
aware of the loan between Kwee and Biogenics.

14\. Should a different view be taken as to their knowledge of the loan, as a
matter of law, Ang and Liow as nominee directors would be imputed with the
knowledge of the loan transaction that Goh, their puppet master, possessed. If
a person allows himself to be a mere nominee of, and acts for another person,
without the exercise of his own discretion or volition, in utter disregard for
his duties as a director of the company, that nominee director must be bound
by the notice which the other person, for whom he acts, has of the nature of
the transaction. Such was held by Ungoed-Thomas J in _Selangor United Rubber
Estates Ltd v Cradock (No 3)_ [1968] 2 All ER 1073.

15\. In _Selangor United Rubber Estates Ltd_ , the defendant, Cradock, had
obtained a controlling interest in the shareholding of the plaintiff company
through improper use of the company’s own funds via two nominee directors
appointed by him to the company’s board. Soon afterwards, the company was
compulsorily wound up and the defendant left England. The Board of Trade
brought proceedings against the two nominee directors in the company’s name to
recover the sums improperly paid away. Finding the two directors liable for
misapplication of funds, being fixed by the court with knowledge of the
defendant’s improper purpose, Ungoed - Thomas J held:

> > "In Gray v Lewis [(1873) 8 Ch. App. 1035 at p.1056] Mellish LJ said: ‘If a
> person allows himself to be the mere nominee of, and acts for another
> person, he must be bound by the notice which that other person for whom he
> acts has of the nature of the transaction.’ [1094]
>>

>> ………..

> > In my view, a director acting in a transaction on the direction of a
> stranger is fixed with that stranger’s knowledge of the nature of the
> transaction. .. [1095]

> > ………

> > They exercised no discretion or volition of their own and behaved in utter
> disregard of their duties as directors to the general body of stockholders
> or creditors or anyone but Mr. Cradock. They put themselves in his hands,
> not as their agent or adviser, but as their controller. They were puppets
> which had no movement apart from the strings and those strings were
> manipulated by Mr. Cradock. They were voices without any mind but that of
> Mr. Cradock; and with that mind they are fixed in accordance with the view
> which I have already expressed on the law. .." [1123]

**

The Defendants’ case

**

(i) _Loan to Biogenics was from Goh_

16\. It is the Defendants’ pleaded case that they did not make or accept any
loan from the Plaintiff. In Further & Better Particulars furnished on 3rd
October 2002, the Defendants stated that funds to finance the purchase of the
building came from Goh (10%) and MBF Finance Bhd (90%). Of the RM7 million
remitted, the Defendants admitted to receiving RM4.2 million from the
Plaintiff but averred that the money was remitted on behalf of Goh from whom
the money was borrowed.

17\. This alleged loan from Goh was oral. No particulars of the terms of the
alleged loan were pleaded. It was therefore not surprising that at the trial,
the Defendants led no evidence of this alleged oral loan between Biogenics and
Goh. Law’s testimony that he was told by Goh that the latter had taken the
money from Kwee (intending to imply a personal loan between Goh and Kwee) is
hearsay and inadmissible. I have already found that Ang and Liow were aware of
Kwee’s loan to Biogenics. In the result, the defence on this issue failed.

_

_(ii) _Loan not binding on Defendants_

18\. In this case, the Defendants have refused to be bound by a loan document
which on the face of it was signed on their behalf. From the terms of the loan
document itself, no conclusion could be drawn that the parties did not intend
that the loan document executed by them should constitute a legally binding
contract. The terms of the loan document were typical of a commercial
agreement intended to be binding.

19\. It was therefore necessary for the Defendants to overcome the general
rule that extrinsic evidence is not admissible in order to prove that the
intention of the parties was other than that appearing on the face of the
document. It was for the Defendants to show that the exception to the parol
evidence rule applied in this case: s94(a) Evidence Act (cap97).

_

(a) Did Ang sign on the loan document?

_

20\. The Loan Agreement bore Ang’s signature. The Defendants admitted that the
signature of Ang on the Loan Agreement was genuine but unauthorised. Ang said
that he did not remember the occasion where he had signed on the loan
document. It was contended that the Loan Agreement was printed on one of the
many blank pieces of A4 size paper that Ang had previously pre-signed on
instructions of Goh. As this contention was not put to Kwee in cross-
examination, Counsel for the Plaintiff submitted that Kwee’s account of the
creation of the loan document was not contradicted by way of cross-examination
and therefore the court should accept what Kwee said: see _Browne v Dunn_
(1893) 6 R 67; S _eet Melvin v Law Society of Singapore_[1995] 2 SLR 323 at
338 and _Dr. Lo Sook Ling Adela v Au Mei Yin Christina & Anor _[2002] 1 SLR
408.

21\. Kwee, Quek and Lim were hardly challenged on their respective evidence on
the matter. Nevertheless, from reading the pleadings, written statements,
notes of evidence and closing submissions, it is clear that Kwee was well
aware of the issue. The rule would not apply in circumstances where notice of
the matter in issue was so distinctly and unmistakably given and it would be a
waste of time in putting questions to Kwee upon it: see _Browne v Dunn_ at
p71. In any event, I did not think that the failure to comply with the rule in
_Browne v Dunn_ led to any prejudice.

22\. Having looked at the loan document carefully, I find the Defendants’
contention completely untenable given the positioning of the signature on the
execution page relative to the format and text of the entire document. There
was no sign of manipulation of the text to accommodate the signature.

23\. In any case, Lim, the Plaintiff’s solicitor, testified that he prepared
and later emailed in draft the Loan Agreement, Deed of Guarantee and Warranty
and Undertaking to the Plaintiff who printed out the draft documents. When the
loan document was handed to him by the Plaintiff, it had only the Plaintiff’s
signature on it. Quek confirmed this. Having spotted the omission, Lim asked
the Plaintiff to collect the Defendants’ signature. Kwee passed the loan
document to Quek and Goh to get it signed by the Defendants. It was later
returned to Lim with Ang’s signature on the loan document. In my judgment, I
find that Ang did sign on the loan document itself in his capacity as director
of Biogenics.

_

(b) Is the loan unauthorised in absence of a resolution?

_

24\. On the question of authority, the Defendants argued that it was not bound
by the Loan Agreement in the absence of a resolution approving the loan and
authority of Ang to bind the Defendants. It was common ground that the power
to borrow money was within the express powers of the Defendants under the
memorandum of association.

25\. The Defendants’ contention that, on the facts of this case, the rule in
Turquand was displaced had little weight or substance. There was no evidence
as to when the Plaintiff or his lawyers had caused a registry of companies
search to be carried out on Biogenics. After the Loan Agreement was signed but
before the third tranche of the loan was disbursed, Lim had on 11 October 2000
as a matter of housekeeping asked Law to send the various documentation
required of Biogenics which included a resolution approving the loan. It may
be inferred from Law’s reply that he had asked Kwee for the wording of the
resolution which Kwee sent to Law on 24 October 2000. The Defendants did not
provide the Plaintiff with a signed resolution as promised by Law. It would,
in my view, be extremely unfair to allow the Defendants to use their own
omission or failure against the Plaintiff. Besides, it cannot be said that the
transaction was one in which the Defendants did not stand to benefit even if
the Plaintiff was in any of the ways allegedly put on inquiry.

26\. The Defendants also submitted that the Plaintiff ought to have been put
on inquiry by the very fact that Ang and Liow were nominee directors and
shareholders. On a balance of probabilities, the converse argument is the more
likely. Biogenics was the deliberate creation of Goh for the restructuring
scheme. There was evidence as to the reason for the loan, which, in my
judgment, was initiated and arranged by Goh, and the loan document was
initialled by Goh to signify his consent to all the terms that he had
negotiated and accepted in its final form on behalf of the Defendants. Ang
together with Liow were persons who were accustomed to act on the directions
and instructions of Goh. On the facts, I find that the circumstances were not
such as to put the Plaintiff upon an inquiry.

27\. In _SAL Industrial Leasing Ltd v Lin Hwee Guan_ [1998] 3 SLR 482, the
Court of Appeal expressed the view that informal assent of all the directors
of a company could be tantamount to a resolution of the board. So, if an
opposite view is taken that in this case the rule in Turquand was displaced,
the Loan Agreement would still bind the Defendants if there was informal
assent. It is reasonable to infer, as I do, from the objective facts in
evidence that Ang was authorised to sign the loan document even though the
transaction was not formally authorised by a resolution. It is unrealistic to
reach any conclusion other than it was carried out with the consent and
knowledge of Ang and Liow. I have already found that the directors were aware
of the loan. It is not the Defendants’ case, as will be remembered, that the
security documents executed in escrow were prepared from pre-signed A4 size
pieces of paper. It was in connection with the loan that all the security
documents were created and then handed over to the Plaintiff. Having signed
two directors’ resolutions in escrow, it is likely that Ang and Liow would, if
asked to do so, have signed the resolution approving the loan.

28\. Ang and Liow were prepared to do whatever Goh required. Goh manipulated
the strings and Ang and Liow responded to the directions like puppets.
Evidence of compliance is significant for the reason that it is consistent
with and hence is proof of consent or acquiescence. Ang and Liow admitted that
everything was done at the behest of Goh who had put in place the loan to the
Defendants.

29\. I, therefore, find that the board had informally acquiesced in Ang’s
acceptance of the Loan Agreement on behalf of Biogenics. This was sufficient
to vest authority in Ang. The Loan Agreement was thus binding on Biogenics.

**

Result

**

30\. For all these reasons, I gave judgment for the Plaintiff for the
principal sum of RM7 million with costs together with interest of
RM1,361,285.01 as at 18th October 2002 and thereafter interest to continue at
the contractual rate of 8.5% per annum until date of payment.

Sgd:

BELINDA ANG SAW EAN

JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Dec 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

