Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Datawork Pte Ltd v Cyberinc Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGHC 132

Case Number | : | DCA 600033/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 June 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  David Chan and Chua Sui Tong (Shook Lin & Bok) for the appellant in DCA 600033/2001 and respondent in DCA 600036/2001; Vinodh Coomaraswamy and David Chan (Shook Link & Bok) for the applicant in SIC No 600900 of 2002; Valerie Tan and Nadia Almenoar (Allen & Gledhill) for the respondent in DCA 600036/2001 and appellant in DCA 600036/2001 and respondent in SIC No 600900 of 2002   
Parties | : |  Datawork Pte Ltd â€” Cyberinc Pte Ltd   
  
**Judgment** __

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

_**

INTRODUCTION

**_1\. The Plaintiff Datawork Pte Ltd (Datawork) is a company incorporated in
Singapore and carries on business, inter alia, as a manufacturer and
distributor of computer related products._**

**_ 2\. The Defendant Cyberinc Pte Ltd (Cyberinc) is also a company
incorporated in Singapore and carries on business, inter alia, as a
manufacturer of computer and telecommunication apparatus.

3\. In about January 2000, the parties entered into an agreement in which
Cyberinc appointed Datawork as the sole distributor of certain products of
Cyberinc called Z-station, Z-media and Z-pac. The Z-pac comprised one
Z-station and one or two Z-media. It is a mobile hand-held karaoke device.

4\. The relevant terms of the Distributorship Agreement were:

(a) The distributorship would be for a minimum of six months plus one month.

> (b) The minimum purchase quantity by Datawork was 3,000 units of Z-pac. If
> this target was reached, the distributorship would continue for another six
> months with another minimum quantity to be purchased.

(c) The commencement date of the sole distributorship was the date of the
first delivery of the products.

(d) Datawork was obliged to order 1,000 units of Z-pac for the first three
months.

5\. There was also a provision i.e Clause 5 of Cyberincs obligations (Clause
5) which provided for Cyberinc to buy the unsold units from Datawork and its
dealers should Cyberinc terminate the distributorship prior to its expiry. In
view of the emphasis which Datawork placed on this provision, I set it out
below:

> > 5) In the event that CyberInc Pte Ltd decides to early terminate the sole
> distributorship agreement with Datawork Pte Ltd, it will have to buy up all
> the remaining stock of the product from Datawork Pte Ltd and its dealers (if
> Datawork Pte Ltd deems necessary) at the same price Datawork Pte Ltd has
> paid to CyberInc Pte Ltd.

6\. It was common ground that the first delivery of the products was on 31
March 2000. Hence the Distributorship Agreement commenced then and expired on
31 October 2000.

7\. Datawork alleged that:

> (a) In breach of the Distributorship Agreement, Cyberinc appointed TV Media
> Pte Ltd (TV Media) on or about September 2000 to distribute and/or sell
> and/or market the products.
>
> (b) In so doing, Cyberinc had evidenced an intention not to be bound by the
> Distributorship Agreement and had repudiated the same.
>
> (c) By an e-mail dated 5 October 2000, Datawork had accepted the repudiation
> and required Cyberinc to re-purchase the unsold products still in the
> possession of Datawork and/or its dealers.
>
> (d) The acceptance of the repudiation was repeated on 12 December 2000 by a
> letter from Dataworks solicitors to Datawork.

8\. Thus, in so far as the remaining products in the possession of Datawork
and its dealers had not yet been paid for by Datawork, Cyberinc was
effectively to take them back through the re-purchase. In so far as such
products had already been paid for by Datawork, Cyberinc had to pay for them
in its re-purchase.

9\. There was also a claim for miscellaneous expenses but this was eventually
resolved when the parties appeared before me. Hence, I need say no more about
it.

10\. The defence was that Datawork was granted only a sole distributorship
instead of an exclusive distributorship. This meant that while Cyberinc could
not legally have appointed another distributor, it could sell the products
itself or through its own agents. Cyberinc had contracted with TV Media to,
inter alia, produce a TV commercial to promote the products. TV Media would
also sell the products at its outlets and such sales were made on behalf of
Cyberinc for which TV Media would receive a commission.

11\. Cyberinc also alleged that Datawork was estopped from alleging any breach
by Cyberinc and that Datawork had acquiesced in Cyberincs intention to
contract with TV Media. This was because Dataworks SC Ang had known of and had
agreed to the same.

12\. Lastly, Cyberinc denied that it was obliged to re-purchase the remaining
products in the possession of Datawork and its dealers under Clause 5 as
Cyberinc did not terminate the Distributorship Agreement.

13\. Cyberinc also counterclaimed:

(a) payment from Datawork for the unpaid purchase price of 400 Z-pac units
which had been delivered to Datawork,

(b) damages for 600 units which Datawork had ordered but did not want delivery
of,

(c) damages for failure to order a minimum quantity of 3,000 units.

_**

TRIAL JUDGES DECISION

**_

14\. The trial judge, District Judge Tan Peck Cheng, decided that Cyberinc was
in breach of contract and there was no acquiescence by Datawork. However she
also concluded that Clause 5 requiring Cyberinc to re-purchase the products
from Datawork did not apply because it was not Cyberinc who terminated the
Distributorship Agreement but Datawork and the provision applied only in the
former, but not the latter, situation.

15\. The trial judge also decided that Datawork suffered only nominal damages
as its sales of the products were not doing well in any event.

16\. Accordingly, the trial judge fixed the damages for Cyberincs breach at
S$2,500 to be paid by Cyberinc to Datawork and dismissed the other reliefs
sought by Datawork. She also granted judgment against Datawork to pay Cyberinc
the purchase price of the 400 units delivered but not yet paid for. The rest
of the reliefs sought by Cyberinc were disallowed. Datawork was required to
pay costs to Cyberinc which the trial judge fixed at S$18,000.

_**

THE APPEALS

**_

17\. Datawork appealed to the High Court against that part of the trial judges
decision which:

(a) ordered payment of only $2,500 to Datawork as damages,

(b) dismissed the other reliefs sought by Datawork,

(c) granted Cyberinc judgment for the purchase price of the 400 units, and

(d) costs.

18\. Cyberinc also appealed to the High Court. Its appeal was against that
part of the decision which:

(a) ordered Cyberinc to pay $2,500 as damages to Datawork,

(b) disallowed the rest of the reliefs sought by Cyberinc, and

(c) the quantum of costs fixed by the trial judge.

_**

MY DECISION

**_

19\. Both appeals were heard by me on 13 May 2002. After hearing arguments, I
dismissed the appeal by Datawork and allowed the appeal by Cyberinc in part
(because Cyberincs computation of the balance number of units to make up the
minimum quantity was incorrect). My decision meant that:

(a) Cyberinc was not in breach of contract and did not have to pay any damages
to Datawork.

(b) Cyberinc was still entitled to be paid for the 400 units delivered to
Datawork (an earlier batch of 300 units had been delivered and paid for
already).

(c) Cyberinc was entitled to damages to be assessed in respect of 600 units
which Datawork had ordered but did not want delivery of.

(d) Cyberinc was entitled to damages to be assessed for Dataworks failure to
order 1,700 sets to make up the minimum quantity of 3,000 units.

20\. I also granted costs of Cyberincs appeal and of the hearing below to
Cyberinc and costs of Dataworks appeal to Cyberinc.

_**

MY REASONS

**_

21\. Although much time and effort was spent by both Counsel for Datawork and
Cyberinc on arguments as to whether TV Media was or was not a distributor of
Cyberinc and the interpretation of Clause 5, I decided the appeals on the
ground that Datawork was estopped from alleging that Cyberinc was in breach of
contract. Datawork had also acquiesced in the appointment of TV Media by
Cyberinc to promote and sell the products.

22\. On this issue, the trial judge had ruled against Cyberinc. I set out
below the reasons why I reached the opposite conclusion.

23\. Mr Tan Peng Khoon (PK Tan) had joined Cyberinc in September 1999. He was
its Marketing Director. The managing director was Mr Ng Kai Kong (KK Ng).

24\. Datawork is run by PK Tans sister Lucillia Tan Sok Cheng, also referred
to as SC Ang, and their brother Larry Tan. It was PK Tan who introduced
Datawork to Cyberinc as his sisters company. At all material times, all
parties were aware of PK Tans relationship with SC Ang.

25\. Consequently the Distributorship Agreement was entered into.

26\. SC Ang did not dispute that she was aware of Cyberincs intention to use
TV Media to promote and sell the products. Indeed, she learned of this from a
meeting with KK Ng and her brother PK Tan. However she claimed that she had
thought that TV Media would be buying the products from Datawork and not from
Cyberinc.

27\. In her Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (AEIC), she said at paras 32 and
33:

32\. Sometime in or around the 2nd or 3rd week of September 2000, KK Ng and my
brother came to the Plaintiffs offices to discuss advertising the Defendants
products on television. They informed me that the Defendant was intending to
advertise on television through TV Media . He gave me the impression that TV
Media would be producing the advertisements and selling the Defendants
products at their retail outlets as well as through mail order and that any
sales by TV Media would be made from stock purchased from the Plaintiff. In
effect, the impression which he gave me was that TV Media would purchase its
stock from the Plaintiff directly. Given the practice in the previous
marketing efforts outlined above and our understanding of both parties
obligations under the Distribution Agreement, I naturally assumed that this
would continue to be the case.

33\. I was therefore quite pleased when I heard the news from KK Ng and my
brother as I believed that our sales would improve after the advertisements. I
had no reason to object to the advertisements as I understood that the terms
of the Distribution Agreement would be adhered to by the Defendant.

28\. KK Ngs evidence on this point was in para 42 of his AEIC where he said:

> 42\. Thus, sometime in August 2000, PK, SC Ang and I had a meeting to
> discuss advertising through TV Media. I recall that SC Ang was pleased to
> hear about the advertisement. She felt that any efforts to promote the
> product would be worth trying. She also expressed the view that if the
> product was put into the market, _albeit by the Defendant_ , it would still
> increase awareness of the product and possibly boost the Plaintiffs own
> sales of the product.

[Emphasis added.]

29\. In cross-examination, KK Ng accepted that he did not know whether SC Ang
was aware that Cyberinc was selling the products directly to TV Media (NE
189). At NE 190, he also said:

Q: Because she does not know TV Media getting (sic) for defendant

A: That is possible but not 100% sure.

30\. PK Tan did not have an AEIC. He gave evidence for Datawork, and not
Cyberinc which he had by then left. He said that SC Ang was told that TV Media
was being used to help promote her sales (NE 72). He claimed that Cyberinc did
not tell Datawork that it would be selling the products directly to TV Media.
If it had told Datawork, Datawork would have jumped (NE 74). He was the one
who had negotiated with TV Media on behalf of Cyberinc and who signed the
agreement with TV Media but he claimed that the agreement with TV Media was a
breach by Cyberinc of the Distributorship Agreement. He alleged that he did
not protest to KK Ng because of fear over his own salary (NE 102).

31\. The trial judges conclusion was as follows:

21\. . With regard to paragraph 20(a), Mr K K Ngs evidence was that he did not
tell Mdm Lucilla Tan ("Mrs S C Ang") that TV Media would be purchasing the
products directly from the defendant or showed Mrs S C Ang the agreement with
TV Media. He was not sure if Mrs S C Ang was aware. He assumed that the
plaintiff must have known. He was asked if it was reasonable for Mrs S C Ang
to assume that TV Media would obtain the products from her, he replied that it
was. Mrs S C Ang in her evidence stated that she knew that the defendant was
speaking to TV Media. She was pleased because she assumed that TV Media would
be buying from her. I found Mrs S C Angs evidence credible and that there is
no evidence to show that the plaintiff had acquiesced to the relationship
between the defendant and TV Media.

32\. I found it difficult to accept that PK Tan had thought that what Cyberinc
was doing was in breach of the Distributorship Agreement and that he went
ahead to negotiate and sign the agreement on behalf of Cyberinc with TV Media
without even attempting to advise KK Ng that this would cause a breach of the
Distributorship Agreement or informing his own sister, whom he had introduced
to Cyberinc, about the true situation. After all, there was no evidence that
KK Ng was trying to hide the truth about the sales from Cyberinc to TV Media
and, in any event, he would have been foolish to think that he could get away
with it given that he knew PK Tans relationship with SC Ang.

33\. Secondly, KK Ng did not say that it was reasonable for SC Ang to assume
that TV Media would obtain the products from Datawork. All he said was that it
was possible that she had this assumption but he was not 100% sure (see NE 190
which I cited in para 29 above). In any event, even if KK Ng had said what was
attributed to him by the trial judge, that would have been merely an opinion
of his and not evidence of a fact which he had personal knowledge of.

34\. Thirdly, and most importantly, the evidence of SC Ang as to when she
first came to know that TV Media was obtaining the products directly from
Cyberinc was highly improbable and was also contradicted by documentary
evidence. I elaborate below.

35\. In SC Angs AEIC, paras 34 to 35, she said:

34\. On 24 September 2000, I saw the advertisement screened by TV Media on
television for the first time. I clearly recall that the advertisement stated
that the Defendants products were being sold through the retail outlets
operated by TV Media. No mention was made of the Plaintiff or its authorised
dealers.

35\. _I expected TV Media to contact the Plaintiff shortly after the
advertisement was screened_. As explained previously, I had been given the
impression that we would be supplying TV Media with the Defendants products
which TV Media managed to sell. However, nothing was heard from TV Media even
after the advertisement was screened. I made several unsuccessful attempts to
contact KK Ng and PK Tan to ask for an explanation. _Finally_ , PK Tan
returned my calls sometime towards the end of September 2000. It was only
_then_ that he informed me that the Defendant had been selling directly to TV
Media and by passing the Plaintiff.

[Emphasis added.]

_**

First sub-point

**_

36\. It was common ground that SC Ang had considerable experience in her
business. Yet, when she learned that TV Media would be appointed, she did not
ask KK Ng or PK Tan as to when she should contact TV Media or when TV Media
would be contacting Datawork to order the products from Datawork. There was
also no query by her about the volume and timing of the purchases by TV Media
from Datawork which would in turn affect the volume and timing of purchases by
Datawork from Cyberinc. I found this lack of interest telling. It suggested
that she must have known all along that TV Media were obtaining the products
directly from Cyberinc.

_**

Second sub-point

**_

37\. I found it incredulous that SC Ang could have been under the impression
that TV Media would be contacting Datawork shortly after she noticed an
advertisement by TV Media on television on 24 September 2000. The advertising
campaign had already begun. The public were being urged to buy from TV Media.
There was no suggestion that the public were told that the products would be
on sale only in the future. Therefore the advertisements would suggest that
the products were immediately available from TV Media. It was quite absurd for
SC Ang to suggest that while the public were going to TV Medias outlets to buy
the products, TV Media would not have the products and had still not contacted
her to obtain the products. Indeed, by then, there was still no discussion
between TV Media and Datawork even on the price which TV Media was supposed to
pay for the products from Datawork. How then would TV Media know what price to
adopt for its sales to the public?

_**

Third sub-point

**_

38\. SC Angs assertion that she had assumed that TV Media would be contacting
Datawork shortly after the advertisement to obtain the products was
contradicted by a second e-mail from her on 5 October 2000, there being two
e-mail from her on that day.

39\. For completeness, I set out below the first e-mail she sent on 5 October
2000 at 10:58am and the second e-mail she sent on the same day at 2:44pm.

_

First e-mail

_

Subject: Fw: Promotion partnership

Dear PK and KK,

I shall be writing to you by today the problems that we are currently facing
in the distribution of Z-station and our decision to settle these problems.

In spite of this, I would like to bring to your attention the opportunity that
CyberInc can work with this company, Field Catering & Supplies Pte Ltd, a
$500,000 paid up capital company. They have already bought 4 sets of
Z-station, normal version from us at $257.50/= each and tested it. Now, they
are coming back to us on this proposal which I think is a good opportunity to
create the awareness but of course with modifications and monitoring from your
side. Gerard Lim is the brand manager. His HP: 9 7506305. His tel: 759 1771.
If you are contacting him directly to discuss the matter, please let me know
so that I would know how to talk to him if he called me.

Bye.

S.C.Ang

Datawork Pte Ltd

_

Second e-mail

_

Subject: Termination of sole distributorship of Z-station in Singapore

Dear KK & PK

On 24th September 2000, TV Media Pte Ltd has begun the screening of its
advertisement of Z-station on TCS - channel 5. This _meant_ that Cyberinc
would have sold the Z-station to them _much earlier on_. This in turn meant
that Cyberinc has broken one of the major clauses in the letter of
understanding. Under the term duration of sole distributorship and quantity
commitment of the letter of understanding, it stated the sole distributorship
will be for a minimum period of seven months beginning from the date of first
receipt of the stock of Z-station from Cyberinc which is 30th March 2000. The
exclusive period should only expire on 29-10-2000. This demonstrated the fact
that Cyberinc has decided to terminate the sole distributorship agreement.

Under number 5 of the list of things that Cyber Inc Pte Ltd must do as stated
in the letter of understanding is as follows: in the event that CyberInc Pte
Ltd decides to early terminate the sole distributorship agreement with
Datawork Pte Ltd, it will have to buy up all the remaining stock of the
product from Datawork Pte Ltd and its dealers (If Datawork Pte Ltd deems
necessary) at the same price Datawork Pte Ltd has paid to CyberInc Pte Ltd.

We have thought about the past few months business relationship with your
company and the above-mentioned clause, we have decided to exercise it, i.e to
demand CyberInc Pte Ltd to buy up the remaining stock of Datawork and its
dealers. However if CyberInc would like to continue to sell to the dealers,
Datawork, with the consent of the dealers, will go with CyberInc to visit the
dealers to expedite the taking over of dealers.

We look forward to (_sic_) letting us know when we can return the products to
your company and also about your decision with regards to the dealers. Thank
you.

Yours truly,

S.C.Ang

Datawork Pte Ltd

[Emphasis added.]

40\. The second e-mail from SC Ang clearly stated that when TV Media had begun
to screen the advertisement, This _meant_ that Cyberinc would have sold the
Z-station to them _much earlier on_ [my emphasis]. This was a logical
assertion but it contradicted what SC Ang had said in her AEIC.

41\. Mr David Chan, Counsel for Datawork, submitted that this sentence in the
second e-mail was the result of SC Angs subsequent telephone discussion with
PK Tan in which PK Tan informed her that Cyberinc had been selling direct to
TV Media and by-passing Datawork. However, the second e-mail did not attribute
this knowledge to any telephone discussion with PK Tan. On the contrary, the
second e-mail attributed this knowledge to logic and there was no mention of
any recent telephone discussion with PK Tan.

_**

Fourth sub-point

**_

42\. The first e-mail from SC Ang on 5 October 2000 to PK Tan and KK Ng was
also revealing. It reinforced a point made by Ms Valerie Tan, Counsel for
Cyberinc, that Datawork was having difficulty in effecting sales of the
products and was looking for a way out.

43\. The first e-mail suggested that Datawork was going to make a proposal and
there was no hint therein that Datawork had thought that Cyberinc was in
breach of contract even though, by then, 10 to 11 days had lapsed after SC Ang
had first noticed the advertisement of TV Media on 24 September 2000 and TV
Media had not contacted Datawork to make purchases.

44\. About 3 hours later, the substance and tone of the second e-mail was
significantly different. The heading of the second e-mail was also different
from the first. The second e-mail was not the anticipated follow-up from the
first. In my view, Datawork had by then changed its mind and decided to use
the sale by TV Media as an excuse to get out of the Distributorship Agreement
and to require Cyberinc to re-purchase the products in the possession of
Datawork and its dealers.

_**

Summary

**_

45\. With respect, the trial judge did not consider the points I have
mentioned above and the two e-mail from SC Ang of 5 October 2000. In my view,
her conclusion was plainly wrong.

46\. In the circumstances, it was clear to me that SC Ang and Datawork were
aware and had acquiesced in TV Medias involvement in the promotion of the
products as well as the purchase thereof from Cyberinc. They were even
enthusiastic about the involvement of TV Media as they had thought that this
would give a boost to their own flagging sales. Datawork was also estopped
from alleging a breach of contract arising from the sales of the products by
Cyberinc to TV Media.

_**

SUBSEQUENT DEVELOPMENTS - SUMMONS-IN-CHAMBERS NO 600900 OF 2002

**_

47\. Subsequent to my decision, Datawork sought to appeal against my decision.

48\. Section 34(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322) (SCJA)
states:

(2) Except with the leave of the Court of Appeal or a Judge, no appeal shall
be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following cases:

(a) where the amount or value of the subject-matter at the trial is $250,000

49\. It was common ground that the jurisdiction of the District Court is
$250,000 and that this figure was inserted as an amendment in the SCJA to meet
the increase in the jurisdiction of the District Court to $250,000.

50\. In view of s 34(2), Datawork applied for leave to appeal against my
decision to the Court of Appeal by way of Summons-in-Chambers No 600900 of
2002. However, at the first hearing of this application on 31 May 2002, Mr
Vinodh Coomaraswamy, who was appearing with Mr David Chan for Datawork, made
an oral application for a declaration that no leave was necessary. However, if
leave was necessary, then, he would seek leave to appeal. As this oral
application took his opponent by surprise, I adjourned the application to a
date to be fixed.

51\. At the next hearing on 12 June 2002, Mr Coomaraswamy proceeded with both
points. After hearing arguments, I decided that leave was required but that no
such leave should be granted. Accordingly, I dismissed the application with
costs.

_**

ARGUMENTS FOR DATAWORK

**_

52\. As I have mentioned, Mr Coomaraswamys first position was that no leave
was required under s 34(2) SCJA. He mounted his argument in the following
manner.

53\. In Dataworks claim, it was seeking:

> (a) a declaration that Cyberinc was obliged to purchase the unsold products
> held by Datawork and its dealers pursuant to the Clause 5 which I have
> mentioned

(b) an order that Cyberinc pay US$32,819 for the purchase under Clause 5

(c) alternatively, damages for loss suffered as a result of Cyberincs breach
of the Distributorship Agreement.

54\. In Cyberincs counterclaim, it was seeking:

> (a) US$58,318.60 being the price of the 400 units of Z-pac which had been
> delivered to Datawork but had remained unpaid

(b) damages for Dataworks failure to purchase 1,000 units of Z-pac within the
first three months

(c) damages for Dataworks failure to order the minimum quantity of 3,000
units.

55\. Cyberinc had alleged that its damages exceeded S$250,000 but as its
counterclaim was filed in the District Court and not in the High Court, the
District Court would not grant it judgment and the assessment would not be for
a sum which would exceed $250,000, after taking into account the US$58,318.60.

56\. Mr Coomaraswamy submitted that as Cyberincs damages had not yet been
assessed, I should adopt the maximum amount under the District Court
jurisdiction as the putative amount of its damages, including the
US$58,318.60. Taking the difference between this maximum amount i.e S$250,000
on the one hand and the US$32,819 which Datawork itself was claiming on the
other hand, the resultant figure would be in excess of S$250,000. This was the
value of the subject matter for the purpose of s 34(2)(a) and, therefore, no
leave to appeal was required.

57\. Mr Coomaraswamy relied on 2 cases, _Augustine & anor v Goh Siam Yong_
[1992] 1 SLR 767 and the Malaysian case of _Yai Yen Hon v Teng Ah Kok & Sim
Huat Sdn Bhd _[1997] 1 MLJ 136.

58\. In the _Augustine_ case, the respondent commenced an action in the
Magistrates Court to recover damages in respect of a traffic accident. The
appellants did not enter an appearance and the respondent obtained
interlocutory judgment with damages to be assessed. Such damages were assessed
by a deputy registrar of the subordinate courts at $4,780.89. The appellants
appealed to a district judge-in-chambers who reduced the damages to $1,177.50.
The respondent filed a notice of appeal to the High Court against the reduced
assessment.

59\. The appellants applied to strike out the notice of appeal on the ground
that under O 55 r 1(5) of the Subordinate Courts Rules 1986, the respondent
had no right of appeal. This application was heard by the Deputy Registrar of
the High Court who made no order on the application so as to allow the
respondent to apply to a judge of the High Court for a declaration that she
had such a right of appeal. After hearing arguments, that declaration was made
and the appellants then appealed to the Court of Appeal against that
declaration.

60\. The Court of Appeal dismissed the appeal because O 55 r 1(5) was ultra
vives the then s 21 SCJA. The arguments and the ruling on the effect of the
then s 21 SCJA on O 55 r 1(5) were not relevant to the case before me.
However, one of the arguments raised by the appellants in that case was that
the respondent would in any event require leave to appeal under the then s
21(1) SCJA. That provision stated:

(1) Subject to the provisions of this or any other written law, an appeal
shall lie to the High Court from a decision of a District Court or Magistrates
Court in any suit or action for the recovery of immovable property or in any
civil cause or matter where the amount in dispute or the value of the subject
matter exceeds $2,000 or with the leave of the High Court if under that
amount.

The appellants there contended that since the district judge-in-chambers had
reduced the damages to $1,177.50, that was the amount in dispute. The Court of
Appeal disagreed with that contention and held that as the respondent was
disputing the reduction in the original order made by the deputy registrar,
the amount in dispute was the difference between the $4,780.89 assessed by the
deputy registrar and the $1,177.50 allowed by the district judge i.e
$3,603.39.

61\. However the facts in that case were different from those before me.
First, the provisions were different, i.e one pertained to the then s 21(1)
SCJA while the present case pertained to the current s 34(2)(a) SCJA which was
a different provision.

62\. Secondly, and more importantly, that was not a case involving a
counterclaim as well.

63\. As for the Malaysian case of _Yai Yen Hon_ , that case was one in which
leave to appeal was required when the amount or value of the subject matter of
the claim was less than RM100,000. There, the plaintiffs claim was well in
excess of RM100,000 but the High Court gave judgment to the plaintiff for
RM62,400. The Federal Court held that whether or not there was a right of
appeal depended on the value of the claim and not the amount given by the
trial judge.

64\. As can be seen, the provision in that case was different and the facts
were also different. Again, there was no counterclaim there.

65\. In addition, it seemed to me that despite Mr Coomaraswamys submission,
his approach was not one in which the difference between what Datawork might
obtain and what Cyberinc might obtain is taken. What he had done was to add
the two together to derive a higher figure in excess of $250,000.

66\. As for the existence of the counterclaim, Mr Coomaraswamy submitted that
even though there was a counterclaim by Cyberinc, this arose from the same
facts and it was not possible to separate one from the other. He stressed that
I should take into account the entire subject matter of the suit and not just
the value of Dataworks claim. According to him, the reference to a trial in s
34(2) SCJA includes a case where there is a claim and counterclaim heard in
one trial.

67\. Mr Coomaraswamy further submitted that this was not a case in which
Datawork might obtain judgment for US$32,819 on the one hand, and, on the
other hand, Cyberinc might obtain judgment for US$58,318.60 and damages so
that the amount adjudged to Datawork would effectively abate the amount
adjudged to Cyberinc. It was like an all or nothing scenario. Either Datawork
would obtain judgment for US$32,819 or Cyberinc would obtain judgment for
US$58,318.60 and damages. In his submission, this reinforced his argument that
the difference between what Datawork might obtain and what Cyberinc might
obtain was the amount or value of the subject matter at the trial.

68\. Mr Coomaraswamys alternative position was that if leave to appeal was
required, then such leave ought to be granted to Datawork.

69\. In _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_[1997] 3 SLR 489, the Court of Appeal
considered whether leave to appeal should be granted in respect of an order of
costs under s 34(2)(b) SCJA. After referring to Justice Lai Kew Chais judgment
in _Anthony s/o Savarimiuthu v Soh Chuan Tin_[1989] SLR 607, Chief Justice
Yong Pung How enunciated three limbs to be considered when leave to appeal is
sought:

(a) prima facie case of error,

(b) question of general principle decided for the first time,

(c) question of importance upon which further argument and a decision of a
higher tribunal would be to the public advantage.

70\. Mr Coomaraswamy submitted that there was a prime facie case of error of
law or an important question of law for the Court of Appeal to decide. It was
not clear to me whether the latter was under the second or third limb
enunciated by Yong CJ.

71\. As regards the alleged important question of law, Mr Coomaraswamy
submitted that it was important to establish how the High Court, sitting as an
intermediate appellate court, should approach findings of fact by a District
Court. According to him, the High Court, as an appellate court, may be
required to approach findings of facts differently from the Court of Appeal as
the latter was the final appellate court. While the Court of Appeal can in
certain situations find itself to be in as good a position as the trial judge
to determine facts, Mr Coomaraswamy was suggesting that the High Court,
sitting as an appellate court, should be even slower to find itself in as good
a position as the trial judge to determine facts. He submitted that while the
precise test for the High Court was difficult to formulate, the High Court
should only reverse the finding of a trial judge if the finding was manifestly
erroneous or in some way perverse. He emphasized that the High Courts
intermediate role will become more important as the jurisdiction of the
District Court increases in future.

72\. As regards the alleged error of law, Mr Coomaraswamy relied on two local
cases for the proposition that a trial judges finding of fact should not be
disturbed unless he was plainly wrong. They were _Seah Ting Soon v Indonesian
Tractors Co Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR 521 and _Peh Eng Leng v Pek Eng Leong_
[1996] 2 SLR 305. However, that principle was not in issue. Besides, in the
case of _Peh Eng Leng_ , Karthigesu JA said that the evidence of a witness
should be tested against inherent probabilities or improbabilities and against
uncontroverted facts (see p 312 at H/I of the report). Mr Coomaraswamy did not
dispute this principle but he submitted that the finding of the trial judge
would stand up to scrutiny even when so tested.

73\. He also relied on a decision of the Australian High Court in _Baumgartner
v Baumgartner_ 76 ALR 75 for the proposition that it was not legitimate for an
appellate court to ignore the resolution of conflicting evidence by a trial
judge and to draw inferences from the surrounding area of common ground only.

_**

ARGUMENTS FOR CYBERINC

**_

74\. Ms Tan submitted that as regards the issue whether leave to appeal was
required, Dataworks own application was initially for leave to be granted.

75\. Secondly, she relied on s 9A (1) Interpretation Act (Cap 1) which
provides that:

9A. (1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object.

76\. Thirdly, under s 9A(3), a speech made in Parliament by a Minister on the
occasion of the moving of a Bill and any relevant material in any official
record of debates in Parliament could be considered in the interpretation of a
provision of written law.

77\. She then referred to the speech of the Minister of Law on s 34(2)(a) as
cited in the judgment of L P Thean JA in _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v
Yong Qiang Construction_ [1999] 4 SLR 401 and Thean JAs summary of the purpose
of s 34(2)(a):

15 Prior to the amendments made by the Supreme Court of Judicature (Amendment)
Act 1998, s 34(2) read as follows:

(2) Except with the leave of the Court of Appeal or a Judge, no appeal shall
be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following cases:

(a) where the amount or value of the subject-matter at the trial is $30,000 or
less;

The amending Act of 1998 amended para (a) by deleting the sum of $30,000 and
substituting therefor the words $250,000 or such other amount as may be
specified by an order made under subsection (3). All that the amendment did
was to increase the monetary limit from $30,000 to $250,000 and no other
changes were made. However, the underlying purpose of this amendment was to
bring it in line with the jurisdiction of the District Court. The jurisdiction
of the District Court had as from 1 August 1997, been increased to $250,000
and the amendment made to s 34(2)(a) in 1998 was to bring it in line with the
increased jurisdiction of the District Court and to allow an appeal to be
brought to this court only where leave to appeal is obtained from this court
or a judge of the High Court. This was evident from the speech of the Minister
for Law, Professor Jayakumar, when he moved the Second Reading of the Supreme
Court of Judicature (Amendment) Bill on 26 November 1998. He said:

> > On 1 August 1997, the District Courts jurisdiction in civil matters was
> raised from $100,000 to $250,000 In view of the enhanced District Courts
> jurisdiction to $250,000 in civil matters, the Chief Justice has proposed
> that the existing $30,000 limit in s 34(2)(a) be raised to $250,000. In
> other words, bring its limit in line with the enhancement. If the limit is
> not raised to $250,000, District Court cases of less than $250,000 can first
> go on appeal to the High Court and then Court of Appeal. This would strain
> the limited resources of the Court of Appeal.

16 It seemed to us abundantly clear that the intention of Parliament in making
the amendment to s 34(2)(a) of the SCJA was to limit the right of appeal to
this court. Hence, in any appeal from the decision of the High Court, in which
the value of the subject matter involved does not exceed $250,000, leave to
appeal must be obtained either from this court or a judge of the High Court.

78\. To reinforce the above summary, Ms Tan referred to a speech by a Member
of Parliament Mr R. Ravindran in the Singapore Parliament Report when the
appropriate Bill was being debated. In Parliament No 9, Session No 1, Volume
No 69, Sitting No 11 of 26 November 1998, Mr Ravindran said (at column 1634):

Sir, the effect of the present limits is that cases within the jurisdiction of
the Magistrates Court are appealable as of right to the High Court, but are
not appealable as of right to the Court of Appeal. This is a two-tier system.
This position is satisfactory, as there is no real need for a three tier-
system for Magistrate Court suits.

Sir, cases within the jurisdiction of the District Courts are appealable as of
right to the High Court and are also appealable as of right to the Court of
Appeal. This position is unsatisfactory as there is a three-tier system and it
is not something that is really needed. Indeed, the proposed amendments may
have been intended to do away with this anomaly. Cases within the jurisdiction
of the High Court are appealable as of right to the Court of Appeal. Here
again, there is a two tier system. This position is satisfactory and was
consciously adopted with the cessation of appeals to the Privy Council.

79\. It seemed to me that this view was implicit in the intention to limit the
right of appeal from a decision of the District Court to primarily the High
Court. Indeed this was also recognised by Chao Hick Tin JA in para 13 of his
judgment in _Tan Chiang Brothers Marble (S) Pte Ltd v Permasteelisa Pacific
Holdings Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR 225 where he said, Implicit in the scheme of things
is that there should, as a rule, be only one tier of appeal ..

80\. As for the argument that the court should assume, for present purposes,
that Cyberinc would obtain the maximum sum under the District Courts
jurisdiction after the assessment of damages, Ms Tan submitted that it was
uncertain how much Cyberinc would actually get. She argued that Mr
Coomaraswamys argument would inject uncertainty. She also submitted that such
an argument would cause an unworkable or impracticable or inconvenient result.

81\. Lastly, Ms Tan adopted a point from a question that I had posed to Mr
Coomaraswamy. She submitted that if the cross-claim was by way of a separate
action, the argument of Mr Coomaraswamy of taking into account each figure to
obtain the difference must fail as there were two separate actions. The fact
that the cross-claim was mounted as a counterclaim in the same action should
not give rise to a different outcome.

82\. As regards the question as to whether leave to appeal, if required,
should be granted, Ms Tan did not advance any submission thereon.

_**

MY REASONS ON DATAWORKS APPLICATION

**_

83\. I was of the view that Mr Coomaraswamy was not wrong in adopting the
maximum sum under the District Courts jurisdiction for the purpose of his
argument in relation to s 34(2)(a). After all, Cyberinc had in its affidavit
alleged its damages to be more than the $250,000 maximum sum. The situation
would be different if Cyberinc was alleging a sum much less than the maximum
for its damages. I did not think that this approach was injecting an
uncertainty or would cause an unworkable or impracticable or inconvenient
result. It may be based on an assumption but the purpose was to inject some
certainty into the present application and not the other way around. On the
contrary, Ms Tans suggestion that one should wait until the assessment was
concluded would itself inject uncertainty and cause an unworkable or
impracticable or inconvenient result. This is because the dead-line to appeal
will often be earlier than the conclusion of the assessment. Furthermore,
after the assessment, there might be a further appeal or appeals. In any
event, for the reasons stated below, it did not matter whether the maximum sum
was used or the actual sum granted to Cyberinc was used.

84\. In my view, the case of _Augustine_ and the Malaysian case of _Yai Yen
Hon_ were not relevant for the reasons I have mentioned.

85\. It must be borne in mind that a counterclaim is a separate and
independent action. If not for O 15 r 2(1) of the Rules of Court, a separate
action would have to be filed separately. Order 15 r 2(1), however, enables,
but does not compel, the separate action to be filed as a counterclaim in an
existing action.

86\. When the separate action is filed as a counterclaim, it does not cease to
be a separate action in substance. Thus The Supreme Court Practice 1999 Volume
1 para 15/2/4 states:

15/2/4 **To what extent a counterclaim is an independent action** \- A
counterclaim is _substantially a cross-action_ , not merely a defence to the
plaintiffs claim. _It must be of such a nature that the Court would have
jurisdiction to entertain it as a separate action_ (_Bow McLachlan & Co. Ltd
v. Ship Camosun_ [1909] A.C. 597; _Williams v. Agius_ [1914] A.C. 522). "A
counterclaim is to be treated, for all purposes for which justice requires it
to be so treated, as an independent action" (_per_ Bowen L.J., in _Amon v.
Bobbett_ 22 Q.B.D. 543 at 548). If after the defendant has pleaded a
counterclaim, the action of the plaintiff is for any reason stayed,
discontinued or dismissed, the counterclaim may nevertheless be proceeded with
(para. (3)). Thus, where the plaintiffs claim was held to be frivolous, the
Court still granted the defendant the relief prayed for by his counterclaim
(_Adams v. Adams_ (1892) 45 Ch.D. 426; [1892] 1 Ch. 369). _In short, for all
purposes except those of execution, a claim and a counterclaim are two
independent actions ___(_per_ Lord Esher M.R., in _Stumore v. Campbell & Co.
_[1892] 1 Q.B. 314 at 317) .

[Emphasis added.]

87\. Therefore, although, as a matter of procedural convenience, a claim and a
counterclaim are dealt with together at the same directions stage and the same
trial, they are still separate actions.

88\. The reference in s 34(2)(a) to the amount or value of the subject matter
at the trial must, in my view, be construed as referring to the trial of an
action. In the context of a claim and counterclaim, the trial is of two
actions. This interpretation would advance the purpose of the provision which
is to restrict appeals from District Court actions to the Court of Appeal.
After all, claims and counterclaims are a common feature of litigation and it
could not have been the intention of Parliament to allow such appeals to
proceed to the Court of Appeal as a matter of right when Parliaments intention
was to restrict such appeals generally.

89\. In addition, if Mr Coomaraswamys argument was accepted, it would result
in an anomaly. When the cross-claim is filed as a counterclaim, the right of
appeal to the Court of Appeal would be unimpeded. However, if there were two
separate actions, the right of appeal would be restricted. This could not be
right even though I accepted that, generally, the two actions would be
consolidated before the trial. However this would not always necessarily be
the case.

90\. As for the argument that either Datawork would obtain payment for the
price of the products already paid for or Cyberinc would obtain payment of the
unpaid purchase price and damages, I was of the view that such an argument
militated against the conclusion that Mr Coomaraswamy was advocating. In such
a scenario, only the higher of the two possible judgment sums should be taken
instead of adding them up.

91\. In any event, I was of the view that it did not matter whether one party
must succeed and the other must fail or the situation was one in which each
opposing party could succeed in its respective claims. Parliament did not
intend for parties and the courts to engage in an exercise to determine which
scenario was applicable for every claim and counterclaim in order to determine
whether leave to appeal was required.

92\. Accordingly, I concluded that Datawork was required to obtain leave to
appeal to the Court of Appeal.

93\. As for the issue whether leave to appeal should be granted, I was of the
view that it was not open to Mr Coomaraswamy to advance the argument about the
intermediate role of the High Court when his colleague, Mr David Chan,
advanced a different argument before me when the appeal proper to the High
Court was heard by me. In summary, Mr Chan had advocated only the trite
principle that an appellate court should be slow in disturbing findings of
fact of a trial court and Ms Tan did not dispute that principle.

94\. In any event, the High Court is, as a rule, supposed to be the final
appellate court for trials in the District Court. It is only in limited
situations that an appeal may be made to the Court of Appeal. In emphasizing
the likelihood of an increase in the District Courts jurisdiction, Mr
Coomaraswamy was actually reminding me of the concern which led to the
limiting of appeals from the District Court to the Court of Appeal.

95\. Ultimately, I was of the view that however Mr Coomaraswamy sought to
couch the applicable principle for an appellate High Court, it would not have
made a difference to my conclusion. I was of the view that the finding of the
trial judge was plainly wrong or, to use Mr Coomaraswamys words, was
manifestly erroneous or perverse.

96\. The truth of the matter was that my decision and the reasons for my
decision did not involve any important question of law for the Court of Appeal
to decide.

97\. As for whether my decision involved an error of law, I was of the view
that my decision was on the facts. However, Mr Coomaraswamy had to label it as
an error of law to improve Dataworks chances of securing leave to appeal. For
the reasons I have given as to why I reached a different conclusion from the
trial judge, I could not agree that her conclusion could stand when tested
against inherent probabilities or improbabilities and against uncontroverted
facts.

98\. I also did not think that the Australian case of _Baumgartner v
Baumgartner_ took the matter any further. I did not base my decision solely on
what was common ground. With respect, my decision was based more on the
application of facts and points which the trial judge had not considered.

99\. Accordingly, leave to appeal was refused.

Sgd:

**

WOO BIH LI

JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

SINGAPORE

**

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Jun 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

