Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Kong Chok Wai v Ha Siew Sen and Another  
[2002] SGHC 265

Case Number | : | Suit 313/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 November 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Karuppan Chettiar with Raji Naidu (Mohan Das Naidu & Partners) for the plaintiff; R Narayanan (Hilborne & Co) for the 1st defendant; Lee Yuk Lan (Goh Poh & Partners) for the 2nd defendants   
Parties | : |  Kong Chok Wai — Ha Siew Sen; Singapore Bus Service Ltd   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

**

Background**

1\. On the morning of 23 February 1998, the plaintiff, a Malaysian in his late
teens, was riding pillion on motorcycle no. ADG 207 ridden by the first
defendant, a friend from Malaysia, who was working in Singapore. They were
proceeding along Woodlands Road in the direction of the city. In front of them
was a motor bus no. SBS 1806L belonging to the second defendants and driven by
their employee one Mr Irusan A/L Rajoo (‘the bus driver’).

2\. Woodlands Road is a one way road consisting of two lanes. The bus was
travelling along the left lane of the road. The first defendant was also
travelling along the inner lane. He wanted to overtake the bus and he
therefore changed lane into the right hand lane and speeded up. As his
motorcycle was about to overtake the bus, it collided with the bus and both he
and the plaintiff were knocked off the motorcycle.

3\. As a result of the accident, the plaintiff was seriously injured. He was
not aware of whose negligence had caused the accident and he therefore
commenced this action against both defendants. Both denied that they were
negligent. The first defendant stated that just as he was about to overtake
the bus it suddenly slowed down and moved into his lane and thereby cut into
his path, causing the accident. The bus driver denied that he had changed lane
and asserted that the first defendant had attempted to overtake the bus in an
unsafe and dangerous manner and that this had caused the accident.

4\. After hearing the evidence, I decided that the first defendant was solely
to blame for the accident. I therefore entered judgment against him and
dismissed the claim against the second defendants. The first defendant has
appealed.

**

The evidence

** _

(i) Ha Siew Sen, the first defendant

_

5\. In his affidavit, the first defendant stated that when he decided to
overtake the bus, he ensured there was no vehicle on the lane next to him and
also looked into the mirror to ensure there was no vehicle behind him. He then
signalled to change lane. He was travelling at about 50 kmph at this juncture.
He had changed lane and was just about to overtake the bus when the bus
suddenly slowed down and moved into his lane and thereby cut into his path. He
could not slow down or stop in time. As a result, the back of the bus hit his
motorcycle and both he and the plaintiff fell.

6\. The first defendant asserted that the bus driver did not signal or
indicate at any time his intention to change lane or slow down. He changed
lane recklessly and was solely to blame for causing the accident. If the bus
driver had stayed in his lane, the accident would not have had happened. The
bus emerged onto the lane on which he was riding without ascertaining that it
was safe to do so.

7\. Under cross-examination, the first defendant said that when he first saw
the bus, he was about nine car lengths away from it. At that time, his speed
was between 80 and 90 kmph and he was in the left lane. When he was four or
five car lengths away from the bus, he decided to overtake it and at that
stage, he increased his speed to between 90 and 100 kmph. When he entered the
right lane, he was travelling at this faster speed and at that time, the bus
was only about a foot away from him. The bus was then in the left lane and the
first defendant was in the right lane about ten inches away from the white
line on his left. He then proceeded to try and overtake the bus but it
suddenly entered his lane and the collision took place. He said that the rear
corner of the bus collided with his motorcycle.

_

(ii) Rashitha Bibi

_

8\. Madam Rashitha was a passenger on the bus at the time of the accident. She
was sitting in the third seat behind the driver on the right side of the bus.
Suddenly she heard a thud. She turned to her right and saw a motorcycle swerve
across the lane and the pillion rider’s neck was in between the bushes. The
motorcycle went on and dragged the pillion rider for some distance. The bus
was in the left lane. There was a bus stop a short distance away. The driver
stopped at the bus stop and all the passengers alighted. The witness went
forward to the driver who was looking lost and gave him her name and telephone
number and offered to be a witness as she considered he was not to blame for
the accident.

9\. Madam Rashitha confirmed that the bus was definitely in the left lane at
the time of the thud because just a while later, the driver stopped at the bus
stop and the motorcycle went right across to go into the bushes beside the
right lane. She did not feel the bus swerve to the right at any time. It was a
gentle steady ride until suddenly the bus stopped. She thought that the speed
of the bus was moderate.

_

(iii) Senior Staff Sergeant Kasmawati Samian

_

10\. Sergeant Kasmawati was the officer in charge of investigating this
accident. She interviewed the first defendant on the day of the accident at
the A&E department of the National University Hospital. The first defendant
told her how the accident took place. At that time, he did not tell her that
it was the bus that had changed lane and caused the accident. He did not say
that the sole cause of the accident was the changing of lane by the bus.

11\. Subsequently, action was taken by the traffic police against the first
defendant for inconsiderate riding under s 25 of the Road Traffic Act. A
summons was issued charging him that on 23 February 1998 he rode his
motorcycle without reasonable consideration for other users, to wit by failing
to keep a proper lookout resulting in collision with SBS bus 1806L. The
decision to prosecute was based on the investigations which disclosed that the
first defendant was travelling directly behind the bus on the left lane of
Woodlands Road and when he decided to overtake the bus, the left handle of the
motorcycle hit the rear left hand side of the bus causing him to lose control
of the motorcycle. During the interview, the first defendant had mentioned
that he had misjudged the situation when he was in the process of changing the
lane and overtaking the bus. The first defendant settled the traffic summons
by paying the composition fine.

_

(iv) Irusan A/L Rajoo

_

12\. The driver stated that on the day in question at about 8.30am he was
driving the bus along Woodlands Road and at all times was travelling along the
left lane of the road. Traffic volume was light and there were no motor
vehicles travelling in front of his bus. Suddenly he heard a shout at the
right rear side of the bus and he then looked at his right wing mirror and saw
a motorcycle wobbling. The motorcycle thereafter veered to the right and
collided into the centre divider. When he saw the motorcycle wobbling he
brought the bus to a halt. He asserted that at all times he was travelling at
a straight course along the left lane. As there were no vehicles in front of
him at the material time, it was not necessary for him to change lane nor did
he at any time intend to do so.

13\. Under cross-examination, the bus driver stated that there were some
vehicles at his rear prior to the accident. There were no vehicles on the
right lane. The only vehicle he remembered seeing behind him was a white oil
tanker. He checked his rear view mirror from time to time but did not see the
motorcycle prior to the accident. He only noticed it after he heard the thud
coming from the rear of his bus. After he stopped his bus, he checked its rear
and noticed a scratch mark there, slightly above the rear bumper. He believed
the handle of the motorcycle caused it. The bus driver denied that he had
changed lane because he had been intending to turn right at the T-junction at
the end of the road. He asserted that there was no need to change lane to make
a right turn at the T-junction because he could make this turn from the left
lane.

**

Findings

**

14\. The plaintiff gave evidence but was unable to remember anything about the
accident because of the severe head injuries that he sustained. As he was an
innocent party, it was clear that he was entitled to his damages. The only
issue was whether one or both the defendants were to blame for the accident.

15\. The stretch of road along which the accident happened was a straight road
and had a 50-kmph limit. The first defendant had originally stated in his
affidavit that he was travelling at 50 kmph but in court he testified that his
speed was 80 to 90 kmph originally and it increased by another ten kmph when
he entered the right lane. He also admitted that he was only a foot away from
the bus when it cut into his lane. It was quite clear from this evidence that
the first defendant was negligent as he was attempting to overtake the bus at
that excessive speed without having created a wide berth first between him and
the bus. Thus, the main issue before me was whether the bus driver had in any
way contributed to the accident by cutting across the path of the first
defendant as he had claimed.

16\. It was clear also from the bus driver’s testimony that he had not kept a
good lookout, as he had not seen the motorcycle behind him before the
accident. Although his evidence that he had kept a straight course all along
was supported by Madam Rashitha’s testimony, certain parts of that evidence
were not satisfactory as she had stated that after the accident, he had not
swerved before stopping at the bus stop at the left. The bus driver had stated
that the bus came to a stop about 30 feet away from the accident and the bus
stop was also about 30 feet away. This would mean that the bus must have made
a swerve to the left before it came to a stop. Also, Madam Rashitha admitted
that at the time of the accident, she was talking to the passenger sitting
next to her on the bus and carrying her baby as well. Her observation of
events may therefore have been impaired.

17\. Notwithstanding some difficulties with the evidence of the bus driver and
Madam Rashitha, I was satisfied that the bus driver’s version of events was
essentially true. On the whole, the bus driver was a reliable witness. I
accepted that he had not swerved into the path of the motorcycle and therefore
had not been guilty of contributory negligence. There was no evidence to
support the first defendant’s contention that the bus had cut into his path
without any signal or warning.

18\. Although it had been suggested that the bus driver might have tried to
move into the right lane so that the bus could turn right at the T junction
ahead, the evidence was that he did not need to do this as the right turn
could also have been made from the left lane of Woodlands Road. There was thus
no reason for the driver to have left his lane at all.

19\. The first defendant was not a reliable witness. As pointed out, he
changed his evidence on the speed at which he was travelling. He also
vacillated in his evidence regarding the volume of traffic at the time of the
accident but finally admitted, when shown the police report he had made at
that time, that the volume of traffic had been light. Further, his testimony
in court was inconsistent with the statement he had given to Sergeant
Kasmawati just after the accident. He admitted under cross-examination that
his allegation of the bus suddenly changing lanes and thereby causing the
collision with his motorcycle was an important fact which he would have told
the investigating officer when describing the accident to her a few hours
after the accident. The investigating officer’s testimony, however, was that
he had made no such allegation against the bus driver but had instead admitted
to her that it was his misjudgement when he was in the process of changing
lanes and overtaking the bus that had caused the left handle of his motorcycle
to collide with the rear of the bus. Although the first defendant had an early
opportunity to put forward his assertion that the bus driver had been
negligent, he did not take it. It was not until his police report was made
some five days later that he asserted that the bus driver had cut into his
path. This seemed to be an afterthought.

20\. The first defendant also gave evasive and inconsistent testimony in
respect of the action taken against him by the police and his payment of the
composition fine. Initially he denied that he was aware of any action taken
against him by the police and that he had paid any composition fine. In his
affidavit, he had alleged that the negligence of the bus driver was the sole
cause of the accident. However, when it was put to him that he paid the
composition fine because he was at fault and caused the accident, he stated
that he admitted that he was at fault but that he was not entirely at fault.

21\. On the evidence I was satisfied that, on the balance of probabilities,
the first defendant was wholly to blame for the accident.

Sgd:

JUDITH PRAKASH

JUDGE

SINGAPORE

This does not merit reporting

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Nov 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

