Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd v Measurex Corp Bhd  
[2002] SGHC 173

Case Number | : | Suit 921/2001, RA 38/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 August 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  S Rajendran J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Johnny Cheo (Cheo Yeoh & Associates) for the appellants/defendants; Lee Eng Beng and Meah Tze Hua (Rajah & Tann) for the respondents/plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd — Measurex Corp Bhd   
  
Civil Procedure – Amendments – Default judgment – Application by plaintiffs to
amend default judgment to remove ambiguities – Deputy registrar allowing
application – Whether defendants suffering injustice – Whether deputy
registrar's decision justifiable – O 2 r 1 & O 20 r 11 Rules of Court  
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Default judgment – Setting aside on
merits of defence – Principles governing court's discretion to set aside
default judgments – Whether defendants' defence having real prospect of
success  
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Writ – Application to set aside irregular writ –
Time for entering appearance starting from day of service – Defendants
actually having 23 days to enter appearance – Whether defendants suffering
prejudice or injustice – When court can set aside irregular writ – O 3 r 2(2)
& O 12 r 4 Rules of Court  
  
Civil Procedure – Service – Service of writ on defendants' process agent –
Nomination of process agent by plaintiffs and defendants – Process agent under
judicial management – Defendants not entering appearance – Plaintiffs
obtaining default judgment – Whether service of writ proper – Whether judicial
managers at liberty to adopt nomination – Whether to set aside writ  
  

default judgment – Whether there was merit in defence raised – Whether defence
had real prospect of success.

**

Facts

**

The plaintiffs offered Measurex Engineering Pte Ltd ("M-Singapore") various
banking facilities, subject to the latter procuring two Deeds of Guarantee
from its parent company Measurex Corporation Berhad (‘the defendants’). Later,
the plaintiffs sent to the defendants a letter demanding repayment of the loan
with interest. Subsequently, the plaintiffs filed a writ against the
defendants and served it on M-Singapore. M-Singapore, at the time the writ was
served, was under judicial management. The judicial managers, it was alleged,
did not forward or notify the defendants of the writ. The plaintiffs applied
for and obtained judgment in default of appearance. The defendants appealed.

The defendants alleged that it came to know of the writ and default judgment
only some time later. The defendants applied to have the writ and the service
set aside on the grounds that: (a) the writ was irregular; (b) the service was
irregular; and (c) the default judgment was ambiguous. Alternatively, the
defendants sought to have the default judgment set aside and leave to file and
serve a Memorandum of Appearance and thereafter file and serve its defence.

On (c), the plaintiffs conceded that the two paragraphs of the default
judgment were ambiguous and applied to the Deputy Registrar ("DR") for leave
to amend the default judgment so as to remove the ambiguity. The DR allowed
this application and dismissed all applications made by the defendants with
costs. The defendants appealed against the amended default judgment.

**

Held

**, dismissing the defendants’ appeal:

(1) On the scope of O 2 r 1 and O 20 r 11 of the Rules of Court, every
omission or mistake in practice or procedure is to be regarded as an
irregularity which the court can and should rectify so long as it can do so
without injustice: _Harkness v Bell_ followed. In this case, the amendments
the DR allowed in the default judgment merely removed the ambiguity that
existed in the previous default judgment, caused no injustice to the
defendants and were supported and justified by Order 2, r 1, and Order 20, r
11 of the Rules of Court (see 7 and 8).

(2) A court will only set aside a writ on the grounds of irregularity if the
circumstances of the case – including the nature of the irregularity – warrant
such course of action. The defendants had not in any way been prejudiced by
the mistaken statement on the writ that they had 21 days, counting the day of
service, to enter appearance. There was no injustice caused to any party by
the error in the writ and therefore it would not be set aside (see 11).

(3) There was no irregularity in the service of the writ – cl 33(2) of one of
the Deeds of Guarantee specifically provided that service shall be deemed
completed on delivery to M-Singapore whether or not the documents were
forwarded to the defendants. OCBC had complied with the requirements of cl
33(2) (see 14).

(4) To invoke the court’s discretion to set aside the default judgment on the
ground that there was merit in the defence raised, it was not sufficient for
the defendants to show that they had an ‘arguable’ defence; they would have to
show that the defence had a ‘real prospect of success’ and ‘carried some
degree of conviction’. Under cl 8(d) of the Deeds of Guarantee, the
plaintiffs’ release of the Singapore dollar guarantee given by one co-
guarantor did not lead to the release of the other co-guarantor (who were the
defendants) or in any other way prejudice the plaintiffs’ rights under the
Deeds of Guarantees given by the defendants. There was therefore no defence to
the plaintiffs’ claims under the two guarantees that had a real prospect of
success (see 16,17 and 22).

**

Case(s) referred to

** _

Harkness v Bell’s Asbestos and Engineering Ltd

_ [1967] 2 QBD 729 (folld) _

Philip Securities (Pte) v Yong Tet Miaw

_ [1988] SLR 594 (folld) _

Alpine Bulk Transport Co Inc v Saudi Eagle Shipping Co ("The Saudi Eagle")

_ [1986] 2 LLR 221 CA (folld) **

Legislation referred to

**

Rules of Court 1997 O 2 r 1, O 20 r 11, O 12 r 4, O3 r 2(2)

English Rules of Court O 2

Companies Act s 227I

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_ _Cur Adv Vult_**

1\. The plaintiffs, Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd ("OCBC"), by a
letter of offer dated 30 April 1996, offered to Measurex Engineering Pte Ltd
("M-Singapore") various banking facilities. M-Singapore was a subsidiary of
Measurex Corporation Bhd ("M-Bhd"). The facilities were subject, inter alia,
to M-Singapore procuring two Deeds of Guarantee (for S$3,300,000 and
US$2,918,300) from M-Bhd in the form prescribed by OCBC. The Deeds of
Guarantee provided, inter alia, that:

(a) a certificate by an officer of OCBC as to the monies and liabilities at
any time due and owing to M-Singapore would be accepted by M-Bhd as conclusive
evidence of that fact;

(b) the guarantee shall be the primary obligation and OCBC was not obliged,
before enforcing the guarantee, to make any demand on, take proceedings
against or file any claim in judicial management of M-Singapore and that M-Bhd
shall be deemed to be principal debtors in respect of all the obligations and
liabilities of M-Singapore to OCBC; and

(c) any notice or demand under that guarantee made by OCBC, if sent by post to
M-Bhd at their last known address or place of business or residence, would be
deemed to have been made on the day following that on which it was posted.

(d) that service of process in any legal action or proceedings in Singapore
against M-Bhd shall be deemed to be good service on M-Bhd if served on
M-Singapore which was named the process agent in Singapore for the purpose of
receiving such process on behalf of M-Bhd.

The two Deeds of Guarantee were duly executed by M-Bhd and received by OCBC in
June 1998.

2\. On 24 July 2000, OCBC sent to M-Bhd a letter demanding repayment of the
sum of US$937,500 together with all interest accruing to date of payment. On 1
September 2000, M-Singapore was placed under judicial management. As at 9 July
2001, the amount remaining unpaid by M-Singapore stood at US$524,333.24
(inclusive of interest). Further contractual interest was chargeable thereon
at 3% per annum above the SIBOR rate from 10 July 2001 to the date of payment.

3\. OCBC, in a writ against M-Bhd filed on 23 July 2001 and served on 24 July
2001 on M-Singapore as process agent of M-Bhd, claimed:

(i) The sum of US$524,333.24;

(ii) Interest on the sum of US$524,333.24 at the rate of 3% per annum above
the SIBOR rate from 10 July 2001 to date of payment;

(iii) Banker’s charges and all other applicable dues from 10 July 2001 until
date of full payment;

and costs on an indemnity basis.

4\. M-Singapore, at the time the writ was served, was under judicial
management. The judicial managers, it was alleged, did not forward or notify
M-Bhd of the writ. OCBC, on 16 August 2001, applied for and obtained judgment
in default of appearance in terms of the claim. M-Bhd alleged that it came to
know of the writ and the default judgment only in October 2001. After
obtaining copies of the relevant documents from OCBC, M-Bhd, by way of SIC No.
3170/01, applied, under Order 13, rule 8, to have the writ and the service
thereof set aside on grounds that:

(a) the writ was irregular;

(b) the service was irregular; and

(c) the default judgment was ambiguous.

Alternatively, M-Bhd sought to have the default judgment set aside and M-Bhd
given leave to file and serve a Memorandum of Appearance and thereafter file
and serve its defence.

5\. The ambiguities in the default judgment that M-Bhd complained of related
to:

(a) the failure in paragraph 2 of the default judgment to quantify the
interest payable; and

(b) the failure in paragraph 3 of the default judgment to quantify the amount
of banker’s charges and other charges claimed.

Rather than try to justify these two paragraphs, OCBC, at the hearing below,
conceded that the two paragraphs were ambiguous and applied to the DR for
leave to amend the default judgment so as to remove the ambiguity. The DR
allowed this application. The default judgment (with the amendments) read as
follows:

"No appearance having been entered by the Defendants herein IT IS THIS DAY
ADJUDGED that the Defendants do pay the Plaintiffs:-

1\. the sum of US$524,333.24;

2\. interest on the said sum of US$524,333.24 at the rate of 3% per annum
above the SIBOR rate from 10 July 2001 until ~~the date of full payment.~~_16
August 2001, being the sum of US$3,956.36;_

~~

3\. Banker’s charges and all other applicable dues from 10 July 2001 until the
date of full payment; and

~~_

3\. post-judgment interest at the rate of 3% per annum above the SIBOR rate
from 17 August 2001 to the date of full payment; and

_

4\. costs on an indemnity basis.

Dated this 16th day of August 2001.  
_Re-dated this 26 th day of February 2002_.

Sgd: Seah Chi-Ling  
Asst Registrar "

After allowing the amendments, the DR dismissed all the applications made by
M-Bhd in SIC No. 3170/01 and fixed the costs to be paid to OCBC at $5,000.
Dissatisfied with those decisions, M-Bhd appealed.

_**

Ambiguity in the default judgment

**_.

6\. Mr Johnny Cheo who appeared for M-Bhd at the hearing of the appeal argued
that the DR ought not to have allowed the amendment to paragraphs 2 and 3 of
the default judgment. Order 2, r 1, and Order 20, r 11, of the Rules of Court
(1997 Ed) give the court wide discretion to put right any failure to comply
with the Rules.

7\. The scope of Order 2 of the English Rules of Court (which is in pari
materia with ours) – referred to as a "new rule" by Lord Denning MR in the
case of _Harkness v Bell’s Asbestos and Engineering Ltd_ [1967] 2 QBD 729 –
was explained by Lord Denning in that case at 835G as follows:

"This new rule does away with the old distinction between nullities and
irregularities. Every omission or mistake in practice or procedure is
henceforward to be regarded as an irregularity which the court can and should
rectify _so long as it can do so without injustice_. It can at last be
asserted that ‘it is not possible for an honest litigant in Her Majesty’s
Supreme Court to be defeated by any mere technicality, any slip, any mistaken
step in his litigation.’ "

(Emphasis added.)

The DR had obviously come to the conclusion that no injustice would be caused
to M-Bhd if he exercised his discretion to allow the amendments. The
amendments he allowed to paragraph 2 of the default judgment merely removed
the ambiguity that existed in the previous paragraph 2 and could cause no
injustice to M-Bhd. Similarly, the deletion of the existing paragraph 3 and
the insertion of the new paragraph 3 removed the ambiguity in the phrase
"Banker’s charges and all other applicable dues" and could cause no injustice
to M-Bhd.

8\. The decision of LP Thean J in _Philip Securities (Pte) v Yong Tet Miaw_
[1988] SLR 594 is instructive in this context. In that case, the defendant
applied to set aside a judgment in default of defence obtained by the
plaintiffs, contending that the judgment was signed for a sum greater than
what was due to the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs were alerted to the
irregularity in the judgment entered and applied for it to be amended. Both
applications were heard by the Registrar and at the conclusion the Registrar
dismissed the defendant’s application and allowed the plaintiffs’ application
to amend the judgment. The defendant appealed against the decision of the
Registrar. Thean J dismissed the appeal and held (as appears in the
headnotes):

"(1) Where a judgment has been entered in default of defence for an amount in
excess of that which was due, the court had jurisdiction to amend the judgment
instead of setting it aside. Order 19 r 9 of the Rules of the Supreme Court
1970 empowered the court to set aside or vary a judgment entered in default of
pleadings on such terms as the court thought fit. The registrar was entitled
under this rule to amend the judgment.

(2) Amendment made by the learned registrar could also be supported and
justified under O 20 r 11."

I was of the view that the decision of the DR in the present case was
supported and justified by Order 2, r 1, and Order 20, r 11, of the Rules of
Court (1997 Ed).

_**

Writ irregular

**_.

9\. In the writ issued by OCBC, it was specified that M-Bhd can enter
appearance 21 days after service of the writ, "_counting the day of service_
". The words highlighted were clearly in error because under Order 12, r 4,
read with Order 3, r 2(2), the 21-day period should exclude the day of
service. Mr Cheo submitted that because of this irregularity the writ ought to
have been set aside.

10\. The writ was served on the process agent of M-Bhd on 24 July 2001 and
OCBC entered default judgment on 16 August 2001. M-Bhd therefore in fact had
23 days – not just 21 days – to enter appearance. Mr Lee Eng Beng, who
appeared for OCBC, admitted that there was an error on the face of the writ
prepared by the solicitors but submitted that it was an inadvertent error and
that as judgment in default had been entered 23 days after the service of the
writ no prejudice had in fact been caused to M-Bhd by that error and the writ
should not therefore be set aside.

11\. A court will set aside a writ on the grounds of irregularity only if the
circumstances of the case – including the nature of the irregularity – warrant
such a course of action. In the present case, M-Bhd had not in any way been
prejudiced by the mistaken statement on the writ that M-Bhd had 21 days,
counting the day of service, to enter appearance. That mistake was an
irregularity which the court should, to trace the words of Lord Denning quoted
above, rectify so long as it can do so without injustice. There was, in this
case, no injustice caused to any party by the error in the writ. I was of the
view that the decision of the DR not to set aside the writ on account of that
irregularity could not be faulted.

_**

That services of writ was irregular

**_.

12\. Mr Cheo submitted on behalf of M-Bhd that when judicial managers were
appointed on 1 September 2000 the judicial managers were at liberty (under s
227I(2) of the Companies Act) to have adopted the provisions in cl 33(2) of
the Deeds of Guarantee wherein M-Singapore had been appointed process agent of
M-Bhd. He submitted that as the judicial managers had chosen not to adopt cl
33(2), the appointment therein of M-Singapore as process agent of M-Bhd ceased
to be operative and, accordingly, the service of the writ on M-Singapore was
not good service insofar as M-Bhd was concerned.

13\. The nomination of M-Singapore as process agent by M-Bhd was not made in a
contract entered into between M-Singapore and OCBC but a contract entered into
between M-Bhd and OCBC. As that appointment was not made in a contract to
which M-Singapore was a party, the question of the judicial managers adopting
or rejecting the contract under s 227I of the Companies Act did not arise.

14\. It will be useful to set out in full the provisions of cl 33(2). It
reads:

"33(2) We _irrevocably appoint_ Measurex Engineering Pte Ltd at its address in
Singapore which at the date hereof is at 994 Bendemeer Road #05-03, Kallang
Basin Industrial Estate, Singapore 339943, Singapore (the ‘process agent’) _to
receive, for us and on our behalf, service of process in any legal actions or
proceedings in Singapore_. Such service shall be deemed completed on delivery
to the process agent (_whether or not it is forwarded to and received by us_)
and we hereby authorise and declare that such service in the manner aforesaid
shall be deemed to be good and effectual service of the writ or legal process
or judgment on us. _If for any reason the process agent ceases to be able to
act as such or no longer has an address in Singapore, we irrevocably agree to
appoint a substitute process agent acceptable to you, and to deliver to you a
copy of the new process agent’s acceptance of that appointment, within 30
days_."

(Emphasis added.)

A "process agent" clause is normally to be found in agreements where one or
more parties to the agreement are outside the jurisdiction of the court. It is
a device by which the party outside the jurisdiction agrees contractually that
service of process on a nominated agent within jurisdiction shall be deemed
good service. In the present case, cl 33(2) specifically provided that the
service shall be deemed completed _on delivery_ to the process agent whether
or not the documents were forwarded to M-Bhd. OCBC had complied with the
requirements of cl 33(2) in that the writ had been delivered to M-Singapore.
Once delivery has been effected, whether M-Singapore forwarded the writ to
M-Bhd or not is not the concern of OCBC. That is a matter between M-Bhd and
M-Singapore.

15\. When M-Singapore was placed under judicial management, M-Bhd could, if
the judicial managers showed reluctance for M-Singapore to carry on the role
of process agent, have requested OCBC, under cl 33(2), to allow another person
or entity to be substituted as the process agent in place of M-Singapore.
M-Bhd, however, made no attempt to ascertain this. M-Bhd was content that
M-Singapore remain its process agent inspite of the appointment of judicial
managers. Having allowed M-Singapore to continue to be its nominated process
agent despite the appointment of judicial managers, M-Bhd cannot –
particularly in the light of the express provision in cl 33(2) that service on
the process agent was good whether or not the documents were forwarded to or
received by M-Bhd – be heard to complain that it had in fact not received the
documents.

_**

Merits of defence

**_.

16\. I now turn to the last ground raised in this appeal: that even if the
default judgment was regular the DR in the exercise of his discretion should
have set it aside as there was merit in the defence raised.

17\. It was not in dispute between the parties that to invoke the court’s
discretion on this ground it was not sufficient for the defendants to show
that they had an "arguable" defence: the defendants would have to go further
and show that the defence had "a real prospect of success" and "carried some
degree of conviction" (_Alpine Bulk Transport Co Inc v Saudi Eagle Shipping Co
("The Saudi Eagle")_ [1986] 2 LLR 221 CA).

18\. M-Bhd attempted to discharge that burden by pointing out that the letter
of offer of facilities to M-Singapore requesting the guarantees from M-Bhd had
also requested that Goldtron Ltd ("Goldtron") – an existing guarantor –
execute two fresh guarantees for the reduced amounts of US$437,745 and
S$495,000. Goldtron did not in fact execute any fresh guarantees. It was
submitted that M-Bhd had executed its guarantees on the basis that Goldtron
would be executing two fresh guarantees and would be entitled to avoid the
guarantees it gave.

19\. The shortcoming in the above argument was that the letter of offer relied
on by M-Bhd was not a letter addressed to M-Bhd. It was addressed to
M-Singapore. There was therefore no representation from OCBC to M-Bhd that
M-Bhd would be a co-guarantor of the facilities with Goldtron. In the two
Deeds of Guarantee executed by M-Bhd, there is no reference whatsoever to any
guarantee by Goldtron or by anyone else. Nor was there any such reference in
the Directors’ Resolution of M-Bhd authorising the execution of the two Deeds
of Guarantee. M-Bhd tried to get around this difficulty by arguing that for
the purposes of obtaining the guarantees from M-Bhd, M-Singapore was an agent
of OCBC and that the letter of offer sent to M-Singapore was a letter that
OCBC intended M-Singapore to show to M-Bhd. I did not see much merit in this
argument. It was tenuous at best.

20\. The allegation that Goldtron had not executed a fresh guarantee, whilst
true, did not however reflect the whole truth. What had happened was that,
instead of executing fresh guarantees, it was agreed between OCBC and Goldtron
that the existing two guarantees from Goldtron in the sum of US$6.8 million
and S$3.3 million would remain valid and enforceable but for the agreed
reduced sum of US$437,745 and S$495,000 respectively. Goldtron subsequently
faced financial difficulties and a Scheme of Arrangement was put in place for
Goldtron. OCBC under that scheme lodged a claim against Goldtron for
US$437,745 and released the Singapore dollar guarantee of S$495,000.

21\. Mr Cheo relied on this release of the Singapore dollar guarantee of
Goldtron as also founding a basis on which leave to defend ought to have been
granted to M-Bhd. To quote from his submission: "At law a guarantor is
entitled to be subjugated to any securities held by a creditor for the
enforcement of the principal debt. As such if the creditor interferes or
impairs the value of such securities, the guarantor may be wholly or partially
released from liability under the guarantor". In support, Mr Cheo relied on
O’Donovan and Phillips: _The Modern Contract of Guarantee_ (3rd Ed), pages 390
to 393.

22\. The above submission, in my view, did not sufficiently take into account
the effect of cl 8(d) of the two Deeds of Guarantee executed by M-Bhd. Clause
8(d) provided:

"8. This guarantee and our obligation hereunder shall not be prejudiced
diminished or affected or discharged or impaired nor shall we be released or
exonerated by any of the matters following:-

(a) …

(b) …

(c) …

(d) any time forbearance abandonment release or discharge (wholly or
partially) concession or other indulgence given or extended to the Customer
and/or to any party to any guarantee indemnity security or other instrument in
respect of any monies hereby guaranteed all of which you are at liberty to
give whether with or without our consent or notice to us; "

Under cl 8(d), OCBC reserved to itself the right to release any guarantee
given in respect of the facilities granted to M-Singapore. The release of the
Singapore dollar guarantee given by Goldtron could not therefore give rise to
any claims against OCBC by M-Bhd or in any other way prejudice OCBC’s rights
under the two Deeds of Guarantees given by M-Bhd.

23\. I was not satisfied at the conclusion of the hearing and the further
hearing (requested by M-Bhd) that M-Bhd had any defence to OCBC’s claims under
the two guarantees that had a real prospect of success. I was also satisfied
that the DR had properly granted the amendments to the default judgment sought
by OCBC; that the service of the writ on M-Singapore, as process agent of
M-Bhd, was a sufficient service on M-Bhd and that the irregularity on the writ
did not vitiate the writ. I therefore dismissed with costs the appeal brought
by M-Bhd against the decision of the DR.

Sgd:

S. RAJENDRAN

Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Aug 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

