Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Aglow Alicom Pte Ltd v Neewscomm Marketing Pte Ltd & Others  
[2002] SGHC 312

Case Number | : | Suit No 351 of 2000, Notice of Assessment No 33 of 2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 December 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Thian Yee Sze AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : | —  
Parties | : | —  
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

By virtue of the consent interlocutory judgment, the 1st defendants are liable
for first, the breach of the non-solicitation term with respect to the 3rd
defendants and/or Globalcom, and second, the breach of the confidential
information term and breach of confidence. The 2nd defendant is liable for
breach of confidence only. I deal first with damages for breach of the non-
solicitation term.

**

(I) Damages for breach of the non-solicitation term

**

2 In arriving at the amount of damages for breach of the non-solicitation term
in the one year period from the date of the termination agreement (ie 31
August 1999), I took into account the following factors:

> > (a) total number of terminated customers
>>

>> (b) percentage of customers who stay active

>>

>> (c) average loss of usage per day

>>

>> (d) average number of business days per month

>>

>> (e) number of months which each customer remains as a customer with the
plaintiffs

>>

>> (f) profit margin

3 The damages to be awarded to the plaintiffs should be the loss of profits
which the plaintiffs suffered as a result of the 1st defendants’ breach in
this regard. I agreed with the plaintiffs’ submission that the quantum of
damages to be awarded should be based on the following formula:

_

[Total number of terminated customers] x [Percentage of customers who stay
active] x [Average loss of usage per day] x [Average number of business days
per month] x [Number of months which each customer remains as a customer with
the plaintiffs] x [Profit margin]

_

I looked into each of the factors in turn.

4 With respect to (a), after considering all the evidence, I found that, on a
balance of probabilities, the most accurate figure to use was 173. It is
incontrovertible evidence that the attached schedule to the termination
agreement of 31 August 1999 set out the plaintiffs’ customers, which stood at
322 according to the agreement (or more accurately, 321). This agreement,
together with the schedule, was an agreement between the parties, and the 1st
defendants cannot recant from admitting the veracity of the contents of that
agreement, unless very clear and unequivocal evidence is presented to the
contrary. This, I failed to find. I accepted Anthony Khoo’s evidence that the
attached scheduled was prepared by the 1st defendants, as opposed to the 1st
defendants’ contention that it was prepared by the plaintiffs. The 2nd
defendant’s evidence was inconsistent. He could not clearly ascertain when the
termination of the 17 customers (which the defendants contended were the only
customers who terminated the plaintiffs’ services as a result of the 1st
defendants’ breach) took place. I accepted Simon Har and Craymond Ching’s
evidence that the database of the plaintiffs’ customers was handed to the 3rd
defendants after the date of the termination agreement. Having established
that as at 31 August 1999, 322 customers were the plaintiffs’ customers, I
accepted the plaintiff’s evidence and found that 173 of those had terminated
the plaintiffs’ services (190 minus 17 who re-subscribed to the plaintiffs’
services).

5 Factor (b) is crucial as not all 173 customers who terminated the
plaintiffs’ services could have done so because of the 1st defendants’ breach
of the non-solicitation term. This is because the customers who would have
terminated the services in the normal course of the plaintiffs’ business would
have to be taken into account. After evaluating the plaintiffs’ expert
witness, Chee Yoh Chuang’s, evidence as to the accurate percentage of
attrition in the normal course of business, I found that the best figure to
use was 57.2%, based on Scenario 1 of his report and the findings in
paragraphs 2.15 to 2.17 therein. Although there was some evidence that some
customers used the plaintiffs’ services after a lapse of more than six months,
that was not, in my view, sufficient to establish such a trend as to render
this selected pool of customers "active". As such, I did not rely on the
premises set out in Scenario 2 of the report. On the other hand, the
defendants did not proffer any cogent evidence to rebut the figures put forth
by the plaintiffs.

6 With respect to factor (c), I accepted the plaintiffs’ calculation that each
customer used the plaintiffs’ fax forwarding service at an average of 14.03
minutes per day. The defendants did not submit any cogent evidence to
contradict this. Factor (d) is not in contention. With respect to factor (e),
I accepted Chee Yoh Chuang’s method of calculation in arriving at a period of
2.5 years, or 30 months, as set out in paragraphs 2.21 and 2.22 of his report
(taking the premises in Scenario 1). I did not agree with the defendants’
submission that one should deem customers who were "inactive" for more than
six months as customers who had terminated the services with the plaintiffs.
First, there was evidence that some of these customers used the plaintiffs’
services after being "inactive" for more than six months. Second, the
contractual terms in the plaintiffs’ standard agreement with their customers
provided that termination would have to be effected in writing. With respect
to factor (f), I accepted the plaintiffs’ estimated figure of between $0.45 to
$0.64 per minute. On the other hand, the defendants did not produce
substantiated evidence as to why these figures should be rejected. They
submitted a figure of $0.30 per minute without explaining clearly how that
figure was arrived at. I arrived at a figure of $0.45 per minute, taking
Anthony Khoo’s estimate.

7 As such, the damages awarded to the plaintiffs payable by the 1st defendants
as a result of the breach of the non-solicitation term are:

_

173 (customers) x 0.572 (percentage of customers who stay active) x 14.03
(average loss of usage per day in minutes) x 20 (working days per months) x 30
(months in which each customer stays as a customer of the plaintiffs) x $0.45
(profit margin per minute) = $374,855.20

_ **

(II) Damages for breach of the confidential information term and breach of
confidence

**

8 There is an overlap in the damages suffered by the plaintiffs as a result of
the breach of the non-solicitation term, and the breach of the confidential
information term and breach of confidence. The plaintiffs contended that the
calculation for such a loss was either loss of profits or the value of the
information (which in this case was the database of customers). I was of the
view that calculating the loss to the plaintiffs on account of the value of
the database was not accurate; although there was some evidence that the 1st
defendants were trying to sell the 3rd defendants the database for $120,000,
no agreement was reached. There was no definitive "price" which could be
affixed to the database. As for loss of profits suffered by the plaintiffs, it
was difficult to attribute what portion of the terminated accounts was as a
result of the breach of the non-solicitation term, and what portion was as a
result of the breach of the confidential information term and breach of
confidence. Neither the plaintiffs nor defendants brought up any evidence
towards this end. Hence, I could only calculate damages on the basis that the
loss of profits would be calculated as a result of all the three types of
breaches as a whole and not apportion the damages to each type of breach.

9 For all the above reasons, I awarded the plaintiffs damages in the sum of
$374,855.20 to be payable by the 1st and 2nd defendants. Interest on the
judgment sum would be at a rate of 6% per annum from the date of the issue of
the writ to the date of judgment. The costs of the assessment and the action
are to be paid by the 1st and 2nd defendants to the plaintiffs, the quantum of
which are to be agreed or taxed.

Sgd:

THIAN YEE SZE  
ASSISTANT REGISTRAR

> > > > > > > > > > > > Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Dec 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

