Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mala Shukla v Jayant Amritanand Shukla (Danialle An, co-respondent)  
[2002] SGHC 96

Case Number | : | Div P 2792/2000, RA 720022/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 May 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Imran Khwaja and Michelle Jeganathan (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the petitioner; John Thomas and Anita Thomas (Col in Ng & Partners) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Mala Shukla — Jayant Amritanand Shukla (Danialle An, co-respondent)   
  
Conflict of Laws – Natural forum – Stay of proceedings on ground of forum non
conveniens – Petitioner and respondent both Indian citizens – Filing of
divorce petition in India by both parties – Divorce proceedings underway in
India – Wife filing divorce petition in Singapore – Whether Singapore court
can entertain petition – Whether India or Singapore more appropriate forum –
Principles governing grant of stay – Whether petitioner losing personal and
juridical advantages if stay given a sufficient reason for stay of petition in
Singapore – Whether still having money in Singapore a factor – Whether
multiplicity of actions a decisive factor for stay of petition  
  

Cur Adv Vult

:  
  
**_Introduction_**

****

  
  
The petitioner Mala Shukla (`Mala`) and the respondent Jayant Amritanand
Shukla (`Jayant`) are Indian citizens. They were married in India on 27 August
1976 under the Hindu Marriage Act. After the marriage, Mala and Jayant (`the
parties`) resided in London where Mala qualified as a chartered secretary and
Jayant qualified as a chartered accountant.  
  
They resided in India from 1984 to 1989 or 1991. In the meantime, two sons of
the marriage were born: (1) Zorawar on 8 April 1985; and (2) Sikandar on 9
February 1990.  
  
Between 1989 or 1991 to 1995, the couple and the children moved to Hong Kong
as Jayant was working there as an employee of Standard Chartered Bank.  
  
At the end of 1995 or early 1996, they moved from Hong Kong to Singapore where
Jayant was still working as an employee of Standard Chartered Bank.  
  
In June 1999, Mala`s mother passed away in India and she went to India with
the two children for the funeral.  
  
According to Mala:

(1) After her mother`s funeral, she went to London and Paris with the two sons
for a holiday as Jayant had told her he was going to Australia with Danialle
to attend a course.

(2) In London, she learned that Jayant and Danialle were spending time
together at Sea Gypsy Resort in Malaysia.

(3) Danialle was also staying at the matrimonial home in Singapore.

(4) Jayant had sent an e-mail dated 31 July 1999 to end the marriage.

(5) She could not return to Singapore and stayed temporarily in India with her
sister.

  
  
Except for two short trips back to Singapore in mid-October 1999 and July
2000, Mala and the two children have resided in India since July 1999. The
children study at The British School in New Delhi, India.  
  
Sometime between July/August and October 1999, Mala and Jayant entered into
negotiations to resolve the question of a divorce and other issues like
division of property, custody of and access to the children and maintenance.
Mala`s brother Pranab Barna (`Pranab`) participated in the negotiations. He is
the managing director of a multinational company in India, Reckitt and Coleman
Ltd, and is resident in India. The negotiations were carried out through
e-mail, faxes and meeting(s) in New Delhi, India.  
  
A settlement was achieved and on 14 or 15 October 1999, the parties filed a
joint petition for divorce by mutual consent under s 13-B(1) of the Hindu
Marriage Act 1955 (No 25 of 1955) as amended by the Marriage Laws (Amendment)
1976. This is No 1139/99 (`the first petition`). This was filed in the Court
of the District Judge, Delhi, India. The terms of the settlement are set out
in the first petition which was signed by each of the parties. It covers
permanent alimony under which immovable and moveable property are dealt with,
custody of the children which includes visiting rights for Jayant and
maintenance and support of the children.  
  
Paragraphs 10, 11 and 12 of the first petition state that the settlement
contains the entire understanding of the parties, there is no collusion
between them and the consent of either party has not been obtained by any
force, fraud, undue influence or coercion whatsoever. There were supporting
affidavits signed by each of the parties. There was also a joint statement
signed by both the parties confirming, inter alia, that their consent for
divorce was without any force, fraud or undue influence.  
  
The first motion with regard to the petition was heard on 16 October 1999 by
the District Judge Shri MC Gary. The district judge allowed the first motion
and stated that the parties could apply for their second motion (hearing) if
they failed to patch up their differences in the meantime.  
  
The first petition was then amended to correct the unit number of the
permanent residential address of Mala in New Delhi, India.  
  
On 25 May 2000, Mala filed two applications. The first was to withdraw her
consent to the first petition and to seek the dismissal thereof on the basis
that she was compelled to sign it under extreme duress, coercion and undue
influence form Jayant. The second application was for an injunction to
restrain Jayant from giving effect to the terms of the settlement pending the
hearing of and decision on the first application.  
  
On 25 July 2000, the district judge decided that it was for Mala to decide
whether to join in the second motion (hearing) in respect of the first
petition and no order was necessary in respect of her application to withdraw
her consent and to dismiss the first petition.  
  
Jayant then filed another petition No 816/2000 on 26 or 27 July 2000. This was
also under s 13-B(2) of the Hindu Marriage Act 1955 (`the second petition`).
This was on the same ground as the first petition, ie that the parties have
been living separately for one year or more and the divorce is sought by
consent. He also filed two applications. The first was for directions to
compel Mala to sign and verify the second petition. The second application was
for visiting rights in respect of the two children.  
  
The second petition and the application to compel Mala to sign the second
petition were dismissed by the district judge on 29 July 2000 on the basis
that it was not maintainable as it was not signed by Mala and there was no
procedure to compel her to sign it. Jayant then filed an appeal on 2 September
2000 to the High Court of Delhi.  
  
On 4 September 2000, Mala filed the present divorce petition in Singapore.
Mala`s petition in Singapore is based on the alleged adultery of Jayant with
the co-respondent Danialle An (`Danialle`) and on the alternative ground that
the marriage has broken down irretrievably in that Jayant has behaved in such
a way that Mala cannot reasonably be expected to live with him.  
  
On 28 September 2000, Jayant filed SIC 751910/2000 in Singapore to seek an
order declaring that the Singapore court should not exercise jurisdiction over
Jayant and Danialle on any issue under the divorce petition and that the
proceedings be stayed or dismissed; alternatively, that Singapore is not an
appropriate forum and that the proceedings under the divorce petition be
dismissed or stayed on the ground of forum non conveniens.  
  
On 29 September 2000, the papers for Jayant`s appeal to the High Court of
Delhi were served on Mala, after some earlier unsuccessful attempts at
service.  
  
Subsequently, Mala also applied in Singapore by way of SIC 650813/2001 filed
on 4 May 2001 for an order for interim maintenance for herself and the two
children on the basis that the maintenance provided by Jayant, presumably
pursuant to the settlement, is inadequate. This application has not been heard
presumably in the light of Jayant`s application for a stay.  
  
On 6 September 2001, the High Court of Delhi dismissed Jayant`s appeal.  
  
On 14 February 2002, District Judge Yap Siew Yong dismissed Jayant`s
application with no order as to costs. On 19 February 2002, Jayant filed an
appeal against this decision to our High Court and the appeal has come before
me. Pending the conclusion of arguments and my decision, I ordered an interim
stay of the existing proceedings in Singapore by Mala.  
  
In the meantime, Jayant has applied for special leave to petition to the
Supreme Court of India in respect of the decision of the High Court of Delhi
and on 22 March 2002, he was allowed such special leave. The special leave was
granted by two judges of the Division Bench of the Supreme Court of India. At
the hearing of the application for special leave, Jayant`s counsel also sought
an interim order to restrain Mala from proceeding with her divorce petition in
Singapore but this was not granted. According to his Indian counsel, the
Supreme Court, however, was of the view that his appeal should be disposed of
urgently and directed the parties to apply to the Chief Justice of India for
the appeal to be heard on an urgent basis.  
  
I would add that prior to the settlement, Jayant had sought to persuade Mala
to come to Singapore to resolve the question of the divorce and issues arising
therefrom. He had wanted the divorce proceedings to be in Singapore. While
Mala did not expressly say that she wanted the divorce proceedings to be in
India, the fact is she declined to return to Singapore to deal with such
issues. Also, her e-mail dated 5 August 1999 did seem to suggest that she
preferred such matters to be dealt with in India. The settlement was with a
view to the parties commencing divorce proceedings in India but thereafter
Mala has taken the position that the settlement is not valid and Singapore is
the more appropriate forum while Jayant says India is the more appropriate
forum to decide on the divorce and issues arising therefrom.  
  
**_My decision_**

****

  
  
Section 93(1) and (2) of our Women`s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Ed) states:

> _Jurisdiction of court in matrimonial proceedings_

> _
>
> (1) Subject to subsection (2), the court shall have jurisdiction to
> entertain proceedings for divorce, presumption of death and divorce,
> judicial separation or nullity of marriage only if either of the parties to
> the marriage is -
(a) domiciled in Singapore at the commencement of the proceedings; or

(b) habitually resident in Singapore for a period of 3 years immediately
preceding the commencement of the proceedings.

(2) In proceedings for nullity of marriage on the ground that the marriage is
void or voidable, the court may, notwithstanding the requirements in
subsection (1) are not fulfilled, grant the relief sought where both parties
to the marriage reside in Singapore at the time of the commencement of the
proceedings.

_

  
  
Mala`s divorce petition in Singapore is based on the ground that both Jayant
and her have been habitually resident in Singapore for a period of three years
immediately preceding the filing of her divorce petition here. It seems to me
that she was not habitually resident in Singapore from July 1999. After she
went to India for her mother`s funeral, she continued to reside there because
of her marital woes. Be that as it may, it is not disputed that Jayant was
habitually resident in Singapore for a period of three years immediately
preceding the filing of Mala`s divorce petition.  
  
Although Jayant`s first prayer in his application had sought a declaration,
his application was really for a dismissal or a stay of Mala`s divorce
petition on the ground of forum non conveniens.  
  
The principles of an application for a stay on the ground of forum non
conveniens are not in dispute. I quote from the judgment of Chao Hick Tin JA
in **PT Hutan Domas Raya v Yue Xiu Enterprises (Holdings)** [2001] 2 SLR 49
at [para ]16:

> _Unless there is clearly another more appropriate available forum, a stay
> will ordinarily be refused. If the court concludes that there is such a more
> appropriate forum, it will ordinarily grant a stay unless, in the words of
> Lord Goff [in**The Spiliada** [1987] AC 460], `there are circumstances by
> reason of which justice requires that a stay should nevertheless not be
> granted. In this inquiry the court will consider all the circumstances of
> the case, including circumstances which go beyond those taken into account
> when considering connecting factors with other jurisdictions` (hereinafter
> referred to as `the unless question` or `unless proviso` as may be
> appropriate in context). One such factor which would warrant a refusal of
> stay would be if it can be established by objective cogent evidence that the
> plaintiff will not obtain justice in the foreign jurisdiction. But the mere
> fact that the plaintiff has a legitimate personal or juridical advantage in
> proceedings in Singapore is not decisive; regard must be had to the
> interests of all the parties and the ends of justice. We would emphasise
> that in determining the `unless question` all circumstances must be taken
> into account, including those taken into account in determining the question
> of the more appropriate forum. However, in this stage of the inquiry the
> burden shifts to the plaintiff._

  
  
I have set out some of the undisputed facts regarding the parties. As for
domicile, nothing is said in Mala`s divorce petition about the domicile of
Jayant and herself. It seems to me that her domicile is India. As for Jayant,
Mr Thomas said that his domicile was Singapore although this is not asserted
in any of Jayant`s affidavits and it appeared to me during arguments that Mr
Thomas was equating residence with domicile.  
  
Although Singapore was the last place where the parties last lived as husband
and wife, I am of the view that they were residing in various jurisdictions
depending on where Jayant was working. Having said that, I was informed by Mr
Thomas that Jayant has permanent resident status in Singapore.  
  
As for Mala, she claims to be a non-resident Indian (para 41 of her affidavit
filed on 13 January 2001) but she did not elaborate as to what that means
given that she has been habitually residing in India since July 1999.  
  
The assets of the parties are `internationally placed`, to use a term from the
submissions of Mala`s counsel, Mr Imran H Khwaja. As derived from Jayant`s
affidavit filed on 31 October 2000, and based on estimates of exchange rates,
they are:  
  
**_Moneys_**

(1) In Singapore - about S$110,000 to S$120,000 (excluding household goods)

(2) In Hong Kong - about S$500,000

(3) In United Kingdom - about S$50,000

  
  
** _Immovable property_**

(4) In London, a property at 44 Wellington Court, which was in both the names
of the parties. It was mortgaged. The property has been sold and presumably
the mortgage has been paid. There is apparently a surplus but I was not told
what the surplus was.

(5) In India, Jayant owns two properties:

(a) The first is a flat with a terrace on the 2nd Floor at A-53, Nizammuddin
East, Delhi, estimated by Mala to be worth about S$180,000 to S$190,000.

(b) The second is a piece of land in Victoria Meadows, Bangalore, estimated by
Mala to be about S$30,000.

(6) Neither Jayant nor Mala own any immovable property in Singapore. They were
staying in rented premises here.

  
  
I stress that the above is not a finding of fact by me as to what the parties`
assets are as more information and more supporting evidence must be given to
establish the assets.  
  
Notwithstanding Mala`s contention in para 25 of her affidavit filed on 13
January 2000 that the terms of the settlement are void in view of the decision
of the district judge of 29 July 2001 in respect of the second petition, Mr
Imran quite properly conceded that he could not go so far as to say that there
had actually been a ruling on the validity of the settlement. It is not in
dispute that the settlement was with a view to the filing of a divorce
petition by consent in India and that it contained terms relating to the
division of property, custody and maintenance.  
  
In these circumstances, Mr Imran did not dispute that India is the most
appropriate forum to determine the validity of the settlement and its effect
on the present appeal by Jayant to the Supreme Court of India as well as in
any other matrimonial proceeding that either side may file there. He, however,
submitted that the settlement is not a factor in deciding which is the more
appropriate forum for Mala`s divorce petition and that it went into the merits
of any claim by either party.  
  
He further submitted that even if the settlement had not been entered into
involuntarily by Mala, our courts and the Indian courts would not hold her to
it as its terms were manifestly unfair to Mala. On this point, he highlighted
that under the settlement, she was to receive only 30,000 rupees, equivalent
to about S$1,200, a month for the maintenance of the children irrespective of
the income of Jayant. On the other hand, I note that this is not the only term
of the settlement. For example, under it, Jayant is to purchase educational
policies for the two children guaranteeing the equivalent of fees of a minimum
sum of US$152,000.  
  
For his part, Mr Thomas stressed the existence of the settlement, the fact
that it was entered into with the assistance of Pranab and that there is a
pending appeal to the Supreme Court of India based on the settlement. Jayant
also alleged that the parties have acted upon the settlement although this is
denied by Mala.  
  
Mr Imran countered with the argument that even if Jayant succeeds in his
appeal to the Supreme Court of India, there is no evidence before me that the
Supreme Court will grant a divorce as opposed to sending the case back to the
district court to deal with.  
  
**_Cheshire and North`s Private International Law_** (13th Ed, 1999), states
at p 347:

> _
>
> (iii) Multiplicity of proceedings
_

> _If litigation involving the same parties and the same issues is continuing
> simultaneously in two different countries, this is referred to as a case
> of**lis alibi pendens**. In such cases the issue facing the English courts
> is not simply that of deciding to which of the alternative fora the claimant
> should have to go to bring his action. Instead, the choice is between, on
> the one hand, trial in England **plus** trial abroad (if a stay is refused)
> and, on the other hand, trial abroad (if a stay is granted). It is very
> undesirable to have concurrent actions in England and abroad: this involves
> more expense and inconvenience to the parties than if trial were held in
> merely one country; it can also lead to two conflicting judgments, with an
> unseemly race by the parties to be the first to obtain a judgment and to
> subsequent problems of estoppel._

  
  
At p 349:

> _A stay will also be refused if there is no country which is a natural forum
> for trial, even if this will mean a multiplicity of proceedings ... The
> weight to be attached to the factor of multiplicity of proceedings will
> depend on the circumstances of the case. It is not a decisive factor in the
> sense of automatically making a foreign forum clearly more appropriate and
> shifting the burden of proof to the claimant to justify trial in England._

  
  
In my view, existing proceedings in another jurisdiction can be a decisive,
although not an automatic, factor depending on the circumstances of the case.  
  
The proceedings in India are based on Mala`s consent, whether given
voluntarily or not. Jayant is exercising his right of appeal and, indeed, he
has been granted special leave to appeal to the Supreme Court of India. I
accept Mr Thomas`s argument that Jayant`s proceedings are not in the initial
stages even though he has not been able to proceed beyond the filing or the
attempt to file the second petition. I also agree that the second petition was
not filed just to show the availability of a forum other than Singapore. It
seems to me that the appropriate approach is to await the outcome of the
appeal to the Supreme Court of India rather than to allow Mala to race towards
getting a decision from a Singapore court that might thwart the outcome of
that appeal. Even though the success of the appeal will not in itself
necessarily mean that a divorce will be granted by the Supreme Court of India,
I do not think that the doctrine of **_lis alibi pendens_** should be
construed as narrowly as Mr Imran had advocated. It is sufficient if the
decision is likely to have an effect on a divorce petition filed in India in
respect of the marriage of the parties and issues arising therefrom.  
  
However, I do not rest my decision on this ground alone. Even if Jayant`s
appeal is not successful, it is open to him to file a fresh petition for
divorce based not on consent but on other grounds. His lawyer has suggested
that he may avail himself of the ground of cruelty and/or desertion. Whether
he will succeed is another matter.  
  
In any event, the question before me is whether there is a more appropriate
forum for Mala to proceed in.  
  
Mr Imran submitted that there was no evidence before me that the courts in
India would have jurisdiction to entertain a divorce petition by either of the
parties although he accepted that there was no evidence denying such
jurisdiction. I note that the Indian lawyers for each of the parties have
given advice as to the available grounds of divorce in India. This must pre-
suppose that India has jurisdiction in the first place. Moreover, Mala`s
complaint is not that India has no jurisdiction but that proceedings in India
take `quite long and are often delayed` and she would have difficulty in
establishing in India the adultery of Jayant (paras 45 and 42 of her affidavit
filed on 13 January 2001). In the circumstances, India`s jurisdiction was
never in issue and it was not open to Mr Imran to suggest otherwise.  
  
As for proving Jayant`s adultery, Mr Imran argued that the witnesses relating
to Jayant`s adultery will be in Singapore as the adultery took place in
Singapore and Jayant and Danialle are, or at least, were, resident in
Singapore at the material time. I am not much swayed by this argument.  
  
First, it is possible for Mala to commence proceedings in India for a divorce
by consent under s 13-B of the Hindu Marriage Act since the parties have since
August 2000 been living separately for more than a year. This is alluded to in
an opinion from Jayant`s lawyer in India, Mr Rajesh Yadav, in his opinion
dated 30 April 2001. Indeed Mr Yadav goes on to say that if Mala is unhappy
with the settlement then she can revive her claim even in the Indian courts.
This opinion is not disputed by Mala`s lawyers in India.  
  
Second, Mala herself has stressed that Jayant has admitted adultery with
Danialle in various e-mail from him. Indeed Mr Imran said that this is
pervasive in the e-mail. The allegation of adultery has also been stated in
her affidavits before the Singapore court and the adultery has not been denied
by Jayant in the body of his affidavits filed in Singapore, although he has
denied the adultery in his rejoinder affidavit for his appeal to the Delhi
High Court. However, in an opinion dated 9 August 2001 from Mala`s lawyer in
India, Sanjoy Ghose, he said that Jayant has in his own appeal to the Delhi
High Court admitted to having committed adultery.  
  
Mr Imran also submitted that a private investigator`s report about the
adultery will have to be obtained by Mala, as is usually the case in
Singapore, and such a report will have to be obtained by a private
investigator in Singapore. However, Mala`s divorce petition in Singapore was
filed without the benefit of such a report. I infer that she was confident
that Jayant`s e-mail to her, in addition to her allegations of what she
herself had discovered and Jayant`s alleged confession to her, were sufficient
evidence and I do not see why her confidence should change if she was
proceeding in India instead.  
  
Third, there are the other issues such as division of property, custody and
maintenance to be dealt with.  
  
These issues were supposed to have been settled. To me, India is the most
appropriate forum to determine whether Mala entered into the settlement
voluntarily and whether the parties have acted upon the settlement, given that
the settlement was with a view towards the filing of a divorce petition in
India and Pranab and Mala are resident in India. Whether the settlement is
unfair to Mala and, if unfair, whether it should still be taken into account,
should also be determined by Indian courts.  
  
Even if there was no settlement, these other issues should still be resolved
by Indian courts.  
  
For example, as regards division of property, Mr Imran submitted that the
moneys of the parties are controlled from Singapore at the time Mala`s
petition was filed here. In my view, even if the moneys are controlled from
Singapore, this is because the parties were both residing in Singapore last
before the events from July 1999. In any event, I find this connection with
Singapore tenuous. Indeed, Mr Thomas has signed an affidavit to say that he
has been informed by Jayant that Jayant has withdrawn all moneys from his bank
accounts with Standard Chartered Bank in Singapore for living expenses in
India. This is allegedly because Jayant has left his job with the bank since 1
July 2000 and was allegedly unable to secure alternative employment in
Singapore, USA or elsewhere. I digress to say that there is no evidence as to
how Jayant came to lose his job with the bank and it was not made clear to me
whether he was asked to leave or whether he initiated his own departure. If
the latter, it is arguable that it was done in order to frustrate Mala`s claim
for maintenance. It is also arguable that if indeed he has withdrawn all
moneys from Standard Chartered Bank in Singapore, and he has gone to India,
this was with a view towards severing his connections with Singapore for the
purpose of the present appeal. Be that as it may, even as at the date of
Mala`s petition, the moneys were not located solely in Singapore.  
  
As for Mr Imran`s argument that Jayant was working in Singapore at the time
Mala`s petition was filed, Jayant was not working only in Singapore during the
marriage. Also, this connection can be severed without too much difficulty and
indeed it has been severed.  
  
As for the parties` immovable property, it is evident that the one in London
has been sold, there are still two pieces of immovable property in India and
none in Singapore.  
  
As regards custody of and access to the children, they are children of Indian
citizens and are residing in India. India is the most appropriate forum to
make orders in respect of them.  
  
Even for maintenance, while a court may wish to consider the previous standard
of living of the family in Singapore, it may also want to consider the cost of
living at the place where the mother and the children are at present residing.  
  
As Lee Seiu Kin JC said in **Low Wing Hong Alvin v Kelso Sharon Leigh** [2001]
1 SLR 173  at [para ]21, `it is more important that the same court consider
and decide these matters [meaning the divorce and ancillary matters such as
custody and access] than to divide the issues to be decided in separate courts
simply because the assets are in another jurisdiction`. It also seems to me
that the real reason why Mala has commenced divorce proceedings in Singapore
is not so much to obtain a divorce. As she herself has indicated, it is
Jayant, not her, who wanted the divorce. There is also an e-mail from Jayant
stating his intention to be engaged to Danialle. In my view, Mala has
proceeded in Singapore because she thinks she will get a better deal here for
the division of property and maintenance.  
  
In all the circumstances, I find that India is clearly the most appropriate
forum to decide on any divorce petition, whether filed by Mala or Jayant, and
questions arising from or in relation to the divorce or the failed marriage
such as division of property, custody and maintenance.  
  
However, Mr Imran sought to persuade me that even if I should make this
finding, I should not order a stay otherwise Mala would lose legitimate
personal or juridical advantages. Based on the opinion from Mala`s lawyer,
Indira Jaising, dated 7 April 2001, these are:

(1) Proceedings in Singapore will be heard faster than in India.

(2) Indian law does not recognise a wife`s contribution as a homemaker and
does not provide for equal division of matrimonial assets.

(3) Orders of Indian courts in respect of properties and assets outside India
cannot be enforced outside India.

  
  
I note that the proceedings in India in respect of Jayant`s appeal to the
Delhi High Court and for special leave to appeal to the Supreme Court of India
have not been unduly slow. Even if, for the sake of argument, divorce
proceedings will be dealt with more slowly than in Singapore, this is not
sufficient to me to avoid a stay. Likewise, even if Indian law does not
recognise a wife`s contribution as a homemaker. Otherwise, so long as the
Singapore courts have jurisdiction, there will be a gravitation of matrimonial
proceedings from a more appropriate foreign forum to the Singapore courts so
that the petitioner can get a quicker hearing and a better deal. I will add
that Singapore law does not provide for equal division of matrimonial assets
as such. It all depends on the facts.  
  
As for the enforcement of an Indian court order, this can be enforced directly
in Singapore (if there are still moneys here) by registration of the order if
it relates to the payment of a sum of money and emanates from a superior court
in India or by the commencement of fresh proceedings in Singapore. Such a step
does not result in duplicity or multiplicity of proceedings, as such, as Mr
Imran was suggesting. It is not a sufficient reason to refuse a stay.  
  
At this point, I digress briefly to say that I was informed by Mr Thomas that
Jayant has stopped making any maintenance payment pending his appeal to the
Supreme Court of India. In my view, this does not reflect well on him. If, as
he maintains, the settlement is binding on the parties, then he should be
acting consistently with his own position and not that of Mala`s. This is all
the more so when his own lawyer, NK Kashyap, has opined on 1 March 2002 that
the Delhi High Court has `decided and settled the issue of interim maintenance
pending the outcome of the appeal to the Supreme Court` (see also Mr Kashyap`s
opinion dated 25 March 2002 which is to the same effect, `The orders on
maintenance were made ...`). On the other hand, Mala has taken the position
that no such order for interim maintenance was made by the Delhi High Court.
Whatever the true position, it is for her to seek such redress as she may be
advised but not by way of the divorce petition or SIC 650813/2001 in
Singapore.  
  
As for a suggestion that much work has already been done in Singapore, I am of
the view that such work was primarily in relation to Jayant`s application in
Singapore for a dismissal or a stay and therefore cannot be a factor in
avoiding a stay.  
  
In all the circumstances, I allow the appeal and order a stay of all
proceedings in DP 2792/2000 including SIC 650813/2001.  
  
I will hear the parties on costs.  
  
**Outcome:**

Appeal allowed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 May 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

