Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Swiss Singapore Overseas Enterprise Pte Ltd v Navalmar UK Ltd (No 2)  
[2002] SGHC 263

Case Number | : | Suit 1331/2002, SIC 4702/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 November 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  R Srivathsan (Haridass Ho and Partners) for plaintiffs; Joseph Tan Wee Kong (Kenneth Tan Partnership) for defendants   
Parties | : |  Swiss Singapore Overseas Enterprise Pte Ltd — Navalmar UK Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Injunctions – Application for stay of execution pending
appeal against interlocutory order for mandatory injunction – Whether
circumstances justify stay of execution  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. The defendants are the owners of the vessel MV Zubaran that they had
chartered to an Indonesian party called Menaras. The Zubaran was carrying a
cargo of timber in respect of which the defendants had issued a total of nine
"freight to collect" bills of lading. They were obliged to issue "freight
prepaid" bills (the switch bills) in exchange for the originally issued bills
when freight has been paid. The plaintiffs had purchased the cargo and re-sold
it to a customer in India. When the defendants refused to issue the switch
bills, the plaintiffs sued in this action and on 5 November 2002, in an
interlocutory application, obtained an order from JC Woo Bih Li for mandatory
injunction requiring the defendants to issue the switch bills to them. Against
this order the defendants intend to appeal and applied by this summons for a
stay of execution.

2\. Before me, Mr. Joseph Tan made several points in which he says are the
substance of the defendants' grounds of appeal. First, he says that there was
no privity of contract between the plaintiffs and themselves and that the
plaintiffs were therefore not the proper party to sue. Secondly, Mr. Tan
submitted that the plaintiffs' counsel, Mr. Srivathsan, had wrongly relied on
the UK Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 when they argued the
injunction application before JC Woo. Counsel submitted that he had filed
affidavit evidence from London counsel to the effect that the said Act had no
application on the facts of this case. The plaintiffs, he says, on the other
hand, had not filed any affidavit to contradict that. Thirdly, Mr. Tan says
that the plaintiffs wrongly suggested that an independent contract was created
by the exchange of correspondence between them and the defendants. That could
not be the case since the plaintiffs paid freight as agents for the
charterers. Payment of freight was an existing obligation of the charterers
and therefore no fresh consideration can be said to have been given in
exchange for the promise to issue the switch bills. Finally, Mr. Tan submitted
that freight was already due in any event and had to be paid, implying that
the payment of freight cannot be a fresh consideration.

3\. It was not disputed that the plaintiffs had made payment of US$258, 341 as
freight charges on 21 October 2002. The defendants however, assert that a sum
of US$187,930 in demurrage is due to them from the charterers. Mr. Srivathsan
drew my attention to the terms of the charterparty which were set out in the
fixture note at p.13 of the affidavit of Vyas Rajendra Kumar, the plaintiffs'
Commercial Executive. In particular counsel pointed out the following term
which in effect states that the defendants were bound to issue the "freight
prepaid" bills against a Letter of Indemnity from their local agent:

> > "Owners to appoint a Singapore agent (free of charge to [the plaintiffs]
> to issue a second set "freight prepaid" BOL against LOI as per owners'
> format which [is] to be signed by their authorised signatory." Furthermore,
> Mr. Srivathsan argued that by the following clause the defendants were not
> entitled to have a lien on the cargo for the purposes of exacting payment of
> demurrage from the charterers: "Demurrage and detention charges, if any,
> including at the loading port to be settled within two weeks of completion
> of discharge of cargo based on relevant supporting documents."

4\. Mr. Srivathsan also drew my attention to the exchange of correspondence
between the plaintiffs and defendants beginning with the defendants’ telefax
to the plaintiffs dated 18 October 2002 in which the defendants pointed out
that freight had not been paid. The plaintiffs then asked for confirmation
that the defendants will switch bills as soon as freight is paid. By a reply
dated 21 October the defendants gave the plaintiffs the confirmation sought.
Mr. Srivathsan submitted that the plaintiffs are a Singapore company with a
paid-up capital of $34,000,000 and there is no suggestion that they will not
be in a position to pay damages should the defendants succeed on appeal,
which, by the nature of the claim, will effectively determine the final
outcome of this suit.

5\. On the submissions before me, it seems that the only concern of the
defendants in not issuing the switch bills is to retain a perceived right to
lien on the cargo. That would be a matter for the appeal proper but at this
stage I am entitled to consider the relative strength of that ground as a
basis for the exercise of my discretion whether to grant a stay. On the facts
and the balance, I am of the view that it does not seem a sufficiently strong
point. Against that, the plaintiffs who have already paid the freight on the
basis of the representation by the defendants that switch bills would be
issued may be liable to their purchasers for breach of contract if the switch
bills are not issued. There is only Mr. Tan's surmise but no evidence before
me to indicate that the plaintiffs paid freight as agents for and on behalf of
the charterers. In any event, I doubt that it would have made any difference
even if they had paid as agents because the confirmation and representation by
the defendants in their response to the plaintiffs on 21 October was
unequivocal and which the plaintiffs or the charterers (if they were the
principals) were entitled to rely on. Mr. Tan says that there was no
consideration moving from the charterers if they were the principals. That
argument ignores the sagely wisdom in the common law contract principle that
although consideration must be sufficient it need not be adequate. That is to
say, that once the subject of exchange is recognised in law as suitable
consideration, quantity is irrelevant. Hence, as natural love and affection
are not reckoned as suitable consideration (when no element of a bargain is
present), it matters not that they were copiously lavished. See, for instance,
_White v Bluett_ (1853) 23 LJ Ex 36. On the other hand, legal tender the
veritable commercial consideration of choice, is good consideration even if
one offers two cents for a piece of cake. In the present case, the payment of
freight was an obligation but the time for payment was not defined save that
the switch bills would be issued only after payment of freight, or when a
letter of indemnity was given, otherwise, the charterers would have to be
satisfied with retrieving their cargo on the basis of the "freight to collect"
bills. Therefore, by their express agreement to issue the switch bills upon
payment the defendants had varied, however slightly, the time for payment.
That is sufficient consideration as there were clear indications of a bargain.

6\. I come now to Mr. Tan's argument that the UK Contract (Rights Against
Third Parties) Act 1999 does not apply and his contention that the plaintiffs
did not file any affidavit of UK lawyers to say how the law under that Act
works. It is true that foreign law is a question of fact and is ordinarily
proved in that manner. But where it comes to English law (European Union law
excepted), it is in my view, unnecessary to require evidence from counsel.
English law, not only the common law principles but even statutes such as the
Sale of Goods Act, have been used in argument by counsel in Singapore without
reference to the opinion of English counsel tendered as evidence of fact.
Furthermore, on the facts in this instant case, I am doubtful that the
defendants' point is at all relevant. When the defendants say to the
plaintiffs that they (the defendants) will issue the switch bills upon payment
of freight by the plaintiffs, it lies ill in their mouth to say that the Act
does not apply. That is really a substantive matter for judge hearing the
substantive application, and as it had been so considered by that judge, in
determining whether a stay ought to be granted, I would only interfere if I
can be persuaded that the judge was palpably wrong. In this case I have not
been persuaded so.

7\. The law as to what is required to be weighed in an application for stay of
execution has been summarised and applied in the judgment of Yong Pung How CJ
in _Lee Sian Hee (t/a Lee Sian Hee Pork Trader) v Oh Kheng Soon (t/a Ban Hon
Trading Enterprise)_ [1992] 1 SLR 77. Basically, a successful litigant is not
to be denied the judgment he had obtained, or have his enjoyment of it
deferred just because of a pending appeal. In exercising the court's
discretion as to whether a stay of execution ought to be granted, the court
will have to consider the grounds of the intended appeal, not substantively as
if sitting in place of the appeal court, but sufficiently to see if there are
merits in it. It ought also to weigh the balance of convenience of a stay
order, and finally, to consider whether the appeal would be rendered nugatory
or academic if a stay was not granted. In the present case, although the order
was an interlocutory one, it effectively dealt with the substantive claim and
involved the issuance of bills of lading which cannot be recalled once they
are acted upon before the appeal, the essence of the dispute is nonetheless
measurable in monetary terms. If the defendants succeed on appeal, damages is
quantifiable and the plaintiffs appear to be viable for payment. I had also
taken into account the fact that the defendants' intended appeal concerns an
interlocutory order as opposed to a final order after the full merits of the
case had been fully argued at trial. The circumstances of this case are such
that oral evidence does not appear to be relevant and, indeed, the arguments
before JC Woo were limited to mostly undisputed facts. In the circumstances, I
am of the view that a case for stay of execution has not been sufficiently
made out and this application was accordingly dismissed.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Nov 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

