Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Teo Kian Leong v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 43

Case Number | : | MA 319/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 March 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Tse Haw (Harry Elias Partnership) for the Appellant; Ivan Chua Boon Chwee (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the Respondent   
Parties | : |  Teo Kian Leong — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Date of commencement of
sentencing – Appellant undergoing sentence of imprisonment – Whether further
sentence of imprisonment to commence immediately or at expiration of existing
term – Application of common law principles of sentencing – Whether total
sentence disproportionate to gravity of offences – s 234(1)Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68)  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

This is an appeal against the trial judge’s decision to order a subsequent
term of imprisonment to commence after the expiration of the appellant’s
existing term of imprisonment which he is currently serving for other
offences. After hearing the arguments of the appellant’s counsel, I dismissed
the appeal and affirmed the decision of the trial judge. I now set out my
reasons.

**

  
Facts

**

2 The appellant, Teo Kian Leong, had initially faced a total of 11 charges
under s 102(b) of the Securities Industry Act (Cap 289) for engaging in acts
connected with the purchase and sale of securities, which operated as a deceit
on another person. These 11 charges related to 11 different individuals, and
each of these 11 charges related to a number of share transactions. On 1
November 2000, the prosecution proceeded on eight of these 11 charges while
the remaining three charges were stood down. The appellant, who claimed trial
to the eight charges, was convicted of all eight charges at the conclusion of
the trial. He was sentenced to serve six months’ imprisonment for each of the
eight charges. The trial judge ordered two of the sentences of imprisonment to
run consecutively with the remaining sentences to run concurrently, making the
total term of imprisonment 12 months. The appellant’s conviction and sentence
relating to the eight charges was subsequently affirmed by this court when
brought up on appeal before me in _Teo Kian Leong v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 147.

3 As a result of the appellant’s representations to the Attorney-General’s
Chambers, the prosecution agreed to proceed on only one of the three remaining
charges and applied for the other two charges to be taken into consideration
for the purposes of sentencing. On 9 November 2001, the appellant pleaded
guilty to the said charge and was sentenced to serve six months’ imprisonment
which the trial judge ordered to commence at the expiration of his existing
12-month sentence bringing the cumulative term of imprisonment to 18 months.

**

  
The Appeal

**

4 While counsel accepts that the six month term of imprisonment is perfectly
appropriate, he contends that the trial judge had erred in the exercise of his
judicial discretion when ordering the said sentence to commence at the
expiration of the appellant’s current sentence instead of immediately. This
resulted in a cumulative sentence of 18 months which is manifestly excessive
and wholly disproportionate to the facts of the case and the severity of the
offences.

5 The sentencing discretion of the Singapore courts in respect of imposing a
subsequent sentence on an accused who is currently serving a term of
imprisonment is governed by s 234(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68),
which reads:

> Where a person who is an escaped convict or is undergoing a sentence of
> imprisonment is sentenced to imprisonment the latter sentence of
> imprisonment _shall_ commence _either_ immediately _or_ at the expiration of
> the imprisonment to which he was previously sentenced as the court awarding
> the sentence directs. [Emphasis added]

6 It was held in the case of _Peter Tham Wing Fai v PP_ [1989] 2MLJ 404 that
this discretion should be exercised "judiciously". In that case, Chao JC (as
he then was) refused to order the one year term of imprisonment for criminal
breach of trust to commence on the date of conviction and ordered that it run
consecutive to the eight year term of imprisonment for 36 forgery charges
which the accused was then serving. He took up counsel’s invitation to put
himself in the shoes of the trial judge and considered whether the trial judge
would have ordered the one year term of imprisonment to run consecutive to the
eight year term, if the charge for criminal breach of trust was dealt together
with the earlier 36 charges for forgery. Chao JC found that, having regard to
the circumstances as a whole, there was more than an even chance that the
trial judge might have ordered the one year term of imprisonment to run
consecutive to the 8-year term. Chao JC also distinguished the case of _R v
Ames, R v Carey_ [1938] 1 ALL ER 515, on the ground that the subsequent charge
in that case was similar to the earlier charge which was not so in the case
before him.

7 To my mind, the court’s judicious exercise of its sentencing discretion in
relation to s 234(1) would necessarily involve having regard to the common law
principles of sentencing applicable to the imposition of consecutive
sentences. These common law principles are namely, the one transaction rule
and the totality principle which have been adopted by the Court of Appeal in
_Kanagasuntharam v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 81 and applied in numerous other local
decisions. A sentencing judge, when deciding whether to order a subsequent
term of imprisonment to run immediately or at the expiration of an existing
term of imprisonment imposed on an earlier occasion, should therefore have
regard to whether the subsequent offence arose in the "same transaction" as
the earlier offence(s), and also to the totality of the sentence to be served
(see _Mohd Akhar Hussain v Assistant Collector of Customs_ A.I.R 1988 S.C
2143). Of course, the application of the one transaction rule is subject to s
234(1) which only extends the court’s sentencing discretion to ordering the
subsequent sentence to commence immediately.

8 However, one must bear in mind that the common law principles are really
there to guide the sentencing courts, whose primary duty is to determine the
appropriate sentence which would best ensure that the ends of justice are met.
No single consideration can conclusively determine the proper sentence and, in
arriving at the proper sentence, the court must balance many factors,
sometimes rejecting some. One factor that the court should consider is whether
the totality of the sentence to be served is proportional to the inherent
gravity of all the offences committed by the accused. Hence, while the
individual sentence for a particular offence may be perfectly appropriate, the
cumulative effect of the sentences may result in a total term of imprisonment
that is disproportionate to the overall criminality of the accused. In
contemplating the totality of the sentences which the accused has to undergo,
a question that the presiding judge can consider is : If all the offences had
been before him, would he still have passed a sentence of similar length? If
not, the judge should adjust the sentence to be imposed for the latest offence
in the light of the aggregate sentence : see _Millen_ (1980) 2 Cr App R (S)
357 and _Watts_ (2000) 1 Cr App R (S) 460. Whether this is done by imposing a
shorter sentence to run consecutively or a longer sentence to commence
immediately, does not at the end of the day make much difference, although in
principle, the judge should as far as possible try to impose a sentence that
is reflective of the gravity of the latest offence(s) in question. ****

9 Returning to the facts of the present case, I was satisfied that, given the
aggravating factors of the case, a total sentence of 18 months was not
disproportionate to the gravity of his offences. Admittedly, although the
total amount of loss for all 11 charges (approximately $500 000) caused by the
appellant would pale in comparison to _PP v Hew Keong Chan_ (approximately
$1.74m, sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment) and _Syn Yong Sing David v PP_
(approximately $ 1.3m, sentenced to four months’ imprisonment), I found that
the aggravating factors in this case far outweighed the factor relating to the
amount of loss.

10 In fact, I had already dealt with these aggravating factors as well as the
case of _PP v Hew Chong Chan_(DAC 21810-6/99)__ and _Syn Yong Sing David_ (MA
226/98/01) in my decision in _Teo Kian Leong v PP_ (above). However, to
recapitulate, the appellant abused the trust reposed in him by 11 different
individuals. This is no small number. Furthermore, unlike the persons involved
in the above two cases cited, these 11 individuals had no knowledge and did
not authorise the appellant to use their accounts for his own benefit. The
entire scheme to deceive and profit from his 11 clients and later escape
responsibility was orchestrated solely on the appellant’s own accord. Not only
did the appellant repeatedly assure his clients, who questioned him about
these additional transactions in their account, that they were "mistakes"
which he would rectify, he boldly continued to carry on with similar
transactions and accumulated even greater losses at the expense of his
clients.

11 In light of the aggravating circumstances of this case, allowing the
appellant’s second term of imprisonment to commence on the date it was ordered
would have the effect of make his total term of imprisonment only 12 months.
This, in my opinion, was not only wholly disproportionate to the criminality
of the appellant but served to reduce the gravity of his crime, making it an
ineffective deterrence for like-minded individuals. Therefore, based on the
foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW  
Chief Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Mar 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

