Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mah Wand Hew v Ong Yew Huat & Another  
[2002] SGHC 281

Case Number | : | OS 1495/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 November 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Siva Murugaiyan and Parveen Kaur Nagpal (Sant Singh Partnership) for plaintiff; Siraj Omar (Drew and Napier) for defendants   
Parties | : | —  
  
Employment Law – Pay – Recovery – Whether plaintiff employee of company  
  
Insolvency Law – Winding up – Liquidator – Notice of rejection of proof of
debt – Whether liquidators wrongly rejected proof of debt  
  
Insolvency Law – Winding up – Liquidator – Proceedings to reverse rejection of
proof of debt – Plaintiff commencing proceedings after expiry of statutory
period – Whether court should exercise discretion to extend time – rr 93,190
Companies (Winding Up) Rules (Cap 50, R1, 1990 Rev Ed)  
  

** Judgment  ** _ Cur Adv Vult _

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

**

Introduction**

1 On 7 December 1998 the plaintiff filed her Proof of Debt in which she
claimed US$142,218.00. It is made up of overdue salary, unused annual leave,
13th month salary for 1997, three months’ salary in lieu of notice and, by far
the largest claim, for retrenchment benefits for 30 years amounting to
US$99,000.00. The defendants as the Liquidators of Hotel Equatorial (S) Pte
Limited rejected the Proof of Debts on 3 April 2000. On 26 September 2000 the
plaintiff filed this Originating Summons and applied to reverse the rejection
of the Proof of Debt, some 5 months after the statutory period of 21 days,
which expired on 24 April, 2000.

2 The threshold question is whether this court should exercise its power to
extend time under Rule 93 of the Companies (Winding Up) Rules which provides
as follows: "If a creditor…is dissatisfied with the decision of the liquidator
in respect of a proof of debt, the Court may, on the application of the
creditor…reverse or vary the decision but subject to the power of the Court to
extend time, no application to reverse or vary the decision of the liquidator
in a winding up by the Court in rejecting a proof sent to him by a
creditor…shall be entertained, unless notice of the application is given
before the expiration of 21 days from the date of the service of the notice of
rejection."

3 If time is extended, the determinative question is whether the plaintiff was
at all material times in the employ of the defendants or of its venture in
Guangzhou, Peoples’ Republic of China ("PRC"). If that question is resolved
and the defendants were the employer of the plaintiff, this court can then go
further and determine if the defendants are liable to pay each of the
constituent claim of the plaintiffs as an employee following the retrenchment
of the staff of the defendants.

**

The background

**

4 The plaintiff has worked initially for the defendants and later (to use a
neutral expression) in other establishments with which the defendants have had
some business dealings for some 29 years from 10 August 1969 to 13 August,
1998. On or about 4 December 1998 the defendants were placed under creditors’
voluntary liquidation and the defendants were appointed as liquidators of the
company.

5 The plaintiff began her career with the defendant company as a waitress but
was soon promoted to work in the company’s finance department. In January
1989, the plaintiff accepted an offer by the company to work as a Accounts
Assistant. The plaintiff accepted and following her acceptance she proceeded
to work at the Guangzhou Hotel Equatorial, which the defendant company
operated. I shall elaborate on the terms of the management contract. Whether
she remained as an employee of the defendant company or whether she had become
an employee of Guangzhou Hotel Equatorial is a central question to which I
shall have to return.

6 It is common ground that the land and premises in which Guangzhou Hotel
Equatorial operated were owned by a Chinese entity known as the Guangzhou
International Investment Mansion ("the Owners"). The defendant company, having
established some reputation in the hotel industry, was appointed as managers
under and pursuant to a management contract dated 15 May 1988 ("the Management
Contract"). In my view, the key to determine the identity of the employers of
the plaintiff lies in a precise understanding of the nature, scope and the
respective duties and obligations of the Owners and the defendant company.
Another significant key is to identify and understand the legal status of
Guangzhou Hotel Equatorial under the laws of the PRC.

7 However, disputes arose between the defendant company and the Owners
sometime in 1992/3. In 1994 the Owners commenced arbitration proceedings. In
early 1998 an adverse final award was given against the defendant company. It
is not relevant for present purposes to know in any detail the nature of the
disputes. Suffice it to say that on or about 5 March 1998, the Owners entered
upon the premises of the hotel and took possession of it. In the wake of this
self-help operation, the hotel business ceased and most of the employees
working in the hotel were forced to leave.

8 At the request of the defendant company, and it was not seriously disputed,
the plaintiff remained on the premises to settle the outstanding financial
maters between the defendant company and the Owners. She looked after and
acted in the best interest of the defendant company at, I would add on the
evidence, some peril to her own personal safety. She feared for her safety but
she stayed behind on the promise of the managing director of the defendant
company that representatives from the defendant company from Singapore would
be sent to assist her. Help never came. After two weeks of living in fear and
trepidation, the plaintiff escaped from the Owners on 24 March 1998, carrying
with her only her handbag, passport and clothes on her back. She made her way
from Guangzhou to Hong Kong, and thence to Kuala Lumpur and Singapore.

9 After her return to Singapore, the plaintiff attended the defendant
company’s managing director on at least 10 occasions. She gave information
regarding the takeover, including the handing over of the accounts. She
repeatedly asked for her salaries. Finally she was paid her October and
November 1998 salaries of US$3,300 per month. According to her, the managing
director promised that she would be paid her outstanding salary shortly.

10 Instead of paying her the arrears of salary, the defendant comp[any on 13
August 1998 wrongfully terminated the plaintiff’s employment with effect,
retrospectively, from 31 March 1998. In September, 1998 the plaintiff engaged
solicitors to recover her outstanding salary and other benefits due to her
from the defendant company. Owing to the liquidation of the defendant company,
legal proceedings were discontinued and a Proof of Debt was lodged.

11 The claims amounted to US$142,218.00 and the particulars of the claims are
as follows:

> > PARTICULARS  
>> ---  
>> Overdue salary from December 1997 To July 1998 at US$3,300 per month  US$26,400.00 |   
>> Overdue salary from 1 August 1998  To 13 August 1998 (pro-rated) | US$ 1,383.00  
>> Unused annual leave for 1997 (21 days) | US$ 2,235.00  
>> 13th months salary for 1997 | US$ 3,300.00  
>> 3 months’ salary in lieu for 1997 | US$ 9,900.00  
>> Retrenchment benefits for 30 years of service At US$3,300.00 per year  | US$99,000,00  
>> Total  | US$142,218.00  
  
12 About 1 year after lodging her Proof of Debt, the Liquidators of the
defendant company issued their Notice of Rejection of Proof of Debt. They
alleged that the documents they had did not support the claims.

13 The plaintiff, not unexpectedly, encountered serious financial
difficulties, not having received any income for some time and not been able
to find employment until August 1999. She had to resort to loans from friends
and relatives. When she was financially able and after obtaining more
documentation in this case, she instructed solicitors to pursue her claims.
Financially, she commenced these proceedings on 26 September 2000.

**

Extension of time

**

14 The power of the Court to extend time is set out in Rule 190 of the
Companies (Winding Up) Rules which provides:

> > "The Court may, in any case which it fit, extend or abridge the time
> appointed by these Rules or fixed by any order of the Court for doing any
> act or taking any proceeding."

15 On the evidence, I am satisfied that she did not commence these proceedings
because she was financially unable to do so. She did not have money to pay her
solicitors. I accept the evidence of Mah Seng Peng and Tan Lye Choo regarding
her financial embarrassment. Her adverse financial position was due to the
fact she had not been paid her remuneration and other benefits. The period of
her financial embarrassment was lengthened when the Liquidators’ adjudication
of the Proof of Claim took almost 16 months. The defendants have not shown
that they would be unjustly prejudiced by the extension of time. The
liquidators were all too aware of the objections and they had not carried out
any distributions of dividends to such an extent that they would not be able
to meet the payment of these claims, if found liable, since these claims enjoy
a very high priority in the liquidation of the assets of the defendant
company. Having balanced the competing reasons, I am of the opinion that this
is fit and proper case for the granting of the extension of time.

**

Was plaintiff employed by defendant company or Guangzhou Hotel Equatorial?

**

16 The Liquidators of the defendant company, relying on the evidence of its
former Managing Director, concluded that the plaintiff was employed by
Guangzhou Hotel Equatorial and not by the defendant company. She claimed that
she was at all material times employed by the defendant company. I now turn to
the question, namely who was her employers.

17 On or about 16 January 1989, the defendant company issued a letter of offer
of employment to the plaintiff to work at the Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel as an
Accounts Assistant. The plaintiff duly accepted the offer. The Managing
Director of the defendant company gave evidence that the offer was made on
behalf of Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel. I am unable to accept this evidence.

18 Under the Management Contract dated 15 May 1988 entered into between the
defendant company and the Owners, read as whole, it is clear beyond any
peradventure that the defendant company "shall have the undisputed right of
management according to law": see Chapter Three, Article IV, Chapter Four,
Article XXIII and Chapter Five, Article XV. By Chapter Five, Article XVIII
(see 1AB19) it was clearly agreed between them that "Party B [i.e. the
defendant company] shall be responsible for and settle on its own all the
debts and claims within the period of contractual management." This was the
re-interpreted version.**** The central feature of the Management Contract was
this: the defendant company undertook to pay the Owners a fixed sum,
regardless of the profitability or otherwise of managing the hotel in
Guangzhou. Its duration was at least 16 years subject to earlier termination
if there was a breach.

19 In truth and in fact, the defendant company managed the hotel on its own.
It was responsible for the revenue from the running of the hotel. All payments
for rooms, food and beverages and other services were paid to the management
of the hotel and out of the revenue earned the salaries and all other
outgoings and expenses were paid. In fact, the financial results of the
management of the hotel in Guangzhou year on year was brought into the
accounts of the defendant company. Mr Chong Leong Tian @ Mr Franklin Chong,
PW5, the Regional Financial Controller of the defendant company at the
material time, in his affidavit evidence of 20 November 2001 said that
Guangzhou Hotel Equatorial was not treated as a subsidiary of the defendant
and, accordingly, the hotel’s accounts were not reflected in the consolidated
audited accounts. However, Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel’s operations were
treated as part and parcel of the defendant company’s operations. The profits
earned from and the losses incurred by the defendant company’s management of
the hotel were reflected as a single figure in the audited accounts of the
defendant company. The defendant company did not challenge this evidence.

20 The auditor of the defendant company, Mr Yeo Oon Jin, PW2**** confirmed
that this accounting treatment with reference to the 1997 audited accounts of
the defendant company. He said that the revenue reflected in the 1997 audited
accounts of the defendant company included the revenue of Guangzhou Equatorial
Hotel. Similarly, the expenses of Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel were included in
the defendant company’s expenses. In short, the operating results of Guangzhou
Equatorial Hotel were aggregated with those of the defendant company. Mr Yeo
Oon Jin further confirmed that whilst salaries were not specifically itemized
in the accounts, salaries were included in the computation of the expenses of
both Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel and the defendant company.

21 Mr Yeo Oon Jin further confirmed that the reason why the operations of
Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel were consolidated with those of the defendant
company was due to the Management Contract which provided that the defendant
company would be responsible for the operating results of Guangzhou Equatorial
Hotel. This accounting treatment is, in my view, consistent with the basic
structure of the Management Agreement. The basic structure was this: the
defendant company would manage the hotel exclusively and, win or loose, it has
to pay the Owners a fixed sum yearly. Under the Management Contract, that
payment was due and payable regardless of the profitability or otherwise of
the hotel in Guangzhou.

22 The status of the plaintiff was further confirmed by the evidence of Mr
Chong Leong Tian @ Mr Franklin Chong. As I had described earlier, he was at
the material time the Regional Financial Controller of the defendant company.
He was personally involved in both financial and human resource matters for
the defendant company. In describing the nature of the plaintiff’s employment,
he said that she was an employee of the defendant company on assignment at the
hotel in Guangzhou.

23 He said: "In addition to employing staff from Guangzhou, it was the
intention of [the defendant company] to send some of their staff from
Singapore to Guangzhou to work as expatriates at the hotel. The plaintiff was
one of the employees of [the defendant company] who was offered an overseas
assignment to work at the hotel. None of the expatriates working at the hotel
was directly employed by the hotel as the recruitment of expatriates was
solely the responsibility of and at the discretion of [the defendant
company]….As the Regional Financial Controller…, I was authorized to oversee
all financial and administrative matters…including the movement of human
resources of the Hotel. The Hotel was required to seek final approval in
respect of these matters and would approach me, the General manager of [the
defendant company] or the final decision maker, the Managing Director of [the
defendant company] for the approval. The Hotel would normally execute all
operational matters according to the directives by [the defendant company]."
The evidence of Mr Chong Leong Tian was not challenged by the defendant
company.

24 The plaintiff was recruited by the defendant company. She was paid, in
effect, by the defendant company for her work in Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel.
She was directed and controlled in respect of her work by higher officers of
the defendant company. She often took direct instructions from the Managing
Director of the defendant company. The fact of control and direction was
highlighted by the Court of Appeal in _Awang bin Dollah v Shun Shing
Construction & Engineering Co Ltd and other appeals_ [1997] 3 SLR 677. In my
judgment, she was the employee of the defendant company.

**

Six Claims

**

25 I turn now to the particulars of claims of the plaintiff, which are
described under six items. Of the six heads of claims, I will allow the two
claims for overdue salaries, the 3 months’ salary in lieu of termination
notice and the largest single claim of US$99,000.00 as retrenchment benefits
for 30 years of service at US$3,300.00 per year. As for the claims for unused
annual leave for 1997 and the 13th month salary for 1997 it is quite clear
that the plaintiff is not contractually entitled to them.

26 In relation to the two claims for overdue salaries, there is no doubt that
the last drawn salary received by the plaintiff was US$3,300.00 per month. The
General Manager of the defendant company confirmed this in his letter of 1
October 1996. It was also evidenced in the payment voucher recording the
payment of her salary for the months of October and November 1997. The
plaintiff had not received any other salary payment. Accordingly, her salary
remained outstanding from December 1997. On 13 August 1998 the defendant
company stating that her employment with the Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel had
terminated on 31 March 1998 following the closure of the operations of
Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel. In my view, the defendant company’s letter was
written on the erroneous assumption and mistaken view that the plaintiff was
an employee of the Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel. For the reasons I had set out
earlier, she was at all material times the employee of the defendant company.
That the plaintiff had written to the Managing Director of the defendant
company on 21 August 1998 claiming overdue salary from December 1997 to March
1998 did not take away the validity of her claim for overdue salaries. She did
not have the benefit of legal analysis. That being so, the defendant company
should have given her the 3 months’ notice as from 13 August 1998 or pay 3
months’ salary in lieu.

27 The next head of claim to consider is the claim for salary in lieu of
notice. It is clear from the ‘Termination of Employment’ clause in the
agreement, a copy of which is in 1AB24-27, she is entitled to be paid a sum
equivalent to 3 months’ salary if notice of termination was not given to her.
She was not served the notice of termination because the defendant company had
taken the wrong view that she was an employee of Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel.
In _Alexander Proudfoot Production Services Co S’pore Pte Ltd v Sim Hua Ngee
Alvin and another appeal_[1993] 1 SLR 494, it was held that the correct
measure of damages for wrongful dismissal is the amount the employee would
have earned under the contract for the period until the employer could
lawfully have terminated it, less the amount he could reasonably be expected
to earn in other employment.

28 The plaintiff claimed the sum of US$99,000.00 being the retrenchment
benefits due from the defendant on the basis that it had decided and in their
letters of 14 June and 15 August 1997 indicated that retrenchment benefits
would be paid to **all** employees of the defendant company, whether unionised
or non-unionised employees who had served continuously three (3) years or more
at the rate of one month’s last drawn basic salary for each year of continuous
service and a proportionate part thereof for any incomplete year of service:
see 3AB894, 903-913. As a matter of the common law of Singapore, it was common
ground that an employee is not entitled to retrenchment benefits on the basis
of long service. He is only entitled to be paid retrenchment benefits if the
employer had agreed to do so: see _**** Bethleham Singapore Pte Ltd v Ler Hock
Seng_ [1995] 1 SLR 1 and _Loh Siok Wah v American International Co Ltd_ [1999]
1 SLR 281.

29 During cross examination, the Managing Director of the defendant company,
confirmed that those who were paid retrenchment included non-unionised and
executive employees of the defendant company. This was confirmed by Ms Tan Lye
Choo, PW3, an executive who received retrenchment benefits herself. For an
example of an executive non-unionised employee who was paid retrenchment
benefits was Mr Chang Ying Hua, the Operations Manager of the defendant
company. He had worked in Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel for a period of time. It
was quite fortuitous that he had returned to Singapore when the decision to
retrench was made. He was not out of sight and out of mind. He was paid
S$46,962.00 for 9 years of continuous service with the defendant company.

30 The only reason why the plaintiff was not paid was because of the mistaken
classification of her as an employee of Guangzhou Equatorial Hotel. The
defendant company’s agreement to pay retrenchment benefits calculated on the
formula stated above was meant for **all** employees of the defendant company.
Since the plaintiff was the employee of the defendant company I have no doubt
that the defendant company would have paid her the retrenchment benefits if
she had been correctly classified as an employee. I refer to the 1st affidavit
of the Managing Director of the defendant. In paragraph 20 she stated: "Before
[the defendant company] was placed in liquidation, a list of all the employees
along with their retrenchment entitlement was drawn up. The plaintiff’s name
was not on this list because she was not an employee.**If the plaintiff had
been an employee, the company would certainly have paid her any retrenchment
benefits due to her. There was no reason for the company to try and swindle
her while paying its other employees."** (emphasis added).

31 Accordingly, the decision of the Liquidators in rejecting the Proof of Debt
is reversed in part. There will be an order that the items of claims allowed
in accordance with this judgment be paid according to the priority as set out
in the Companies Act. The defendant company is to pay costs to the plaintiff.

Sgd:

Lai Kew Chai

Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Nov 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

