Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Christian Schuler v New Era of Networks (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGHC 220

Case Number | : | Suit 1303/2001/W  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 September 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lee Seiu Kin JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Michael Eu (ComLaw LLC) for the plaintiff; Andy Leck and Jonathan Lim (Wong & Leow LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Christian Schuler — New Era of Networks (Singapore) Pte Ltd   
  
**Judgment** _Cur Adv Vult_

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1 The Defendant is a company registered in Singapore and is the local
subsidiary of New Era of Network, Inc ("NEON"), a U.S. company.

2 The Plaintiff was an employee of the Defendant. By letter dated 23 May 2001,
the Defendant terminated the Plaintiff’s employment by giving him six months’
notice pursuant to the terms of his employment. This meant that his employment
would end on 23 November 2001. However the letter stated that the Defendant
was in the course of investigating an allegation that the Plaintiff had made
an unauthorised bonus payment to himself of the sum of $72,000. Pending that,
the Defendant reserved its right to take further action against the Plaintiff.
At that time the Plaintiff was the Defendant’s Senior Vice-President and
Managing Director, responsible for its operations in the Asia-Pacific.

3 By a further letter dated 6 June 2001 the Defendant advised the Plaintiff
that it had completed the investigation and was satisfied that the Plaintiff
had made the bonus payment without authorisation, in contravention of its
instructions. On that ground, the Defendant terminated the Plaintiff’s
employment with immediate effect. This would have the effect of depriving the
Plaintiff of the six months’ salary that he would have received had he been
permitted to serve out the notice period in accordance with the terms of the
letter of 23 May 2001. The Plaintiff contends that the summary dismissal was
wrongful and commenced this action to claim the following:

> > (i) US$100,000 being salary in lieu of notice or alternatively damages for
> wrongful termination;
>>

>> (ii) US$40,000 being the balance of the unpaid bonus for the year 2000;

>>

>> (iii) US$10,000 being the balance of his bonus for the first quarter of
2001;

>>

>> (iv) US$150,000 being the bonus for the second, third and fourth quarters
of 2001 or alternatively damages; and

>>

>> (v) interest and costs.

4 The Defendant denies all liability on the ground that the dismissal was
justified and that the Plaintiff was not entitled to the bonuses claimed. The
Defendant counterclaims for $72,000 which the Plaintiff had caused to be paid
to himself as part payment of his bonus for the first quarter of 2001 (and in
respect of which the Plaintiff claims the balance of US$10,000).

**

The facts

**

5 The Plaintiff joined SLI Consulting International AG ("SLICI") in 1992 and
in 1996 acquired a 13.3% share of the company. He developed the company’s
business in the USA and Asia-Pacific, incorporating the following subsidiary
companies in the process: SLI Consulting Sdn Bhd in Malaysia, SLI Consulting
Ltd in Hong Kong and SLI Consulting Pte Ltd in Singapore. In October 1998, he
moved to Singapore and became the Managing Director of SLI Consulting Pte Ltd.
He was concurrently a director in all SLI Consulting entities in Malaysia,
Singapore and Hong Kong.

6 Under the terms of his employment contract with SLI Consulting Pte Ltd, he
was paid a gross salary of $15,000 per month and an objective-based bonus of
$120,000 per year. In respect of termination, SLI Consulting Pte Ltd had the
right to forthwith terminate his employment at any time without prior notice
in the event of any misconduct, disobedience, negligence, incompetence and
breach of duty of good faith on his part in the course of carrying out his
duties as a Managing Director. Otherwise, his employment may be terminated,
unless mutually agreed, by six months’ prior written notice.

7 In early 1999, NEON entered into negotiations to acquire SLICI and all its
subsidiaries. At the time the shareholders of SLICI were Franz Koepper who
controlled 66.6% of the total shareholding, the Plaintiff who had 13.3%, and
two others who held the remaining 20%. The acquisition took place in May 1999.
Koepper was appointed a Senior Vice-President of NEON and the Chief Executive
Officer of the SLI group worldwide.

8 Sometime in June 1999 Koepper, on behalf of the Defendant, verbally agreed
with the Plaintiff that from the date of the acquisition the Plaintiff would
be employed by the Defendant on the same employment conditions that he had
prior to the acquisition. Koepper also informed him that a written contract
would be drawn once the revised terms have been agreed upon. They agreed that
for the time being, the Plaintiff would be employed on the conditions of his
original employment contract with SLI Consulting Pte Ltd but increases of
salary and objective-based bonus might also be made by oral agreement
according to any increased responsibilities.

9 Sometime in February 2000, the Plaintiff was promoted to the position of
Vice-President and headed its Asia-Pacific Commercial Business unit. The
promotion and new reporting lines were introduced during a Sales Conference
held in February 2000 at Denver, Colorado, USA. At a subsequent Sales
Conference in July 2000 at Denver, the Plaintiff was further promoted to
Senior Vice-President and Managing Director of the Defendant, placing him in
charge of NEON's operation in the Asia-Pacific.

10 Around October 2000, the Plaintiff negotiated with Leslie Lundberg, NEON’s
Vice-President, Human Resources in respect of his remuneration for 2000 and
2001. Lundberg confirmed that for 2000, the Plaintiff’s base salary would be
US$160,000 with an objective-based bonus of a further US$160,000. For 2001,
Lundberg confirmed that the Plaintiff’s base salary would be US$200,000. As
for the objective based bonus, Lundberg suggested that it be based on a
percentage of revenue and proposed a figure of 0.8% on the basis of a target
revenue of $25 million and target bonus of US$200,000. According to the
Defendant, the parties did not reach any agreement on the issue of the target
bonus for 2001 by the time matters came to a head in May 2001. However the
Plaintiff contended that there was agreement on an annual target revenue of
US$16.7 million with a first quarter target of US$2 million. I shall deal with
this dispute of fact later.

11 In early January 2001 the Plaintiff requested Lundberg to process and make
payment of his bonus for the year 2000. Lundberg requested the Plaintiff to
provide some information for that purpose, which the Plaintiff did. Lundberg
consulted Fred Horn, NEON’s Executive Vice-President, Operations at the time,
and the person to whom the Plaintiff reported directly. There was some
disagreement as to the quantum that the Plaintiff was entitled to. The
Plaintiff claimed that he ought to receive the full US$160,000 while Horn took
the position that he was only entitled to three-quarters, i.e. US$120,000 as
he had only achieved the target revenue for the first three quarters of 2000.
The matter was escalated to Pat Fortune, the President and Chief Operating
Officer of NEON at the time, who decided that the Plaintiff should only
receive US$120,000 as his bonus for 2000. He was eventually paid that sum. The
Plaintiff was unhappy with the decision and in an e-mail dated 17 March 2001,
notified Fortune that he would refer the matter to his legal counsel in the
US. The Plaintiff followed this up with an e-mail dated 6 April to Leonard
Goldstein, NEON’s corporate counsel, setting out his case and holding out for
a settlement.

12 Such were the inter-personal atmospherics in the first three months of
2001. Meanwhile another acquisition was in the offing. On 20 February 2001
Sybase, Inc ("Sybase"), a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange,
entered into an agreement ("Acquisition Agreement") to acquire all the shares
of NEON. A public offer was also made to acquire all the publicly traded
shares of NEON. This acquisition triggered the chain of events that gave rise
to the present dispute.

13 The Acquisition Agreement provided that NEON and its subsidiaries could
carry on their normal business during the transition period, but they were not
to enter into any commitments that were not in the ordinary course of
business. In order to comply with those provisions it was decided to implement
certain payment control procedures which would give the NEON head office close
control over cash disbursements. Another reason for these measures was the
need to ensure that the financial information that had been disclosed to
Sybase during the due diligence exercise remained accurate. Indeed, according
to Lonnie Clark, NEON’s Vice-President, Accounting, there was talk at the time
that various individuals were going to pay bonuses to themselves without
validation that they had earned it and Sybase had requested NEON to tighten
its controls.

14 Pursuant to this decision, two instructions emanated from NEON corporate
headquarters to its subsidiaries worldwide. The first was dated 4 April 2001,
an e-mail from Brian Duff, the Vice-President and Corporate Controller. It was
addressed to various authorised signatories of bank accounts and the
Plaintiff’s name was under the "cc" category. This e-mail, which the Plaintiff
admitted receiving, reads as follows:

> > Subject: Payment of Commission and Bonuses – Sybase definitive agreement
>>

>> Steve Webb has asked me to inform you that in order to ensure compliance
with the terms of the NEON/Sybase Definitive Agreement any and all payments of
commissions and bonuses worldwide relating to Q1 2001 or prior performance
requires to be pre-approved by Leslie Lundberg and Brian Duff. This e-mail is
going to you as you are all authorized signatories on your respective country
bank accounts. By copy of this e-mail you are instructed not to sign or have
signed on your behalf any checks relating to commission or bonuses payments
without Leslie or my pre-approval.

>>

>> This procedure will be in place only through the transition and is aimed
solely at ensuring compliance with the terms of the Definitive Agreement
entered into with Sybase. Attached is a listing of all our active bank
accounts and the respective signature authorizations. If you have any
questions please contact me.

15 On 10 April 2001 Clark sent an e-mail to various authorised signatories of
the bank accounts of NEON and its subsidiaries worldwide. The Plaintiff’s name
was also in the "cc" category. However he denied receiving it. The e-mail
contained the following message:

> > Subject: New Purchase control procedures – Sybase definitive agreement
>>

>> Importance: High

>>

>> To all,

>>

>> This message is to inform all authorized signatories on respective country
bank accounts of a new purchase control procedures [sic]. These procedures
will be in place only through the transition of the merger and are aimed at
ensuring copliance [sic] with the terms of the Definitive Agreement we have
entered into with Sybase. Effective immediately, all cash disbursements for
items in excess of $10,000US, or the equivalent amount in your respective
functional currency, must be approved by myself and/or Rick Adam prior to the
release of company funds. Should you have normal operating rent or payroll tax
obligations that exceed this limit, these items will be excepted from this
authorization control.

>>

>> All authorizations should be faxed or emailed to my attention. Please copy
Suelyn Perkins-Ghormley on all authorizations requests so that she can be sure
to assist us in working through the authorizations on a timely basis.

>>

>> Thank you for all your help implementing these procedures.

>>

>> Lonnie

16 It should be recalled that NEON was in a state of flux by this time as the
acquisition by Sybase was expected to result in a major restructuring. The
Plaintiff said that by early April 2001 he was being sidelined as all his
subordinates were transferred to other supervisors and he was without any
functional staff. He was cut off from the executive circulation list. As he
had accumulated a substantial amount of leave, he took leave for four weeks
from 4 April 2001 and after that extended it for another three weeks. He said
that when he went to the office during that period, he could not do anything.
Indeed by 23 April 2001, the decision was made by Sybase to terminate his
services due to redundancy and preparations were afoot to give him the formal
notice.

17 Meanwhile the Plaintiff wanted to be paid his bonus for the first quarter
of 2001. He sent an e-mail dated 6 May 2001 to Horn, copied to Fortune and
Lundberg in the US, and to Peh Soo Lin and Tan Yew Yen in Singapore. Peh was
the Defendant’s Regional Manager, Human Resources and Tan was its Accountant.
The e-mail advises that he had authorised payment to himself of a provisional
bonus of US$40,000 and asks Horn to verify the exact amount. It states as
follows:

> > Subject: RE: APA Q1/2001
>>

>> Hi Fred

>>

>> I believe this one has to be reconfirmed by your self as you’ve negotiated
targets/compensation with me. Dan Carle never responded to any attempts of my
attorney to contact him. Len Goldstein has left the company around the date of
your e-mail. As the operational Review confirm the revenue numbers outlined
and beat your 2 [million] Target given during the executive meeting I have
authorized payment of a Q1/2001 provisional Bonus of USD 40K (Target Bonus
50K/Q, 200K/Y). Please verify the exact amount and let me know of any
adjustments/amendmends [sic].

>>

>> Agree on focussing growing the business furhter [sic].

>>

>> Best regards,

>>

>> Chris Schuler

18 The following day, on 7 May 2001, the Plaintiff presented the Defendant's
cheque for $72,000, being payment of the provisional bonus of US$40,000 in
equivalent Singapore currency. The payment was cleared on 8 May. Up to that
time, there had been no response to his e-mail of 6 May from Horn or anybody
else in the US. It is this act that the Defendant relies on to summarily
dismiss the Plaintiff in its letter of 6 June 2001.

19 The Defendant alleged that the Plaintiff had committed misconduct by
contravening the instructions given in the two e-mail dated 4 April and 10
April 2001 thereby breaching his duty of fidelity and good faith to the
Defendant. The Plaintiff alleged that he did not receive the e-mail of 10
April and submitted that he had not contravened the instructions in the 4
April e-mail. Furthermore, even if he was in contravention, the Plaintiff
contends that it was an oversight on his part and did not justify summary
dismissal.

**

E-mail of 10 April 2001

**

20 The main dispute of fact between the parties is whether the Plaintiff
received e-mail of 10 April 2001 sent by Clark. In the ordinary course of
things, that e-mail would have been delivered by the computer system, like all
the other e-mail referred to in evidence (the deliveries of which are not in
dispute). Occasionally e-mail fail to get delivered to certain addressees for
a variety of reasons. In such instances the e-mail system would generate an
e-mail to the sender advising of the non-delivery. Clark said that she had not
received any such e-mail advising her of non-delivery of her 10 April e-mail
to the Plaintiff. Counsel for the Plaintiff did not cross-examine Clark on
this point nor suggest to her that she had received such a non-delivery
advice.

21 To corroborate his evidence that he did not receive Clark’s 10 April
e-mail, the Plaintiff adduced evidence of the difficulties encountered by the
Defendant with its e-mail server which resulted in certain e-mail being
undelivered. Marcus Wan, the Defendant’s IT Manager Asia-Pacific, testified
that the Plaintiff had complained to him of non-delivery of e-mail in October
2000. Wan carried out a number of test e-mail to check that the system was
functioning. The Plaintiff again complained about this in December 2001 and
again Wan sent a test e-mail to check. On 20 March 2001 the Plaintiff
complained to Wan about an e-mail he could not send or receive and sent to Wan
a test e-mail which went through. Finally on 3 April 2001 the Plaintiff asked
Wan to fix his "chris.schuler@neonsoft.com" e-mail address as he was
experiencing problems with it. A number of test messages flowed between Wan
and the Plaintiff between 3 and 5 April to test the system. Wan did not
encounter any problem with any of these test e-mail and he could only conclude
that the system was working at that point in time. But Wan said that this did
not mean it was working properly all the time as the Plaintiff would not have
made those complaints. Wan said that there had been a lot of problems with the
e-mail system since it was first installed. In response to this, counsel for
the Defendant pointed out that the Plaintiff received an e-mail from Duff –
who was in the same office as Clark in Denver, Colorado – on 10 April, the
date of Clark’s e-mail. The Plaintiff had even replied to that e-mail. This,
counsel contended, showed that there was nothing wrong with the delivery of
e-mail from the Denver server.

22 In general it is difficult to prove a negative and in the present case
there is evidence of some problem with the Defendant’s e-mail server. However
there are several factors in the present case that contradict the Plaintiff’s
version.

23 The first is the fact that he initially took the position that he did not
receive not just Clark’s e-mail of 10 April but also Duff’s e-mail of 4 April.
This is pleaded in 2 of his Reply filed on 14 January 2002, in which he denied
receiving both e-mail at the material time. However in its affidavits
evidence-in-chief the Defendant produced an e-mail from the Plaintiff which
was a response to Duff’s e-mail. At the trial, the Plaintiff admitted to
receiving Duff’s e-mail, but took the position that he did not consider that
the instruction applied to him. However he maintained his position that he did
not receive Clark’s e-mail at the time.

24 The second factor relates to the chronology of the payment. The impression
given by the Plaintiff in his affidavit evidence-in-chief was that he had been
open about the payment. Prior to the payment, on 5 May 2001, he had made a
formal announcement by e-mail to Horn and Lundberg in the US, as well as to
Tan and Peh in Singapore. It was only after he had ascertained that there was
no objection from Horn or Lundberg that he effected the payment on 8 May. This
was what he said in his affidavit:

> > 14\. Following the end of Q1/2001 in April the operational review showed
> that I had achieved the revenue target for the first quarter of 2001 and is
> entitled to a bonus of US$50,000.00 pursuant to the revised terms of my
> employment with the Defendants as set out above. I informed Regional Human
> Resource Manager, Ms Peh Soo Lin and Finance Manager Tan Yew Yen, that I
> would be making a provisional down payment of US$40,000.00 for the bonus for
> the first quarter of 2001.
>>

>> 15\. On 5 May 2001, I made a formal announcement by e-mail of the payment
of this provisional bonus to the Defendants’ Fred Horn, Leslie Lundberg and
Ms. Tan Yew Yen and Ms. Peh Soo Lin. I also asked Ms Peh Soo Lin to verify
with Fred Horn and Leslie Lundberg on the exact amount. I understand from her
that she did not receive any response from them. Accordingly, I effected the
US$40,000.00 payment on May 8, 2001.

25 It was pointed out to him in cross-examination that the e-mail concerned
appeared to be dated Sunday 6 May 2001 and not 5 May as he had claimed. He
agreed that it was sent out on 6 May. Counsel then suggested that, as the
cheque was cleared on Tuesday 8 May, he would have presented it on Monday 7
May. He conceded that it must have been presented on 7 May. When it was
pointed out to him that Horn and Lundberg would not have gone to work to read
the e-mail by the time he presented the cheque he changed his tack. This was
what he said:

> > Q: Anytime prior to close of business on 7 May would still be before
> business hours in US on Monday?
>>

>> A: I guess so.

>>

>> Q: So there would not be any time for the relevant people to approve or
object to the payment?

>>

>> A: Not correct. I made a provisional payment which I asked for verification
of exact amount. Even if I had banked in a cheque, an objection could be made
and I could be told to pay it back. AB123, I sent e-mail to Jim Parks on
10.5.2001 to say I've made payment already. On 11.5.2001, Jim Parks replies,
attaching 10 April e-mail from Lonnie Clark and reminds me of this. I told Jim
Parks that I had made payment already and copied to Tan Yew Yen, Lonnie Clark,
Fred Horn, Pat Fortune and Leslie Lundberg to remind them to verify. This was
again an opportunity for them to get back to me to say that there was
something wrong. I was Senior Vice President, in charge of 100 people and
eight years with company. I only get copied on an instruction, and there was
not even a hint that there was something wrong. Moreover, on 11 May 2001 in
telephone conference with Fred Horn and Leslie Lundberg, which my wife heard
on speaker phone, Fred Horn mentioned that they were terminating me for
redundancy and the bonuses for 2000 and 2001 would be paid in full. There
would have been an opportunity to say that there was something wrong, but it
was not mentioned at all.

26 It can be seen that the Plaintiff's initial position was that his 6 May
e-mail to Horn and Lundberg was a "formal announcement" and he had only
effected payment when he did not receive any objection from them. When it was
shown that he did not wait long enough for such objection to be made, he
changed his position. It became a request for verification of the exact
amount. Even this explanation is disingenuous because on his own case, he had
achieved the agreed target revenue of US$2 million for the first quarter and
the exact amount was US$50,000. There was no need for verification of the
quantum of bonus. The only verification necessary was the entitlement to that
bonus. And if such verification was necessary, then he ought not to have paid
himself the advance of US$40,000 before receiving confirmation.

27 Furthermore, it would appear that the Plaintiff was well aware that Horn
was not the person to refer to for such "verification". This is because on 10
April 2001 the Plaintiff had sent an e-mail to Horn asking him to determine
the first quarter 2001 bonus as soon as possible. Horn’s reply was that the
matter was out of his hands. He said as follows:

> > Since you informed Pat Fortune that you would have a lawyer contact
> Leonard [Goldstein] regarding your compensation issues I am told I am unable
> to address your Q1 compensation.
>>

>> The matter will be handled by Leonard Goldstein and Dan Carle (Sybase).

>>

>> Personally, I hope the matter is resolved quickly so we can focus on
growing our business.

It was about four weeks later that the Plaintiff sent his "formal
announcement" e-mail of 6 May. Although he mentioned in that e-mail that Dan
Carle had never responded to his attorney’s attempts to contact him and
Goldstein had left NEON, it would be rather surprising in the light of Horn’s
statement that the matter was out of his hand that the Plaintiff could believe
that Horn is the appropriate person to "verify" the bonus.

28 The third factor relates to the preparation of the cheque for $72,000 which
the Plaintiff presented to his bank on 7 May. The Defendant managed to
retrieve this cheque from its bank. It was dated 30 April 2001, a good six
days before the Plaintiff sent the e-mail to Horn and Lundberg on 6 May. The
Defendant was not able to recall when he wrote the cheque and suggested as
follows:

> > I cannot remember when I wrote the cheque. It could be that I was in the
> office earlier in the week, and signed it and left it there and only after
> my announcement, banked cheque. I had informed Peh and Tan Yew Yen verbally
> and by e-mail that I would make such a payment. Why date there is 30.4.2001,
> I cannot remember now, one year later. Fact was that I had banked it only
> after I had announced it to my superior.

Yet this explanation does not sit well with his revised position, that he
wanted Horn or Lundberg to verify the quantum of bonus. The Plaintiff had made
out and signed the cheque on Monday 30 April 2001, why not send out the e-mail
on that day? Why wait until Sunday to send out the e-mail before presenting
the cheque the following Monday?

29 The fourth factor concerns the Plaintiff’s reaction after he was told that
the payment to himself of the $72,000 was in contravention of Clark’s e-mail.
On 11 May 2001 Jim Parks, who was in the finance department at Denver, sent an
e-mail to the Plaintiff in which he said that in the course of going through
the May cash flow forecast with Tan Yew Yen, she had told Parks that the
Plaintff had authorised the bonus payment. Parks reminded the Plaintiff of
Clark’s e-mail and told him to submit the request for approval to her. In his
e-mail, Parks forwarded a copy of Clark’s e-mail of 10 April. The Plaintiff
replied as follows:

> > I’ve sent information about the payment to the relevant people on May 6,
> 2001 and asked for verification of the exact amount.

It is significant that the Plaintiff expressed no surprise to the revelation
of Clark's e-mail and merely said that he had asked for verification of the
exact amount from the "relevant people". Furthermore, the letter of dismissal
of 6 June 2001 had specified as the reason for his dismissal the payment to
himself of $72,000 in contravention of the instructions in the two e-mail of 4
and 10 April 2001. In his reply of 27 June to that letter, he did not state
that he had not received the 10 April e-mail. On or before 24 July, the
Plaintiff had sent an e-mail to John Chen, the CEO of NEON, in which he
complained about the summary dismissal. Again he did not mention the non-
receipt of the 10 April e-mail. On 24 August 2001, his solicitors wrote a
letter of demand to the Defendant which also does not mention that the
Plaintiff did not receive the 10 April e-mail.

30 The Plaintiff claimed that in a conference telephone call he had with
Germanowski, Horn and Lundberg on 6 April 2001, he had told them that he had
not received the 10 April e-mail. The Plaintiff’s position is somewhat
supported by Lundberg, who said this in cross-examination:

> > Q: In that conversation, did you, Fred Horn or Glen Germanowski ask
> Plaintiff to explain payment?
>>

>> A: Yes.

>>

>> Q: What was his answer?

>>

>> A: He felt he had - can't recall exactly, but I think he claimed he had not
received the e-mail from Brian Duff and Lonnie Clark and he felt that he had
the right to pay himself.

31 However Germanowski distinctly recalled that the Plaintiff did not say this
at all. That call was made on Germanowski’s request, in order to give the
Plaintiff an opportunity to explain the matter. This was what Germanowski said
in evidence:

> > The phone conversation was initiated at my request with Leslie Lundberg
> and Fred Horn on it because we had looked inside to verify that memos were
> sent by Lonnie Clark and Brian Duff and cheque was made out by Plaintiff and
> cashed by him. We wanted to find out what Plaintiff’s answer for that was,
> why he cashed the cheque, having received those monies. I was looking for
> mitigating circumstances where I would have to extend investigating to check
> anything he said. I recall beginning by asking Plaintiff for his side of the
> story. I referred him to our earlier letter saying that we were
> investigation the memo from Lonnie Clark and Brian Duff and asking why he
> cashed the cheque. His response was fairly straight-forward and a bit
> surprising. He had a sense of frustration, saying that he had earned it, had
> been asking for it, so he cashed the cheque. …

I should add that the same sense of frustration at having earned the bonus as
described by Germanowski is found in the Plaintiff’s letter to the Defendant
of 27 June and his e-mail to John Chen, the CEO of NEON.

32 Counsel for the Defendant pointed out that Lundberg had qualified her
answer by saying that she could not recall exactly and that she thought that
the Plaintiff had claimed he had not received the two e-mail. He also pointed
out that Lundberg, who was giving evidence by video conferencing from Denver,
Colorado, had been cross-examined for more than three hours and where she was
it was almost midnight at the time the question was asked. This is in contrast
with Germanowski’s assertive evidence on the matter. Counsel pointed out that
as NEON’s associate general counsel, it was his job to investigate the matter.
Germanowski was the person who initiated the call for the purpose of giving
the Plaintiff the opportunity to explain his action. As Germanowski had said,
he was looking for mitigating circumstances where he would extend his
investigation. The Defendant had not investigated into whether the 10 April
e-mail was received by the Plaintiff and Germanowski said that if he had made
that assertion he would have investigated it. This is consistent with the
documentary trail which does not show any denial by the Plaintiff of receipt
of that e-mail.

33 The fifth factor relates to the other contradictions that the Plaintiff's
version of the facts have with the rest of the evidence. I refer particularly
to his allegations in respect of the first quarter 2001 bonus which is dealt
with in detail further below. This shows that his evidence is not reliable.
Furthermore, the Plaintiff’s actions in respect of the making and payment of
the cheque for $72,000 would be explicable if he did receive and was aware of
Clark’s e-mail of 10 April. These events occurred at a time when the Plaintiff
was in the course of being made redundant and he had been frustrated by the
delay in receiving his bonus for 2000.

34 On the evidence before me, I hold that the Plaintiff did receive Clark’s
e-mail of 10 April 2001.

**

Did Plaintiff contravene instructions

**

35 The Defendant claimed that, in paying to himself the bonus of $72,000 on or
about 8 May 2001, the Plaintiff had contravened instructions contained in
Duff’s e-mail of 4 April and Clark’s e-mail of 10 April 2001. The Plaintiff
argued that he had not contravened the instructions, on the ground that: (i)
both e-mail were not addressed to him directly as his name was under the "cc"
list; (ii) Duff was junior to him in the organisation chart; and (iii) they
did not relate to bonus payments.

36 I do not agree with the Plaintiff’s contentions. Both e-mail are clear
enough. Duff had said in his e-mail that all payments of commissions and
bonuses worldwide relating to the first quarter of 2001 – the subject matter
of the $72,000 – requires to be approved by Lundberg or Duff. He said that
this was a transitional procedure imposed purely to comply with the Sybase
acquisition agreement. Duff had given a list of the bank accounts affected,
which did not include the Defendant's accounts in Singapore. At the time the
Plaintiff had noticed this omission and had replied to Duff to point this out
and even instructed his accountant to provide Duff with the account
information to rectify this. Therefore for the Plaintiff to say that this
instruction did not apply to him would be rather disingenuous on his part.
Certainly he would be procuring a breach of the procedure by instructing his
staff to make out the cheque for him.

37 As for Clark’s e-mail of 10 April, it said that the message was to inform
_"all authorized signatories"_ \- within which description the Plaintiff fell.
The cheque for $72,000 was in fact signed by him. The instruction relates to
cash disbursements in excess of US$10,000 which covers the payment in
question. Again it would be rather disingenuous to say that because the
Plaintiff’s name was in the "cc" category, therefore the instruction did not
apply to him.

38 I therefore find that the Plaintiff had contravened the instructions in
Duff’s e-mail of 4 April and Clark’s of 10 April. This was the ground upon
which the Defendant summarily terminated the Plaintiff’s employment. The next
question is whether it was sufficient ground for summary dismissal.

39 Paragraph 14 of the Plaintiff’s employment contract provides for summary
dismissal and states as follows:

> > We shall have the right to forthwith terminate your employment with us at
> any time without any prior notice in the event of any misconduct,
> disobedience, negligence, incompetence and breach of duty of good faith on
> your part in the course of carrying out your duties as a Managing Director
> with our company.

40 At the point of the acquisition of NEON by Sybase in February 2001, the
Plaintiff was holding the position of Senior Vice-President and Managing
Director. He was responsible for all software sales and professional services
of NEON for Asia-Pacific. He had a duty of fidelity to the Defendant not only
in respect of its assets but also not to jeopardise the Acquisition Agreement.
He knew that the Defendant was in dispute with him in respect of his fourth
quarter 2000 bonus. He was in control of the Defendant and his superiors were
a long way away. They relied on him to manage the company in Singapore. He had
been told by Horn that he should refer the matter of his first quarter 2001
bonus to Goldstein or Carle. Yet he chose to effect payment to himself in a
manner that obviously did not give Horn an opportunity to object and stop
payment and in blatant contravention of the instructions in the e-mail of 4
and 10 April from corporate headquarters.

41 In the circumstances I am unable to find the Defendant’s decision to
dismiss him summarily as unjustified. Accordingly the Plaintiff’s claim in
unfair dismissal fails and would be dismissed.

**

Bonus for fourth quarter 2000

**

42 For the year 2000, the Plaintiff was paid a bonus of US$120,000 in respect
of the first three quarters of 2000, a sum of US$40,000 per quarter. He was
not paid a bonus in respect of the fourth quarter. However he claimed that he
was entitled to the bonus of US$40,000 for that quarter. In his affidavit
evidence-in-chief he said that the revenue target for 2000 was about US$3.8
million and he had achieved about US$4.5 million. This is supported by the
evidence of Koepper. Therefore the Plaintiff had exceeded his target and was
entitled to the full US$160,000.

43 However there is no documentary evidence of any sort that supports the
contention that the target was US$3.8 million. The Plaintiff himself had
presented the following figures at the Denver meeting in January 2001 in
relation to the Defendant’s performance for 2000:

Revenue | Q1 | Q2 | Q3 | Q4 | 2000 total  
---|---|---|---|---|---  
Budget | $1,488,000 | $2,440,000 | $2,949,000 | $3,601,000 | $10,460,000  
Actual | $2,015,000 | $2,438,000 | $2,988,000 | $2,441,000 | $ 9,882,000  
  
This shows that the targets were reached in the first and third quarters of
2000, with the second quarter being missed by a marginal $2,000 and the fourth
quarter being missed by 32%.

44 On 3 January 2001 the Plaintiff sent an e-mail to Lundberg to request for
payment of his bonus for 2000, which he said amounted to US$120,000 as he had
achieved the target for the first three quarters but missed the fourth. The
e-mail goes as follows:

> > Happy new year. Hope that we can get my contract finally done within the
> next days. In the meantime I would like that the bonus payments for Q1-Q3
> 2000 will be arranged. The first 3 quarters have been overachieved Q4 has
> been missed.
>>

>> Based on my calculation the bonus payment would be USD120K.

>>

>> Please confirm so we can arrange for payment.

This is entirely consistent with the presentation that he was to make in
Denver at the end of that month and with the Defendant's position that he was
only entitled to bonuses for the first three quarters of 2000.

45 The Plaintiff appears to say that he was entitled to some other target. But
not only is there no evidence of this, it is entirely contradicted by his own
presentations at the Denver sales conference. In the circumstances his claim
for payment of bonus for the fourth quarter 2000 fails and is accordingly
dismissed.

**

Bonus for first quarter 2001

**

46 The Defendant’s position is that the revenue target for 2001 had not been
settled. In October 2000 Lundberg had proposed to the Plaintiff a figure of
US$25 million as the revenue target for 2001 with his bonus pegged at 0.8% of
the actual revenue. The parties did not come to an agreement on that at the
time. The Plaintiff’s position was that the 2001 target revenue was settled at
the annual sales conference at Denver in late January/early February 2001. He
said that he had made a presentation in which he had proposed the figure of
US$16.5 million as the 2001 target revenue with a US$2.785 million target for
the first quarter. According to the Plaintiff, at the executive committee
meeting Horn revised the first quarter figure downwards to US$2 million on
account of the downturn in the economy. Therefore the matter was settled, with
US$16.5 million being the target for 2001 and US$2 million the first quarter
target.

47 However the subsequent documented communications do not support this. About
a month after the Denver conference, on 1 March, Horn sent an e-mail to
Lundberg, and copied to the Plaintiff and Fortune, which indicates that there
was agreement that the revenue target for 2001 would be US$25 million. That
e-mail goes as follows:

> > Please make sure Mr. Schuler is paid his 2000 bonus per my earlier email
> ($120k) promptly. I understand that he disagrees with m position on his
> bonus for the year. If he wishes to discuss this with [Fortune] please
> facilitate this discussion.
>>

>> Also, I understand that you are ready to send him the 2001 plan. Please
send him this as soon as possible. I believe the high level business terms
($25mUSD) are not in dispute.

>>

>> Please confirm his payment and the sending of this years plan.

48 In cross-examination the Plaintiff said that he was surprised at this
change of position by Horn, but did not explain the reason. This was what he
said:

> > When he sent this e-mail, I was surprised to see US$25 m again. We had
> several disputes about the way NEON was conducting the business. There is a
> marked change in Fred Horn's tone towards me - he called me "Mr Schuler"
> whereas before that I was "Chris".

Whereupon the Plaintiff was shown his e-mail in reply dated 9 March 2001 which
goes as follows:

> > For the record
>>

>> 1\. I have still not received the 2001 plan and outstanding employment
contract (which I have requested for more than 8 months now and which should
have been automatically taken care of with two promotions 2000 form SLI MD to
NEON VP/MD and SVP/MD APA0. Please do not get back to me on this later than
March 12, 2001.

>>

>> 2\. In relation to the "high level business terms" I have not agreed on
USD25 Mio. which would suggest a growth of 150% for Asia Pacific. In line with
the corporate revision and ahead of the Sales Conference I have suggested a
budget of USD16.5 Mio 65% growth.

>>

>> 2\. [sic] As far as it concerns the dispute on the Bonus 2000 my position
remains the same as per my earlier e-mails.

It would appear that about one month after the Denver sales conference the
Plaintiff himself had forgotten that his 2001 target had been agreed at
US$16.5 million. His response to this question on cross-examination was a
meek: _"Mistakenly I had written this"_.

49 There followed an exchange of e-mail which confirms the Defendant’s
position that the matter was far from settled. Indeed, the Plaintiff himself,
in an e-mail dated 6 April 2001 to Goldstein (NEON’s corporate counsel) said,
in relation to the January/February 2001 Denver conference: _"… The
finalization of my contract and plan in Denver was purposely delayed in light
of the Sybase Acquisition. The target bonus and its underlying financial
targets, which were presented to me, were never realistic."_ It is clear from
the evidence that there was no agreement at the Denver conference to set the
revenue target at US$16.5 million for 2001 and US$2 million for the first
quarter as the Plaintiff contends.

50 The Plaintiff relies on the evidence of Koepper to support his position
that Horn had reduced the first quarter 2001 target to US$2 million from
US$2.785 million. However I am of the view that Koepper was a partisan witness
as he himself had a disagreement with NEON and from the position he took in
relation to the 2000 target (see above). It is rather surprising that Horn
would gratuitously reduce the Plaintiff’s proposal of US$2.785 million to US$2
million. And that is certainly not corroborated by the rest of the evidence. I
therefore find that there was no agreement at the Denver sales conference that
the first quarter 2001 target would be US $2 million.

51 The parties agree that the revenue achieved in the first quarter was
US$2.119 million. Even if the first quarter target proposed by the Plaintiff
in his presentation at Denver of US$2.785 million had been agreed to, it would
not have been reached. Accordingly the Plaintiff is not entitled to any bonus
in respect of the first quarter 2001 and his claim in respect of this must
fail. As he had caused to be paid to himself $72,000 as part payment of this
bonus, it follows that the Defendant’s counterclaim succeeds and there shall
be judgment for that sum in its favour.

**

Bonus for the second to fourth quarters 2001

**

52 The Plaintiff’s claim for bonus for the second to fourth quarters 2001 is
predicated on a finding that his summary dismissal was unfair, as well as a
finding that the targets were reached in those quarters. As I had dismissed
his claim in relation to unfair dismissal, it follows that this claim also
fails. I would also add that there is no evidence before me of what the
targets are and whether they were achieved.

**

Costs

**

53 In view of the foregoing, the Plaintiff’s claims are dismissed and there
shall be judgment in the sum of $72,000 on the Defendant’s counterclaim, with
interest at the usual rate from the date of the filing of the counterclaim.
There shall be an order for the Plaintiff to pay to the Defendant the costs of
this action, to be taxed if not agreed.

Sgd:

LEE SEIU KIN

JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

SUPREME COURT

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Sep 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

