Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Nicholas Kenneth v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 279

Case Number | : | MA No 210 & 211 of 2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 November 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Appellant in person; Lee Yee Leng Eugene (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : | —  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appropriate length of
preventive detention  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Power of court in deciding
commencement of subsequent sentence of preventive detention when an accused is
undergoing a sentence of preventive detention – Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68, 1985 Rev Ed) ss 12(2), 234(1)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Construction of statute – Purposive approach –
Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1997 Rev Ed) s 9A(1)  
  

** Judgment  **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

_**

Introduction

**_

The appellant, Kenneth Nicholas (‘Kenneth’) faced a total of seven charges for
a variety of offences before the district courts. In DAC No 15228 of 2002 & 4
ors, he pleaded guilty to four charges and agreed to have the fifth charge
taken into consideration before district judge Audrey Lim. In DAC No 15227 of
2002 & anor, he pleaded guilty to a further two offences before district judge
Mavis Chionh. On the morning of 12 August 2002, he was sentenced by district
judge Lim to 20 years’ preventive detention and a total of 12 strokes for the
offences in DAC No 15228. Later that afternoon, district judge Chionh ordered
that Kenneth serve a sentence of 20 years’ preventive detention and suffer
three strokes of the cane for the offences in DAC No 15227. The district judge
also ordered that both terms of preventive detention imposed by district judge
Lim and by herself should run from the date of the sentences. This meant that
Kenneth would effectively serve a total of 20 years’ preventive detention.
Kenneth, being dissatisfied with the decisions in DAC No 15228 and DAC No
15227 appealed against the sentences in both cases.

_**

Undisputed facts

**_

2 In DAC No 15228, Kenneth was charged with five offences. The first charge
alleged that he had kidnapped N, a nine-year old girl, at about 10:30 pm on 22
May 2001, an offence punishable under s 363 of the Penal Code (Cap 224). By
the second charge, he was accused of using criminal force with intent to
outrage N’s modesty, by touching her chest region including her breast with
his hand, contrary to s 354. By the third charge, Kenneth was accused of
another offence under s 363 for kidnapping Q, a five-year old girl, on 20
December 2001, at about 10:30 pm. Fourthly, he was charged with using criminal
force with intent to outrage her modesty, by inserting his finger to her vulva
and causing fear of instant hurt to Q, an offence punishable under s
354A(2)(b) of the Penal Code. Kenneth pleaded guilty to all of these offences.
Finally, he also consented to having the fifth charge brought against him
taken into consideration. That charge alleged that he voluntarily caused hurt
to Q by slapping her on the face, an offence punishable under s 323 of the
Penal Code.

3 In her grounds of decision, district judge Lim set out the facts relating to
the four charges which Kenneth pleaded guilty to as follows:

> > _**The statement of facts for the first and second charges**_

_**

> > **_

4 On 22 May 2001, at about 10.00 p.m., [N] had left her flat to go to the
provision shop to buy some bread. As she was leaving the shop and walking
home, Kenneth approached her and told her that he had arranged with her father
for her to follow him. [N] agreed as she was unaware that Kenneth had deceived
her and was abducting her. They walked towards the bus stop and boarded a bus.
Whilst in the bus, Kenneth used his hand to touch her chest and breast. She
felt uneasy and tried to move away but failed. During the journey, he also
gave her a few tablets to consume. She felt drowsy and passed out. When she
regained consciousness, she found herself stranded at MacRitchie Reservoir. A
passer-by found her and alerted the police. Kenneth was subsequently arrested
on 27 December 2001.

> > _**The statement of facts for the third and fourth charges**_

_**

> > **_

5 On 20 December 2001, [Q]’s mother was selling durians at a makeshift stall
at Redhill Close. [Q] and her elder sister played in the vicinity whilst
accompanying their mother. Subsequently [Q] became separated from her elder
sister and was left alone. At about 10.30 p.m., Kenneth approached her and
forced her to follow him, carrying her on his shoulders. She cried for help
but to no avail. Kenneth brought her to Redhill MRT station and boarded the
MRT to Pasir Ris where he brought her to his home. He made [Q] lie beside him
on the bed, removed her clothes, fondled her groin area and inserted his
finger to her vulva. He then masturbated himself and ejaculated in her
presence. The next morning, he brought her to the MRT station and they took
the MRT to Redhill, where they alighted. He then left her by herself and
disappeared. [Q] walked to the hawker centre in the vicinity of Redhill Close
and a stranger brought her home.

4 In DAC No 15227, Kenneth pleaded guilty to kidnapping Z, a seven-year old
girl, on 25 December 2001, at about 1 am, contrary to s 363 of the Penal Code.
District judge Chionh set out the facts relating to this offence, in her
judgment, as follows:

> > 3 …..The victim, [Z], is 7 years old. On 24 December 2001, she was at
> Singapore General Hospital (SGH) with [Z’s father] and other family members.
> They were visiting the victim’s grandmother who was then warded in Ward 46.
> At about 11 pm that day, the victim and her father fell asleep on the couch
> at the visitors’ waiting area outside Ward 46.
>>

>> 4 At about 1 am on 25 December 2001, the accused came to Ward 46. He
carried the victim out of the ward and took her home in a taxi. Once home, he
took her into his room where she fell asleep on his bed, next to him.

>>

>> 5 Sometime later that morning, the accused brought the victim back to SGH
in another taxi. The victim subsequently met her father in the vicinity where
she was dropped off by the accused.

5 Kenneth also pleaded guilty to a charge of having two prohibited
publications, a "Playboy" magazine and a "Penthouse" magazine, in his
possession, contrary to s 6(2) of the Undesirable Publications Act. The police
found the magazines in his house when they searched it on 29 December 2001.

6 The facts relating to all the offences that Kenneth was charged with were
not in dispute. For the purposes of these appeals, I adopted the facts as set
out in the judgments of both the district judges.

_**

The decisions below

**_

7 Both of the district judges found that Kenneth was a great danger to society
at large. Consequently, they were of the view that the maximum period of
preventive detention, ie 20 years, was the appropriate sentence in their
respective cases.

8 District judge Lim reasoned, in her grounds of decision, as follows:

> > … It is clear from Kenneth’s antecedents that he is indeed a menace to
> society. Now 49 years old, his criminal career began in 1972 and he has
> chalked up a total of 19 offences, not including the present offences before
> me.

> > 10 Indeed his history of kidnapping and molesting young children is very
> disturbing. His first offence for outraging modesty began in 1980, and in
> 1986 he had already garnered a string of kidnapping offences with outraging
> of modesty and criminal intimidation. He repeated his criminal acts again
> when he was dealt with for another string of offences in 1993 for outraging
> the modesty of children under the age of 14 and was sentenced to eight
> years’ preventive detention and eight strokes of the cane. Shortly after his
> release from preventive detention, he committed similar offences again,
> which formed the charges before me….It is clear that the previous term of
> preventive detention had not deterred him from repeating such heinous
> activities and he continues to pose a grave threat and danger to the public
> at large, especially to young children. Indeed, the preventive detention
> report also found Kenneth to be at high risk of sexual offending.

9 District judge Chionh gave the following reasons for sentencing Kenneth to a
period of 20 years’ preventive detention. In her judgment:

> > 15 In the present case, apart from the accused’s plea of guilt, there were
> no mitigating factors. The alleged misery of his childhood as well as his
> emotional and mental problems did not hold any real mitigatory value.
> Moreover, any mitigatory value due to his plea of guilt was far outweighed
> by the element of public interest. Having considered the accused’s previous
> record as well as the facts of the present offences, I was of the view that
> he was a menace to society. The preventive detention report, which found the
> accused to be at high risk of sexual re-offending, confirmed my view. Indeed
> from the report, it was clear that the accused lacked any sort of remorse or
> insight insofar as his criminal activities were concerned: according to the
> prison psychiatrist, he attempted to minimise the consequences of his
> actions, and instead, blamed "alcohol and his hallucinations".
>>

>> 16 In short, preventive detention was plainly called for in the interest of
protecting the public – and especially young females – from the accused.
Bearing in mind the fact that the accused committed the present offences
shortly after his release from eight years’ preventive detention, I decided
that the maximum period of preventive detention was warranted.

10 Furthermore, district judge Chionh ordered that the sentence which she
imposed on Kenneth commence on the same day as the sentence imposed by
district judge Lim, ie 12 August 2002.

11 Kenneth was sentenced to three strokes of the cane for each of the four
charges before district judge Lim to reflect the severity of the offences
which he committed. District judge Chionh also sentenced Kenneth to three
strokes of the cane on the kidnapping charge before her for the same reason.

_**

The appeal

**_

12 Kenneth appealed against the sentences of preventive detention meted out to
him in both cases. He claimed that he was remorseful and promised not to re-
offend. Furthermore, he asked the Court to consider his appeal favourably
because of his age, the fact that he was doing church work and as his family
needed him.

13 The prosecution submitted that the total sentence of 20 years’ preventive
detention and 15 strokes of the cane imposed by the district judges was not
manifestly excessive, taking into account the aggravating manner in which the
offences were committed, Kenneth’s previous antecedents, his propensity to
commit sexual offences against young and vulnerable girls and the need to
protect the general public from such a menace to society.

_**

The law

**_

14 At the outset, it was necessary to consider a novel point of law that was
raised as a result of the factual matrix of these appeals. Kenneth had been
sentenced by district judge Lim to 20 years’ preventive detention on 12 August
2002 which ran from the date of the order. Thus, he was already undergoing a
sentence of preventive detention when he appeared before district judge Chionh
later in the same day. She decided that, in such circumstances, the court had
to order that the two sentences of preventive detention that were meted out to
Kenneth must run concurrently. The issue that had to be decided was whether
the court was limited to ordering that a subsequent sentence of preventive
detention should run concurrently with the other sentence of preventive
detention that the accused was undergoing.

15 The only provision in the Criminal Procedure Code (CPC) that deals with the
commencement of subsequent sentences when the accused is serving another
sentence is s 234(1). Thus, it was necessary to construe the ambit of this
section to resolve the issue before me. It reads:

> > When a person who is an escaped convict or is undergoing a _sentence of
> imprisonment_ is sentenced to imprisonment the latter sentence of
> imprisonment shall commence either immediately or at the expiration of the
> imprisonment to which he was previously sentenced as the court awarding the
> sentence directs. (my emphasis)

16 The principles governing the interpretation of statutes are as follows: s
9A(1) of the Interpretation Act makes it imperative that the court adopts a
purposive construction of a provision, and not merely a literal
interpretation. That section reads:

> > In the interpretation of a provision of written law, an interpretation
> that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written law (whether
> that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or not) shall
> be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that purpose or
> object.

17 In _Constitutional Reference No 1 of 1995_[1995] 2 SLR 201, I delivered the
judgment of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore Tribunal and
elaborated on how statutory interpretation should be carried out, in the
following words, at p 210:

> > It is well established …that a purposive interpretation should be adopted
> in interpreting the Constitution to give effect to the intent and will of
> Parliament. The principle to be applied is that the words of the Act are to
> be read in their entire context and in their grammatical and ordinary sense,
> harmoniously with the scheme of the Act, the object of the Act and the
> intention of Parliament: EA Driedger, _Construction of Statutes_(2nd Ed,
> 1983) p 87

18 The court also decided that, by s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act, a
purposive construction of a statutory provision should be adopted over a
literal interpretation that does not support the purpose and object of the
written law, even if the wording of the statute is not ambiguous or
inconsistent. At p 211 of my judgment, I quoted with approval the following
judgment of Dawson J in _Mills v Meeking_ (1990) 169 CLR 214:

> > …. the approach required by s 35 [which corresponds __ with s 9A(1)] needs
> no ambiguity or inconsistency; _it allows a court to consider the purposes
> of an Act in determining whether there is more than one possible
> construction_. Reference to the purposes may reveal that the draftsman had
> inadvertently overlooked something which he would have dealt with had his
> attention been drawn to it and if it is possible as a matter of construction
> to repair the defect, then this must be done. (my emphasis)

This approach has been followed in numerous local cases, notably, the
decisions of the Court of Appeal in _L & W Holdings Pte. Ltd. v Management
Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1601 _[1997] 3 SLR 905 and of the High Court
in _PP v Knight Glenn Jeyasingam_[1999] 2 SLR 499.

19 Bearing these principles in mind, I considered the construction of s 234(1)
of the CPC. In my view, on a literal reading of the subsection, s 234(1) does
not apply when the accused is a person undergoing a sentence of preventive
detention as it only refers to offenders who are undergoing a "sentence of
imprisonment". A sentence of preventive detention is not a "sentence of
imprisonment", even though persons sentenced to preventive detention are
often, in practice, detained in prison. In _Yusoff bin Hassan & Ors v PP
_[1992] 2 SLR 1032, I drew a distinction between the two sentencing options
for the following reasons: first, s 12(2) of the CPC, the provision which
empowers the court to order a sentence of preventive detention states that
such sentences are passed "in lieu of any sentence of imprisonment"; secondly,
there are different rules relating to the nature and termination of custody
for sentences of imprisonment and preventive detention. Sentences of
imprisonment are governed by the Prisons Act and its regulations, while
sentences of preventive detention are governed by the Criminal Procedure
(Corrective Training and Preventive Detention) Rules. There is usually a one-
third period of remission for sentences of imprisonment, but not for terms of
preventive detention. Consequently, a literal reading of s 234(1) would mean
that the court is not empowered to order that a sentence of preventive
detention should start at the expiration of another such sentence that the
accused is undergoing.

20 Hence, the literal reading of s 234(1) reveals that the draftsman had
overlooked the provision of rules to deal with the issue of when a subsequent
sentence of preventive detention should commence if the accused is already
serving another sentence of preventive detention. Section 12(2) of the CPC is
also silent on this issue. It states that the court may order a term of
preventive detention of not more than 20 years in one trial but does not deal
with a situation where there are two separate trials in which sentences of
preventive detention are warranted. Furthermore, an examination of the rest of
the CPC showed that there are no specific provisions addressing this issue.

21 In these circumstances, it was my duty to consider the purpose of s 234(1)
in the context of the CPC as a whole to determine if there was more than one
possible construction of the section and, if so, to repair the defect in
drafting. By s 234(1), the court is given an option to order that an offender
effectively serve out the entire length of imprisonment over and above another
sentence that he is serving if such a sentence is warranted in the
circumstances of a subsequent trial. In my view, the intention of Parliament
in passing s 234(1), was to ensure that the courts have the power to ensure
that the aggregate sentence that is imposed on an offender through multiple
trials is reflective of the seriousness of the offences that formed the basis
of subsequent trials when an offender is already serving a sentence. In other
words, I took the opinion that Parliament did not intend to tie the hands of
the court, such that it can _never_ order consecutive sentences of preventive
detention in whatever circumstances, even if a longer aggregate sentence is
necessary, to reflect the extent to which an offender is a menace to society
and the severity of the offences which formed the basis of the subsequent
trial. Accordingly, a construction of s 234(1) that fulfils the intention of
Parliament is that the section applies equally to offenders who are serving a
sentence of imprisonment or preventive detention so that the court has the
same options in determining the commencement of subsequent sentences in both
cases.

22 By s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act, it was necessary for me to adopt the
purposive construction of s 234(1) over the literal interpretation of the
subsection, which does not promote the objects of the subsection. The
purposive construction of s 234(1) is consistent with logic, the intention of
Parliament and the context of the words in s 234(1). On the other hand, the
literal interpretation of s 234(1) restricts the court’s options in sentencing
and leads to an absurd result. An illustration of the absurdity which may
arise from a literal reading of s 234(1) is this: A person, who has a history
of committing sexual offences, has been tried, convicted and sentenced to
preventive detention of 15 years for three offences of outrage of modesty. He
has just started serving his sentence when the police subsequently discover
that he was responsible for a string of serious sexual offences, for example
rape. He is convicted for the subsequent offences, which of themselves warrant
the maximum sentence of preventive detention of 20 years. By a literal reading
of s 234(1), the court does not have the power to order that the latter
sentence run after the expiration of the first sentence and it is effectively
limited to ordering slightly more than an additional five years of preventive
detention. Such a sentence does not truly reflect the extent to which the
offender is a menace to the public, based on the convictions in the subsequent
trial. The offender effectively obtains a "discount" on the actual period of
preventive detention that he would otherwise have to serve on the facts of the
second trial, on account of the fact that he is already undergoing preventive
detention.

23 At this juncture, I turned to consider the counter arguments which may be
raised against the purposive interpretation of s 234(1). I noted that,
although district judge Chionh ruled that she was not empowered to order that
the sentence which she imposed on Kenneth run at the expiration of the
sentence of preventive detention he was undergoing, she did not give reasons
to support her decision. Nevertheless, I found that there were two potential
sources of concern in adopting the purposive interpretation of s 234(1).
First, that the courts would be empowered by a purposive reading of the
subsection to impose longer aggregate sentences of preventive detention in
excess of 20 years and that such sentences, which have never been imposed
previously, may be too crushing. Secondly, another concern was that strategic
decisions as to whether a string of offences should be prosecuted in a joint
trial or separate trials, which should not affect sentencing, would influence
the maximum aggregate sentence of preventive detention that a court can order.
This is an incidental result of the purposive interpretation of s 234(1) which
empowers the court to order an aggregate sentence that far exceeds the maximum
limit of 20 years that can be imposed in a joint trial, if the prosecution of
the offences are heard in separate trials.

24 I was of the view that these concerns should not prevent me from adopting
the interpretation of s 234(1) that fulfills the intention of Parliament due
to the supremacy of s 9A(1) of the Interpretation Act. In any case, the
concerns did not detract from the need for the courts to have the power to
order that sentences of preventive detention meted out in separate cases run
consecutively, so that it may be exercised in cases which warrant it. The
concerns actually relate to the consequences of the potential wrongful
exercise of such a power and not its existence. However, the potential harm
that may occur in the exercise of the power cannot be a good reason for the
total rejection of this power. The solution should be a careful application of
the power to the facts, such that consecutive sentences of preventive
detention are only imposed in appropriate cases. Undoubtedly, in the exercise
of their powers, the courts would apply caution and balance sentencing
objectives to ensure that the aggregate sentence passed is not any more or
less than a sentence that is reflective of the extent to which the offender is
a menace to society.

25 Insofar as the concerns stemmed from the notion that the courts should not
be empowered to sentence offenders to an aggregate term of preventive
detention in excess of 20 years, they must be rejected as such a notion is
without legal premise. Section 12(2) does state that the maximum sentence in
_one trial_ is 20 years. The power to impose an aggregate sentence of more
than 20 years when there are multiple sentences of preventive detention
ordered in _separate trials_ is in no way inconsistent with the CPC.

26 In conclusion, it was my duty to "repair the omission" which resulted from
the draftsman’s failure to provide rules for the commencement of subsequent
sentences of preventive detention when an offender is already serving a
sentence of preventive detention. I adopted the purposive interpretation of s
234 of the CPC and ruled that the section also applies to persons who are
undergoing a sentence of preventive detention. Accordingly, a court that is
faced with sentencing an offender who is already undergoing a sentence of
preventive detention has the same options as if the offender is undergoing a
sentence of imprisonment, i.e. it can order that the subsequent period of
preventive detention commence on the date of the judgment or at the expiry of
the earlier sentence of preventive detention. In exercising its powers, the
court would only order that sentences of preventive detention run
consecutively if it was necessary to reflect the extent to which he is a
threat to the community.

_**

The appropriate sentence in this case

**_

27 Kenneth started his life of crime in 1972 when he was about 19 years old.
He had a disturbing history of kidnapping and molesting young children. In
1980, he was first convicted of and fined for one charge of outrage of
modesty. Subsequently, in 1986, he was convicted of two charges of kidnapping,
with a further charge taken into consideration, one charge of outrage of
modesty and one charge of criminal intimidation, with another taken into
consideration. A total sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment was imposed on him.
After his release, he did not keep away from his criminal activities for long.
In 1993, he was hauled back to court to face eight counts of outraging the
modesty of a child under the age of 14, contrary to s 354A(2)(B) of the Penal
Code. He was convicted on four of the charges and the rest of the charges were
taken into consideration. At that stage, he had already qualified for a
sentence of preventive detention as he was found to be a menace to society and
the judge imposed a sentence of eight years’ preventive detention on him, in
addition to eight strokes of the cane.

28 The period of incarceration for preventive detention obviously did nothing
to deter him from committing his most recent string of similar offences which
formed the basis of the present charges against him. Barely two months after
his release from preventive detention in March 2001, Kenneth struck again by
kidnapping and molesting N. In December 2001, he repeated his abominable
pattern of crime by kidnapping and molesting yet another two young and
vulnerable girls, Q and Z just days apart from each other. Kenneth’s record of
kidnapping and outraging the modesty of young and vulnerable victims was the
clearest illustration of his recalcitrant nature.

29 The preventive detention report and the various medical reports on him also
supported the conclusion that Kenneth was incorrigible. In the preventive
detention report, he was found to have a high risk of sexual re-offending. In
the medical reports, the doctors concluded that he had "an abnormal sexual
drive directed at pre-adolescent girls" and he suffered from "deviant sexual
behaviour". In the latest report dated 16 May 2002 by a psychiatrist on
Kenneth, he was described as a person who "never got his act together as an
adult and was a "basket case" collecting psychiatric and social
disabilities….".

30 Kenneth’s repeated re-offending showed that he was beyond redemption. He
was completely unable to exert any form of self-control over his sexual
behaviour. Such a failure would invariably find expression in the heinous
crimes of kidnapping and molesting young girls. Undoubtedly, he posed a great
threat to society, particularly as his targets were young girls who were
unable to fend for themselves. His crimes had already caused many families and
young girls to suffer a great deal of trauma. As he demonstrated no ability to
control himself, it was necessary to sentence him to a suitably long period of
preventive detention to take him out of circulation for as long as it was
necessary for the protection of society.

31 Both district judges Lim and Chionh decided that the offences that Kenneth
had committed and which formed the basis of the charges before them
individually warranted the imposition of the maximum sentence of 20 years’
preventive detention.

32 Kenneth submitted that this Court should consider the following factors, ie
his age; the hardship that his family would suffer due to his incarceration;
his church work; his claims of remorse and his promise that he would not re-
offend. After considering Kenneth’s numerous antecedents and his medical
reports, I was unconvinced that he would not re-offend or that he felt genuine
remorse about his crimes. In any case, in meting out sentences of preventive
detention, the primary consideration is the need to put away persons who are
deemed to be a menace to society for the safety of the community at large:
_Yusoff bin Hassan & 4 Ors v PP._ Consequently, in light of the manifest need
to protect the public from him, the factors mentioned by Kenneth could not be
used to reduce the terms of preventive detention that were imposed on him.

33 After a review of all the relevant facts in relation to MA 211 of 2002 and
the reasons given by district judge Lim in imposing 20 years’ preventive
detention on Kenneth, I ruled that the district judge had ample reasons to
support her decision, that he was such a menace to society that he should be
locked away for 20 years in preventive detention, and I upheld her decision.

34 However, I did not agree with district judge Chionh’s decision to sentence
Kenneth to 20 years’ preventive detention that would run concurrently with his
earlier sentence, such that he would effectively serve only 20 years’
preventive detention. By the offences that Kenneth pleaded guilty to in the
first trial, his conduct already warranted a maximum term of 20 years’
preventive detention. Over and above those offences, he kidnapped another
young and vulnerable victim, Z, which proved that he was such a great menace
to the public that he should be locked away for more than the 20 years in
aggregate for the community’s protection. This was particularly because
Kenneth was only 49 years old at the time of these appeals. An aggregate
sentence of only 20 years would mean that he would be released when he is 69,
an age when he would still be capable of harming more victims. Accordingly, I
ordered that the sentence imposed on Kenneth for MA 210 of 2002 would commence
only at the expiration of the sentence of 20 years’ preventive detention that
he was undergoing. However, I reduced the sentence that he must serve for the
offences in DAC 15227 to ten years since he had only been found guilty of one
more offence of kidnapping. This meant that the aggregate sentence of
preventive detention that Kenneth must serve would be 30 years and that he
would be taken out of circulation until he is 79 years old with a probably
reduced libido.

_**

Conclusion

**_

35 For the above reasons, I dismissed the appeal in MA 211 of 2002. However, I
allowed the appeal in MA 210 of 2002 and reduced the term of preventive
detention imposed on Kenneth from 20 years to ten years. Furthermore, I
ordered that the sentence of ten years’ preventive detention would only
commence on the expiration of the sentence in MA 211 of 2002, ie the aggregate
period of preventive detention would be 30 years. I also ordered that the
sentences of three and twelve strokes of the cane in MA 210 and MA 211 of 2002
respectively, were to remain.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW

Chief Justice

Republic of Singapore

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Nov 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

