Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Chuan Huat and Another v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 2

Case Number | : | MA 218/2001, 219/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 January 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Peter Yap (Chor Pee & Partners) for the first appellant; Kertar Singh (Kertar & Co) for the second appellant; Daniel Yong (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lim Chuan Huat; Anor — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Voluntarily causing hurt to maid – Appellants
individually assaulting maid on various occasions – Whether assaults forming
same transaction – Applicable tests – s 176 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Duplicity – Charge containing
more than one distinct offence – Duplicity resulting from use of phrase
'various occasions'- Whether duplicity mere irregularity and curable – ss
159(1), 168 & 396 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Errors in charge – Particulars of
charge – Ambiguity in use of phrase 'various occasions' – Whether errors
material – Whether appellants misled by errors – ss 159(1) & 162 Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Defective charges – Whether
error relevant in determining guilt – Whether error an irregularity – Whether
curable – Proper remedy – Jurisdiction of High Court to maintain or set aside
sentence – s 261 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68)  
  

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

The appellants were separately charged for causing hurt to their maid but were
jointly tried in the district court. Both appellants appealed against their
respective convictions and custodial sentence.

2 The charge against the first appellant (Lim) reads as follows:

> That you, Lim Chuan Huat, M/42 years, are charged that you on various
> occasions between the 5th day of March 1999 to the 11th day of June 1999, at
> Blk 295 Choa Chu Kang Avenue 2 # 12-159, Singapore, did voluntarily cause
> hurt to one Suprapti, F/27 years, to wit, by hitting her back, shoulders and
> hands with your hands and a rattan cane, and you have thereby committed an
> offence punishable under section 323 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224, read
> with section 73(2) of the Penal Code Chapter 224.

3 The charge against the second appellant (Tan) reads as follows:

> That you, Tan Suan Kheng @ Tan Lim Kheng, F/34 years, are charged that you
> on various occasions between the 5th day of March 1999 to the 10th day of
> June 1999, at Blk 295 Choa Chu Kang Avenue 2 # 12-159, Singapore, did
> voluntarily cause hurt to one Suprapti, F/27 years, to wit, by pinching her
> cheek and pulling her ears, and by hitting her hands with a rattan cane, and
> you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 323 of the
> Penal Code, Chapter 224, read with section 73(2) of the Penal Code Chapter
> 224.

4 The district judge convicted both appellants on their respective charges and
sentenced each appellant to three months imprisonment and a fine of $ 1,500
(in default two months imprisonment). An offence of voluntarily causing hurt
under s 321 of the Penal Code read with s 323 of the Penal Code carries a
maximum fine of $1,000 or a term of imprisonment which may extend to one year,
or both. However, as the victim in this case was a domestic maid and the
perpetrators her employers, the court, pursuant to s 73(2) of the Penal Code,
may increase the punishment to one and a half times the amount of punishment
to which the accused would otherwise have been liable for that offence. The
fine of $1,500 each has already been paid.

**

  
Facts

**

5 The victim, Ms Suprapti, an Indonesian, began working as a domestic maid for
the appellants on 5 March 1999. Her duties included general household chores
as well as looking after the appellants four year old daughter. During the
course of her work, the victim was told to maintain a diary to keep a record
of the chores she had done and any mistakes which she had made. The victim was
also sometimes required to read the diary aloud to either of the appellants.
The appellants claimed that they wanted her to record her mistakes in the
diary so that she could learn from them and not repeat the same mistakes in
future. This was their unusual method of helping the victim improve her work.

6 On 10 June 1999 at about 8 am, the victim was cooking in the kitchen when
Tan came in and asked her why she had not shown or read the diary to her. The
victim was told to read the diary 100 times. She stopped after reading it 50
times instead of 100 times as instructed as she was busy with her chores. Tan
scolded the victim for not obeying her instructions and proceeded to hit her
palms several times with a rattan cane. Tan also pinched the victim on her
left cheek. When Tan asked her to continue reading the diary, the victim
replied that she was tired and had other chores to perform. At this, Tan
scolded the victim and pulled her ears. Tan then dragged her into the kitchen
toilet and doused her face and body with cold water. Tan subsequently refused
to let her change out of her wet clothes and she had to continue to work in
them, without changing.

7 At around 12 or 1 pm the same day, the victim brought Tans daughter to the
toilet in the master bedroom to relieve herself. Tan came into the toilet and
upon noticing that the childs fingernails were long, instructed the victim to
fetch the nail clipper. Tan then noticed that the victims own fingernails were
also long and instructed her to cut her own fingernails as well. The victim
said that she would cut her own fingernails as soon as the child had finished
relieving herself and after the victim had given the child her milk. Tan
scolded the victim for disobeying her instructions by not cutting her
fingernails immediately and proceeded to punish her by caning her palms. After
this, Tan told the victim to pull her own ears and to squat and stand
alternatively.

8 Next, on 11 June 1999 at about 6 am, Tan was unhappy to find that the victim
had not prepared her breakfast on time. Tan complained to her husband, Lim,
who then caned the victim on both her shoulders. As the victim was previously
instructed to stand against the kitchen wall with both her palms facing
upwards whenever she was to be caned, the victim proceeded to assume the
position while Lim caned her palms repeatedly. As a consequence of the caning,
the victim was late in retrieving Lims newspaper from the front door for him
to read. This angered Lim who used his right hand to beat her once on her back
while she was running to collect the newspaper from the front door.

9 The victim testified that the cane her employers used was about 50 cm in
length with a front red tip of about 10cm. However this cane was not found
when the police conducted a search of the flat. According to the victim, she
saw the cane under the sofa when the police came to search the house and she
suspected that Lim had thrown the cane away in the rubbish chute. A search for
the cane in the rubbish chute by the victim and the police was to no avail.

10 Dr Chow Yew Cheong examined the victim on 12 June 1999. In his report, Dr
Chow listed the following injuries on the victims body:

> **
>
> Bruises
>
> **
>
> 1 Left Cheek 1 cm  
>  2 Two over left shoulder 3cm & 1 cm  
>  3 Right shoulder 1 cm  
>  4 Two over right forearm 1.5 cm each  
>  5 Right palm  
>  6 Two over right hand 1 cm each  
>  7 Left wrist 0.5 cm  
>  8 Two over left hand 0.5 cm each  
>  9 Left thigh 2 cm
>
> **
>
> Abrasions
>
> **
>
> 1 Both forearms  
>  2 Both earlobes
>
> **
>
> Erythema (
>
> **the medical term for reddening of skin)
>
> 1 Both breasts

**

The Decision Below

**

11 The trial judge accepted the victims evidence that Tan assaulted her on 10
June 1999, and that Lim assaulted her on the morning of 11 June 1999. He ruled
that the credit of both appellants had been successfully impeached by the
prosecution on the basis that there were material discrepancies between the
appellants respective long statements and their individual testimonies in
court. As a result, he rejected both appellants version of the events as well
as their defence that they had never assaulted the victim and that the victims
injuries were self-inflicted. He also found the victims evidence to be
consistent with the evidence of Dr Chow, who testified that, judging from the
number and random distribution of the injuries, it was unlikely that the
injuries were self-inflicted.

**

  
The Appeal

**

12 The appellants appeal was based on two main grounds. First, that the
individual charge of each appellant was bad for duplicity; and secondly, that
the trial judge had erred in law by proceeding with a joint trial for both
appellants. Counsel for the appellants contended that this was contrary to s
168 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) ("CPC") and amounted to an
illegality which was incurable. They submitted that the duplicity contained in
the appellants respective charges coupled with the joint trial of both
appellants caused a confusion in the mind of the trial judge, who relied on
prejudicial evidence in the finding of guilt against the appellants. This
resulted in a failure of justice and both the appellants convictions should
accordingly be set aside.

13 I dealt with the appellants first contention of duplicity before
considering the second issue of whether the appellants could and should have
been jointly tried.

_**

  
Whether the individual charge against each appellant was duplicitous

**

Duplicity

_

14 A charge alleging that the accused committed two or more distinct offences
is duplicitous and contravenes s 168 of the CPC. The object behind s 168 is to
ensure a fair trial and to see that the accused is not overwhelmed by having
to defend several unconnected charges, or distinct offences lumped together in
one charge. This is to save the accused from being embarrassed in his defence
as well as to prevent the court from being unduly influenced by the different
evidence tendered against the accused on different charges. The exceptions
referred to in s 168 are confined to the rule on joinder of charges and do not
apply to duplicity: see _See Yee Poo v PP_ [1949] 1 MLJ 131 and _Chuan Hoe
Engineering Pte Ltd v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 544. In this connection, I agreed with
the appellants contention that both their respective charges were bad for
duplicity. This was because each of these various occasions which the
appellants were charged with, for voluntarily causing hurt to the victim,
clearly constituted a distinct offence for which a separate charge should have
been preferred.

15 The cases of _Chuan Hoe Engineering v PP_ , _See Yee Poo v PP_ and
_Ramachandran v PP_ [1972] 2 MLJ 183, all of which were cited by the
appellants in support of their above contention, also stand for the legal
proposition that, so long as each of these offences could have been the
subject of a separate charge, and could have been proceeded with at one trial,
the duplicity is merely an irregularity which can be cured by s 396 of the
CPC. This is provided the accused was not prejudiced in his defence and there
was no failure of justice occasioned by the irregularity. A failure of justice
is considered to have occurred where the duplicity caused confusion in the
mind of the trial judge so that he did not consider the evidence in respect of
each alleged offence separately.

16 On the facts of the present case, I was of the opinion that there was no
failure of justice occasioned by the duplicitous nature of the appellants
charges. This was not a situation where I did not know, and could not
ascertain, what offence the trial judge convicted the appellants of. On the
contrary, I found that the trial judge had clearly directed his mind in
keeping the evidence against each alleged offence separate when convicting the
appellants of their respective charges. This was evident from his detailed
grounds of decision which ran into some 274 paragraphs. Not only did I find
that the trial judges grounds of decision demonstrated an awareness of the
necessary ingredients of the appellants respective charges, I was of the
further opinion that the trial judge recognised the fact that there was only
sufficient evidence to make out the portion of the charge against Tan and Lim
for voluntarily causing hurt to the victim on 10 and 11 June 1999 respectively
(see below). In this connection, he accepted the evidence of the victim that
Tan assaulted her in the manner laid out in her charge on 10 June 1999 and
that Lim assaulted her in the manner specified in his charge on 11 June 1999.
He also accepted the evidence of Dr Chow that the injuries found on the
victims body were unlikely to be self-inflicted, and that the bruises on the
victims shoulders, palms, forearms and breasts were likely to be attributed to
caning and that the bruise on the victims left cheek was consistent with
pinching or punching. From the trial judges grounds of decision, he did not
appear to have relied on any evidence relating to the victims bare allegation
of the various other incidents of assault in convicting Tan and Lim of causing
hurt to the victim on 10 and 11 June respectively.

17 In relation to whether the appellants were prejudiced in their defence by
the duplicity contained in their charges, I found that they were not so
prejudiced. This was not a situation where the appellants had a specific
defence corresponding to each of the specific incidents of assault alleged by
the victim. Instead, both Lim and Tan had only one defence viz. completely
denying ever assaulting the victim at any time whatsoever and maintaining
throughout the duration of their trial that the victims injuries were self-
inflicted. In this respect, I was of the opinion that the duplicity contained
in individual charges of the appellants did not occasion a failure of justice
and could be cured by s 396.

_

  
Bad drafting of charge

_

18 Notwithstanding that the latent duplicity contained in charges can be cured
by s 396, I was of the further opinion that the manner in which the individual
charges were drafted was in breach of s 159(1).

19 Section 159(1) of the CPC mandates that the charge shall contain
particulars as to : (i) the time and place of the alleged offence, and (ii)
the person (if any) against whom, or the thing (if any) in respect of which,
the offence was committed, as are reasonably sufficient to give the accused
notice of the matter with which he is charged.

20 In relation to the charges, I found the phrase various occasions ambiguous.
It shed no light at all on the exact number of occasions each appellant had
allegedly caused hurt to the victim. The manner in which the charge was
drafted also left the reader in doubt as to how each appellant had allegedly
caused hurt to the victim. It was also unclear whether the nature of hurt
inflicted by the appellants differed between each of these various occasions
or whether it was always the exact combination of acts as stipulated in the
appellants charges. Taking Lim as an example, did he always cause hurt to the
victim by hitting her on her back, shoulders and hands with his hands and a
cane, or were there instances where he had only used a cane to hit the victim
on her palms?

21 Notwithstanding that charges against the appellants breached s 159, s 162
CPC provides that:

> No error in stating either the offence or the particulars required to be
> stated in the charge and no omission to state the offence or those
> particulars shall be regarded at any stage of the case as material unless
> the accused was in fact misled by that error or omission.

22 The object behind the concern of whether an accused is misled by errors in
his charge is to safeguard the accused from being prejudiced in his defence.
It is only in situations where the accused have been so misled, that the
errors are considered material and go towards the validity of his charge.

23 In the present case, I found that the appellants were not misled by the
errors in their respective charges, and therefore did not consider the errors
to be material. Given that the victim was the first prosecution witness, all
the alleged incidents would have been mentioned during her examination-in-
chief. The notes of evidence reveal that the victim gave specific evidence
that Tan had voluntarily assaulted her on 10 June 1999 in the exact manner as
stipulated in Tans charge. She also gave specific evidence that Lim had struck
her on 11 June 1999 in the exact manner specified in Lims charge. However, the
victims evidence in relation to the various occasions other than 10 and 11
June 1999 was that the incidences of assault did occur but she could not
remember the exact details. Hence, the victims evidence in relation to the
incidents of assault, save those which occurred on 10 and 11 June 1999, were
nothing more than bare allegations. It was also clear from the notes of
evidence that the victim did not confuse the incidents which happened on 10
and 11 June with the other incidents of assault of which she had trouble
recalling the details. Therefore, not only were Lim and Tan specifically aware
of the incidents of assault which the victim was alleging, but they were also
afforded the opportunity to cross-examine the victim as well as to lead their
own evidence on these incidents.

24 The charge for voluntarily causing hurt under s 321 of the Penal Code
comprises three elements : _Farida Begam d/o Mohd Artham v PP_ [2000] 4 SLR
610. They are namely

> (i) that the accused intended to cause hurt or knew that his/her actions
> were likely to cause hurt;
>
> (ii) the victim was hurt within the definition of s 319 of the Penal Code
> (ie the victim suffered bodily pain, disease or infirmity); and
>
> (iii) the accuseds action caused the hurt in question.

25 From the notes of evidence it was clear that the prosecution did not have
sufficient evidence to prove the second and third elements of the charge in
relation to all the various occasions of assault referred to in the charge.
This was especially since the prosecutions case was premised solely on the
testimony of three witnesses. They were namely, the victim, Dr Chow whose
report only documented the 12 injuries (see para 10 above) and the
investigating officer who recorded the first information report (whose
evidence was not relevant for present purposes). In such a situation, the
appellants could hardly be said to have been misled. This was because they
would have known by the time the victim had given her evidence that the
prosecution only had sufficient evidence to make out the elements of the
charge against Tan for causing hurt to the victim on 10 June 1999, and against
Lim for causing hurt to the victim on 11 June 1999. In other words, the
appellants knew full well the charges they had to meet and were not left in
doubt at trial as to what they were being charged with.

26 I note that the ambiguity and latent duplicity contained in the appellants
charges resulted directly from the use of the phrase various occasions. This
was an inexcusable error on the part of the prosecution especially since it
could have been easily avoided by more careful drafting. It was fortuitous for
the prosecution that the facts of this particular case lent themselves to a
relatively straightforward application of s 162 and s 396 of the CPC. Had the
evidence been less clear, or the appellants had specific defences
corresponding to a particular incident, the ambiguity and latent duplicity
contained in the charges would have resulted in an illegality. However, as I
found the appellants knew the case they had to meet and were not placed in a
position of embarrassment, they were not hindered or in any way prejudiced by
the form of their charges which could be cured by s 162 and s 396 of the CPC.

_**

  
Whether the appellants could and should have been jointly tried

**_

27 The appellants second ground of appeal was that the trial judge had erred
in trying both appellants together in a joint trial. They submitted that, in
so doing, the trial judge had essentially failed to consider the evidence in
respect of each appellant separately and that this failure caused the trial
judge to rely on prejudicial evidence.

_

Whether the offences were committed in the same transaction

_

28 Section 176 of the CPC permits a joint trial where more than one person is
accused of the same offence or of different offences in the same transaction.
In the case of _Tse Po Chung Nathan v PP_ [1993] 1 SLR 961 the Court of Appeal
had to decide whether the first and second accused, who were convicted on
similar but separate charges of importing 2178.0 g and 2190.3g of diamorphine,
committed the offences in the same transaction and could thereby be jointly
tried pursuant to s 176. Chao JA in delivering the decision of the Court of
Appeal said at page 969 that:

> Ratanlal on Criminal Procedure Code (1985 Ed) at p 225 states that `the real
> and substantial test for determining whether several offences are connected
> together so as to form the same transaction depends upon whether they are so
> related to one another in point of purpose, or cause and effect, or as
> principal and subsidiary acts as to constitute one continuous action.
>
> Mitra on the Code of Criminal Procedure (16th Ed) states the tests in
> similar vein as follows at p 1385:
>

>> The tests to decide whether different acts are part of the same transaction
are proximity of time, unity of place, unity of purpose or design and
continuity of action. It is not necessary that all of them should be present
to make the several incidents parts of the same transaction. Unity of place
and proximity of time are not important tests at all, but the _main test is
unity of purpose_. If the various acts are done in pursuance of a particular
end in view and as accessory thereto, they may be treated as parts of the same
transaction. _As to what is the same transaction must depend upon the facts
and circumstances of each particular case_. It is not the distance nor the
proximity of time which is so essential in order to consider what is `the same
transaction` as the continuity of action and purpose. The expression `same
transaction` must be understood as including both the immediate cause and
effects of an act or event, and also its collocation, or relevant
circumstances, the other necessary antecedents of its occurrence, connected
with it, at a reasonable distance of time space, cause and effect. _For a
joint trial under s 239, identity of purpose is sufficient. Community of
purpose in the sense of conspiracy is not in any way necessary, though if it
is present, its presence will be a further element supporting a finding that
the offences are committed in the same transaction._ Where the prosecution
case alleges association and community of purpose among the accused, their
joint trial is permissible. For s 223 it is enough if the different offences
are committed in the course of the same transaction. The criterion which makes
a joint trial allowable is what the prosecution case is, not what the result
may be.

>
> Under common law the position seems to be similar and we would just quote a
> passage of the Court of Criminal Appeal in _R v Assim_ [1966] 2 QB 249 at p
> 261:
>

>> Where, however, the matters which constitute the individual offences of the
several offenders are upon the available evidence so related, whether in time
or by other factors, that the interest of justice are best served by their
being tried together, then they can properly be the subject of counts in one
indictment and can, subject always to the discretion of the court, be tried
together

> _
>
> _[_Emphasis added_]

29 The Court of Appeal held that since the act of each accused was so closely
connected with the act of the other, it could be said to have been done
conjointly with the other. There was also a common or identity of purpose in
the separate acts of both accused. Hence the offences were committed in same
transaction.

30 Sarkar on Criminal Procedure (7th Edn) also echoes the common law position
enunciated in the case of _R v Assim_ where he states at page 718 that
"[c]ommon sense and the ordinary use of language must decide whether on the
facts of a particular case it is one transaction or several transactions". He
is also of the further opinion that the expression same transaction being
incapable of exact definition, has been left undefined in order that the
courts discretion may not be fettered in any way.

31 Based on the foregoing, I found that the facts of the present case
supported the trial judges decision to allow the appellants to be tried
together. Not only was there an identity of purpose in the separate acts of
the appellants, but there was unity of place and proximity of time.
Furthermore, common sense dictates that given the facts of this particular
case viz. the victim was the sole employee of both the appellants and the
offences took place in the intimate setting of a household over a consecutive
period of two days, it is not against the interest of justice for the
appellants to be jointly tried. Thus, on the basis of their charges, the
appellants could be jointly tried under s 176 of the CPC.

32 In finding that the offences were committed in the same transaction, I was
mindful of the seemingly conflicting authority of _Manikum and another v PP_
[1947] 1 MLJ 90, where Williams CJ held that two accused who committed
criminal trespass on two different days could not be tried together as their
offences were not committed in the same transaction. It is not clear from
Williams CJs extremely brief judgment what the time lapse was between these
two different days or whether the two appellants even had an identity of
purpose. Given the paucity of details, I was unable to glean any meaningful
legal proposition from the case of _Manikum_ and I question the ability of
such an attempt.

_

  
Whether a joint trial caused prejudice to the appellants

_

33 Since the appellants could be jointly tried under s 176 of the CPC, the
next consideration was whether the appellants should have been jointly tried.
In other words, whether there was any prejudice caused to the appellants in
being tried together. The appellants supported their contention that they had
in fact been prejudiced by the following reasons. First, the trial judge did
not make any distinction between the acts of Lim and Tan in the period prior
to 10 and 11 June 1999. Secondly, the trial judge did not keep the evidence
applicable only to each appellant separately. They claimed that this was
evident from his failure to make a clear finding as to which appellant
inflicted which injuries and on which date. Finally, there was confusion and
doubt in the trial judges findings as to what would be the relevant and
admissible evidence that implicated which of the two appellants.

34 I found the appellants contentions to be misconceived. From my reading of
the trial judges grounds of decision, he did not appear to rely on alleged
incidents of assaults by the appellants prior to 10 and 11 June in finding Tan
and Lim guilty of their respective charges. Further, the fact that the trial
judge failed to specifically state which injury was inflicted by whom and on
which date did not necessarily mean that the trial judge imported into the
case of one appellant, evidence admissible only against the other. In fact, I
found that the manner in which the trial judge organised the evidence in his
grounds of decision showed that he considered the evidence of each appellant
separately. Furthermore, a reading of his grounds of decision revealed that
the trial judge did not use the evidence of the wifes act of assault on the
maid as evidence in convicting the husband, nor vice versa. The victims
evidence in respect to who inflicted what injuries on which days was also
extremely clear. This was partly because the appellants did not assault the
victim jointly but individually on two different days. In addition, they also
assaulted her on a different part of her body causing corresponding injuries
to those parts of her body. The only common manner in which they had hurt the
victim was by caning her on her palms. According to Dr Chows evidence, this in
all probability resulted in the bruising of the victims hands as well as the
bruises on her forearms and the reddening of the skin around her breasts. The
victim also conceded that the bruises to her forearms and breasts were
probably caused by the tip of the rattan cane hitting her breasts and forearms
while she was being caned on her palms. This is because whenever she was caned
on her palms, she was told to hold up her palms to chest level.

35 In this connection, other than the injuries on her hands, forearms and her
breasts, the cause of the victims injuries could clearly be attributed to her
corresponding perpetrator simply by observing where the injuries in question
were located on the victims body. For example, the bruise on the victims left
cheek could only be attributed to Tan who had pinched her on her left cheek,
whereas the bruises on the victims shoulders was a result of Lim caning her on
her shoulders. In this respect, it is difficult to see how the trial judge
could have confused the evidence of the appellants in finding that the
elements of the offence of voluntarily causing hurt had been made out against
them.

36 Based on the above, I found that the appellants had not been prejudiced by
being jointly tried and that their conviction should not be set aside.

**

  
Appeal on Sentence

**

37 The facts of this case presented a rather interesting point of law whether
a distinction could be drawn between a confusion in the mind of the trial
judge in considering the evidence which went towards establishing the
ingredients of the charge in finding a conviction, and that which went towards
affecting the trial judges discretion in sentencing. A failure of justice is
occasioned only in the former viz. where the confusion in the mind of the
trial judge as to the evidence to be considered goes towards the conviction
and not in the latter. The fundamental issue at a criminal trial is the
establishment of guilt. Hence, there can only be a failure of justice where
the error in question (e.g the trial judges error of confusing the evidence)
goes towards his conclusion of the guilt of the accused. However, where the
error in question is irrelevant for the purposes of determining guilt and only
affects the sentence, then is it an irregularity that can be cured. The proper
remedy for such an irregularity is however not by the application of s 396 of
the CPC, but by way of s 261 of the CPC which gives the High Court the
jurisdiction to maintain a sentence or set aside a sentence that is manifestly
excessive or inadequate in the circumstances of the case.

38 Hence, while I found that the trial judge had erred in taking into
consideration the unsupported allegations of the victim that she was
consistently abused by her employers in sentencing the appellants, I was
disinclined to reduce the sentence as I did not consider the sentence to be
manifestly excessive. While it may be socially acceptable to some for parents
to chastise their children by gently caning them with a rattan cane, using the
same punishment on a maid who is employed in her professional capacity to
assist in domestic chores is another issue altogether. It is not only
humiliating for the maid to be treated and punished like a child by having her
ears pulled, cheeks pinched and palms caned with a rattan, such acts are also
cruel and uncivilised and should not be condoned by the society in which we
live in today.

**

Conclusion

**

39 For the reasons above, I dismissed the appellants appeal against conviction
and upheld the sentence imposed by the trial judge.

_

Appeals dismissed.

_

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW  
Chief Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Jan 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

