Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Seng Hock Heng Contractor Pte Ltd v Hup Seng Bee Construction Pte Ltd and
Another  
[2002] SGHC 151

Case Number | : | Suit 484/2002, SIC 1447/2002, 1448/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 July 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Intekhab Khan, Dilip Kumar and Karen Quek (J Koh & Co) for the plaintiffs; Chong Kuan Keong and Lawrence Lim (Chong Chia & Lim LLC) for the first defendants   
Parties | : |  Seng Hock Heng Contractor Pte Ltd — Hup Seng Bee Construction Pte Ltd; Another   
  
Banking – Performance bonds – Termination of sub-contract – First defendants
calling upon performance bond – Application by plaintiffs for injunction
against first defendants from receiving payment on bond – Onus of proof on
plaintiffs to establish fraud or unconscionable conduct – Whether discharge of
onus by plaintiffs – Whether to grant injunction  
  

**Judgment** __ **_Cur Adv Vult_**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. The first defendant is the main contractor to the Housing and Development
Board’s ("HDB") building project at Bukit Batok. The second defendant is an
insurance company who is named nominally as a defendant because it had issued
a performance bond in favour of the first defendant.

The bond was issued on behalf of the plaintiff who were the main sub-
contractor to the first defendant in the HDB project at Bukit Batok. The
project involved the building of three blocks of housing flats and surrounding
supports such as car parks and playground.

2\. The first defendant terminated its sub-contract with the plaintiff on 9
May 2002, and on 10 May 2002 it called upon the performance bond, which was
for a sum of $1,295,000. The plaintiff had commenced proceedings against the
first defendant for breach of contract, but in the applications before me in
SIC 1447 and SIC 1448 of 2002 the plaintiff is seeking an injunction against
the second defendant from making payment on the bond, and the first defendant
from receiving payment on the bond.

3\. The plaintiff’s grounds for seeking an order restraining payment under the
performance bond are based on unconscionability. First, it asserts that the
first defendant wrongfully imposed liquidated damages on the plaintiff in
March 2002. Secondly it assets that the first defendant had exaggerated its
claim because only 4% of work remains uncompleted at the time the first
defendant terminated its contract with the plaintiff. The plaintiff calculated
the value of the 4% to be about $1,000,000 but the first defendant is claiming
$3,400,000.

4\. Mr. Dilip Kumar and Mr. Intekhab Khan appearing on behalf of the plaintiff
submitted that the plaintiff’s conduct is also oppressive because there is
about $1,900,000 still in the first defendant’s hands by way of a retention
sum and also a sum of $239,000 due to the plaintiff by way of a final progress
payment. Counsel referred me to the unreported case of _Raymond Construction
Pte Ltd v Low Yang Tong_(Suit No. 1715 of 1995) for the proposition that the
court may take an exaggeration such as that made by the first defendant into
account. My attention was also drawn to _Sin Kian Contractor Pte Ltd v Lian
Kok Hong_[1999] 3 SLR 732 for the proposition that even if the court is minded
to refuse an injunction it may order part payment only.

5\. The principles submitted by counsel for the plaintiff were not challenged
by Mr. Chong for the first defendant. His submission was based on a denial
that the first defendant had exaggerated its claim. Mr. Kumar drew my
attention to the plaintiff’s progress claim for April 2002 and to the table he
compiled which indicated the amount of work that is still incomplete and on
that basis prays that the denial by the first defendant be rejected. Mr. Chong
argued that the evidence relied upon by the plaintiff is incomplete and also
not verified. He submitted that the plaintiff had not paid its own sub-
contractors and, consequently, the first defendant may be compelled to employ
a fresh contractor to complete the jobs. He argued that the first defendant
had already given credit for the retention sum and all progress payments due.
Both counsel filed a further written submission elaborating on the plaintiff's
allegation that the first defendant had grossly exaggerated its claim. The
plaintiff's submission is largely a regurgitation of what it's counsel, Mr.
Khan, had presented before me. One of these points was that the first
defendant had included the costs of its sub-contractors into its claim. Mr.
Chong's response on behalf of the first defendant was that the sub-
contractors' costs were a necessary cost occasioned by the plaintiff's breach.
I accept his argument, for the time being, that the costs would not
necessarily be the same costs as that of the plaintiff had it continued its
role. I must stress that at this juncture, the onus of proof lay with the
plaintiff. But it is not necessary nor reasonably possible for the court to
embark on an evaluation of the evidence to see whether the costs were
correctly and legitimately incurred. I think that I must act on reasonable
evidence on the face of the documents produced without the benefit of a full
inquiry. To do otherwise would be to embark on the inquiry into damages even
before the trial has commenced.

6\. The burden is on the plaintiff to convince the court that by reason of
fraud or unconscionable conduct an injunction ought to issue against the first
defendant. In this case, unlike the _Raymond Construction_ case, the evidence
before me is inconclusive and difficult to evaluate although, if pressed, my
sympathy inclines towards the plaintiff. But it would not be right to grant an
order on such basis for the court’s sympathy based on inconclusive evidence
may well be misplaced once all the evidence comes under the scrutiny of
examination in open trial. Furthermore, there is no exceptional feature which
may permit me to stray from the established principles that if the applicant
fails to discharge the onus of proof his application must be dismissed.

7\. Finally, for completeness, I should address some points raised by counsel.
Mr. Kumar submitted that the plaintiff had themselves terminated its contract
with the first defendant and commenced proceedings against it for breach of a
condition precedent. His point was that under the contract between HDB and the
first defendant, the latter was not entitled to assign the whole contract or
appoint any sub-contractor without the written consent of HDB. The first
defendant denies these allegations and made some counter assertions such as
the claim that it was the plaintiff who encouraged or persuaded the first
defendant to tender for the job with the HDB because the plaintiff did not
have the requisite standing to submit its own tender. Mr. Chong denied that
the first defendant had assigned the whole contract. In any event, the term
was between the HDB and the first defendant. There was some evidence that the
plaintiff had put the HDB on inquiry that no written consent was given but
there was no satisfactory outcome from that avenue so it appears for the
moment that HDB is not acting on its rights under its contract with the first
defendant. The plaintiff’s contract with the first defendant has no specific
term mirroring the said written consent clause and it was thus obliged to rely
on an implied term to sustain its suit against the first defendant. The facts
will no doubt be strenuously disputed and this issue is not directly relevant
nor important for my decision in respect of the application for an injunction.

8\. For the reasons above, the plaintiff’s application is dismissed. I shall
hear the question of costs at a later date.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jul 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

