Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Choong Kian Haw  
[2002] SGHC 211

Case Number | : | MA 128/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 September 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ivan Chua Boon Chew (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the appellant; Felicia Ng (Piah Tan & Partners) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Choong Kian Haw   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Bankruptcy offences –
Undischarged bankrupt leaving jurisdiction without previous permission of
Official Assignee – Whether custodial sentence the norm for such offences –
Burden in offender to show exceptional circumstances warranting sentence of
only a fine – s 131(1)(b) Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Bankruptcy offences – Whether
imposition of a fine appropriate – Whether any usual tariff sentence in
respect of amount of fine – s 131(1)(b) Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Ed)  
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Bankrupt’s duties and liabilities – Undischarged
bankrupt leaving jurisdiction on 44 occasions without prior permission of
Official Assignee – Whether bankrupt's conduct amounts to reckless, blatant
and deliberate disregard of the law – Whether duty imposed on bankrupt
delegable – s 131(1)(b) Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Ed)  
  

**Judgment**

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

This was an appeal by the Public Prosecutor against the sentence imposed by
Magistrate Chong Kah Wei on the accused, Choong Kian Haw (‘Choong’), in
Official Assignee Summons 95 of 2002. The magistrate accepted Choong’s plea of
guilt and found him guilty of three charges under s 131(1)(b) of the
Bankruptcy Act, Cap 20, for leaving Singapore without the previous permission
of the Official Assignee although he was an undischarged bankrupt. The offence
is punishable under s 131(2) of the Bankruptcy Act with a maximum fine of
$10,000 or a term of imprisonment not exceeding two years or both. The
magistrate imposed the maximum fine of $10,000 for each charge, amounting to a
total of $30,000, on Choong, but did not commit him to prison.

_**

Undisputed facts

**_

2 Prior to his bankruptcy, Choong was a fairly successful businessman who ran
his own family’s business. However, the company he ran became insolvent due to
the economic crisis in Asia in 1998 and some mistaken business decisions.
Choong was made a bankrupt on 19 March 1999 as he had given personal
guarantees for loans granted to his company.

3 On 1 June 1999, Choong found gainful employment with HIN Investments Pte.
Ltd. (‘HIN Investments’) as an executive officer. His duties involved a
considerable amount of traveling out of Singapore. The purpose of the trips
was to make contacts and forge ties with existing and prospective overseas
partners so as to secure deals with them and also to survey overseas markets.

4 Choong knew that it was an offence to leave Singapore without the previous
permission of the Official Assignee. On 13 April 1999, he acknowledged receipt
of the Bankruptcy Information Sheets which informed him of this offence.
Furthermore, as he had committed the offence on numerous occasions, the
Official Assignee sent him a formal warning on 23 September 1999. He was
informed that he would be prosecuted if he continued to commit this offence.

5 Choong sought the Official Assignee’s permission to go on work-related
travel thrice and permission was granted on two occasions. On the first
application, he obtained permission to travel for fifteen weeks from 23
September 1999 to 31 December 1999. However, on his second application in
January 2000, he failed because a GIRO deduction for one of the monthly
installments that he had to make pursuant to an arrangement to repay his
creditors had failed. Choong promptly took steps to make the necessary
payment. In March 2000, he made a further application which was also
successful. He was permitted to travel abroad for a further six months from 29
March 2000 to 28 September 2000.

6 After March 2000, Choong had no further contact with the Official Assignee
until January 2002, when his offences came to light. In the meantime, he
continued to travel frequently, i.e. two or three times a month. The trips
lasted from a few days to ten days and were for work related purposes. HIN
Investments made the arrangements for his travels and undertook to keep track
of the duration of the permission granted by the Official Assignee. However,
both HIN Investments and Choong failed to take any steps to check that he was
always traveling with permission. As such, after his permission to travel
lapsed in September 2000, Choong did not seek further permission but made a
total of 44 trips out of Singapore without permission.

7 In January 2002, Choong needed a new passport as all the pages in his
existing passport had been used up. He went to the Singapore Immigration &
Registration department where he was advised that he had to obtain the
permission of the Official Assignee to do so. The offences which Choong
committed were then discovered when he surrendered his existing passport to
the officer at the Official Assignee’s office to obtain permission to get a
new passport.

8 The prosecution initially took out 50 charges against Choong for the offence
of traveling out of Singapore without the previous permission of the Official
Assignee. However, only three charges were eventually proceeded with, i.e. the
20th, 25th and 36th charges. 41 other charges were taken into account and six
were withdrawn. With respect to the 20th charge, the subject matter was
Choong’s travel to the Philippines on 23 April 2001 where he attended an
exhibition to source for new products. As for the 25th charge, Choong was
charged with traveling to Australia on 3 June 2001 where he had gone to
discuss the possibility of a joint venture with an Australian party. Lastly,
on the 36th charge, the prosecution charged Choong for traveling to the UK on
21 September 2001 without permission. Choong had gone to the UK to discuss the
possibility of obtaining a licence to operate a dry cleaning business in
Singapore.

_**

The decision below

**_

9 Magistrate Chong convicted Choong on all three charges and sentenced him to
the maximum fine of $10,000 per charge such that the total fine payable was
$30,000.

10 The magistrate considered two competing public interest elements in
sentencing, ie the need for specific and general deterrence against the
commission of such offences and the need to encourage enterprise. He concluded
that a custodial sentence was inappropriate in the present case because it
would discourage risk-taking entrepreneurs such as Choong who traveled abroad
in the course of helping his employer’s business. Furthermore, he found that
Choong had not committed the offence intentionally but through a negligent
omission "contributed by the hectic pace of an entrepreneurial effort". The
magistrate also did not think that it was necessary to impose a custodial
sentence on Choong to deter him as the magistrate warned him that he would be
imprisoned if he committed the same offence again and this warning was a
sufficient deterrent. He also made it clear that the sentence imposed was
based on the unique facts of this case and would not send the wrong signals to
other bankrupts. However, in arriving at the appropriate sentence, the
magistrate placed little weight on Choong’s ill health and his plea of guilt
as he had been caught red-handed.

_**

The appeal

**_

11 The only issue in this appeal was whether the sentence imposed by the
magistrate was manifestly inadequate.

12 The DPP contended that a custodial sentence should have been imposed. He
had four main grounds of appeal. First, that the trial judge erred when he
found that Choong had not committed the offence deliberately, recklessly or
with blatant disregard for the obligations imposed on him to seek permission
from the Official Assignee before leaving the jurisdiction. Secondly, that the
magistrate failed to consider that the imposition of a fine would not have any
punitive effect on Choong. Thirdly, that the sentence was out of line with
sentencing precedents. Lastly, that the magistrate wrongly relied on the need
to promote enterprise as a relevant policy consideration to reduce the
sentence imposed on Choong.

_

Choong’s mental state

_

13 The magistrate held that Choong had not traveled out of the jurisdiction
without the permission of the Official Assignee deliberately, recklessly or
with blatant disregard. He noted that Choong had made 44 such trips without
permission and that this would _prima facie_ qualify as a flagrant breach.
However, he accepted Choong’s explanation that he had merely overlooked the
requirement to apply for permission after his existing permission lapsed. The
magistrate noted that Choong had arranged for his employer to monitor the
duration of his permissions and concluded that he was simply negligent in
failing to check whether his employer had applied for permission on his
behalf. He claimed that his conclusion was fortified by the following facts:
First, there was no reason for Choong not to apply for permission
deliberately. This was because he had been granted permission previously and
was likely to succeed if he had made an application for permission to travel
on the same basis as the previous successful applications, i.e. work-related
traveling. Secondly, Choong did not attempt to conceal his travels from the
Official Assignee. He voluntarily surrendered his passport with the
incriminating evidence although it would have been so easy for him to hide
this evidence. Lastly, the magistrate accepted that the frequency of Choong’s
work-related travel contributed to his inadvertent failure to check on his
employer regarding extensions of the permission for him to travel.

14 The DPP argued before me that the trial judge erred in finding that Choong
had committed the offences negligently. He pointed out that Choong had
committed such offences before and had been warned previously. Thus, he was
well-aware of the requirement for permission to travel. In spite of his
knowledge, Choong traveled 44 times out of Singapore without the previous
permission of the Official Assignee. In addition, the DPP also contended that
the magistrate erred in taking into consideration the fact that Choong had
asked HIN Investments to keep track of his travels to conclude that Choong was
merely negligent in failing to ensure that HIN Investments had actually
obtained a valid permission for him to travel.

15 In defence, Counsel for Choong submitted that he had only negligently
overlooked the requirement to obtain permission for his travels due to the
frequency of the trips or, in the words of the magistrate, the "hectic pace of
an entrepreneurial effort".

16 I accepted the arguments of the prosecution and found that the magistrate
drew the wrong inference from the facts before him when he found that Choong
had committed the offence negligently and not _recklessly_. Choong had
admitted, in the Statement of Facts, that he had received the Bankruptcy
Information Sheets which informed him that it was an offence to leave
Singapore without the previous permission of the Official Assignee. Despite
such a warning, he left Singapore without obtaining permission on "_numerous
occasions_ ". As such, a second official warning was given to him, informing
him that he would be prosecuted if he persisted in committing the offences.
Choong was clearly apprised of the severity of the offences from his
historical dealings with the Official Assignee. Despite this knowledge, Choong
continued to travel out of Singapore without permission for a total of 44
times over a period of more than 15 months, from September 2000 to January
2002. In my view, the numerous times in which he committed the offence,
knowing its severity, amounted to a blatant disregard for the law. Choong shut
his eyes to the possible consequences arising from his failure to ensure that
he had the relevant permission to travel. It was clearly not open to Choong to
rely on the frequency of his trips to prove that he had negligently overlooked
the requirement for permission.

17 I was also of the view that the magistrate’s finding that Choong committed
the offences negligently could not be supported by the two facts he relied on.
First, that Choong made arrangements for his employer to monitor whether he
had the permission to travel. I agreed with the DPP that the magistrate had
effectively condoned the delegation of duties imposed on a bankrupt by the
bankruptcy regime by finding Choong negligent since he had merely failed to
check on HIN Investments. Such an approach is wrong because the duty imposed
on a bankrupt to ensure that he does not breach any of the limitations imposed
on him is personal and non-delegable. This is so that there is proper
accountability by the bankrupt for the effective administration of his
bankruptcy, to the benefit of his creditors.

18 Secondly, the fact that Choong had voluntarily surrendered his passport to
the Official Assignee could not prove that Choong was innocent. The
magistrate’s reasoning that Choong could have easily hidden the incriminating
evidence instead of surrendering it to the Official Assignee if he had indeed
known that he committed the offence was highly speculative. In any case, I
disagreed with the magistrate that it was easy to hide the incriminating
evidence by claiming that the passport was lost since such an action involved
committing the criminal offence of making a false police report to declare its
loss.

19 In conclusion, the facts and evidence before me did not support the
magistrate’s conclusion that Choong committed the offences inadvertently. In
my opinion, Choong committed the 44 offences blatantly, recklessly and
deliberately.

_

The general suitability of a custodial sentence – sentencing precedents and
policy

_

20 There are only two cases concerning sentencing for the offences of leaving
Singapore without the permission of the Official Assignee for which written
grounds are available, ie _Chong Fook Choy v PP_(MA 116/2000/01) and _Re Ho
Kok Cheong_(RA 80/1995). The magistrate held that the sentencing guideline
that could be derived from these cases was that a custodial sentence would be
normally imposed only when the accused had deliberately, recklessly or
blatantly disregarded the requirement to obtain the Official Assignee’s
permission to leave Singapore. At 26 of his grounds of decision, the
magistrate stated that a fine of $5000 was the usual tariff sentence in cases
where an offender pleads guilty to an offence under s 131(1)(b). As such, the
magistrate held that a custodial sentence was inappropriate since Choong
committed the offences negligently.

21 In my view, the magistrate was wrong in limiting the imposition of a
custodial sentence only to cases when the offences are committed deliberately,
recklessly or with blatant disregard for the requirements under s 131(1)(b).
_A fortiori_ , I disagreed with his conclusion that a fine of $5000 is the
usual tariff sentence for offenders who plead guilty to a charge under s
131(1)(b). The positions taken by the magistrate were certainly not supported
by any authority. The cases of _Re Ho Kok Cheong_ and _Chong Fok Choy v PP_
did involve offenders who had deliberately, recklessly or blatantly breached
the requirements to obtain permission. However, nothing in those cases
suggested that custodial sentences should be imposed only if the offenders
were reckless, or deliberately and blatantly broke the law. In fact, in the
case of _Re Ho Kok Cheong_ , Rubin J noted that in _all_ of the 28 cases heard
before his own case, a sentence of imprisonment was imposed on _every_
offender who had been convicted of the offence of leaving the jurisdiction
without the previous permission of the Official Assignee. The prosecution had
also tendered a list of seven recent cases involving offences committed
pursuant to section 131(1)(b). In all but one case, custodial sentences were
imposed. As for the only case which did not attract a custodial sentence, the
accused had left the jurisdiction without permission on only one occasion.
Counsel for Choong failed to produce any other case to support her contention
that a fine was generally the appropriate punishment. The authorities stood
for the proposition that a custodial sentence was the norm for offences
committed under s 131(1)(b).

22 The imposition of a fine as an exception is also consistent with the
approach which I took in _PP v Ong Ker Seng_[2001] 4 SLR 180. In that case,
the accused was convicted of two charges, under s 141(1)(a) of the Bankruptcy
Act, of obtaining loans without informing the lender that he was a bankrupt. I
expressed the opinion that such an offence would generally attract a custodial
sentence. Fines were normally inappropriate because the funds to pay the fine
would either come from a third party, diluting the punitive effect on the
bankrupt, or from funds which should go to the unpaid creditors in the first
place.

23 The magistrate reasoned that I did not lay down any definitive rule that a
bankrupt ought to be punished with imprisonment in general but dealt only with
offences under s 141(1)(a). He stated that the appropriate sentence should
depend on the nature of the offence and the facts and circumstances of the
case. Furthermore, he commented that one of the prescribed punishments for an
offence under s 131(1)(b) was the imposition of a fine and therefore
Parliament must have intended the imposition of fines instead of custodial
sentences on bankrupts in appropriate cases.

24 The magistrate misread my decision in _PP v Ong Ker Seng_. In that case, I
did not contradict the trite principles that fines may be imposed in
appropriate circumstances. However, I stated my view that fines were, in
general, not a suitable means of punishment since bankrupts would typically
lack the means to pay for the fines themselves. If they had the funds to pay
the fines, these monies should clearly be channeled instead to the unpaid
creditors. If they lacked the funds and a third party paid for them, the
punitive effect of the punishments is diminished. These concerns apply with
equal force to the sentencing of bankrupts in general. They are not limited to
offences committed under s 141(1)(a).

25 I was of the view that the case law clearly stood for the proposition that
a custodial sentence would generally be imposed for the offence of leaving the
jurisdiction without the previous permission of the Official Assignee. The
burden was on the offender to show that there were such exceptional
circumstances in his case that it warranted a deviation from the usual
imposition of a custodial sentence. Choong failed to prove that his case was
an exception warranting only a fine, as he had committed a grand total of 44
offences recklessly and blatantly.

_

Policy considerations

_

26 On the grounds mentioned above, the prosecution was entitled to succeed in
this appeal. However, I found it necessary to deal specifically with one part
of the magistrate’s reasoning. In concluding that Choong should not be given a
custodial sentence, the magistrate was influenced by what he considered to be
a key public policy consideration in the sentencing of offenders under the
Bankruptcy Act, i.e. the promotion of enterprise. At 40 of his grounds of
decision, he stated:

> > … I was also conscious of the other public interest element of the new
> Bankruptcy Act, which was that of encouraging entrepreneurship. While
> encouraging entrepreneurship was an important public policy concern in 1995
> when the new Bankruptcy Act was passed to make it easier for failed
> entrepreneurs to obtain discharges, it is an even more important and crucial
> concern in today’s changed economic environment. The government has recently
> strongly encouraged Singaporeans to become entrepreneurs and to venture
> abroad. Entrepreneurship has been identified as an important engine of
> growth for the Singapore economy in this changed economic environment.

At 42, of his grounds, the magistrate then made the startling statement that
the imposition of a custodial sentence on Choong would be overly harsh and
would discourage risk-taking entrepreneurs which went against the national
policy of promoting enterprise.

27 With respect, I could not understand the rationale for taking into
consideration the need to promote enterprise in the sentencing of offenders.
The promotion of enterprise in Singapore is important. However, it was clear
from the debates on the reform to the bankruptcy regime on 25 August 1994,
culminating with the passing of the new Bankruptcy Act that Parliament did not
intend the promotion of enterprise to be at the expense of the need to protect
the interests of creditors and society. At volume 63, column 399 of the
parliamentary reports, the Minister for Law, Professor S. Jayakumar, stated
the functions of the new Act, as follows:

> > … to improve administration of the affairs of bankrupts and protect
> creditors’ interests without stifling entrepreneurship. We will strike a
> balance between the interest of the debtor, the creditor and society.

Furthermore, at column 401 of the same report, the Minister stated that the
Act would encourage enterprise through allowing the early discharge of
bankrupts who became bankrupts due to business failure. Parliament’s intention
was to promote enterprise through such a mechanism, not through being more
lenient towards bankrupts who broke the law while carrying on a business.

28 The purpose of prohibiting an undischarged bankrupt from leaving the
jurisdiction without the previous permission of the Official Assignee is to
ensure that the Official Assignee can monitor the bankrupt’s movements to
properly administer his affairs for the benefit of his creditors. A bankrupt
who goes overseas without permission would have opportunities to salt away his
assets, earn income or acquire assets abroad without accounting for them to
the detriment of his creditors, since the Official Assignee would not have the
power to supervise his affairs. As such, it is necessary to treat every
infraction of section 131(1)(b) seriously.

29 In my view, there is no reason to treat preferentially offenders who commit
an offence supposedly in the course of their business. Adopting such an
approach would set a bad precedent and send the wrong signals to bankrupts
that the law views such offenders more leniently. This is manifestly contrary
to Parliament’s intention to protect the interests of creditors and improve
the administration of the affairs of bankrupts. In any case, I do not see how
an imposition of a custodial sentence for breaking the law by failing to seek
permission would discourage enterprise. Bankrupts who have work-related
reasons to travel need only take the extra step of applying for permission to
carry on their businesses legitimately. If they fail to do so, they must be
treated like any other offender. Such an approach will properly reflect the
balance of the interests of the creditors, debtors and society. Accordingly, I
rejected the magistrate’s view that the promotion of enterprise should be a
relevant policy consideration in sentencing bankrupts.

_**

Conclusion

**_

30 Choong committed the offences of leaving Singapore without the previous
permission of the Official Assignee recklessly and blatantly a total of 44
times. On this ground alone, he deserved a custodial sentence. The imposition
of a term of imprisonment was also consistent with the previous cases and
policy considerations.

31 Accordingly, I allowed the appeal of the Public Prosecutor. I set aside the
fines of $10,000 per charge for the three charges imposed by the magistrate
and ordered that the fines which had already been paid into Court be paid over
to the Official Assignee. I substituted the fines with a term of imprisonment
of two months for each of the three charges. I ordered that all the terms of
imprisonment should run consecutively. On an application by Counsel for
Choong, I allowed the commencement of the period of imprisonment to be
deferred to 10 September 2002. Bail was set at $10,000.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW

Chief Justice

Republic of Singapore

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Sep 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

