Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Azman bin Ismail and Others v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGCA 44

Case Number | : | Cr App 7/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 October 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ahmad Nizam (Muzammil, Nizam & Partners) (assigned) and Ong Cheong Wei (Ong Cheong Wei & Co) (assigned) for the first appellant; James Masih (James Masih & Co) (assigned) and Ramli Salehkon (Ramli & Co) (assigned) for the second appellant; Ram Goswani (Ram Goswani) (assigned) and Boon Khoon Lim (Dora Boon & Co) (assigned) for the third appellant; Jaswant Singh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Azman bin Ismail; Ruzaini bin Ajis; Mohamed Isnin bin Saleh — Public Prosecutor   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. The first appellant, Azman bin Ismail ("Azman"), the second appellant,
Ruzaini bin Ajis ("Ruzaini"), and the third appellant, Mohamed Isnin bin Saleh
("Isnin"), were convicted of trafficking 112.91 grams of diamorphine, which
were hidden in the false ceiling of an apartment used to store and pack
diamorphine. The trial judge imposed the mandatory death sentence on them. The
appellants appealed against the decision of the trial judge. After hearing
their arguments, we dismissed the appeals and now give the reasons for our
decision. __

Background

__

2\. On 17 August 2001, officers of the Central Narcotics Bureau ("CNB")
conducted surveillance on an apartment at Cascadale, a condominium in Upper
Changi Road. At around 1.50 pm, they saw Azman going into Unit #02-02 (the
"Cascadale apartment"). He left the said apartment at around 2.05 pm and took
a taxi to the Kranji MRT station. At around 2.40 pm, a van drove by the MRT
station. A person came out from the van and handed Azman a bag. Azman then
boarded another taxi, which was stopped by CNB officers at the junction of
Upper Changi Road East and Upper Changi Road West. Azman was arrested. His bag
contained 30 packets of heroin. When Azman was searched, the Cascadale
apartment keys as well as $42,364.29 were found on him.

3\. CNB officers next arrested Ruzaini at the pathway of the Cascadale
condominium at around 3.35 pm. Both Azman and Ruzaini were then escorted to
the Cascadale apartment. The CNB officers could not enter the apartment as
Isnin, who was then in the apartment, had pressed a chair against the front
door. When the CNB officers finally entered the apartment, Isnin was in the
master bedroom toilet, trying to flush some drugs down the toilet bowl. Isnin
was arrested at around 3.43 pm. He was found to have a set of the Cascadale
apartment keys in his haversack.

4\. When the CNB officers searched the apartment, they found 23 packets of
diamorphine above the false ceiling of the master bedroom toilet and another
20 packets of diamorphine above the false ceiling of the kitchen toilet. The
43 packets of drugs contained 112.23 grams of diamorphine. In addition, 0.68
grams of diamorphine were found in a plastic bowl, in an unsealed sachet and
in a loose pile on the floor of the master bedroom. Azman’s fingerprint was
found on the false ceiling of the kitchen toilet while Isnin’s fingerprint was
found on the false ceiling of the master bedroom toilet.

5\. Azman and Ruzini tried to distance themselves from the drugs in the
Cascadale apartment, which had been rented by the latter’s girlfriend,
Rohaizan binte Buang ("Rohaizan") on his behalf. Azman said that he had been
asked by his friend, a Malaysian Malay named "Brother", to collect VCDs on his
behalf from someone at the Kranji MRT station. He had been instructed to
proceed to the Cascadale apartment to take some money to pay for the VCDs. He
went there and took $40,000 from a bedroom. He added that he went to the
kitchen for a drink before leaving the apartment and that while he was in the
kitchen toilet, he noticed that the false ceiling above the toilet was
slightly open. He climbed onto the toilet bowl and adjusted the false ceiling
board. That was why his fingerprint was found on the said ceiling board.

6\. Azman claimed that while he was on the way to Kranji, "Brother" called and
told him not to pay for the VCDs. Instead, he was to collect the VCDs and hand
them and the money he had collected earlier on from the Cascadale apartment to
someone who was waiting for him at the Cascadale condominium. He said that he
assumed that the bag that he collected at the Kranji MRT station contained
VCDs because he had collected VCDs on behalf of "Brother" two weeks ago.

7\. In the face of evidence that he had instructed his girlfriend, Rohaizan,
to rent the Cascadale apartment on his behalf, Ruzaini claimed that he had
arranged for the rental of the said apartment on behalf of "Brother". While
Azman said that "Brother" was a Malaysian Malay, Ruzaini said that he was a
Malaysian Chinese Muslim. He said that when he was arrested, he was waiting
for Azman at the garden of the Cascadale condominium as they had agreed to
proceed together to Orchard Road. He added that he had not gone into the
Cascadale apartment and that he did not know anything about the drugs which
were in the apartment.

8\. Isnin’s statements to the CNB officers certainly shed light on the
appellants’ operations. He also claimed to have acted on the instructions of
"Brother" but he described him as an Indian Muslim. In a statement recorded on
23 August 2001, he said that Ruzaini telephoned him on the morning of the day
they were arrested to say that he needed help. He understood this to mean that
help was required for the packing of drugs. Azman also called him to ask if he
was going to "the place". He said that Azman told him that Ruzaini would also
be there. On 27 August 2001, Isnin explained in another statement that he had
been to the Cascadale apartment on other occasions prior to the arrest. During
his first visit, he saw Ruzaini and his girlfriend, Rohaizan, at the
apartment. Two or three days later, he went to the Cascadale apartment to pack
50 sachets of heroin in the master bedroom. On the day before his arrest, he
went to the apartment to pack drugs again. On this occasion, Ruzaini let him
in and he, Ruzaini and Azman packed drugs together.

__

The trial judge’s decision

_ _

9\. The trial judge accepted Isnin’s evidence that he, Azman and Ruzaini were
packing drugs in the Cascadale apartment on 16 August 2001\. He took the view
they did not complete their task of packing drugs on 16 August 2001\. As such,
they had unfinished business at the apartment on 17 August 2001, the day they
were all arrested. For reasons which will be discussed in the latter part of
this judgment, the trial judge had no doubt that when the appellants were
arrested, they were in possession of the drugs in the apartment for the
purpose of trafficking. That being the case, he found them guilty of the
capital charge faced by them.

__

The appeal

__

10\. The main thrust of the appellants’ appeal was that there was insufficient
evidence to show that they were in possession of the 112.91 grams of
diamorphine in the Cascadale apartment or that there was a common intention in
relation to drug trafficking.

11\. Azman’s appeal will first be considered. He contended that the trial
judge erred when he accepted Isnin’s evidence that he and Ruzaini had packed
drugs in the Cascadale apartment on 16 August 2001 or that he had spoken to
Isnin on the following day about going to the apartment again. He also
asserted that the trial judge did not give due weight to the fact that anyone
could have gained entry into the Cascadale apartment by obtaining a set of
keys which had been placed in the letter box structure and could have put the
43 packets of drugs in the said apartment. Finally, he contended that the
trial judge erred in holding that there was sufficient circumstantial evidence
to prove that he was in possession of the drugs found in the apartment.

12\. The trial judge noted that when Azman was arrested, he had the Cascadale
apartment keys on him and he had just collected 30 sachets of heroin for
delivery to someone at the Cascadale condominium. After reviewing the evidence
and listening to the witnesses, he chose to believe Isnin’s evidence that
Azman had packed drugs at the Cascadale apartment on 16 August 2001 and had
given instructions, which Isnin understood to be in connection with returning
to the apartment to pack more drugs on the day they were all arrested. He
pointed out that Isnin was not seeking any advantage for himself when he made
those admissions. He was not trying to shift the blame to Azman or Ruzaini. In
fact, he was also implicating himself with his admissions.

13\. The trial judge pointed out that Azman’s conduct after his arrest and his
account of material events raised serious questions about his credibility. For
instance, although he claimed that he thought that the bag which was seized
from him after his arrest contained VCDs, he had in fact told the CNB officers
that he did not know of its contents when he was first questioned.
Furthermore, although he claimed to have adjusted the false ceiling board in
the kitchen toilet because it was out of place, he had first denied that he
touched the ceiling board. His evidence as to how he got the Cascadale
apartment keys also left much to be desired. He claimed, inter alia, to have
taken the said keys from some plants outside the said apartment when there
were no such plants. In our view, it was not established that the trial judge
erred when he rejected Azman’s defence that he had no knowledge of the drugs
in the apartment and that he had nothing to do with the drugs found there.

14\. As for Ruzaini, the main grounds of his appeal were that the trial judge
should not have rejected his submission of no case to answer at the end of the
prosecution’s case, that there was insufficient evidence to prove that he was
guilty beyond reasonable doubt, that prejudicial and inadmissible evidence had
been admitted, and that it was not established that there was a common
intention to traffic in the seized drugs. He denied Isnin’s allegation that he
was at the apartment on 16 August 2001 and said that he was framed because
Isnin had thought that he was a CNB informer.

15\. For a start, it was obvious that Ruzaini had a lot of explaining to do
regarding the rental of the Cascadale apartment. It was not disputed that his
girlfriend, Rohaizan, had rented the apartment on his behalf, that she had
paid for the deposit and rental with money provided by him and that she had
handed over the keys to the apartment to him. Although Ruzaini claimed that he
had arranged for the Cascadale apartment to be rented on behalf of "Brother",
Rohaizan’s evidence was that he had said that he wanted the apartment for
himself and his friends. Her unchallenged testimony was that she had gone to
the apartment on several occasions to meet him. Furthermore, Isnin testified
that Ruzaini had packed drugs with him in the apartment previously and that he
was called by Ruzaini to help pack drugs in the apartment on the day they were
all arrested. Ruzaini claimed that he had called Isnin to help him arrange for
transport but it was not put to Isnin that this was the purpose of the phone
call. Finally, Azman, who said that he was to telephone someone called "Boy"
and deliver the bag collected at Kranji to him, admitted that "Boy" was
Ruzaini, who was at the Cascadale condominium at the material time. In view of
the aforesaid, the trial judge rightly said that all these showed that Rozaini
"had more to do with the apartment than merely being Brother’s proxy for
renting it". In the face of the evidence against him, Ruhaini’s contradictory
evidence did not advance his case. For instance, he denied knowing Azman or
Isnin but subsequently admitted that this was a lie. Furthermore, he claimed
that he was not at the Cascadale apartment on 16 August 2001 as he was at a
hotel in Geylang. However, no evidence was produced to support his alibi even
though such evidence could easily have been obtained from the hotel’s records.
During the hearing of the appeal, nothing credible was advanced to show that
the trial judge’s finding that Ruzaini was guilty of the charge faced by him
should be overruled.

16\. As for Isnin’s appeal, his counsel submitted that there was insufficient
evidence to prove his guilt. Isnin admitted that he had packed drugs in the
apartment on two previous occasions, once alone and the other time with Azman
and Ruzaini. He had in his possession the Cascadale apartment keys and his
fingerprint was on the master bedroom toilet ceiling, which concealed 23
packets of heroin. His explanation that his fingerprint was on the master
bedroom toilet ceiling board because "Brother" had asked him to check the
apartment for breakage and damage was not believable. He had earlier said that
he checked the apartment to see if there were more drugs there as he was
frightened after he found drugs in the master bedroom. All these did not
prevent him from staying on to pack drugs in the apartment. Indeed, when the
CNB officers managed to enter the apartment, he was trying to flush drugs down
the toilet bowl. There was no evidence whatsoever to counter the inference
that he was in a willing party in the plan to traffic in the drugs and that he
knew about all the drugs found in the false ceiling of the Cascadale
apartment. That being the case, he failed to establish that the trial judge’s
erred by finding that he was guilty of the charge faced by him.

17\. It is trite law that an appellate court will not disturb findings of fact
unless they are clearly against the weight of the evidence and that in
examining the evidence, an appellate court must be mindful of the fact that
the trial judge has had the opportunity to see and hear the witnesses (See,
for instance, _Lim Ah Poh v Public Prosecutor_[1992] 1 SLR 713, 719). If one
looks at all the circumstances of this case, it was not established that the
trial judge had insufficient evidence before him to prove the appellants’
common intention to traffic in the drugs found in the Cascadale apartment or
that his conclusion that the appellants were in possession of the drugs found
in the Cascadale apartment for the purpose of trafficking was wrong. In view
of this, we dismissed the appeals of all the three appellants.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW | CHAO HICK TIN | TAN LEE MENG  
---|---|---  
Chief Justice | Judge of Appeal | Judge  
  
Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Oct 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

