Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Giok Oh & 3 Others v Sajjad Akhtar & 2 Others  
[2002] SGHC 169

Case Number | : | OS 655/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 July 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Glenn Cheng (Lee & Lee) for the first, second and fourth plaintiffs; Manjit Singh and Sree Govin Menon (Manjit & Partners) for the third plaintiff; Yip Weng (Shook Lin & Bok) for the first defendant; Lawrence Quahe and Yeo Yen Ping (Harry Elias Partnership) for the third defendant   
Parties | : | —  
  
Civil Procedure – Discovery of documents – Pre-action discovery – Whether
notes or drafts of court assessors discoverable  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Court judgments – Role of court assessors – Whether
advice of court assessors open to scrutiny  
  

essentially a technical expert for the judge to consult and takes no part in
the judgment. What an assessor (as opposed to a court expert) says is not
evidence upon which the parties are entitled to cross-examine. The use of an
assessor is a privilege of the court and the privilege of the assessor is that
his errors will only be exposed through the judgment, or else be buried with
it. ([7] – [8])

**

CASE(S) REFERRED TO

> **_

Arensen v Casson Beckman Rutley & Co

_[1975] 3 All ER 901 (refd) _

Kuah Kok Kim v Ernst & Young

_[1997] 1 SLR 169 (refd) _

Richardson v Redpath, Brown & Co Ltd

_[1944] AC 62 (folld) _

Sutcliffe v Thackrah

_[1974] AC 727 _

The Beryl

_[1884] 9 PD 137 (folld)

**Judgment**

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

1\. This was an application for pre-action discovery. The plaintiffs in this
Originating Summons were the second, third, fourth, and fifth defendants in
Originating Summons No. 727 of 1996. By this present application the
plaintiffs sought discovery of documents consisting of working drafts, draft
reports, correspondence, and attendance notes (including notes with the judge
in Originating Summons No. 727 of 1996). The three defendants were all court
appointed assessors (nominated by consent of all parties) in the Originating
Summons 727 of 1996 proceedings where Mr. Haridass appeared for the plaintiffs
and Mr. Wong Meng Meng appeared for the defendants in the Originating Summons
No. 727 of 1996 proceedings. Mr. Wong has since been discharged and Mr. Cheng
presently acts for three of the defendants, now the first, second, and fourth,
plaintiffs in this Originating Summons No. 655 of 2002. Mr. Manjit Singh acts
for the fifth plaintiff in Originating Summons No. 655 of 2002. Mr. Yip
appeared for Mr. Sajjad Akhtar, the first defendant here, and one of the
assessors in Originating Summons No. 727 of 1996. Mr. Quahe appeared for Mr.
Philip Leow, the third defendant, who was also an assessor in Originating
Summons No. 727 of 1996. Mr. Chee Keng Hoy, the second defendant here, also an
assessor in Originating Summons No. 727 of 1996, was served in Malaysia but
had not entered an appearance. The intended action against the three
defendants, or any of them, according to counsel, is based on negligence. It
will be necessary to refer to the historical background, namely the
Originating Summons No. 727 of 1996 proceedings in order to appreciate what
this application is about.

2\. The plaintiffs in Originating Summons No. 727 of 1996 were essentially the
Bajumi family (the Bajumis) from Indonesia. The defendants were essentially
the Tan family (the Tans) in Singapore. The respective patriarchs of the
Bajumis and Tans started off as good friends and business partners. Together
they built up a successful business which, at the time of the Originating
Summons No. 727 of 1996 proceedings, included a large rubber plantation in
Indonesia, the Afro-Asia Building in Singapore, and a substantial investment
in a public company called Ssangyong Cement Singapore Ltd. In the course of
time, the divergent vision, and the size of the families severely tested the
old Bajumi-Tan partnership and it buckled, resulting in litigation; initially
with a winding-up petition, but eventually in Originating Summons No. 727 of
1996. It is not necessary for present purposes to set out all the details of
the previous proceedings and I shall only set out the main ones such as are
relevant for an understanding of the present Originating Summons.

3\. When Originating Summons No. 727 of 1996 came up for hearing in April 1998
counsel for the parties informed the court (and I should mention for the
present record that I was the judge who heard the Originating Summons No. 727
of 1996 proceedings) that the parties had reached an agreement to settle their
dispute and to that end, have agreed on a formula. The general consensus was
that all three assets, which I had mentioned above, were to be valued and the
Bajumis would buy over the Tans' interests in the rubber plantation in
Indonesia; and likewise, the Tans would buy over the Bajumis' interests in the
Afro-Asia Building and Ssangyong Cement (S) Ltd's shares in Singapore.
Consequently, the parties recorded a consent order which provided the
mechanism and formula for the valuation of the assets, and thereafter, the
valuation of the shares of the respective holding companies. This consent
order was varied by consent in November 1999. For present purposes, it is
sufficient to note that one of the keys in the formula envisaged in the April
1998 consent order was that the valuation of the assets must include a
consideration of the market value on six specifically agreed dates in respect
of the Ssangyong shares, and four specifically agreed dates in respect of the
Afro-Asia Building. The significant variation in November 1999 was to qualify
the formula by adding the words "if possible" to qualify the requirement of
using the market value of those six and four given dates respectively. The
parties could not eventually agree on the value of the assets using the
formula that they had agreed. The discrepancy was far too great. The expert
advising the Bajumis in respect of the Ssangyong shares valued the shares at
S$3.34 a share, and the Afro-Asia Building at about S$66m. The expert advising
the Tans was of the view that the sums should be S$1.03 and S$37m
respectively. The disagreement over the value of the rubber plantation was
even greater. The Bajumis say that it was worth US$66m. The Tans say it should
be US$3.5m. The matter reverted to the court because of the impasse.

4\. When the hearing commenced it was agreed between the parties that relevant
assessors be appointed to assist the court in view of the complicated
valuations that have to be carried out and evaluated. The parties specifically
declined the alternative of engaging a court expert, preferring assessors. The
first defendant was thus engaged jointly with the second defendant to assist
the court as assessors in respect of the rubber plantation, and by himself in
respect of the Ssangyong shares. The first defendant was also appointed
jointly with the third defendant as assessors in respect of the Afro-Asia
Building. The first defendant featured in all three assets because he was an
accountant by training and the valuation of the three assets required an
accounting input, Furthermore, he was also appointed by the parties under the
April 1998 agreement as the "Independent Auditor" with the view of helping the
parties to evaluate the share value of the holding companies. At the end of a
difficult and complex proceedings, the court valued the Ssangyong shares at
$S$3.4; the Afro-Asia Building at S$57,625,000; and the plantation at
US17.54m. The parties were dissatisfied with the decision and appealed to the
Court of Appeal. The appeal was not heard because the parties again agreed to
settle out of court. This time, by consent, they set aside the judgment of the
first instance court and agreed to sell all the assets by auction and divide
the proceeds in the manner set out in the consent order before the Court of
Appeal.

5\. We may now revert to the application at hand. The plaintiffs' (essentially
the Tans) stance is straightforward. It was put by Mr. Manjit in this way. The
judge in Originating Summons No. 727 of 1996 (that would be me) was not
technically trained and therefore could have arrived at a decision to value
the assets by averaging the values of the six and four dates in respect of the
Ssangyong shares and the Afro-Asia Building respectively, only by relying on
the assessors' advice. That, of course, is not necessarily a correct
conclusion, but I move on. They (the plaintiffs) are able to prove that it was
not possible to value the assets in this way. The assessors were therefore
wrong and negligent to have so advised the court. Mr. Cheng further affirm
that the plaintiffs already have an accrued cause of action in negligence but
believe that they will uncover others if the discovery application is granted.

6\. It must not be forgotten that the six and four dates were agreed by the
parties. The only variation was that they subsequently added the words "if
possible" to the relevant term. Fundamentally, the dispute over the valuations
arose because the Bajumis believe that it was possible to apply the said
dates, but the Tans believe that it was not. The judge of first instance
agreed with the submissions of counsel for the Bajumis on this point. The
assessors were at hand to assist him, but ultimately, the judge must form his
own view. No court will allow any party to take over and make decisions for
it. The court may, of course, adopt part, or substantially, or even entirely,
the submission of one side. It may do this in respect of an issue or part of
an issue, or even the entire case. The assessors take no part in the judgment.
As Brett MR held in _The Beryl_ [1884] 9 PD 137:

> > "The assessors who assist the judge take no part in the judgment whatever;
> they are not responsible for it, and have nothing to do with it."

They only advise and it is for the judge to decide how much of that advice
should be accepted. The issues of the case are decided upon the responsibility
of the judge, and upon the evidence before him, and, as Brett MR said, "upon
his view of the evidence". The advice of a court's assessor is not an
appendage of the court's judgment; and only the judgment is directly subject
to scrutiny in the appeal court, the advice of the assessor only obliquely so.
The use of an assessor is a privilege of the court. And the privilege of the
assessor is that his errors will only be exposed through the judgment, or else
be buried with it.

7\. What an assessor (as opposed to a court expert) says is not even evidence
upon which the parties are entitled to cross-examine. As Viscount Simon in
_Richardson v Redpath, Brown & Co Ltd_ [1944] AC 62, 70 reminds us, no one is
to treat the assessor as an "unsworn witness in the special confidence of the
court". He is only an expert for the judge to consult. "The judge may consult
him in case of need as to the proper technical inferences to be drawn from
proved facts, or as to the extent of the difference between apparently
contradictory conclusions in the expert field." Apart from the technical
nature of the subject of valuation, it was because the partisan expert opinion
on both sides in the Originating Summons No. 727 of 1996 proceedings that
necessitated the appointment of the present defendants as court assessors.
Hence, in my view, it is doubtful whether their notes or drafts are
discoverable at all; certainly not under the circumstances of this case, and
under an application for pre-action discovery. Pre-action discovery is not an
instrument for private detectives snooping for action. If, as Mr. Cheng
conceded, the cause of action had already accrued, then the plaintiffs ought
to commence the writ action and proceed to discovery in the usual course. I
would also adopt what was said by Lai Kew Chai J in the Court of Appeal in
_Kuah Kok Kim v Ernst & Young_ [1997] 1 SLR 169, 181 "The court's duty is only
to ensure that the application was not frivolous or speculative or that the
applicants were on a fishing expedition". In this case, I will reserve any
comment as to whether the application is frivolous or speculative merely to
avoid an unnecessary dispute over the plaintiffs' motives. That aspect can be
more appropriately dealt with elsewhere; but I am bound to at least express my
view that even neutrally perceived, this application does appear to be a
"fishing expedition". In view of the special circumstances and facts of this
case, I would declare a "No Fishing Zone" until the usual discovery process
can take place and the application is made again.

8\. Finally, although this is a pre-action discovery application, it is also
necessary to consider whether there is indeed any cause of action against the
assessors. Even if it is assumed that the assessors had given wrong or
negligent advice, and that that advice was accepted or adopted by the court in
its entirety (assuming, for the moment, that it would be wrong to do that),
what damage was there in this case when the 'wrong' judgment had been set
aside (by consent)? I am not making any pronouncement as to the undesirability
on grounds of public policy to allow such action against the assessors and
shall leave that to the more appropriate forum since the only issue before me
is whether a pre-action discovery order ought to be made on the facts of this
case. Mr. Manjit referred to a dicta by Lord Kibrandon and Lord Fraser in
_Arensen v Casson Beckman Rutley & Co_ [1975] 3 All ER 901, 918 for the
proposition that a court assessor should not be immune from suit if no such
immunity is granted to an arbitrator. Since this case was brought up in
submission, I shall only say that it is not helpful in the present
application. First, the dicta was made by a minority of the Law Lords, and it
will be seen that Lord Kilbrandon's poser that an arbitrator could still get
immunity by asking for it from the parties who appointed him, Lord Salmon
disagrees with the wisdom of that approach. It will also be useful to remember
that in Lord Kilbrandon's analysis, an arbitrator ought to be liable to suit
because he has held himself out as a man with special skills to assist the
parties who appoint him. Therefore, it follows, that he should be treated as
any other such professional. Finally, the facts of that case, as well as
_Sutcliffe v Thackrah_[1974] AC 727, upon which Lord Kilbrandon paid homage,
are entirely different. They concern the question of an auditor who valued the
shares of a company knowing that his valuation was being relied on by the
parties fighting over the shares. And in _Sutcliffe_ , the defendants were
appointed as architects who negligently over-certified payments to the
builder. To rely on these authorities in the present application is, borrowing
Lord Simon's phrase, if I may, to "start the argument from the wrong place and
arrive at an impossible place".

9\. For the reasons above, the application was dismissed. I have also ordered
that the separate Originating Summons taken out by the first defendant for
payment of his costs be heard separately. I ordered that the costs of this
application be paid by the plaintiffs to the first defendant in the sum of
$2,00 and to the third defendant in the sum of $8,000. The third defendant had
raised a preliminary objection to Mr. Manjit Singh acting for any of the
plaintiffs by reason of a conflict of duties. I ruled that that should be a
matter of an inquiry elsewhere. I mention this only because Mr. Manjit
informed me that the third defendant refused to serve his papers on Mr.
Manjit's firm because of the objection that he was not entitled to act for the
third plaintiff. I do not think that that is right. As long as he is the
solicitor on record, all papers ought to be served on him.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jul 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

