Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Han Min v First Commercial Bank and Others (First Commercial Bank, Third
Party)  
[2002] SGHC 108

Case Number | : | Suit 944/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 May 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC, Jimmy Yim SC, Julian Kwek, Eugene Quah and Sameer Advani (Drew & Napier) for the plaintiff; Alan Wong Hoi Ping and Wee Hsiang Ling (William Lai & Alan Wong) for the first defendant/third party (up to 27 December 2001); Michael Hwang SC and Valerie Tan (Allen & Gledhill) for the first defendant/third party (from 27 December 2001); R Palakrishnan SC and Malathi Das (Palakrishnan & Partners) for the second defendant (up to 19 October 2001); Hee Theng Fong and Chua Ai Chun (Hee Theng Fong & Co) for the third defendant (up to 17 October 2001)   
Parties | : |  Han Min — First Commercial Bank; Kyone Yeom Group Co Pte Ltd; Hu Hua alias U Kyaw Myint — First Commercial Bank   
  
** Judgment **

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

1\. The plaintiff in these proceedings, Han Min, is a customer of the first
defendant, First Commercial Bank ("the bank"). The second defendant Kyone Yeom
Group Co Pte Ltd ("KYGC") is also a customer of the bank. The third defendant
Hu Hua is a director and majority shareholder of KYGC.

2\. Each party was represented in court when the hearing started, but counsel
for the second and third defendants discharged themselves in the course of the
trial and thereafter these two defendants were not in court themselves or by
counsel to present their defences.

3\. The plaintiff’s relationship with the bank had commenced when an account
was provisionally opened for him on 14 August 2000. After that, the plaintiff
remitted HK$8,799,600 to the account on 18 August ("the first remittance"),
followed by a further sum of HK$339,600 on 22 August ("the second
remittance").

4\. The plaintiff came to Singapore on 23 August. He went to the bank to
attend to the formalities of opening the account, and he gave instructions
that the two remittances were to be placed in monthly fixed deposits.

5\. His next visit was on the following day 24 August when he signed a
document. The document executed is a memorandum of lien ("the first
memorandum"). The effect of this document is to pledge the deposits to the
bank as security for facilities the bank granted to KYGC.

6\. The first and second remittances were followed by two other remittances on
22 September in the sums of HK$1,019,600 and HK$8,179,600. The plaintiff then
made another visit to the bank on 25 September. During this visit, he had his
deposits converted into Singapore currency. He also signed another memorandum
of lien ("the second memorandum"). The effect of this document is to pledge
all the four deposits to the bank as security for facilities extended to KYGC.
When KYGC defaulted on its repayments to the bank, the bank uplifted the
plaintiff’s deposits under the first and/or second memorandum to set-off the
debt.

7\. The plaintiff claimed that he did not know that the two documents he
executed were pledges and that he was misled by the officers of the bank into
signing them. In these proceedings he primarily wanted the memoranda to be
declared null and void and his deposits to be restored.

8\. His claim against KYGC was based on the premise that if the bank was
entitled to uplift his deposits, he was entitled to be indemnified by KYGC as
it was the borrower. The plaintiff also claimed that if these deposits were
uplifted, he was entitled to contribution from Hu Hua as a co-surety because
Hu Hua had given a guarantee to the bank for KYGC’s facilities.

9\. Hu Hua took out third party proceedings against the bank. His claim
proceeded on the basis that the guarantee he gave to the bank in connection to
facilities granted to KYGC was not valid and that he was entitled to be
indemnified by the bank for any liability that he may incur towards the
plaintiff as a co-surety.

_

  
The plaintiff’s case

_

10\. The plaintiff is a Chinese national and resident. He was born in 1968, so
he was about 32 years old when the events occurred. He was educated in the
Chinese medium. After completing school he obtained a diploma in Enterprise
Management from Shenzhen University in 1987. He was taught basic English in
school and university, but he had largely forgotten it because he did not use
it. He had invested well in the stock market in China and accumulated some
wealth.

11\. He visited Singapore in August 1999 and was impressed with what he saw,
and intended to settle himself and his family here. In July 2000 he applied
for permanent residence for himself and his family. He engaged Dr Choong Chow
Siong ("Choong") of Choong Management Consultants Pte Ltd to advise and assist
in the application. He was informed that he could participate in an investment
scheme with the Economic Development Board under which he would have to invest
$1.5m within three months of obtaining in-principle approval of his
application. To demonstrate the seriousness of his intention, the plaintiff
stated in his application that he would make the investment within half a
month of the in-principle approval. He was also considering buying a family
home and had viewed some apartments with a housing agent.

12\. When he was preparing to remit his funds to Singapore, a business
associate in China, Mdm Long Qiong Zhen recommended that he remitted them to
the First Commercial Bank. Mdm Long was also a business associate of Hu Hua
and recommended the bank because of Hu Hua’s close connections with it.

13\. The plaintiff made the first two remittances to the bank before
completing the formalities for opening an account. He followed that up by
coming to Singapore on 22 August. Hu Hua whom he had met in China through Mdm
Long received him with warm hospitality. He hosted a dinner for him, put him
up in a suite at Raffles Town Club and arranged for a secretary and a car to
take him to the bank.

14\. When he went to the bank the next morning, he was received and attended
to by Cheng Jung-Sen ("Cheng") and Wu Tzyy-Arng ("Wu"), both Assistant Vice-
Presidents and Deputy General Managers of the bank. He signed some documents
which Cheng explained to him and left. In the afternoon he returned to the
bank after he was informed by Hu Hua that he needed to sign further documents.
Cheng suggested that he put his money in fixed deposit. When he expressed
concern over his access to the funds, Cheng assured him that he would still
have access to the funds if they were placed in renewable monthly deposits. He
accepted the advice and signed a fixed deposit agreement.

15\. The next morning Hu Hua told him to go to the bank again and sign some
more documents. When he arrived at the bank Cheng produced another document
for him to sign which Cheng explained would make it possible for future
remittances to be placed in fixed deposits without his attendance at the bank.
He signed the document and left the bank without being given a copy of it. At
that time the blank spaces in the document were not filled except for his
signature and his Singapore address. (This document is the first memorandum of
24 August).

16\. On 25 September the plaintiff made another visit to the bank. His
intention was to convert his Hong Kong currency deposits to Singapore
currency, and to transfer them to the United Overseas Bank ("UOB") where he
also had an account. Cheng attended to him and told him that the bank can
convert the deposits for him at an attractive exchange rate. After verifying
the rates he took up the suggestion and instructed the deposits be converted,
thereafter $4m was to be retained in the bank and the balance $110,311.22
transferred to his account at UOB. He confirmed his instructions by signing on
the deposit slips for the four deposits. He also signed another document which
Cheng said was required to facilitate the conversion. (This document is the
second memorandum of 25 September). No copies of these documents were given to
him.

17\. He returned to China on 30 September. Just before he left, he asked his
friend Kenny Cai Wen Xing ("Cai") to check with the bank on the conversion on
his behalf. On 6 October Cai telephoned and informed him that he had been to
the bank and obtained a document which appeared to be a pledge.

18\. On hearing this, he decided to come to Singapore to investigate. On 9
October, he went to the bank with Choong and they saw Cheng. He informed Cheng
that he wanted to withdraw his deposits but was told that he could not do that
because they had been pledged to secure loans given to Hu Hua. Cheng gave him
two copies of the document he signed on 24 August, with some of the blanks
filled up.

19\. Later that day he went to Cai’s house, which was also his Singapore
address for his account with the bank. Cai gave him some documents the bank
had sent there, including the deposit slips he signed on 25 September, each
bearing a red stamp that was not there before. Cai also handed to him the
document he collected from the bank on 6 October. This was a copy of the
document he signed on 25 September (the second memorandum).

20\. On the following day he consulted Choong on the documents and was told
that the stamp on the deposit slips indicated that they were pledged. That
afternoon they went to the bank again. They met with Cheng and Wu and asked to
see the second memorandum. After waiting for about 45 minutes, they were given
a copy of the second memorandum with the spaces previously left blank now
filled in. He asked to see the document but it was not produced. Instead the
copy was certified as a true copy and handed to him. When they insisted on
inspecting the original, Wu told them it was not possible because the document
was being examined by officers of the Monetary Authority of Singapore at that
time – a reason subsequently acknowledged to be untrue.

21\. He was unhappy over the lien, and when the bank uplifted his deposits
because KYGC failed to repay its loans, he commenced these proceedings.

_

  
The bank’s case

_

22\. The bank’s response to the plaintiff’s complaints was quite remarkable,
particularly for an establishment such as a bank. When the plaintiff’s
solicitors at that time Joo Toon & Co, wrote to the bank and stated that the
memorandum of 24 August had relevant details left blank when it was signed,
the bank’s solicitors Chee & Teo replied on 24 October to deny that in clear
terms –

> _
>
> Our clients’ banking practice do not allow customers to sign blank
> documents.
>
> _
>
> Your client’s allegation of signing on a ‘blank document’ is untrue. The
> Memorandum of Lien contained _important details such as Name of the borrower
> and date which were inserted_ _before your client executed the same_.
>
> (Emphasis added)

23\. The bank retracted from this position later. Wu explained that the
position was taken because the bank misunderstood a blank document to be a
blank piece of paper when it instructed Chee & Teo on the matter. This
explanation did not accord with the fact that the plaintiff was not
complaining of signing on blank sheets, and the reply referred specifically to
a memorandum of lien.

24\. After the action was commenced the bank referred to the execution of the
two memoranda in its defence, then it amended it substantially. In the amended
defence it reversed itself on the events leading to and following the
execution of the two memoranda.

25\. In the defence filed on 6 December 2000, the bank pleaded in connection
with the events of 24 August that (i) the memorandum was signed by the
plaintiff "in escrow" with the particulars to be filled in later, (ii) Cheng
and Wu _did not explain_ _the contents, meaning and effect_ of the document to
the plaintiff because he did not request for it and (iii) it was "not the
bank’s usual practice to give customers copies of the forms which they had
signed unless specifically requested for by the customers", and _no copy was
given_ to the plaintiff because he did not request for it. In the amended
defence filed on 21 February 2001, the bank pleaded that (i) the memorandum
was signed in blank, (ii) Wu produced the memorandum and _explained its
nature, contents and effect_ s and (iii) the plaintiff was _given a copy_ of
the document because he had asked for it.

26\. In relation to the events of 25 September and the second memorandum the
bank pleaded in its defence that _no copy of the memorandum was given_ to the
plaintiff because he had not requested for it. In the amended defence,
however, the position taken was that _a copy of the memorandum was given_ to
the plaintiff upon his request, and that "Cheng/Wu" explained it to the
plaintiff before he signed it.

_

  
The issues

_

27\. Many issues were raised in the pleadings and the submissions, in my view
too many. Some were not developed or followed up in the closing submissions
and others were dealt with at length which were not really germane to the
basic dispute or its determination.

28\. Keeping the focus on the dispute, I see the issues to be –

> (i) whether the plaintiff read and understood the memoranda on his own,
>
> (ii) whether the memoranda were properly explained to him when he signed
> them,
>
> (iii) whether copies of the memoranda were given to him when he signed them,
>
> (iv) whether he had agreed to pledge his deposits to secure KYGC’s
> facilities, and
>
> (v) whether the bank had reason to obtain the pledges without his knowledge.

_

  
Whether the plaintiff read and understood the memoranda on his own

_

29\. The plaintiff had the memoranda before him when he signed them. If he
could read them on his own, he would have known what he signed without
explanation from anyone.

30\. The plaintiff said that he could not read them with his limited knowledge
of English, but counsel for the bank contended that with eight years’
instruction on the language in school and university, the plaintiff would be
able to read the memoranda. The memoranda were not written in simple English
but in typical legal manner which a person conversant in English with no legal
training may find difficult to understand.

31\. There was really nothing to suggest that the plaintiff was more
conversant in English than he claimed. He dealt with Cheng and Wu in Mandarin,
and wrote to the bank in Chinese, and there was no evidence that he had
conversed or corresponded with anyone in English. In any event, there was
little incentive for the plaintiff to try and read and understand the
memoranda on his own when the bank officers had explained them to him. (The
dispute is not whether explanations were given, but whether proper
explanations were given).

_

  
Whether the memoranda were properly explained to the plaintiff

The first memorandum

_

32\. The bank stated in its defence that it was not explained to the
plaintiff, then it asserted in the amended defence that "Cheng/Wu" had
explained it. The bank’s evidence created further confusion because Wu said at
one stage that he explained the nature of the document, then he said he did
not explain it. Cheng on his part deposed that he explained the nature of the
document to the plaintiff.

33\. The plaintiff’s complaint was that he did not know that he was signing a
pledge. If Cheng and Wu explained the nature of the memorandum to the
plaintiff, why did the bank state in its defence that there was no
explanation? Wu could only say that there was miscommunication of the
instructions because they did not explain the entire lien, only the nature __
of it. This did not accord with the defence that neither he nor Cheng
explained the _contents, meaning and effect_ of the document, if they both had
explained its _nature_. If the plaintiff was told of the nature of the
memorandum, he would have known that it was a pledge, and that should have
been pleaded.

_

  
The second memorandum

_

34\. The bank’s defence was silent on whether this memorandum was explained to
the plaintiff. The amended defence asserted that it was explained to him by
"Cheng/Wu" Neither of them said that in their affidavits of evidence-in-chief.
Wu in his evidence in court took the opposite position when he said that
because the first memorandum was explained already, the second memorandum was
not explained by him or Cheng.

_

  
Whether copies of the memoranda were given to the plaintiff

The first memorandum

_

35\. The bank reversed its position on whether a copy of the first memorandum
was given to the plaintiff. Cheng’s explanation was that initially he could
not recall very clearly whether he had given it, but he remembered that later.
Again this did not tie in with the defence which was positive in its terms
that the plaintiff did not ask for a copy and was not given one.

36\. The plaintiff also contributed to the confusion. The List of Documents
filed on 16 January 2001 by his original solicitors, Joo Toon & Co included a
blank copy of the first memorandum, but no such document was produced for
inspection. Their successors explained that the document was listed in error
and pointed out the plaintiffs’ position before and in the commencement of the
action on 9 November 2000 had been consistent that he was not given a copy of
the document, but no clear explanation was offered as to how the mistake
occurred.

_

  
The second memorandum

_

37\. The plaintiff’s case is that he did not have a copy of this memorandum
until Cai obtained a copy of it from the bank on 6 October.

38\. In its defence the bank defence agreed that he was not given a copy, but
turned around in its amended defence and asserted that a copy of the lien was
given to him.

39\. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief Cai deposed that the plaintiff had
asked him on 30 September to go to the bank to check on the conversion of the
plaintiff’s deposits. He did not go to the bank till 6 October. When he went
to the bank Cheng referred him to Ms Tan Bee Kuan ("Ms Tan"). Ms Tan brought
out a file and showed him a deposit slip bearing the notation $4m and the
interest rate.

40\. He noticed another document in the file, a blank document bearing the
plaintiff’s signature, which Ms Tan said was a guarantee. He asked for, and
was given a copy of it. (The document exhibited by Cai in his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief is a blank Memorandum of Lien on Fixed Deposits with the
blanks empty except for the plaintiff’s signature and Wu’s signature as
witness. This document with the other blanks filled in is the second
memorandum.)

41\. That evening a friend told him it was a pledge or guarantee of some sort.
He telephoned the plaintiff and told him about the document. The plaintiff’s
response was that he had not signed any pledge or guarantee and that he would
bring forward his trip to Singapore to find out more.

42\. Ms Tan agreed that Cai saw her on 6 October. She deposed in her affidavit
of evidence-in-chief that "I showed him the Memorandum of Lien of Fixed
Deposit with particulars filled in dated 25th September 2000" and informed him
that it was for the plaintiff to pledge his deposit to KYGC, and "(a)fter
seeing the said document he said he did not require a copy of it anymore."

43\. In her evidence in court she was less certain about the document she
showed him. She said she took out the lien from a file and showed it to Cai.
She did not look at the date of the lien and believed it to be the one dated
September. She knew that the plaintiff had signed an earlier memorandum and
asked Cai which memorandum he wanted, but Cai was undecided and wanted to
check with the plaintiff. (This account contradicted her affidavit and the
amended defence that Cai did not want a copy.)

44\. Her evidence was also inconsistent with the amended defence which stated
that she had taken a file, not just one document, and showed it to Cai. When
this was brought to her attention her response was that she had objected to
this part of the amended defence, but nothing was done about it.

45\. Questions rose from her evidence. Why did she take out one memorandum
when she knew there to be two of them? Why did she or Cai not do the
reasonable and sensible thing and take copies of both documents? If Cai wanted
to seek the plaintiff’s further instructions, why was that not stated instead
of saying and pleading that he did not want a copy of the document? If she
objected to the mistake in the amended defence, why was that ignored?

_

  
Whether the plaintiff agreed to pledge his deposits to secure KYGC’s
facilities

_

46\. The plaintiff’s case is that he did not know of KYGC and had not agreed
to pledge his deposits to secure its facilities. KYGC is a company controlled
by Hu Hua in which the plaintiff had no interest, and with which he had no
dealings. The plaintiff and Hu Hua had agreed to go into a joint venture to
invest in the stock market in China with funds to be provided by Hu Hua. The
venture was conceived during the plaintiff’s visit to Singapore in August. It
did not involve KYGC in any way, and was aborted in the following month.

47\. There appears to be very little reason or purpose for the plaintiff to
pledge his deposits for the benefit of KYGC. He had earmarked part of the
funds to secure permanent residence for himself and his family, and he would
need funds to buy a house. By pledging the deposits, his funds cannot be used
for either purpose.

48\. He was anxious that his funds were not tied up. Cheng confirmed that the
plaintiff wanted to be assured that he would be able to withdraw the deposits
when he needed to. Yet Cheng’s evidence was that when the plaintiff visited
the bank on 25 September to withdraw all his funds and was advised that he
could only withdraw the third and fourth deposits, he gave instructions to
pledge all four remittances.

49\. Cheng’s account of the plaintiff’s behaviour was quite extraordinary. He
started off wanting to withdraw all his money, and when told he could only
withdraw a part of it, he not only decided not to withdraw what he can, but
proceeded to pledge the balance as well.

_

  
Whether the bank had reason to obtain the pledges without the plaintiff’s
knowledge

_

50\. Underlying the allegations and disputes is the question why the bank
would obtain the plaintiff’s pledges by stealth as he alleged. A bank would
want to keep its customers, and would not do anything to antagonise them
unless there is some cause for it.

51\. To deal with this question it is necessary to examine Hu Hua’s and KYGC’s
relationship with the bank. Hu Hua evidently presents himself very well to
people he met. He created a favourable impression on the plaintiff. Mr Lin
Hann-Chyi, the bank’s General Manager testified that he was happy to have him
as a client, and considered his company as a customer of great potential as Hu
Hua had declared his intention to locate his financial centre in Singapore.

52\. KYGC sought facilities from the bank by an application form dated 11
February 2000. The application submitted was for US$5m secured overdraft and
US$50m for trust receipts. Added to these in handwriting was an application
for $200,000 unsecured overdraft which was inserted on Cheng’s instructions.

53\. The bank made two offers in response to this application. The first was
on 21 February offering US$5m in secured overdraft and the same amount in
trust receipts. The second offer of 22 February was for the same facilities
and an additional line of $200,000 unsecured overdraft.

54\. Ms Tan Bee Kuan (the same officer who dealt with Cai), a Special Grade
Clerk with 20 years service with the bank processed the application. She had
written in the additional facility into KYGC’s application form on the
instructions of her manager. She wanted KYGC to submit a new application for
all three lines, but the company did not return the form that she despatched
to it for that purpose. She had also requested for the financial statements of
KYGC and a board resolution accepting the offered facilities.

55\. Of the documents required, she only received the board resolution, and
only in July. She nevertheless processed the application without the absent
documents, and prepared a credit report on 17 July in which she concluded that
the company was technically insolvent with current liabilities exceeding
current assets by $998,705.

56\. Nevertheless the unsecured line was offered. Not only that, it was
allowed to be operated by KYGC even before the offer was made or accepted,
when the company drew five cheques on the line between 17-21 February.

57\. Ms Tan was questioned on these unusual happenings -

> Q: So this would be a unique case because there was non-compliance,
> unsecured credit line of $200,000, yet the account was activated for several
> months?
>
> A: I can’t answer the question. You must ask my manager.
>
> Q: In your recollection, has there been any other case beside KYGC of an
> unsecured loan, where documentation is not complete, no financial statements
> or credit report, yet the loan is activated?

> A: No.
>
> Q: The full $200,000 was utilised before your credit report?
>
> A: Yes.

> Q: Wouldn’t you, with your 5 years experience regard this as an unusual
> experience?
>
> A: I rather not answer. I cannot say it is usual or unusual. It is a rare
> occurrence.

58\. A picture emerges of a favoured client being accorded special treatment.
This setting lends credibility to the plaintiff’s complaint that the bank
misled him into signing the two memoranda so that KYGC can draw on its secured
line. The bank’s revolving positions and the bank officers’ evidence did
little to dispel that.

59\. The plaintiff’s complaints raise serious charges against the bank which
must be considered carefully. I took into account all the evidence,
particularly the plaintiff’s reasons for sending his funds to Singapore, his
relationship (actually the absence of it) with KYGC, and the bank’s case on
the execution of the memoranda and the management of the KYGC account before
arriving at my findings.

_

  
My findings

_

60\. After examining and reviewing the matters carefully, I find that the
plaintiff had proved on a balance of probabilities that he was not aware that
the documents he executed were pledges, and that he had been misled by the
bank officers.

61\. I accept that the plaintiff was not able to read and understand the
memoranda on his own. I do not accept that either Cheng or Wu had explained
the true nature of the documents to him, or had given him copies of them.
Between the accounts of Cheng and Wu and that of the plaintiff, I prefer the
plaintiff’s evidence on the explanations given. I find that the plaintiff had
not intended or agreed to pledge his deposit to secure KYGC’s facilities.

62\. In the result I declare that the memoranda are not binding on the
plaintiff and I order that his deposits are to be restored together with such
interest which would have accrued had they not been uplifted. I leave it to
the parties to compute the quantum of interest, and if they cannot agree, the
matter is to be referred back to me. The plaintiff shall also have his costs
from the bank, and I order that they be taxed for two counsel.

63\. As the plaintiff had proceeded against KYGC and Hu Hua on the basis that
the memoranda were binding, these claims are dismissed. There shall be no
costs to the defendants who had absented themselves.

64\. Finally, Hu Hua’s claim against the bank is dismissed with costs for two
counsel to be taxed.

Sgd:

Kan Ting Chiu  
Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 May 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

