Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## B & Another v D  
[2002] SGHC 210

Case Number | : | OS No 477 of 2002/S  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 September 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kesavan Nair (as counsel) for Wee Raayah & Partners for the plaintiffs; Shanker and Thangavelu (Rajah Velu & Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : | â€”  
  
** Judgment **

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

_

The background

_

1\. D (the defendant) is the natural father of A (the infant) who is presently
about 2 years of age, having been born on 2 December 2000. The infant's mother
was E, daughter of B and C (the first and second plaintiffs respectively.
Besides E, the plaintiffs have two (2) other children/daughters, namely F and
G who are both married and residing in Perth. The first and second plaintiffs
left Singapore for Australia on 1 February 1983, became Australian citizens in
1988 and are aged 62 and 56 respectively; they have been married for 32 years.
The plaintiffs reside at No. 5 Doyle Street, Morley, Perth, Western Australia.
Besides their two (2) daughters, the plaintiffs have relatives residing close
to them at Perth. Whenever they visit Singapore (which is about once a year),
the plaintiffs would live with the first plaintiff's mother at No. 10B Jubilee
Road. The terrace house is also occupied inter alia, by the family of a
paternal uncle H (who is the property's joint owner) of E. By all accounts,
the plaintiffs, their daughters and relatives are a close knit family.

2\. Ea was two years older than the defendant, who is an Indian national now
27 years of age. The defendant has a younger brother and an older sister, both
living in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, South India. The couple met through the
defendant's mother I (the defendant's mother) whom E consulted on her thyroid
disorder and an earlier failed relationship. The defendant's mother has been
variously described by the plaintiffs as a soothsayer or religious person, who
performs religious rituals and does fortune telling. This has been denied and
the defendant's mother says (in para 6 of her affidavit) that she devotes her
life to spiritual pursuits and pursuit for the truth, that she does not make
predictions or tell fortunes but, she prays for the wellbeing of all who come
to her. The defendant's mother (aged 46) also resides in Tamil Nadu but she
visits Singapore and Malaysia often as she has disciples in both countries.
Indeed, one such 'disciple' J filed an affidavit on the defendant's behalf,
describing the defendant's mother as a 'guru' whose blessings resulted in her
having a son (and another) after 4 years of childless marriage. Another
disciple K deposed in her affidavit that the defendant's mother recites
prayers and chants mantras. J affirmed that whenever the defendant's mother
visits Singapore, she stays at J's flat at St George's Lane and many people
(Chinese, Indian and foreign) would seek her blessings. The defendant's mother
accepts no payment from her disciples but states in her affidavits that she
owns three (3) properties in India which yields her monthly rental income of
Rupees 42,000 (approximating S$1,520-$1596 @ S$3.62-$3.80 to Rupees 100).

3\. Ea and the defendant were married at the Registry of Marriages Singapore,
on 9 March 2000. The Registry marriage was followed by a Hindu temple wedding
on 15 May 2002. The defendant used to work at the State Bank of India before
he came to Singapore, while E was a customer's relations officer of Qantas
Airline, stationed at Changi Airport. The defendant was unable to obtain an
employment pass since coming to Singapore in February 2000 despite repeated
attempts. Contrary to his claim, the plaintiffs discovered that the defendant
was not a degree holder as he did not complete his course in business
administration at the University of Madras. He has never been gainfully
employed in Singapore.

4\. The plaintiffs filed the above proceedings on 5 April 2002. This was
followed by an amended OS filed on 17 April 2002 wherein they prayed inter
alia, for the following reliefs:-

> > (1) the infant be made a ward of court;
>>

>> (2) the plaintiffs herein be appointed the sole guardians of the infant and
that the plaintiffs shall have sole care custody and control of the infant;

>>

>> (3) further or alternatively, that the plaintiffs, L and or M be appointed
sole guardians of the infant and that the plaintiffs, L and or M shall have
sole care, custody and control of the infant;

>

>> (4) the plaintiffs be granted leave to bring the infant with them to
Australia to reside at 5 Doyle Street, Morley, Perth, Western Australia.

5\. On 6 August 2002, I granted orders in terms of prayers 2 and 4 of the
amended OS, made no order for costs, gave the parties liberty to apply and
directed that the infant should not be taken back to Australia for the next
ten (10) days until the defendant's mother had been given access.

6\. The defendant has appealed against my above orders (in Civil Appeal No. 79
of 2002). On 16 August 2002, on an application filed in summons-in-chambers
no. 2995 of 2002 by the defendant, I granted the following orders:-

> > (a) that execution and all proceedings to enforce the terms of the Order
> of Court dated 6 August 2002 be stayed pending outcome of Civil Appeal No.
> 79 of 2002;
>>

>> (b) the plaintiffs be restrained from taking the infant out of Singapore
pending the outcome of the defendant's appeal;

>>

>> (c) the infant's passport be handed over to the plaintiffs' solicitors
pending the outcome of the defendant's appeal;

>>

>> (d) the defendant's mother be given access to the infant in the interim
pending the defendant's appeal;

with prayers (a) to (b) being subject to the defendant expediting his appeal
filed on 15 August 2002. Civil Appeal No. 79 of 2002 has now been fixed for
hearing on 21 October 2002.

_

The facts

_

7\. The proceedings herein arose out of a tragedy. After a quarrel between
them at the matrimonial flat (at Block 12 Pine Close #12-87) on 29 September
2001 (which the defendant claimed was started by E), the defendant stabbed E
in the abdomen from which injuries (and resultant haemorrhaging) she
eventually died. The defendant was originally charged (in Criminal Case No. 10
of 2002) with murder. Subsequently, the charge was amended to manslaughter
under s 304(a) of the Penal Code Cap 224 to which the defendant pleaded
guilty. He was sentenced on 13 March 2002 to 10 years' imprisonment (backdated
to 20 September 2001) and 15 strokes of the cane. He is presently serving his
sentence and is tentatively scheduled to be released on 3 June 2008 (on the
assumption there is  remission of his sentence for good behaviour).

8\. Not only did the plaintiffs file a lengthy first affidavit for their
application but supporting affidavits were also filed by relatives which
included their two (2) daughters, the wives of E's paternal uncles (2), a
paternal aunt and even by the staff nurse (N) on duty at the emergency
department of Tan Tock Seng Hospital where E was taken to on 29 September 2001
after she was stabbed, and where she eventually succumbed to her injuries.

9\. The affidavits filed by and on the plaintiffs' behalf detailed how the
defendant and Ea met, her family's reservations of their relationship, the
events surrounding the parties' Registry marriage and subsequent Hindu
ceremonial wedding, the defendant's short temper and quarrelsome nature and
narrated incidents witnessed by the deponents, where the defendant's
propensity to violence manifested, in particular in assaults on E. The
affidavits of the relatives concluded that the plaintiffs would be the best
persons to have custody of the infant.

10\. The defendant's mother as well as the defendant filed affidavits to
oppose the plaintiffs' application. The defendant objected to the plaintiffs
having custody of the infant on the basis that it would mean the (permanent)
loss to him of the child as the plaintiffs had deposed in their affidavits
that they intended to take the infant to and make him a permanent resident of,
Australia; the plaintiffs well knew it was beyond the defendant's means to
commence proceedings in Australia for the return of the infant years later.
The defendant pointed out that the plaintiffs as the infant's grandparents are
_'aging_ ' (he surmised they were probably in their 60s) and their alternative
prayer 3 (that their two (2) daughters be appointed the infant's guardians and
custodian of the infant) showed that they had no confidence of taking care of
the infant themselves in the future. The defendant alleged that since the
birth of the infant, the plaintiffs and other residents at No. 10B Jubilee
Road had denied him quality/any time with his son. Indeed, they kept him away
from the infant (to the extent that the plaintiffs took the infant away to
Australia to live without his consent) and there was friction between the
family members of E and him which worsened after the infant's birth.

11\. The defendant did not deny the allegations made by E's family members of
disputes between himself and her but dismissed them as minor tiffs which took
place between husband and wife _'just like any other couple'_ and alleged that
the tiffs were made worse when the family members interfered. He accused the
deponents of painting a picture of him as temperamental while on the other
hand they had been very kind and accommodative towards him and alleged it was
their interference which led to his present state, not to mention disparaging
his mother to whom they had once turned to, when they had problems and needed
help. The defendant described the allegations regarding his demeanour and
behaviour as totally unsubstantiated and malicious lies.

12\. The defendant wanted his mother to have interim custody of the infant
until his release from prison, describing himself as _'the father who is
temporarily separated from [the infant]_. He said he/his mother are not
paupers and have income which would enable them to give the infant a decent
upbringing. At the very least, his mother would take the trouble to bring his
son to see him while he was in prison.

13\. In her affidavit, the defendant's mother deposed that her husband had
left her (apparently for another woman for whom he converted to a Muslim) with
three (3) children when the defendant was only five (5) years old. She had
raised her children single handedly thereafter and brought them up well.
Whilst admitting that her son had done wrong (and for which he was being
punished), the defendant's mother deposed that she saw no reason why her
grandson ought to be punished by being deprived of his father for the rest of
the infant's life. She added that if Ea's family had been kind and humane, the
tragic event which took place could have been averted.

14\. The defendant's mother pointed out that the plaintiffs wanted to take the
infant to Australia even though he is a Singapore citizen by birth; she
questioned why the infant should be deprived of his citizenship rights.
However, she admitted that she herself intended to raise the infant in India
but gave her assurance that the infant's Singapore citizenship would not
thereby be jeopardized and, that upon his release from jail, the defendant
would also maintain the infant's Singapore citizenship. She described herself
as not poor by the standards of living in India (due to her rental income) and
with her simple lifestyle, her needs were modest. Consequently, every cent of
her income would be applied to the well being of the infant.

15\. Unbeknownst to the plaintiffs, the defendant's mother and the defendant
had separately filed Originating Summons 650089 of 2002 (the second OS) on 11
April 2002, a week after these proceedings were commenced. The present
plaintiffs were named the defendants in the second OS wherein the defendant
and the defendant's mother applied for joint custody of the infant. I would
point out that the second OS should have been consolidated with this OS or at
least, dealt with at one and the same time. However, this was not done by
either side even though

> > (i) the defendant and the plaintiffs were represented by the same firms of
> solicitors in both proceedings;
>>

>> (ii) the defendant's solicitors entered an appearance to this OS on 15
April 2002;

>>

>> (iii) the plaintiffs' solicitors entered an appearance to the second OS on
30 April 2002 and

>>

>> (iv) the first hearing for this OS was on 8 May 2002 followed by a second
and final hearing on 6 August 2002.

It was a highly unsatisfactory situation with the result that when the second
OS was brought to my notice and eventually fixed before me for hearing on 5
September 2002, I had no alternative but to dismiss it, in view of the orders
I had already made in these proceedings.

16\. In the second OS, the defendant's mother had filed an affidavit in which
she deposed she had a rental income of rupees 12,000 (S$434-$456) from her
home in India; there was no mention of her income of rupees 30,000 from two
(2) other properties although she did depose there was additional income
derived from her son's own properties. In that affidavit, the defendant's
mother alleged that from the date of his arrest to the date of his conviction
and subsequent incarceration, neither the second plaintiff nor any of her
family members had shown the infant to the defendant. Further, attempts she
made through intermediaries (one of whom was her 'disciple' O according to the
second plaintiff's second affidavit) to be allowed to see the infant were
rebuffed by the second plaintiff.

17\. The affidavit which the defendant filed in these proceedings was
essentially a rehash of the earlier affidavit he had filed in the second OS;
there was nothing new save that in his affidavit for the second OS, the
defendant deposed that his married sister who lives in Tamil Nadu would help
him to take care of the infant. However, unlike the plaintiffs whose daughters
affirmed on affidavit their willingness to take care of the infant if the
court should choose to appoint them guardians, neither the defendant's sister
nor his brother filed any affidavits in his support. One other additional fact
which the defendant deposed to (see para 19) in his affidavit for the second
OS was that as a Hindu, he wanted the infant to be brought up by his mother in
Indian cultures and traditions. He did not wish the infant to be taken away to
Australia and be brought up in a westernised environment.

_

The decision

_

18\. In the light of the allegations and cross allegations raised in the
affidavits by both sides, I informed counsel for the parties that I would be
directing the social welfare authorities to investigate into the backgrounds
of both parties to help me in my determination. After the social welfare
report was ready, the hearing was then restored before me on 6 August 2002,
when I made the orders in favour of the plaintiffs.

19\. Social welfare reports made at the court's behest are confidential and
the findings are never revealed to parties so as to maintain the impartiality
and independence of the investigators/department. Consequently, I cannot/will
not reveal the findings of the report made for this case. However, what I can
say and which is in any event known to the parties is, that both plaintiffs as
well as the defendant's mother were interviewed for the report and, visits
were made by welfare officers to No. 10B Jubilee Road and the St George's Lane
flat of J.

20\. I awarded custody to the plaintiffs after perusing the social welfare
report and taking into consideration s 3 of the Guardianship of Infants Act
Cap 122 (the Act) which states:

> > Where in any proceedings before any court the custody or upbringing of an
> infant or the administration of any property belonging to or held in trust
> for an infant or the application of the income thereof is in question, **the
> court, in deciding that question, shall regard the welfare of the infant as
> the first and paramount consideration** and save in so far as such welfare
> otherwise requires the father of an infant shall not be deemed to have any
> right superior to that of the mother in respect of such custody,
> administration or application nor shall the mother be deemed to have any
> claim superior to that of the father.

The highlighted portion of section 3 places the emphasis on the infant's
welfare as the main consideration in custody proceedings.

21\. I noted from the plaintiffs' lengthy first affidavit that they had taken
care of the infant almost continuously since 6 December 2000, three (3) days
after his birth. E left the infant with the plaintiffs at Perth after she
visited them in May 2001 and the infant only returned Singapore when the
plaintiffs brought him back for the housewarming ceremony of E's matrimonial
flat on 26 September 2001. Indeed, the infant was so attached to them that
when the plaintiffs left him with E and the defendant for a visit to Malaysia
between 17-24 September 2001, E telephoned them to return immediately as the
infant cried often, looked for them, she had to work and the defendant was
unwilling/unable to look after the infant notwithstanding he was unemployed.
Thereafter, due to her untimely death three (3) days later, they have (by
default) become the infant's sole caregivers albeit with help from loving
relatives of their extended family; there is no question that the plaintiffs
are totally devoted to the infant. The plaintiffs deposed they bore the
expenses of the infant's upkeep when he was in their care and when she was
alive, they settled E's debts and the recurrent outgoings of her matrimonial
flat. Even if they did not look down on him (as the defendant alleged), it was
clear from all the affidavits filed by or on the plaintiffs' behalf, that the
defendant as an in-law, did not meet with the approval of either the
plaintiffs or their relatives or their extended family.

22\. I should also point out that in their and in the supporting affidavits,
the plaintiffs (and other deponents) dwelt unnecessarily on the background of
the marriage of E to the defendant, his behaviour and ill-treatment of E (even
when she was pregnant), why the couple was a mismatch and what happened on the
day she died. Without meaning any disrespect, dredging up the past will not
bring E back to life, nor ease the plaintiff's pain of her loss nor is it
relevant for purposes of the present proceedings, save for the defendant's
disposition,

23\. What was relevant was/is the stable relationships and close-knit
immediate family of the plaintiffs as well as their extended family and the
physical and emotional support they offered one another, both in Singapore and
in Perth. I compared the plaintiffs' situation with the defendant's. Being
incarcerated until at least June 2008, he was in no position to exert any
rights to custody as the natural father of the infant. Further, I was
concerned by the fact that the defendant did have a propensity to violence and
that the infant may one day be on the receiving end of that violence. A
secondary consideration which I found worrying was his lack of remorse for
stabbing E to death, albeit unintentionally. If he/his mother were to have
custody/guardianship of the infant, what would he tell the boy when the infant
was old enough to realise and asked, why he did not have a mother like other
children. Would the defendant explain or be able to explain to the infant how
his mother met her demise and would the child be able to come to terms with
the tragedy? My misgivings are based on the following paragraphs in the trial
judge's grounds of decision in Criminal Case no. 10 of 2002:-

> > 29\. Even if all the things he alleges about the treatment he received
> from the deceased and her family are true, do they justify or mitigate his
> conduct on 29 Sep 2001 in the new matrimonial home? By then, he had already
> left 10B Jubilee Road some time ago. He and his wife had a place of their
> own to call home. The fact that his wife wanted to go alone to Serangoon
> Road to meet her mother was no great import and would certainly not cause a
> man to fly into an implacable rage unless he is an extremely unreasonable
> and suspicious sort of person and it is quite apparent from the events of
> that day that the Accused is indeed such a person.
>>

>> 30\. Even if it were true that his wife had taken the knives from the
kitchen, she

>>

>> was not threatening to harm him with the knives in any way. The statement
of facts and even the Accusedâ€™s statement to the psychiatrist show that all
the wife wanted to do was to get her clothes and leave the flat. She was
clearly not about to stab or slash him or herself. There was no reason at all
for any fierce struggle to take place unless the Accused was the aggressor.

>>

>> 31\. How could a man who, a few moments earlier, stood submissively clad in
a towel while his wife clawed ferociously at his unprotected flesh suddenly
become so overcome by anger and rage over a cut inflicted unintentionally in
the course of a struggle precipitated by himself that he would wrest the knife
away and plunge it twice into his wifeâ€™s abdomen? Why would a man determined
to thwart any attempt at suicide stab his wife not once but twice in such a
violent manner? The chain of events points to the Accused being the aggressor
on 29 Sep 2001.

>>

>> 32\. I am also not convinced that he experienced â€˜intense remorseâ€™ after
the stabbing. He was more fearful and anxious about the consequences of his
actions than he was remorseful. This is shown by the fact that he maintained
that his wife had stabbed herself until confronted with the forensic report
the next day.

24\. So the question really was, should the maternal grandparents or his
paternal grandmother be the infant's guardians? I decided that it should be
the plaintiffs as I was certain they could offer the infant a better life (in
all aspects) than the defendant's mother.

25\. In contrast to the plaintiffs (the second plaintiff has operated a school
in Perth for almost 20 years teaching classical Indian dancing and music while
the first plaintiff is a classical musician who plays the 'tabla' and 'sitar'
instruments), the defendant's mother can only be said to have an unorthodox
vocation, whether one describes it as religious teaching, fortune telling or
soothsaying. I cannot imagine that she can offer a better environment to the
infant during his tender years than the plaintiffs; indeed it would be the
opposite. As she and her disciples had deposed to in their affidavits, she
visits Singapore and Malaysia often. What would happen to the infant during
those frequent visits? Would she bring him along on her trips or would she
leave him behind in India? If the latter scenario is to be the case, who would
be taking care of the infant during her absence? It was not possible for our
social welfare authorities to extend their inquiries and investigations to
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, where the defendant's mother (and his two [2] siblings
live). I have no inkling what her living conditions in India are like. Indeed,
no information was forthcoming from the defendant or his mother in that
respect. If, as the defendant's mother deposed in her affidavit, she rents out
her property in India, where does she live? In the interests of the infant, I
could not take a risk and allow the defendant's mother to raise the infant in
conditions unknown.

26\. Granted that the first and second plaintiffs are 62 and 56 years old
respectively, whereas the defendant's mother is relatively younger at 46 years
of age. Are the plaintiffs' older ages relevant to the issue of the infant's
guardianship as the defendant had asserted in his affidavit? If that factor
was taken in isolation I would agree but in this case, there were other
considerations which compensated for that disadvantage as it were, namely, the
support from and the closeness of the extended family which the plaintiffs
had/have, both in Perth and in Singapore, which was sorely lacking on the
defendant's side of the family. It is not possible for any court to look that
far ahead and predict what would happen to the infant when the plaintiffs
enter the twilight years of their lives; one can only determine what is best
for the infant under current conditions and in the near future.

27\. Finally, I did consider but dismissed, the defendant's objections that he
did not want the infant to be brought up in a westernised environment (Perth).
The plaintiffs were very much involved on a regular if not daily basis, with
classical Indian music, dancing and instruments. What could be more
traditional than those activities? They, their immediate and extended families
came across as traditional Indians, as reflected in the fact that the
defendant and E underwent a Hindu temple ceremony after the Registry wedding.
The defendant's objections were totally baseless. Being resident in a western
country does not mean that a person automatically loses his culture and
traditions, it all depends on an individual's personal beliefs.

28\. Every case on custody/guardianship turns on its own facts. I decided that
the facts in this case warranted that the plaintiffs, not the defendant or his
mother, should have guardianship of the infant and raise him in Perth, bearing
in mind the considerations set out in s 3 of the Act.

Sgd:

LAI SIU CHIU

JUDGE

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Sep 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

