Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Ram Ghanshamdas Mahtani & Another  
[2002] SGHC 288

Case Number | : | Show Cause No 1 & 2 of 2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 December 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  David Chew Siong Tai (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the petitioner; Chandra Mohan K Nair (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the bailors   
Parties | : | —  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Bail – Bail pending appeal – Failure of
accused to attend hearing of appeal – Show cause hearing on why entire bail
should not be forfeited – Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) s
361(4)  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

Ramesh Shivandas Kripalani was convicted of four charges of employing
immigration offenders under s 57(1)(e) of the Immigration Act on 6 May 2002
and sentenced to a total of 20 months’ imprisonment by district judge Mavis
Chionh. He filed a Notice of Appeal and applied for leave to travel out of
jurisdiction for business purposes. The district judge granted his application
and set the amount of bail at $32,000. Due to health reasons, the appellant
was unable to travel and on 8 August 2002, he applied for an extension of
leave to travel out of jurisdiction. The district judge granted the appellant
leave to travel to the United States of America, India, Indonesia, Thailand,
Philippines and Russia between 8 and 31 August 2002. The appellant
subsequently left for Bangkok, Thailand and had not returned since. He did not
attend the hearing of his appeal on 15 October 2002.

2 The bail set at $32,000 was furnished by two bailors. The bailor, in respect
of Show Cause No 1, is the appellant’s brother-in-law, Ram Ghanshamdas Mahtani
("Ram Mahtani"), who put up a cash bail of $20,000. The remaining $12,000 was
provided by the appellant’s wife, Kripalani Sangeeta Ramesh ("Kripalani"), the
bailor in Show Cause No 2. As the two show cause proceedings related to the
same appellant, I directed them to be heard together.

3 Sometime in August 2002, the appellant informed Ram Mahtani, that he was
going to Bangkok to collect some monies from his clients there and that he
would return by 31 August 2002. While the appellant was abroad, Kripalani
spoke to him on the phone on 26 August 2002 and asked him "how things are
going on". The appellant told her that things were going on well and that he
would return to Singapore as planned on 30 August 2002, as he had to submit
his passport to the Investigating Officer on 31 August 2002. Thereafter, his
mobile phone was switched off and there were no other communications with him.
Ram Mahtani made a police report at the Neighbourhood Police Post in Marine
Parade on 22 September 2002. In the police report, he stated that he contacted
the appellant’s family in Singapore but was informed that the appellant had
not contacted them either.

4 It has often been emphasized by the courts that the obligation which comes
with standing bail for an accused is not merely a moral one, but has serious
legal consequences attached with it. The bailor undertakes real risks, when an
accused fails to surrender to his bail. In _R v Knightsbridge Crown Court, ex
parte Newton_[1980] Crim LR 715 _,_ Donaldson LJ averred this statement of
principle :

> > It has been said by this court, and by other courts time and again, that
> entering into suretyship (going bail for someone, to use the common phrase)
> is an extremely serious matter not to be lightly undertaken, and those who
> go bail must understand that, if the accused fails to surrender to his bail,
> it is only in the _most exceptional cases_ that the court will be prepared
> to modify the _prima facie position,_ which is that the amount for which the
> person concerned has stood surety will be _forfeit in full.._ (emphasis
> added)

5 The above passage was referred to by Karthigesu J (as he then was) in _Loh
Kim Chiang v Public Prosecutor_[1992] 2 SLR 233, where he discussed
extensively the principles relating to forfeiture of bail. In that case, he
had also referred to a passage from the judgment of Lord Denning MR in _R v
Southampton Justices, ex p Green_[1975] 2 All ER 1073, at pp 1077-78 :

> > By what principles are the justices to be guided? They ought, I think, to
> consider to what extent the surety was at fault. If he or she connived at
> the disappearance of the accused man, or aided it or abetted it, it would be
> proper to forfeit the whole of the sum. If he or she was wanting in due
> diligence to secure his appearance, it might be proper to forfeit the whole
> or a substantial part of it, depending on the degree of fault. If he or she
> was guilty of no want of due diligence and used every effort to secure the
> appearance of the accused man, it might be proper to remit it entirely.

6 To what extent were the bailors in this case at fault? In my view, both the
bailors had failed completely to show that they had exercised due diligence to
ensure that the appellant turn up for the hearing of his appeal. In this
instance, they knew that the appellant had his passport returned and that he
would be leaving the country on business trips. Kripalani had done nothing
more than to call the appellant while he was abroad to ask how things were
going. She stated that she believed that the appellant’s love for her and the
family would ensure his attendance in court. She never imagined that the
appellant would abandon her to face the consequences of his not surrendering
to his bail. As for Ram Mahtani, no steps were taken to obtain a contact
number overseas and to call the appellant to remind him to return in time for
the court hearing. Both the bailors had trusted the appellant absolutely that
he would return to Singapore to attend the hearing. However, merely relying on
faith alone that the appellant would return, without doing anything more, was
not sufficient to discharge their onerous duty as bailors, of ensuring that
the appellant would be in attendance in court.

7 Furthermore, the bailors had not satisfied me that they had expended every
effort to search for the appellant, when he did not return on the specified
date. All that Ram Mahtani had done to search for the appellant was to contact
the appellant’s family in Singapore. As for the police report which he lodged
on 22 September 2002 on the ‘disappearance’ of the appellant, it was stated to
be made for record purposes only. In any event, it was not thought that, when
an accused on bail went missing, the mere making of a police report would be
sufficient to excuse the bailor. Otherwise, the bailor would be able to escape
from the obligation that he had entered into by simply saying to the court "I
am sorry that the accused cannot be found but I have already made a report to
the police and hopefully they will be able to trace his whereabouts". This
could not be right. In the circumstances, I agreed with the prosecution that
the bailors had not shown sufficient cause as to why the entire amount of the
bail should not be forfeited.

8 Counsel for the bailors urged me to exercise my discretion to remit the
whole or a part of the bail under s 361(4) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68). It was argued that Ram Mahtani is already 65 years old and close to
retirement, albeit being currently employed as a company director of Kaamina
Pte Ltd. The bail amount of $20,000 was said to have come from his savings,
which were to be used for his retirement. As for Kripalani, she is 53 years
old and had just recently found employment as a telesurveyor. It was alleged
that she was plagued by cancer and that she would need the money for medical
treatment. However, it appeared that she had actually undergone surgery and
completed a course of chemotherapy in 1999. Two receipts from the National
Cancer Centre dated 1 July 2002 were produced and the payments were for a
mammogram and for consultation charges respectively, suggesting a common
routine check-up. There was no other evidence, in the form of medical reports,
which showed that she was still suffering from cancer.

9 I applied my mind to the means of the bailors. At the same time, I agreed
with and adopted the observations of Lord Widgery CJ in _R v Southampton
Justices, ex p Corker_(1976) 120 SJ 214 __ :

> > _

The surety has undertaken a recognizance for a certain sum of money, and

_ _prima facie he can and intends to pay it._ If he wants to say he cannot
afford it, or that it is not fair that he should pay it, he ought to make the
running. It is he who should set the scene……It would defeat the whole system
of bail, I think, if it became generally known that the amount payable was
strictly limited according to the surety’s means and that anybody who had no
means would not have to pay. Imagine the relish and speed with which persons
would accept the obligation of surety if they were penniless and knew that
that was a total answer to any kind of obligation on the recognizance. The
real pull of bail, the real effective force that it exerts, is that it may
cause the offender to attend his trial rather than subject his nearest and
dearest who has gone surety for him to undue pain and discomfort. But be that
as it may, it cannot be the law, I venture to think, that a surety can escape
entirely by saying that he was not culpable and was penniless. These are
matters which he should have some regard to before he enters into his
recognizance, and it must in turn be the subject of regard when the question
of forfeiture arises.(emphasis added)

10 Taking into account all the circumstances, I was of the view that this was
not an exceptional case for the court to modify the _prima facie_ position and
exercise its discretion to remit the whole or part of the bail. As such, I
ordered the entire amount of $20,000 and $12,000, in respect of Ram Mahtani
and Kripalani respectively, to be forfeited.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW

Chief Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Dec 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

