Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Zhang Wan Bo v Poh Kay Leong and Another  
[2002] SGHC 274

Case Number | : | Suit 1442/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 November 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Srinivasan (Hoh & Partners) for the plaintiff; Peter Madhavan and Subramanian (Madhavan Partnership) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Zhang Wan Bo — Poh Kay Leong; Poh Choon Ann (Pte) Ltd   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

**

Introduction**

1\. On 19 August 2001, the plaintiff, his wife, and two friends, arrived in
Singapore on holiday. That evening, they went to Circular Road for dinner. As
they were walking along the road looking for a restaurant, the plaintiff was
knocked down by a car driven by the first defendant. The impact was slight but
resulted in a cervical whiplash which caused the plaintiff to become
paralysed.

2\. The plaintiff commenced this action for damages against the first
defendant as the driver of the car and the second defendants as the employers
of the first defendant and the owners of the car. At the trial, he withdrew
the action against the second defendants as it was clear that at the time of
the accident, the first defendant was not acting in the course of his
employment.

3\. The plaintiff asserted in the statement of claim that the first defendant
had been negligent by failing to have regard for the presence of plaintiff on
the road when he reversed his car towards a parking lot along the road and
thus hitting the plaintiff. In the defence, it was first denied that the first
defendant’s vehicle had collided with the plaintiff. The defence then went on
to assert that the accident was caused and/or contributed to by the negligence
of the plaintiff. There was a long list of particulars. These included failing
to have regard for the car driven by the first defendant, failing to keep any
proper lookout for this vehicle, failing to exercise due care to avoid the
same and further attempting to walk or stand in the path of the vehicle when
it was unsafe to do so.

4\. The first defendant was charged under s 65 of the Road Traffic Act with
having driven motor car Q8P on a road without due care and attention for other
road users, to wit by failing to exercise care when he was reversing the
vehicle and thus colliding with the plaintiff. The first defendant claimed
trial and after a hearing lasting two days, he was found guilty of the charge
on 12 August 2002. After this decision, the plaintiff amended the reply in
this action and pleaded that, by reason of the conviction, the first defendant
was estopped from denying that the car driven by him had collided into the
plaintiff.

5\. The trial of this action commenced on 22 August 2002\. The plaintiff, his
wife, Madam Wu Bao Yan, his friend, Mr Zhang Qi, and the first defendant, Mr
Poh Kay Leong, gave evidence. The affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Mr Teo
Liak Hoo, a licensed appraiser, was admitted by consent without the necessity
for Mr Teo’s attendance in court.

6\. At the end of the trial, I gave judgment in favour of the plaintiff. I
found the first defendant solely to blame for the accident. He has appealed.

**

The evidence

** _

(i) The plaintiff

_

7\. In his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the plaintiff stated that at about
9pm on the evening in question, he and his wife and friends took a taxi to
Circular Road to have dinner. After alighting from the taxi, they walked along
Circular Road to look for a Chinese restaurant. The plaintiff was walking with
his wife. When they saw a car driven by the first defendant coming towards
them, he and his wife walked to the side of the road to avoid the car. The
plaintiff continued to walk along with his wife on his right, abreast of him,
but about half a step in front of him. He then felt a hit on his left leg and
fell forward. The car that had passed by had suddenly reversed, apparently to
park in an empty car park lot alongside where the plaintiff and his wife were
walking. After falling down, the plaintiff slowly lost consciousness and when
he woke up he was already in the Accident and Emergency Department of
Singapore General Hospital.

8\. Under cross-examination, the plaintiff agreed that he and his friends were
visiting Singapore for the first time. After they disembarked from the taxi at
Circular Road, they walked along the road itself. He said he did not know
whether Circular Road was a one way street. He and his wife were walking
abreast of each other and as they walked they looked to either side of the
road to look for a restaurant for their meal. The plaintiff was asked whether
when they were walking along Circular Road, he, his wife and their friends
were occupying about half the road. His reply was that he was crossing the
road and there were cars from all sides. Subsequently, he was asked whether he
agreed that when he was walking abreast of his wife he was occupying almost
half the width of the road. He disagreed and said that it was a narrow street
and he was crossing the road diagonally.

9\. As far as the plaintiff could remember he was walking against the flow of
traffic and had crossed the road from right to left. He was asked whether the
accident occurred immediately after he crossed the road and reached the left-
hand side. He said no and that after crossing he continued to walk against the
flow of traffic and abreast of his wife. His wife was on his right-hand side
and there were cars parked on his left-hand side. He remembered a car coming
from the front which he managed to avoid. He was asked whether by this car he
meant the car driven by the first defendant. His reply was he did not know. He
also said that he did not notice the presence of the first defendant’s car
immediately prior to his falling down onto the road. After the accident, his
wife told him that he had been knocked down by a BMW but he did not see the
first defendant. The first time he saw the first defendant was in court.

10\. The plaintiff said that whilst he was walking along Circular Road he was
not aware that vehicles would be manoeuvring into and out of parking lots on
either side of the road. When asked whether it occurred to him that it would
be safer to walk along the five foot ways alongside the road, he replied that
what he had in mind was that he needed to cross the road to look for a
restaurant. He agreed that he was not familiar with the traffic rules in
Singapore but did not agree that it would unsafe for him to walk on the road
itself. He did not accept that having to look out for a restaurant while
walking along the road compromised his ability to keep a proper lookout for
vehicular traffic along the road.

11\. In re-examination, the plaintiff said that he had moved to the left side
of Circular Road when he saw a car coming towards him. After that he was
walking straight along the road on the left-hand side. Subsequently the
plaintiff’s evidence was inconsistent with this stand. He was asked by his
lawyer to explain how he was making sure that he was not endangering himself
while walking along the road after he moved to the left side of the road. The
plaintiff’s reply was not quite apposite to the question. He said: ‘When we
were walking along the road and saw this car coming along the road, we managed
to avoid this car before we crossed to the other side of the road. As there
was a parking lot on the left side of the road, we walked towards that lot.’
Then when asked whether he was walking into the lot or straight into the road
his reply was that he was walking into the lot.

_

(ii) Madam Wu Bao Yan

_

12\. Madam Wu’s account of the incident in her affidavit was very similar to
that in the plaintiff’s affidavit. She said that the plaintiff was walking
beside her along Circular Road and their friends were a few metres behind
them. When she and the plaintiff saw a car coming towards them, they walked
towards the side of the road to avoid the car. The car passed by them. Madam
Wu was walking abreast of the plaintiff but about half a step ahead of him.
They walked for a further four or five steps and then the plaintiff suddenly
fell forward. Madam turned around and saw the boot of a car less than a metre
away from them. The car was in a slanted position as if it were about to park
in the empty lot next to them.

13\. In cross-examination, Madam Wu was asked whether she agreed that because
she and her husband were walking abreast of each other, they were occupying
half the width of the road. She disagreed and stated that in fact they were
walking quite near to the side of the road. She did not know that there was a
path for pedestrians alongside the road. She thought that the road was a road
for both pedestrians and vehicles. She was then asked whether at first she was
on the right-hand side of the road and at some time later had crossed the
road. The reply was a firm no. Madam Wu stated that they did not cross the
road before the accident.

14\. Madam Wu was next asked whether just before the accident she was walking
on the right hand side of the road facing the oncoming traffic or whether she
was on the left-hand side. Her reply was that she was on the right hand side
of the road. She was then asked whether while walking on the right hand side
of the road she had looked to the rear for traffic. She said no. The next
question was whether just before the accident she had crossed the road
diagonally from the right to the left. Again she answered no.

15\. I then asked her whether looking towards the front the accident had
happened on the right hand side of the road or the left hand side. Her reply
was she could not remember. I then asked where her husband was. She replied
that he was on her left and he was walking nearer to the parked cars. Madam Wu
was then shown a photograph of Circular Road and asked to point out the side
of the road she was on with reference to the oncoming vehicle shown in the
photograph. After seeing the photograph, she stated that they were on the
left-hand side of the road and agreed that the confusion in her evidence as to
the side of the road they were walking on was because she did not know the
direction of the flow of the traffic.

16\. Madam Wu was informed that her husband’s evidence was that just before
the accident occurred, a car had passed both of them and she and her husband
had then crossed the road diagonally towards a vacant parking lot on the left
hand side. Her reply was that it was not true and that since that accident,
the plaintiff’s memory had failed him. She said that all times she was on the
same side of the road and did not cross the road at any time. Their two
friends, however, were walking behind them on the other side of the road.

17\. The first defendant’s car passed Madam Wu at the time when she was a few
steps away from the vacant car park lot. The car did not stop alongside her
but she did not notice whether after it passed her it had passed her
completely. When the car passed, she continued to walk straight and at this
juncture the car reversed and knocked down her husband. She did not see the
first defendant’s car knock down her husband. She only saw him fall forward
but she was certain that the car knocked him down because after the plaintiff
had fallen she turned around and saw the car.

_

(iii) Mr Zhang Qi

_

18\. Mr Zhang Qi stated that just before the accident he was walking with the
fourth member of the party, Madam Jie, about ten metres behind the plaintiff
and Madam Wu. The plaintiff turned and called out to him to hurry up. Mr Zhang
moved forward and then saw a car driven by the first defendant coming towards
the plaintiff and his wife. The plaintiff and Madam Wu walked to the left side
of the road to avoid the car. The car passed them and then stopped and
suddenly reversed to where the plaintiff was walking and knocked into the
plaintiff causing him to fall forward.

19\. Under cross-examination, Mr Zhang maintained that he and Madam Jie were
walking along the right hand side of the road and that the plaintiff and his
wife were walking on the left-hand side of the road. He was asked when they
started walking on the road whether there was an occasion when the plaintiff
and Madam Wu crossed from the right hand side to left hand side. His reply was
that as far as he could remember, they did not cross the road. When he first
noticed the first defendant’s car approaching, the plaintiff and his wife were
between 14 and 15 metres ahead of Mr Zhang. Mr Zhang noticed the car because
its headlights were on. Mr Zhang said at first that the first defendant’s car
passed him and then stopped. Later, he corrected himself and said that the car
did not pass him. Actually it stopped in front of him, about seven or eight
metres ahead of him. He was asked whether the headlights of the car were
glaring at him when the vehicle stopped. At that stage, Mr Zhang said that he
did not really feel it and he thought that the headlight was not on but only a
dim light.

20\. Mr Zhang was asked whether he could see Madam Wu and the plaintiff when
the first defendant’s car stopped. He replied that he could. They had taken
evasive steps to avoid the car and after having done so, they continued to
walk straight. At that time they were behind the car and walking away from it.
After the car stopped, it started to reverse and Mr Zhang saw the car collide
into the plaintiff. Mr Zhang was reminded of a question put to him in the
criminal proceedings relating to what had happened when he first saw the first
defendant’s car. In that court, he had replied: ‘This happened very suddenly.
I did not realise the vehicle knocked someone down. I did not notice this’.
Counsel then said that Mr Zhang was now saying that he had seen the collision
and asked him what the correct version was. Mr Zhang’s reply was that he did
see the collision. In the Subordinate Court, his evidence was that he did not
expect the first defendant’s car to knock down someone. He did witness the
collision and there was no reason for him to say that he did not witness the
collision. It should be noted that Mr Zhang had given testimony in the
Subordinate Court that he saw the instant the car hit the plaintiff and the
plaintiff fell and that this evidence was given during cross-examination after
the portion of the evidence which counsel in this case read to Mr Zhang.

21\. Mr Zhang was also asked whether he agreed that he had not noticed the
relative positions of the plaintiff and his wife just before the impact. Mr
Zhang disagreed. It was pointed out to him that in the earlier proceedings, he
had stated at one portion of his evidence that he did not notice the relative
positions of the plaintiff and his wife. Mr Zhang replied that he believed
there must be a mistake. He remembered that he did tell the court that he
could remember the relative positions before they moved to the left and even
now he clearly remembered their relative positions. In re-examination, Mr
Zhang stated that in the criminal court he had done drawings of the relative
positions of the parties and he agreed that when he said he had given clear
evidence about the relative positions he was referring to questions he had
been asked about these drawings showing the positions of the parties.

_

(iv) The first defendant

_

22\. In his affidavit, the first defendant stated that whilst proceeding to
reverse into a vacant car park lot along Upper Circular Road on the night in
question, he checked on his right to see whether there was sufficient space to
reverse into the lot as there were vehicles occupying the parking lots in
front of and behind the empty lot. After engaging the reverse gear, he
released the brakes and the car was set in reverse motion. After checking on
the right side, he turned to look at the left side and noticed a lady was
waving at him to stop his vehicle. He immediately brought the car to a halt.
He got out of the car and inspected its rear. He noticed the plaintiff was
sitting down behind his bumper. He called the ambulance and remained at the
scene until the plaintiff was conveyed to the hospital.

23\. During cross-examination, the first defendant was asked whether, whilst
he was travelling along Circular Road and before he stopped, he had seen
anyone on his left-hand side walking along the road. He first replied that he
remembered someone walking on the left-hand side, but there was no one on his
right-hand side. He could not remember whether the pedestrian was male or
female, young or old. When I asked him whether there had been just one person,
he replied there might have been two. He then agreed that he was not certain
whether anyone was on his left and could not confirm it. The first defendant
did not recall seeing the plaintiff and Madam Wu before the accident. He did
not see them on the right-hand side though he was sure he would have done so
had they been there as his steering wheel was located on the right- hand side
of his car.

24\. He stated that when he stopped the car he looked into the rear view
mirror to make sure there were no cars and people behind. At that point there
was no one behind him. Thereafter he looked to the right. He looked to the
right for between one and three seconds and then turned to look towards the
back. However as he was looking to the right he released the brake. He was
asked whether it was right to say there were a few seconds in which he was
reversing and had not checked the back. The first defendant replied that that
period could not have been longer than one or two seconds. He was then
reminded that in the subordinate courts he had said that he had looked to his
right for four to five seconds and had engaged his reverse gear from the third
second onwards. Thus for the last one or two seconds of his check to the
right, he had already let go the break and was reversing. After that he
physically turned to the left to look through his rear windscreen and then he
saw the plaintiff’s wife. At that time he did not see the plaintiff.

25\. It was put to the first defendant that he did not see the plaintiff
because he had already knocked him down by the time he turned to look towards
the back. His reply was that he did not know that. It was further put to him
that if he had looked back before reversing he would have avoided the accident
and his reply to that question was "that I would not know too". The first
defendant confirmed that he had been convicted of a charge under section 65 of
the Road Traffic Act and that he was not challenging that conviction.

**

Findings

**

26\. It was clear that the first defendant had been negligent. He had admitted
that his vehicle was already reversing while he was looking towards his right
and that he had not waited to check again in his rear view mirror before
starting to reverse. Further he had been convicted on a charge of driving
without due care and attention for other road users and he had said in
evidence that he was not challenging that conviction.

27\. The issue was whether the plaintiff had also been negligent. This
depended on whether I accepted the story that he and his wife were always on
the left hand side of the road or whether I accepted the submission put
forward on behalf of the first defendant that they had originally been walking
on the right hand side and had crossed to the left hand side just before the
first defendant reversed his car and had thereby walked into his path.

28\. In the proceedings in the criminal court, the plaintiff himself, Madam Wu
and Mr Zhang were very clear in their evidence that the plaintiff and his wife
were already on the left-hand side when the first defendant’s car passed them.
It was not in evidence there that they had crossed the road diagonally. Madam
Wu and Mr Zhang gave straight forward evidence that they, meaning the
plaintiff and Madam Wu, had walked a distance along the left-hand side of the
road before the plaintiff was hit. In the criminal court, this version of
events on the part of all three witnesses was not shaken in cross examination.

29\. Before me, Madam Wu and Mr Zhang repeated the same story. It was only the
plaintiff who changed his evidence. Madam Wu’s explanation was that since the
accident the plaintiff had become forgetful. This could have been one reason
for the change. Another contributing factor could have been that he was
feeling the strain of giving evidence from his stretcher in two separate
courts within the relatively short period of a month. It should also be noted
that even though he said that he had crossed the road, the plaintiff had also
maintained at various points during cross-examination that when the first
defendant’s car passed him he had moved to the left to avoid the car. He would
not have had to do this had he been on the right-hand side at that stage and
only crossed the road after the car had passed. The plaintiff’s account in
this respect was wholly consistent with the version he recounted in the
criminal court and in his affidavit. The later inconsistency in his evidence
when he appeared to indicate that the first defendant’s car had passed him on
his left-hand side was, I think, due to some confusion on his part as the
answer came at random at the end of his re-examination and was not directed
towards the question his counsel had asked him.

30\. I preferred the evidence of Madam Wu and Mr Zhang to that of the
plaintiff on the issue of the plaintiff’s position on the road. They were
coherent and consistent. Neither of them was shaken in cross examination. They
were able to give convincing explanation for the reasons for the minor
discrepancies that arose in the course of their respective cross-examinations.

31\. There was some difficulty with the first defendant’s testimony. He did
not appear willing to accept any part of the responsibility for the accident.
Further his memory of who had been on the road was not good. If the plaintiff
and Madam Wu had been walking along the right hand side of the road in front
of Mr Zhang and Madam Jie, as his counsel wanted me to accept, surely the
first defendant would have had a clear impression of the presence of a number
of people on that side of the road. As the photograph taken by the police
showed, that night there were cars parked along both sides of the road thus
leaving a relatively narrow space for vehicular and pedestrian traffic.
Visibility was, however, good. In such circumstances the first defendant
would, if he had been paying attention to more than the presence of a vacant
parking lot, have noticed the plaintiff and his friends. The fact that he did
not see them at all either on his left (as his counsel alleged they must be)
or two of them on his left and two of them on his right (taking their
positions from Madam Wu’s account) must mean that he was not paying the
necessary attention to the situation on the road and to the presence of other
road users at the time. It also means that at the time he started to reverse
he did not have the presence of other road users in the forefront of his mind
as it should have been.

32\. Counsel for the first defendant submitted that the plaintiff endangered
himself by walking into the path of a car that was attempting to park. If I
had accepted the plaintiff’s revised version of events I would have agreed
with this submission. However, I rejected that version because I was satisfied
on weighing up all the available evidence that that was not what happened. I
found as alleged by Madam Wu and Mr Zhang that the plaintiff and his wife had
been on the left hand side of the road all along and that the first
defendant’s car had passed them, stopped and then reversed thus hitting the
plaintiff. In these circumstances I was not able to hold that the plaintiff
had also been negligent. He had walked along the side of the road and had
moved aside in order to avoid the first defendant’s car and had then proceeded
walking forwards. He was not under any duty to turn to ensure that the first
defendant was not reversing towards him. No doubt the plaintiff would have
been safer if he had walked along the five foot way but since Circular Road is
not an expressway he was not committing an offence by merely walking straight
along the road at the side of the road.

Sgd:

JUDITH PRAKASH

JUDGE

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Nov 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

