Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Mohd Razali bin Mohd  
[2002] SGHC 161

Case Number | : | CC 41/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 July 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leong Kwang Lan and Ng Cheng Thiam (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the prosecution; M Mahendran (Surian & Partners) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Mohd Razali bin Mohd   
  
1\. The accused is MV. He is now 63 years. He faces nine charges in relation
to the same victim B who is his step-daughter.

2\. The victim’s mother is C. C had married the victim’s natural father in
1986. She has two children from this marriage. The victim was born in 1988 and
is the younger of the two children.

3\. C divorced her first husband in or about 1988 and retained custody of the
two children, including the victim.

4\. C remarried in 1990. She bore her second husband two children. However,
this marriage also failed and they were divorced in 1993.

5\. In 1994, C came to know the accused. They were working for different
companies situated in [xxx]. They went to Tanjong Pinang, Indonesia, where
they got married. The "marriage" is not registered in Singapore but she and
the accused behaved as husband and wife. The accused would occasionally stay
with C at her residence at [xxx], Singapore. She bore the accused two sons.

6\. The prosecution proceeded with the 2nd, 8th and 9th charges. The charges
are that the accused:

‘ _2ND CHARGE_

on a second occasion sometime between the 1st day of August 1997 and the 30th
day of September 1997, at or about 8.00 a.m., at [xxx], Singapore, did commit
rape on one B, female/8 years old (D.O.B: 2.9.1988), to wit, by having sexual
intercourse with her without her consent, and you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under section 376(2) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

_8TH CHARGE_

on or about the 29th July 2000, in the morning, at [xxx], Singapore, did
commit rape on one B, female/11 years old (D.O.B: 2.9.1988), to wit, by having
sexual intercourse with her without her consent, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under section 376(2) of the Penal Code,
Chapter 224.

_9TH CHARGE_

on or about the 21st day of November 2001, at or about 4.00 p.m., at [xxx],
Singapore, did commit rape on one B, female/13 years old (D.O.B: 2.9.1988), to
wit, by having sexual intercourse with her without her consent, and you have
thereby committed an offence punishable under section 376(2) of the Penal
Code, Chapter 224.’

7\. Section 376(2) Penal Code states:

‘376(2) Whoever, in order to commit or to facilitate the commission of an
offence of rape against any woman -

(a) voluntarily causes hurt to her or to any other person; or

(b) puts her in fear of death or hurt to herself or any other person,

and whoever commits rape by having sexual intercourse with a woman under 14
years of age without her consent, shall be punished with imprisonment for a
term of not less than 8 years and not more than 20 years and shall also be
punished with caning with not less than 12 strokes.’

8\. The accused pleaded guilty to each of these three charges. He also agreed
to the remaining six charges being taken into account for the purpose of
sentencing. Of these six charges: four charges are also under s 376(2) Penal
Code for similar offences, one charge is for attempted aggravated rape under s
376(2) read with s 511 of the Penal Code, and one charge is for outrage of
modesty under s 354 of the Penal Code.

9\. In mitigation, his Counsel Mr M Mahendran stressed the services the
accused had performed in the [xxx] for about 20 years during which he received
a long service award, a [xxx] medal and award for good conduct.

10\. He also submitted that the accused is not a habitual offender in that
there is no history of offences other than the ones he is charged with. The
accused is the sole breadwinner. The accused has also co-operated with the
police and has pleaded guilty.

11\. Mr Leong Kwang Lan for the prosecution candidly submitted that as the
accused is 63 years of age, he is not liable to be caned in view of s 231 of
the Criminal Procedure Code. Furthermore, the court is not at liberty to
impose any additional term of imprisonment in lieu of caning: _Er Boon Huai &
Anor v PP_ [1991] 1 SLR 232.

12\. However he submitted that the court should take into account all the
factors, including the following:

(a) The age of the victim,

(b) The relationship of stepfather-stepdaughter between the accused and the
victim,

(c) The possibility of long term psychological harm occasioned to the victim.

13\. A medical report dated 6 February 2002 by Dr Parvathy Pathy on the mental
state of the victim was also produced as part of the Statement of Facts. It
revealed that the victim denied feeling angry with the accused for what he had
done but she has flashbacks about the incidents. She cries whenever she
remembers them. The victim is worried for her future and her mother and the
family. Her mother is depressed over the accused’s remand. The victim is also
sad for a younger half-brother who keeps asking for the accused.

**_My Decision_**

14\. I have taken into account the mitigation plea and the factors
specifically mentioned by the prosecution.

15\. I also take into account the period over which the incidents took place
between August 1997 to about 21 November 2001.

16\. The only reason why the accused’s Counsel submitted that he was not a
habitual offender was because the accused had no previous convictions.
However, he had habitually inflicted himself upon the victim over four years
on various occasions at various locations (as revealed in the nine charges)
when he was aware of what he was doing.

17\. As regards the possible long-term effects that the accused’s actions may
have on the victim, there may also be possible feelings of guilt by the
victim, especially if she is blamed by her mother and the rest of the family
for the accused’s incarceration. I hope that they realise that she is not to
blame.

18\. The accused has only himself to blame. He, and only he, must take the
responsibility for his heinous actions. I do not see any reason why his
sentence should be more lenient than others in similar situations.

19\. On the 2nd charge, I sentence the accused to 12 years’ imprisonment. This
sentence is to run from the date of his arrest.

20\. On the 8th charge, I sentence the accused to 12 years’ imprisonment. This
sentence is to run concurrently with the sentence on the 2nd charge.

21\. On the 9th charge, I sentence the accused to 12 years’ imprisonment. This
sentence is to run consecutively after the sentence in relation to the 2nd
charge.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Jul 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

