Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Huang Rong Tai and Another  
[2002] SGHC 218

Case Number | : | CC 34/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 September 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Daniel Koh and Tan Kiat Pheng [Attorney-General's Chambers] for the prosecution; Wong Siew Hong and Eric Chew Yee Teck [Infinitus Law Corporation] for the first accused; Christina Goh [Christina Goh & Co] for the second accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor â€” Huang Rong Tai; A (a minor)   
  
** Judgment **

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

1\. Huang, a 20-year old male ("the first accused") was charged together with
his co-accused, _A_ a 16-year old male ("the second accused"), on two counts
of committing mischief by fire under s 436 of the Penal Code, Ch 224 (read
with s 34). The first charge concerned the setting of fire to a market and
hawker centre at Block 226, Ang Mo Kio Avenue 1 on 8 February 2000, at 2.53am.
The second charge concerned the setting of fire at a market and hawker centre
at Block 341, Ang Mo Kio Avenue 1 on 7 January 2001, at 2.16am.

2\. The two fires took place almost a year apart in 2000 and 2001
respectively. The first accused was arrested on 10 September 2001 and the
second accused was arrested on 20 September 2001. The circumstances of their
arrests can be traced back to an incident on 6 September 2001. At 3am that
morning three police patrol officers Sgt Mohamed Bin Zainol, Cpl. Hairulnizam
Bin Sengari, and Cpl. Juhardi Bin Sa'adon spotted the two accused with a young
girl near Blk 206, Ang Mo Kio Avenue 3. The girl walked away when she saw the
police officers. The two corporals then went to find her while Sgt Mohamed
questioned the two accused and ascertained their identities, although the
first accused did not have his identity card with him at that time. The first
accused told Sgt Mohamed that he was on his way to the flat belonging to the
second accused's grandmother. The flat was at Blk 205 Ang Mo Kio. The two
corporals, having failed to find the girl, returned to join Sgt Mohamed. The
two accused told the officers that they had not been arrested before, but a
screening with the police record showed that the first accused had a previous
record with them.

3\. The officers searched the two accused and found a cigarette lighter on the
first accused but no cigarettes on either of them. The first accused said that
he carried the lighter 'for fun'. A few hours later, at 4.45am the officers
received a police message stating that a motorcycle was on fire at Blk 205,
and began to suspect that the two accused were involved.

4\. The case against the two accused was based entirely on their oral and
written confessions. In respect of the first accused, the prosecution sought
to admit two statements, made on 24 and 25 September 2001 respectively (marked
P9 and P27), as well as two cautioned statements recorded on 24 September
2001, at 1.35pm and 2.31pm respectively (marked P25 and P 26). Lastly, the
prosecution wished to admit a confession made on 27 September 2001 to four
officers of the Civil Defence Force, namely, Capt. Thng Ting Mong, Capt. Azmi
Bin Adam, Capt. Rashid Bin Mohd Noor, and Capt. Lee Fock Seng. The first
accused challenged the admissibility of these confessions on the ground that
they were unlawfully induced from him. A _voir dire_ was held to determine the
admissibility of these confessions. The case for the first accused was that he
was kept in an air-conditioned room and deprived of food, drink or sleep from
the time he was arrested that is, shortly after midnight on 10 September 2001
for 14 hours. He was only asked one question throughout - "Did you set fire to
the motorcycle?". He denied doing so. The evidence sufficiently supports his
allegations. Sgt Murugasvaran admitted that he was interviewing the accused
alone from midnight till 5am, and in the course of which, only one question
was repeatedly put to the first accused. He claimed that the first accused was
allowed rest from 5am to 8am. The accused denied this, and I gave him the
benefit of doubt on this score. However, after considering the evidence and
the submissions of counsel, I admitted the statements. He was, in my view
then, unable to provide a coherent account of the nature of the threat,
inducement, or promise that operated on his mind.

5\. In the case of the second accused, the prosecution sought to admit four
statements namely, two cautioned statements, made on 26 September and 5
October 2001 respectively; and two investigation statements made on 21
September and 2 October 2001 respectively. A _voir dire_ was also necessary
because the admissibility of these statements was challenged. The second
accused was arrested on 20 September and was placed in a small air-conditioned
room. It was disclosed by the prosecution that the room measured about five
feet by seven feet (1.5 x 2 metres). The second accused testified that he was
made to hug a large bag of ice placed on his lap, and his feet were placed in
another bag of ice. He was there for several hours and was constantly shouted
at by the officers. He gave in and made his first statement the next day
because he was told that he would otherwise be brought back to the air-
conditioned room.

6\. In the case of the second accused I was not satisfied that the statements
were made without threat, inducement or promise and gave the second accused
the benefit of doubt. In doing so, it must be remembered that it was not
necessary for me to make any finding of fact, for example, whether he was
indeed made to hug a bag of ice. His first statement was an investigation
statement and that was made the day immediately after the events complained
of. The second accused was sent to the Singapore Boys' Home for detention from
22 September 2001, the day after his first statement. The superintendent of
the Home testified that each time the second accused was brought back after a
visit to the police for questioning he would be physically examined for
injury. Thus, the DPP submitted that the boy had ample opportunities to
complain but did not. Furthermore, he submitted, the examination did not
reveal any signs of frostbite. The prosecution evidence was not sufficiently
satisfactory because the officer who examined the boy did not himself give
evidence. Moreover, the superintendent affirmed that the examination was done
in the presence of a police officer. On the evidence, I am prepared to accept
that it may be that the second accused would not be inclined to trade the
relative comfort of the Home to the small air-conditioned room. In the
circumstances, I ruled that his statements were inadmissible in evidence.

7\. After reading the statements of the first accused, the prosecution called
Dr. Tommy Tan and Prof. Mahendran to testify that in their opinion, the first
accused, although of low I.Q. was nonetheless able to give an account of
events that happened. He also told them that the fires were started by the
second accused. The four captains from the Singapore Civil Defence Force
(SCDF) were called to testify that they (all four of them) interviewed the
first accused in the tiny interview room (Cpt Rashid agreed under cross-
examination that it was about five feet by seven feet) at the police station.
The officers appeared to me to be pleased with the prospect of collating data
from an arsonist for their 'arsonist profile' data-pool that it did not occur
to them that the 'arsonist' had not yet been convicted. They testified that
the first accused told them that he had bought $10 of petrol in a detergent
container which he kept in the void deck of his flat. He had used the petrol
in a way which tallied with the SCDF's investigations.

8\. At the close of the prosecution case, Mr. Wong declined to make any
submission on behalf of the first accused. Miss Goh, however, submitted that
there was no case for the second accused to meet as there were no direct
evidence against her client. I accept that the only evidence against the
second accused was the evidence of the first accused implicating him, but at
that stage, it was not appropriate to weigh the merits or otherwise of that
evidence. Consequently I called upon both accused to enter upon their defence.
They elected to testify.

9\. The evidence of both accused was that they were not the ones who started
the market fires. The first accused explained that he made his statements to
the police because he was too cold and after a while, he "surrendered". He
explained that he had told the doctor that he had voices and feigned a fit
because he was bullied inside prison and wanted to 'escape'. There were some
difficulty expressing this evidence by the accused and I understand him to
mean that he wanted to get away from the prison bullies. It may be that his
attempt was not likely to succeed from the outset, but I am prepared to accept
his explanation. The point is that he thought it could succeed. The first
accused also called evidence to show that he had been a student of the Chao
Yang Special School for the educationally sub-normal. His teacher from that
school, Miss Sharon See Toh also testified and she seemed to remember the
first accused very well. She is presently teaching in the Dyslexia Association
of Singapore. She has a degree in Special Education from the Monash
University, and though she is not a trained psychiatrist, she was experienced
in teaching mentally-handicapped children. She testified that the first
accused had poor language skills although his numeric skills are better. He is
able to count but has problems with concepts. He has difficulty expressing
himself in English and cannot relate events in correct sequence; and had
difficulty understanding the concept of 'before' and 'after'. She agreed under
cross-examination that she taught him when he was 16 years old in 1996, and
that he could have improved since then provided that he continued school or
has someone to coach him at home. The first accused called two other
witnesses, his mother, and Mr. Naidu, the president of the Association For
Persons With Special Needs. Neither witness gave any evidence that was
material one way or the other save that the first accusedâ€™s mother testified
that at the material times the first accused was staying in Bedok, and had not
yet known the second accused.

10\. The strength of the prosecution's case was also its weakness. The only
evidence implicating both accused was the confession of the first accused.
That was the sole pillar of the prosecution case. In some cases, that would
have been sufficient. The law only requires that whatever the evidence
adduced, the court must be satisfied that it had proven the prosecution's case
beyond reasonable doubt. The statements of the first accused were retracted at
trial, but Mr. Koh submitted that his evidence should be disregarded. The
point made was that essentially, the first accused was an unreliable and
untruthful witness. I pause to say that the defence case had consistently been
advanced on the basis that the first accused was indeed an unreliable witness.
There is a reason, which is not sinister, for that, namely, that the first
accused was an educationally sub-normal person whose I.Q. of between 65 and 70
hindered his faculty of expression. This was corroborated to a large extent by
his teacher Miss See Toh. In a case such as this, where the only evidence
against the accused hinges on the reliability of a damning statement, the
evidence of witnesses such as Miss See Toh, who are able to testify as to the
linguistic ability of the first accused, is relevant and must be balanced
against the evidence of the prosecution witnesses who had interviewed the
first accused. In this regard, I see it as the court's duty to weigh the
qualifications and standing of the respective witnesses, the length of time
they had in contact with the accused, the length of time when they first and
last saw the accused, the circumstances and environment in which the contact
was made; and then taking measure of the accused himself in his testimony, and
with that assessment, to consider the statements made by him. A statement that
had been ruled admissible by the court does not, by its admission, attain an
infallible status. At the close of the trial, the court is obliged to review
that evidence and give it such weight as is appropriate.

11\. In carrying out the exercise I mentioned above, it is not necessary to
set out each individual part of the statements. The written and oral
statements of the accused, including his testimony in examination-in-chief and
under cross-examination must be considered, in detail, and as a whole. In so
doing, I am mindful that the first accused had not been entirely consistent,
he had categorically incriminated the second accused and himself in his
statements. Those parts are obviously important, but the issue at hand was
whether notwithstanding the incriminatory statements, the first accused had
raised a reasonable doubt as to the reliability of those statements. In spite
of his low intelligence, the first accused understood most of the questions
put to him by his counsel and those under cross-examination. His answers were
mostly logical and sensible, but manner of expression as well as his demeanour
reveal a young and impressionistic mind. The description of his mental
capability by his former teacher Miss See Toh is consistent with my impression
of him. Miss See Toh's evidence was, technically, an opinion; but it was,
nonetheless, a professional opinion. She was suitably qualified, experienced
and was personally in charge of teaching and assessing the mental capabilities
of the first accused. The evidence that she gave was not in the sole province
of psychiatrists and psychologists. It was, in my view, adequate. It was
rational, appropriate, and credible - and sufficient to raise a reasonable
doubt as to whether the statements were true or faithfully recorded.

12\. Mr. Koh, in his very able submission, reminded me that the statements of
the first accused were admitted after a _voir dire_ and that I ought therefore
find them to be reliable. Furthermore, he submitted that the statements were
made 14 days after the arrest of the first accused and that, therefore, any
threat, inducement or promise would have "evaporated like the petrol
accelerant". Counsel also submitted that the statements were recorded by the
investigating officer against whom no misconduct could be alleged, and also
that the statements were interpreted by Miss Toh Bee Chuan an experienced
police interpreter. These are obviously relevant points that I must take into
account. The doctrine of proof beyond reasonable doubt permits an exoneration
of the accused without implying a condemnation of his accuser or anyone else.

13\. Reverting to the evidence, I find that there are some aspects of the
statements of the first accused that must be regarded with caution. First, it
was not explained how a container of petrol could be kept in the void deck of
an Housing Development Board's flat for over a year without someone else, a
cleaner, for instance, taking it away. The actual spot where it was kept was
not known. Furthermore, some questions that arise naturally from the
statements were not answered. First, why would two young and jobless boys
spend $10 on petrol to use as an accelerant when cheaper alternatives such as
kerosene could more easily and readily be purchased? Secondly, why would the
accused confess to a crime which occurred more than a year ago and without any
other evidence confronting him? Finally, as Mr. Wong pointed out, there was no
corroborative evidence that the first and second accused knew each other
during the times of the two fires. Indeed, the evidence is to the contrary. I
am left with some doubt as to whether this was the duo (if indeed the fires
were cause by a pair of arsonists) who set fire to the two markets.

14\. In respect of the second accused, there was no evidence against him other
than the incriminatory statements of the first accused. In law, if the
statements of the first accused are found to be reliable, they may be used for
the purposes of proving guilt against the second accused. On the specific
facts of present case, however, the charges against the second accused must be
dismissed if those of the first accused are not proved beyond reasonable
doubt. The evidence of the second accused was also not damaged in any way
under cross-examination.

15\. Having regard to all the matters above, I am of the opinion that there is
reasonable doubt as to the reliability of the first accused's statements as
the sole basis for conviction. I, therefore, gave the benefit of that doubt to
the two accused and acquitted them of the charges.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Sep 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

