Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Chin Seng and Others v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGCA 35

Case Number | : | CA 51/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 July 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tong Beng Teck Roland and Wang Shao-Ing ( Wong, Tan & Molly Lim ) for the appellants; K Shanmugam SC and Boey Swee Siang ( Allen & Gledhill ) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Tan Chin Seng — Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Discovery of documents – Criteria of relevancy – Relevancy
dependent on issues pleaded – 'Train of inquiry' concept – Necessity of
showing link between document sought and issues in the action  
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Allegation of fraud – Necessity of pleading
expressly such allegation with particulars  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Evidence as to factual background of
dispute – Whether admissibility of such evidence restricted to circumstances
known to parties at or before time of contract  
  

**Judgment** __ **__**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1 This was an appeal against the decision of the Judge in Chambers allowing
the respondent’s appeal against an order of the Assistant Registrar requiring
the discovery of certain categories of specific documents. After hearing the
parties, the appeal was allowed only in respect of one category of documents.
The others were dismissed. We now give our reasons.

**

The facts

**2 The appellants, ten individuals in all, are taking this action on behalf
of themselves and 4,885 other persons, who are all members of the Raffles Town
Club (the Club), a proprietary Club, seeking reliefs against the respondent-
proprietors, Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd (RTC), on the grounds of
misrepresentation and breach of contract.

3 The hearing of the action is now in progress. The action is based on a
common law prospectus issued by RTC when inviting members of the public to
join the Club. The prospectus comprised the following documents:-

(i) a letter of invitation dated 9 November 1996;

(ii) a brochure;

(iii) a document giving general information in the

form of questions and answers.

4 The prospectus promised "lavish reception and facilities" and that the Club
would be "without peer in terms of size, facilities and sheer opulence". It
also gave, inter alia, the following specific indications as to what members
could expect –

(i) there would be about 600 car parking lots for members;

(ii) the exclusive and limited membership would be fully transferable;

(iii) the total built-up area would be in excess of 400,000 square feet.

5 Potential subscribers were also told that there would be two classes of
membership:-

> (i) a limited number of exclusive transferable founder members at the
> subscription price of $28,000, on a first-come-first serve basis, provided
> the application was made before 30 November 1996. The selection process
> aimed at building up a network of like-minded professionals, executives and
> business people.
>
> (ii) Those not successful under (i), and those who applied after 30 November
> 1996, would have to pay $40,000 and they would be "second class members."

6 From all the foregoing, the plaintiffs alleged that they were made to
understand, and it was represented to them, that the total number of members
at any given time would be limited so that the members and their spouses would
not at any time be shut out from enjoying the facilities of the Club. The
plaintiffs also said that these representations had become terms of the
contract upon the plaintiffs’ applications to becoming founder members being
accepted. The plaintiffs said that these representations turned out to be
false because –

> (i) Nineteen thousand people have become founder members. No invitation was
> issued to the public for the "second class members".
>
> (ii) The facilities of the Club were inadequate to cater to the needs of
> 19,000 members.

7 By reason of the representations which turned out to be untrue, the
plaintiffs asked for a rescission of the contract and the return of the money
paid to become members, or damages for breach of contract.

**

Discovery

**

8 By summons-in-chambers made on 2 April 2002, the plaintiffs applied for an
order for the discovery of nine wide-ranging categories of documents. The
Assistant Registrar, while granting an order for discovery, drastically
narrowed its scope when compared with that prayed for by the plaintiffs.
Discovery was ordered in respect of twelve specific categories of documents.
However, as some of the discovered documents were no longer in contention we
would only set out those which were the subject of the appeal:-

> > 1\. Any one document of a date before 6 November 1996 recording decision
> (whether of the Board of RTC … its directors or its representatives) on the
> number of Raffles Town Club members to be taken in the first offering ending
> 30 November 1996 and for the fee of $28,000.
>>

>> 2\. Any one document of a date before 6 November 1996 recording decision
(whether of the Board of RTC …. its directors or its representatives) on the
number of Raffles Town Club members to be taken in the second offering after
30 November 1996 and for the fee of $40,000.

>>

>> 3\. Any one document of a date after 30 November 1996 but before 31 March
1997 recording (whether by the Board of RTC …. its directors or its
representatives) the number of applications received and determining the
number of applications to be accepted from the applications made in the first
offering ending 30 November 1996 and for the fee of $28,000.

>>

>> 4\. Any one document(s) dated after 1 January 1996 and before 31 September
1997 recording (whether by the Board of RTC …. its directors or its
representatives) the criteria for approving applications in (i) the first
offering ending 30 November 1996 and (ii) the second offering starting 1
December 1996, limited to documents where there is a material change in
position from the previous document in time.

> > 5\. Any one document(s) dated after 1 January 1996 but before 31 September
> 2001 reflecting (whether by the Board of RTC …. its directors or its
> representatives or agents such as architects):- (a)(i) the final building
> plan/design submission to Building Control Authority; and (a)(ii) any
> material amendments to this final submission document thereafter; (b)(i) the
> decision shortly before June 2001 of using S$100,000,000 for additional
> facilities; and (b)(ii) the implementation plan for the use of this
> additional S$100,000,000.

> > 6\. Copies of correspondence (a) from members raising complaints; and, (b)
> the club management’s replies in relation to the inadequacy, and over-
> crowding of the RTC coffee-house, Chinese restaurant, car-park and swimming
> pool for the period March 2000 to July 2001.

> > 7\. Any documents relating to the use of the presidential or executive
> suits of RTC by a non-member person or body corporate in relation in which
> period and for what fee, for the period March 2000 to March 2001.

9 Except in relation to items 6, 8 and 9(a), RTC appealed against the
discovery order made by the Assistant Registrar. Rubin J substantially allowed
the appeal except for item 7, where he required RTC to discover a document or
furnish best particulars of –

(a) the number of members of the Club as at December 1996; and

(b) the number of members of the Club as at 31 March 1997.

Item 5 was not insisted by the plaintiffs as it was not a category of
documents requested by the plaintiffs but was nevertheless ordered by the
Assistant Registrar.

10 In coming to his decision, Rubin J was of the view that the plaintiffs had
not shown the relevance of the requested documents to the plaintiffs’ pleaded
case. Relying on _Thorpe v Chief Constable of the Greater Manchester Police_
[1989] 2 All ER 827 (_Thrope’s case_) he also felt that discovery should not
be ordered if the material was to be used only for the purpose of cross-
examination to establish the credibility of witnesses.

11 Being dissatisfied with the order of Rubin J, the plaintiffs appealed to
this Court seeking basically to substantially restore the discovery order made
by the Assistant Registrar.

**

Documents in issue on appeal

**

12 Before us counsel for the plaintiffs pursued only seven items which Rubin J
did not allow namely, items 1, 2, 3, 4, 9(b), 10 and 11 as listed in 8 above.

**

Law on discovery

**

13 We should mention that the rules governing discovery have undergone some
important changes when they were reformed in 1996\. Not only was the previous
system of mutual discovery by parties after the close of pleadings replaced by
a system of discovery by orders of court, the applicable test is also
different. The previous test, to determine whether documents should be
discovered, was governed by the words "relating to any matter in question
between them in the action" found in the previous O 24 r 2(1). This test was
elucidated in the often quoted judgment of Brett LJ in the celebrated case
_Compagne Financiere Et Commerciale Du Pacifique v Peruvian Guano Co_(1882) 11
QBD 55 at 62-63:-_

_

"… documents to be produced are not confined to those, which would be evidence
either to prove or to disprove any matter in question in the action … The
doctrine seems to me to go farther than that and to go as far as the principle
which I am about to lay down. It seems to me that every document relates to
the matters in question in the action, which not only would be evidence upon
any issue, but also which, it is reasonable to suppose, contains information
which may – not which _must_ – either directly or indirectly enable the party
[requiring discovery] either to advance his own case or to damage the case of
his adversary …

A document can properly be said to contain information which may enable the
party [requiring discovery] to advance his own case or to damage the case of
his adversary; if it is a document which may fairly lead him to a train of
inquiry, which may have either of these two consequences."

14 So documents which were indirectly relevant by reason of their potential to
set-off "a train of inquiry" resulting in the discovery of evidence of direct
relevance were discoverable. But this somewhat open-ended criteria often gave
rise to difficulties in application to particular circumstances, abuses or
fishing. It also gave rise to a trend of discovering huge volumes of
insignificant documents.

15 The criteria adopted by the new Rules are more specific. They are set out
in O 24 r 1(2):-

> (2) The documents which a party to a cause or matter may be ordered to
> discover under paragraph (1) are as follows:

(a) the documents on which the party relies or will rely; and,

(b) the documents which could –

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case.

There is, in addition, an overriding principle prescribed in rule 7, which is,
that the discovery must be "necessary either for disposing fairly of the cause
or matter or for saving costs."

16 Documents which are now discoverable, other than these which a party relies
or will rely [r 1(2)(a)], will be those which could (i) adversely affect the
party’s own case; (ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or (iii) support
another party’s case. It should be noted that the word there is "could" not
"would". So a document which has the "potential of affecting" the party from
whom the document is requested, is obliged to discover the same.

17 Thus caution must be exercised when considering decisions which were made
under the previous rules because, in the words of Jeffrey Pinsler on
_Singapore Court Practice Order 24_ , "a document is no longer discoverable
merely because there is some connection (irrespective of the nature of the
link) between it and the issue in the case." Documents which were required to
be discovered under the concept of "train of inquiry" are no longer
discoverable under the present O 24 r 1. However, this is not to say that the
concept of "train of inquiry" has been removed from the Rules. It has
reappeared in rule 5 which relates to discovery of specific documents.

18 However, it must not thereby be taken that cases decided under the previous
rules are no longer pertinent. As was the position under the previous rules,
one of the essential pre-conditions to be satisfied before discovery will be
ordered is that of "relevance". Whether a document would affect that party’s
claim, or adversely affect another party’s case, or support another party’s
case, must depend on the issues pleaded in the action. The cases that shed
light on "relevancy" are just as useful today.

19 Some of the principles on "relevancy" established by the cases are the
following. In _Thorpe_ (referred to earlier) it was decided that a document
was not discoverable if it was to be used only for the purpose of cross-
examination to establish credibility of witnesses. A discovered document can
also be blanked out in part if the blanked out portion is irrelevant to the
issues of the action: _GE Capital Corporate Finance Group Ltd v Bankers Trust
Co_ [1995] 1 WLR 172. The discovery process should not be allowed to "fish" a
cause of action: see _Wright Norman v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation_
[1992] 2 SLR 710. Where an allegation is not pleaded, seeking discovery of a
document to back up such an allegation constitutes fishing: _Marks & Spencer
plc v Granade t/v & Anor _(unreported of 8 April 1997)_._

**

Items 1, 2 and 3

**

20 We now turn to examine the basis upon which the plaintiff sought to justify
the discovery order made by the Assistant Registrar. On items 1, 2 and 3, the
plaintiffs submitted that those documents were required to show whether the
representations made by RTC, relating to membership being "exclusive" and
"limited", were true or untrue at the time they were made and whether there
was a breach of contract (assuming that the representations had become terms
of the contract).

21 It is vitally important to bear in mind that the action is for the non-
fulfilment of "representations" and/or for breach of contract. There is no
allegation of fraud. Nor is it alleged that RTC made the representations
knowing that they were false, or with no intention of fulfilling the same.
Fraud must be expressly pleaded with particulars. Thus, what was RTC’s
decision on the number of people to accept as founder members under the fee of
$28,000 and as second class members under the fee of $40,000 and what was the
actual number of applications received by 30 November 1996 were wholly
irrelevant to the issues in the action. It was not alleged that the
information in any of these three categories of documents were made known or
conveyed to any of the plaintiffs. They knew nothing of these documents. The
documents never formed the basis upon which RTC sought to attract the
plaintiffs to join as members. Whatever representations made by RTC to the
plaintiffs were exclusively in the three documents and nothing else. The
information contained in the documents to be discovered under items 1, 2 and 3
played no part in the plaintiffs’ appreciation of what RTC was trying to
convey in the prospectus.

22 So what representations RTC did make to the plaintiffs must be gleaned from
the prospectus and nothing else. And having established those representations,
the plaintiffs must show, inter alia, that what RTC have in fact provided in
the Club premises, applying objective standards, do not match the
representations. The detailed drawings on the design of the Club’s premises
have already been furnished to the plaintiffs pursuant to the order of the
Assistant Registrar. What was in the mind of the promoters behind RTC is not
an issue in the action. We would reiterate that there is no allegation of
fraud. The discovery sought was mere fishing. The documents are not necessary
for disposing fairly of the action.

23 As for the alternative claim based on breach of contract, here again the
plaintiffs must first establish what representations did RTC make in the
prospectus. Second, plaintiffs must show that the representations had become
terms of the contract. Third, the plaintiffs must establish a breach of those
terms. Again for the same reasons above, the documents requested are wholly
irrelevant.

24 The plaintiffs relied on the case _Chan Cheow Kiat v Tang Hoon Keng_
(unreported decision of the High Court in Suit No. 234/91 dated 9 September
1996). But in that case, which involved the purchase of shares in a company,
there were allegations of fraudulent and negligent misrepresentations and the
alleged misrepresentations related to the existing state of affairs of the
company. Another case relied upon by the plaintiffs was _Forum Development Pte
Ltd v Global Accent Trading Pte Ltd_[1995] 1 SLR 474 which concerned a
specific innocent misrepresentation made to induce a potential tenant to take
up space in a shopping mall and where the court allowed the tenant to rescind
the lease agreement on that account. In any event, in both these cases, the
actual decisions did not really concern discovery principles.

25 Another argument put forward by the plaintiff was that the documents under
items 1, 2 and 3 would show whether the representations made were fraudulent,
negligent or innocent and, in any event, they formed the factual matrix, or
surrounding circumstances, which the court could take into account in
construing the representations. But evidence as to the factual background must
be restricted to the circumstances "known to the parties at or before the date
of the contract": see _Prenn v Simmonds_ [1971] 3 All ER 237. The documents
requested were not known to the plaintiffs before, or at the time, they
applied to become members of the Club.

**

Item 4

**

26 Under this item, the documents sought to be discovered related to the
criteria adopted by RTC in selecting applicants for membership. They averred
that in the prospectus, RTC stated that there would be a selection or
screening process to ensure that the members accepted were of like minded
professionals, executives and business people; if there were no such criteria,
then it would show that this representation was clearly untrue at the time it
was made; alternatively there was a breach of contract.

27 It seemed to us that the plaintiffs, in making this submission, overlooked
what is the substance of their grievance in the action, which is, that RTC
admitted so many people as members so much so that the plaintiffs, who are
members, could no longer enjoy the sort of facilities which RTC promised in
their prospectus. The complaint in the action does not relate to the quality
of the people who have been accepted as members, but the quantity. Thus the
document asked for is wholly irrelevant to the issues in the action. In our
view, this was just another fishing expedition.

**

Items 9(b)

**

28 This document related to a decision of RTC to expend $100,000,000 for
additional facilities. The plaintiffs submitted that as RTC had represented to
the plaintiffs that members would enjoy "unparallelled privileges and
facilities", the decision of RTC to spend $100 million in improving the Club
facilities was highly pertinent to that question. This alleged decision to
expend $100 million to improving Club facilities was based on a report in the
newspaper _The Business Times_ of 7 June 2001, which stated that the
shareholders of RTC were said "to be sitting on cash of over $100 million and
should have little difficulty funding any proposed purchase" for expansion.

29 A couple of observations should be made on this item. First, the assertion
that RTC proposed to spend some $100 million to upgrade the Club facilities is
not pleaded in the Statement of Claim even though this report in the Business
Times was published long before the action was commenced. So this allegation,
which was based on the newspaper report, is not relied upon by the plaintiffs.
Second, the alleged representations in the prospectus occurred in 1996. It is
settled law that subsequent acts or conduct cannot be relied upon, or used, to
construe any representations made in any instrument or the terms of a contract
– see _Reardon-Smith Line Ltd v Yngver Hansen-Tangen_ [1976] 3 All ER 571.
Third, in a statement dated 7 June 2001, issued to all members by the newly
appointed Chairman of RTC (which was already disclosed), he stated, inter
alia, the following:-

.. we have reviewed the strengths, weaknesses and opportunities related to the
Club and have drawn up a Club Development Plan. This blueprint of an action
plan was accepted for implementation at the 1st Board Meeting on 29 May 2001.

The Plan will focus on three main areas:-

1\. Acquiring an additional location to complement our present flagship at
Plymouth Avenue.

2\. Addressing all reasonable concerns about enhancement and usage of Club’s
ambience and facilities.

3\. Leveraging on our membership strength to achieve the vibrancy and
viability befitting a prestigious club.

The Board has proposed and the Proprietors have readily agreed to implement
the plan for an additional location to complement the present one at Plymouth
Ave. The Proprietors will provide the capital outlay for it. This means that
the Club will be better able to cater to the diverse needs of members in terms
of ambience, activity type and food and beverage preferences.

At the same time we will be taking steps to ascertain the optional usage of
the service outlets. In this, we assure you that our aim is to try to meet all
members’ reasonable expectations regarding usage of facilities. As some of you
who are members of other clubs are aware, clubs often have to cope with high
patronage during weekends, public and school holidays. During weekdays, food
outlets are under-patronized causing some clubs to allow walk-in members of
the public. This blurs the distinction between members and walk-in members of
the public. This is a situation we do not have and which we want to avoid.

30 Therefore, the documents under this item are not discoverable for two
reasons. First, the allegation was not pleaded and was not relevant to the
issues in hand. Second, subsequent acts or plans cannot be used to determine
what were, in fact, the representations made, or interpret the terms of a
contract. In any event, and for what it is worth, the information sought from
those documents was already conveyed in the general letter to members from the
Chairman of RTC dated 7 June 2001.

**

Item 10

**

31 Under this item, the plaintiffs sought copies of members’ complaints
received by RTC during the period March 2000 to July 2001 relating to the
inadequacy and overcrowding of the various facilities in the Club premises,
e.g., coffee-house, Chinese restaurant, car-park and swimming pool, and the
replies of RTC thereto. It is expressly pleaded that when the Club opened in
March 2000, it was woefully inadequate and shockingly lacking in terms of
facilities to cater for and accommodate the huge number of members and
supplementary card holders.

32 RTC argued that such complaints were irrelevant as they constituted little
more than hearsay evidence or only demonstrated what were the opinions of the
complainants.

33 It seemed to us that these documents are clearly relevant to the issue in
the action as to whether there is, in fact, any inadequacy or overcrowding of
the facilities or inability of the Club to cope with the total number of
members taken in. These documents would be germane to the question of the
alleged breach of representations/terms of contract. Accordingly, we allowed
the discovery of the documents under this item. We must, however, hasten to
add that we have only addressed the question of relevancy. Other questions,
such as admissibility and the weight to be accorded to each of the documents,
do not arise at this stage.

**

Item 11

**

34 The documents requested for under this item relates to the use of the
presidential or executive suites of the Club by non-members. The plaintiffs’
argument was that these documents related to another facet of "exclusivity".
Allowing non-members the use of the accommodation in the Club would be
contrary to the promise of "exclusivity". But the fact of the matter is that
the question of usage of the presidential and executive suites by non-members
is not pleaded or relied on at all. Thus these documents are wholly irrelevant
to the allegations of misrepresentations and/or breaches of contract.

**

Train of Inquiry

**

35 In relation to the discovery sought in the present appeal, the plaintiffs
were relying upon r 5 of O 24. While the principle on "train of inquiry" is
incorporated in r 5, it is nevertheless necessary for the applicant party to
show in what way the requested document may lead to a relevant document. For
example, in _Jones v Richards_ (1885) 15 QBD 439 the court allowed
interrogation of the defendant as to whether or not he was the writer of a
letter (which was not in issue) in order to prove that he was the writer of a
libellious letter which was the subject of the proceedings. The plaintiffs
here did not attempt to show any such linkage other than stating baldly that
there could be a train of inquiry. It was clear that the plaintiffs just
wanted the specified documents (as ordered by the Assistant Registrar), and
not that the discovery of those documents (which we ruled to be irrelevant)
might lead to relevant documents. That was not their position. In modern
litigation, discovery must be kept under proper control.

**

Judgment

**

36 In the result, the appeal was allowed only in respect of the documents
under item 10. We affirmed the decision of the court below as regards the
other six items of documents. We ordered that the costs of this appeal be in
the cause. The security for costs, together with any accrued interest, would
be refunded to the plaintiffs or their solicitors.

****

Sgd:

CHAO HICK TIN | TAN LEE MENG  
---|---  
JUDGE OF APPEAL | JUDGE  
  
Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jul 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

