Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Delta Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd v Wiseco Trading Pte Ltd and
Others  
[2002] SGHC 44

Case Number | : | Suit 334/2001/J  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 March 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Justin Phua/Dennis Loh [Chin Patrick Dennis Loh & Co] for the plaintiffs; Harbajan Singh [Daisy Yeo & Co] for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Delta Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd — Wiseco Trading Pte Ltd; V S Integrated Pte Ltd; Ong Kuy Hwa; Ong Her Seng   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

In this action, the plaintiffs are asserting two causes of action, in the
alternative against the defendants. First, they claim damages which they have
suffered as a consequence of the civil conspiracy in which two related persons
in August 1998 had conspired with all the defendants or any of the defendants
with the predominant purpose to injure the plaintiffs. According to the
plaintiffs the conspirators by deception had defrauded them and had prevented
them from recovering the sum due to them under the building contract between
them and the first defendants ("Wiseco"). In the alternative, the plaintiffs
seek to invalidate the assignment in writing dated 30 July 1999 of the
property in question by Wiseco to the second defendants ("VS Integrated")
under section 73B(1) of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, Cap 61 ("the
CLPA") on the ground that it was made "with intent to defraud creditors"
within the meaning of that expression in the sub-section. Under this head of
claim, they seek rectification of the register of title of the property by
deletion in the land titles registry or an order that VS Integrated do re-
assign their property to Wiseco, the intention being that the plaintiffs could
levy execution on the judgment they had entered against Wiseco. **

  
The Facts

**

2 The material facts are these. The plaintiffs at all material times carry on
business as building contractors. Mr Ong Kuy Kiong ("Mr Ong") and his wife
were the original promoters, shareholders and directors of both Wiseco and VS
Integrated. Eventually, Mr Ong and his wife owned 254,000 shares and 146,000
shares in Wiseco, all of $1 each.

3 Wiseco proposed to build a warehouse. By a building agreement dated 21
October 1995 between Jurong Town Corporation ("JTC") and Wiseco, Wiseco agreed
to build a warehouse and ancillary buildings on a piece of land known as
Private Lot A13923 forming part of Government Resurvey Lot 1790, Mukim No. 11
Kranji, Singapore estimated to contain an area of 4,2128 square metres("the
property"). For that purpose, Wiseco was granted a licence. When Wiseco put in
the stipulated minimum investment, completed the building satisfactorily and
otherwise complied with the provisions of the building agreement, JTC would
grant it a 30 year lease.

4 For the purposes of evaluating the evidence and determining the issues of
fact in this case, it is important to bear in mind in particular the over-
reaching rights of JTC as the owner of the property of which Wiseco, the
licensee coupled with an interest in land which may be defeasible. If Wiseco
had breached any part of the building agreement, which remained un-remedied
after due notice, or if they suffered any process of execution by any of their
judgment creditors, JTC under clause 3(b) of the building agreement had the
"right" and "power" at their option to re-enter and take possession of the
property "and all buildings structures fixtures and plant material and effects
whatsoever thereon with power to hold and dispose thereof as if [the building
agreement] had not been entered into and without making to the [Wiseco] any
compensation or allowance for the same and [the building agreement] shall
thereupon determine…" (the words within the brackets are added for clarity).
To encourage financial institutions to finance industrial development, there
was the usual proviso stipulating that JTC shall not re-enter and re-possess
the property "until the Owner (i.e. JTC) has served upon the mortgagee notice
in writing specifying the breach and the mortgagee has failed to remedy such
breach". ( the words in brackets are added).

5 In 1996 Wiseco obtained a construction loan of $3.3 million from Overseas
Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd. Wiseco began to build. They engaged a piling
contractor to complete the piling works. The piling contractor was paid
$332,008.46 and the additional sum of $9,960.25. The piling contractor was
paid these sums out of the construction loan as to 70%. The balance was paid
by Wiseco out of their own funds.

6 By a building contract in writing dated 5 May 1998 between the plaintiffs
and Wiseco, the plaintiffs agreed to carry out the civil works and build the
warehouse on the property according to the approved plans. It was common
ground that as at 3 June 1998 the plaintiffs had not commenced the
construction works, though the plaintiffs had already started on the
preliminaries and mobilized their manpower and equipment for the building and
civil work. It was during this period of time that the plaintiffs, through
their director Mr Tay Kia Lim ("Mr Tay"), learnt that Mr Ong was adjudged a
bankrupt on 29 May 1998 and so was his wife Madam Ng shortly thereafter.

7 There was some controversy over the reasons why the plaintiffs continued
with their construction works, as to which I will return later in this
judgment, the fact remained that they carried on with the construction works.
The sub-structure work was completed and the architects certified, in response
to the plaintiffs’ Progress Claim No. 2 dated 19th August 1998 that a sum of
$264,843.00 was due and payable, together with the GST amounting to $7,945.29.

8 No payment was made and on 8 September 1998 the plaintiffs ceased all
further work under the building contract. On 23 February 1999 the plaintiffs
sued Wiseco and obtained judgment in the sum of $272,788.29 and costs of
$1,200. The plaintiffs took no effective action to execute on the judgment or
wind up Wiseco. The reasons are again in controversy and I will return to them
when I consider the plaintiffs’ allegations of conspiracy against Mr Ong, his
wife and the defendants.

9 In October 1998, Mr Ong and his wife Madam Ng transferred all their shares
in VS Integrated to the 3rd and 4th defendants who are respectively Mr Ong’s
brother and father. On 28 July 1999 the paid up capital of VS Integrated was
increased to $300,000.00 and they were held by the 3rd and 4th defendants. In
mid-March, 2000 the 4th defendant transferred to another brother of Mr Ong, Mr
Ong Kway Kiau. Mr Ong Kway Kiau was later convinced of the viability of the
warehouse project and agreed to be the financier. He later became the
substantial shareholder of VS Integrated. By an agreement dated 27 February
1999 Wiseco agreed to sell and VS Integrated to purchase Wiseco’s right, title
and interest over the property under the JTC building agreement for the price
of $50,000.00. On 30 July 1999 Wiseco with the consent of JTC by a Deed of
Assignment assigned all their rights, title and interest in and under their
building agreement with JTC to VS Integrated for the consideration of $50,000.
Not counting the value of the property as such, the worth of the piling works
and the sub-structure works was just over $600,000.00. At the trial, counsel
for the plaintiffs itemised the works done and materials supplied and paid for
by the plaintiffs. They totalled $708,759.29. There was no challenge to this
figure and upon the assignment to VS Integrated, the latter would take the
benefit of it. Before the assignment the only 2 shares in Wiseco, which were
previously each owned by Mr Ong and his wife, Madam Ng, were transferred in
October 1998 by the Official Assignee of their bankruptcy estates to the 3rd
defendant and the 4th defendant.

10 After becoming licensees of the property of the JTC, VS Integrated engaged
another construction company to complete the unfinished building and civil
work. The plaintiffs were evicted from the property. In January 2001 VS
Integrated obtained a construction loan of S1.5 million from United Overseas
Bank ("UOB") against a legal mortgage of their rights, title and interests
over the property. A joint and several personal guarantee was signed by the
3rd and the said Mr Ong Kway Kiau in favour of UOB as additional security. At
the time when the action came up for trial, the construction works were
substantially completed.

11 I should mention the amounts of money which VS Integrated had to pay out in
taking over the rights of Wiseco over the property. They paid off the
outstanding monies due to OCBC in exchange for OCBC’s release of their
mortgage. The payment totaled $303,407.23 and this sum included the sum of
$50,000 which VS Integrated had paid to Wiseco.. They also paid the arrears of
rental due to JTC who required payment as a condition of their consent to the
assignment by Wiseco to VS Integrated. The sum paid was $34,134.39.

**

  
Allegations of civil conspiracy and intention to defraud creditors

**

12 I now turn to plaintiff’s allegations that from August 1998 Mr Ong and/or
his wife and the defendants or any of them had "unlawfully conspired with the
predominant purpose to injure the plaintiffs by cheating and defrauding them
and preventing the plaintiffs from recovering the sum due to them under the
certificate of payment and/or the judgment". They alleged that Mr Ong, in
failing to obtain a special resolution of Wiseco in general meeting approving
the assignment, had contravened sections 157 and 160 of the Companies Act, Cap
50. He and inferentially the Ong family members, all of whom had been referred
to earlier, had deceived the plaintiffs’ Mr Tay, had made fraudulent
misrepresentations and had converted some of the plaintiffs’ building
materials, formworks and steel scald-folding works which were left behind in
the property after they were evicted from the property.

13 Mr Tay in evidence alleged that though he was concerned about non-payment,
he was deceived by Mr Ong when he saw him at the latter’s office on 3 June
1998. Mr Ong he said lied to him that the OCBC would pay the plaintiffs in the
same way that the piling contractor had been paid. Mr Ong showed him the
documents about the construction loan, though he admitted that the
availability period of the loan was only just about 2 more months down the
road. During the period from August 1998 to July 1999, Mr Ong also misled Mr
Tay by assuring the latter that Mr Ong’s brother would take over the shares of
Wiseco and provide the funds for Wiseco to proceed with the construction of
the warehouse. Relying on those assurances, which turned out to be false, Mr
Tay of the plaintiffs decided not to take any further action, even though they
had obtained judgment against Wiseco. Neither did he petition for the winding
up of Wiseco although the usual statutory demand was served on Wiseco on 18
May 1999. Mr Tay explained that he stayed his hand because of the assurances
of Mr Ong which turned out to be false. Had he filed the company winding up
petition, the assignment which took place later would have been stopped and
the plaintiffs’ claims as judgment creditors would have to be arranged or
compromised before the assignment to VS Integrated could proceed.

14 The plaintiffs relied on a number of overt acts by Mr Ong, his wife and the
other defendants. In September, Mr Ong and his wife transferred the 2 shares
in VS Integrated to the 3rd and 4th defendants. They and all the defendants
had firmed up the intention to use VS Integrated to take over the property
from Wiseco. Third parties replaced them as directors of Wiseco. The
assignment took place. According to the plaintiffs, the assignment was done at
such an undervalue that Mr Ong and his wife as directors were clearly in
breach of their duties under section 157 of the Companies Act, Cap 50 to act
honestly and diligently in the discharge of their duties to Wiseco. Further,
they failed to obtain the necessary approval of Wiseco in general meeting as
required by section 160 of the Companies Act, Cap 50. In taking over the
property, the defendants (who were not named) also converted to their use
building materials and equipment belonging to the plaintiffs, namely the steel
reinforcement bars, timber shutter formworks, used timber formworks and used
steel scaffoldings.

15 The plaintiffs conducted an examination of Wiseco’s financial matters. The
plaintiffs were told in the examination that the financial records and
accounts of Wiseco had been misplaced. They drew a blank; the point was made
that the unavailability of the accounts added further suspicion against the
good faith of Wiseco and their directors.

16 The plaintiffs rely on the evidence set out above to found their claims of
conspiracy and the invalidation of the assignment on the ground that it was
made by Wiseco with the intention to defraud creditors.

**

  
The defence version

**

17 Mr Ong gave evidence. At that time, he was in the employ of VS Integrated.
He was dealing with the purchase and sale of furniture. According to him, he
told Mr Tay of the plaintiffs when the prospects of bankruptcy loomed large.
Mr Tay was reassuring saying that he would continue with the project and
complete the warehouse after which it could be sold. He did not deceive him or
make any of those misrepresentations. In fact, by their letter of 3 June 1998
to the architects, the plaintiffs stated that judgment had been entered on 29
May 1998 against Mr Ong by Chen Hock Heng Textile Co. Pte Ltd in the sum of
$200,000 and that the solicitors of the judgment creditor were proceeding to
serve a bankruptcy petition on him. He sought instructions from both the
architects and Wiseco. At that time, he had not commenced civil works on the
superstructure, though he had carried out preliminaries as mentioned earlier.

18 Mr Ong met Mr Tay again sometime in December 1998. He told him that he was
unable to carry on the business of the company. He had approached many people
to take over the company but no one wanted to take over. Mr Ong said he had
also approached JTC officers and offered to return the land. The officers told
him that as he had started piling work, it would be very troublesome for them
to take back the land. They also considered the loan to the OCBC as a very
troublesome matter. The officers indicated to him that JTC would consider any
party taking over if that party would pay the loan to the bank.

19 Mr Ong then suggested to Mr Tay to take over the land. He informed him that
he had paid yearly rental of about $80,000; and it totalled about $240,000.
The property tax paid was $30,000. Wiseco took a loan of about $300,000. Mr
Ong told Mr Tay that the pressing items were the bank loan of about $200,000,
JTC rental arrears of $50,000 and property tax of about $10,000 which had to
be paid by the party taking over the land. He requested Mr Tay to take over
the land and pay for those items only. But Mr Tay declined, saying that Wiseco
already owed him about $200,000. It was clear that he had apprised Mr Tay of
the fact that JTC did not want to re-enter and re-possess, outsiders did not
want it and he told Mr Tay that he would ask his elder brother, Ong Kway Kiau
whether he would be interested to take over the property. In these
circumstances, Mr Ong did not agree that the value of the property was $680,00
as suggested to him in cross examination. He said even though about $900,000
was expended for the project, there were no takers at all.

20 Mr Ong said that the idea of his brother Mr Ong Kway Kiau taking over
Wiseco’s rights and interest in the property by means of VS Integrated came
from him, after he had asked Mr Ong questions about the viability of the
project. Mr Ong Kway Kiau said the idea of using VS Integrated came from him.
Mr Ong Kway Kiau’s evidence about the date when he first thought of taking
over was tentative; at one stage he said it was at the end of December 1998 or
January 1999. He told the court he was not sure as to the date when the
decision to invest in VS Integrated was first made. When his attention was
drawn to the fact VS Integrated had applied to PUB for supply of water in
November 1998 and the fact that Wiseco and VS Integrated had applied to JTC
for approval of the proposed assignment on 15 December 1998, he said he did
not know, meaning I gathered that he was not sure. It was, in my view,
immaterial to know the precise date. He even said that prior to December 1998
there was a meeting between him and his brother but that no decision was made
whether he would take over through VS Integrated.

21 He was told of the debts of Wiseco and obviously he would not want to carry
those burdens in addition to the investments to complete the project. He left
it to his solicitors to effect the taking over. Mr Ong Kway Kiau also told the
court that he left it to his lawyers to advise on the sum he was to pay. He
said he would listen to his lawyers and would pay whatever the sum they
advised. Mr Ong waived privilege of his communications with the solicitors but
plaintiffs decided not to call the solicitor in charge to give evidence. The
question of Mr Ong Kway Kiau waiving privilege was not raised by anybody. When
asked to account for the sources of his wealth, he told the court that his
means came from his business in buying and selling second hand machinery.

**

  
Law of conspiracy and intention to defraud creditors

**

22**** In _Chew Kong Huat v Recwill (Singapore) Pte Limited_ [2000] 1 SLR 385,
the Court of appeal in page 399, para 34 laid down that "a conspiracy by
unlawful means is constituted when two or more persons combine to commit an
unlawful act with the intention of injuring or damaging the plaintiff, and the
act is carried out and the intention achieved". It was pointed out that the
presence of a predominant intention to injure the plaintiff was "not a
necessary ingredient for the tort of conspiracy by unlawful means". It was
only necessary when a conspiracy by unlawful means was alleged. In the present
case, the plaintiffs have to prove, inter alia, that Mr Ong, his wife Madam Ng
and all and any of the defendants had combined with the intention of
defrauding the plaintiffs by means of the assignment to VS Integrated.

23 I turn to the ambit of section 73B(1) of the CLPA. The subsection provided
that "every conveyance of property made whether before or after 12th November
1993, with intention to defraud creditors, shall be voidable, at the instance
of any person thereby prejudiced". In _Quah Kay Tee v Ong & Co Pte Ltd_ [1997]
1 SLR 390 the Court of Appeal ruled that on the evidence in that case the
presumption of fraudulent intent could be properly triggered against the
transferor of the shares. Therefore, the voluntary share transfer was rendered
voidable.

**

  
Central Issue of fact

**

24 Common to both causes of action was the intention of Mr Ong and Mr Ong Kway
Kiau representing the minds and management of Wiseco and VS Integrated. The
common question of fact is this: did they and the companies intend to defraud
the plaintiff and other creditors of Wiseco when they effected the assignment
for the consideration and in the circumstances recited in this judgment?

**

  
My findings

**

25 In my judgment, they did not intend to defraud the plaintiffs as creditors.
Both Mr Ong and Mr Ong Kway Kiau were interested to salvage whatever they
could in the project to be developed on the property. They left it to the
solicitors to advise on the amounts to pay both for the assignment and in
order to obtain both the consent of JTC and the release of OCBC in respect of
the mortgage. If the plaintiffs had proceeded to wind up Wiseco, the
assignment could not have taken place. The Liquidators of Wiseco could have
assigned the company’s rights and interests (if any) with the consent of JTC.
It would inevitably have followed that plaintiffs would have had to file their
proof of debt and one could not possibly speculate on the dividend that could
be available for distribution pari passu among the unsecured creditors. It
could well have been either a re-entry by the JTC or the payment of the
secured mortgagee, OCBC, and other charges such as the JTC rental arrears and
the property taxes. It was not demonstrated before me whether Wiseco could get
any surplus for pari passu distribution among their creditors after the
payments of these priority claims. In the case of a JTC re-entry, Wiseco would
end up with nothing but the un-discharged liabilities still remained. If
nothing was done, the rights and interests of Wiseco in the property might
well have been nil. I entirely accept that Mr Ong tried to secure buyers of
the rights and interests of Wiseco, including the plaintiffs through his
conversations with Mr Tay, but he could not get any party interested except
his brother, Mr Ong Kway Kiau who had the financial means and who, through his
ties of kinship with Mr Ong, had the added emotional incentive to jump in and
salvage what could be salvaged. There was not a shred of evidence to suggest
that Mr Ong Kway Kiau was standing in for Mr Ong, as one question in cross had
suggested. The question was impermissible as this important allegation was not
pleaded.

26 On this analysis of the very limited options available to both Mr Ong and
Mr Ong Kway Kiau, it is in my view predictable that VS Integrated would be a
convenient vehicle to take the assignment and for fresh banking facilities and
injection of capital to continue with and complete the warehouse project.
After all, Mr Ong Kway Kiau invested a substantial sum and undertook the
burden of the joint and several guarantee in favour of the UOB.

27 On the evidence, I accept Mr Ong’s evidence that he did not deceive Mr Tay
in the ways and by the misrepresentations as alleged. The plaintiffs took a
decision not to wind up Wiseco. Through their solicitors they made many
demands but they did not take effective steps to stop the assignment by
winding up Wiseco before the Deed of Assignment was executed. I also find on
the defence evidence that the allegations of conversion of the plaintiffs’
materials and equipment were not proven.

**

  
Conclusion

**

28 Accordingly, the claims of the plaintiffs are dismissed with costs.

Sgd:

Lai Kew Chai  
Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Mar 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

