Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Balasubramanian Palaniappa Vaiyapuri v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 12

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 12/2001, MA 309/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 January 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  SK Kumar (SK Kumar & Associates) for the appellant/petitioner; Cheng Howe Ming (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Balasubramanian Palaniappa Vaiyapuri — Public Prosecutor   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Jurisdiction – Consent of Attorney General necessary
before commencement of proceedings – Whether consent of Acting Attorney
General given and valid – Whether court has jurisdiction to hear matter – s
3(2) Tokyo Convention Act (Cap 327)  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Outraging modesty of victim – Defence of
intoxication – Defence available only where accused incapable of forming
requisite mens rea – Whether defence available to appellant – s 86(2) Penal
Code (Cap 224)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Validity of plea of guilt –
Safeguards to observe in determining validity – Qualification of guilty plea
during mitigation – Rejection of guilty plea by court – Appellant alleging
intoxication in mitigation plea – Whether mitigation plea qualifies plea of
guilt – s 180(b) Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Relevant
considerations in court's exercise of power – Adjudicate – Appellant alleging
defective statement of facts – s 180(b) Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) – s
23 Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Outraging modesty of victim –
Benchmark sentence – Appellant pleading guilty to charge – Whether plea of
guilt and absence of antecedents merit discount in sentence – Absence of
criminal antecedents as mitigating factor – Appellant's persistence in
outraging modesty of victim as aggravating factor – s 354 Public interest
element – Penal Code (Cap 224)  
  
Words and Phrases – 'Nature and consequences' – s 180(b) Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68)  
  

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

This was a petition for criminal revision of a decision of a subordinate court
and an appeal against the sentence imposed. I dismissed the application for
revision and enhanced the sentence imposed on the petitioner. I now give my
reasons.

_

  
The facts

_

2 The petitioner was originally charged with three counts of outrage of
modesty under s 354 of the Penal Code (Cap 224). The prosecution proceeded
only on the third charge after the accused had indicated that he would plead
guilty to the charge. The remaining two charges were taken into consideration
for the purpose of sentencing with the consent of the accused.

3 The petitioner pleaded guilty to the following charge:

> You,
>

>> Name: Balasubramaniam Palaniappa Vaiyapuri, M/57 years old  
>  Date of Birth: 26.4.1944  
>  Nationality: Indian National  
>  Passport No: A1504579
>
> are charged that you on the 1st day of November 2001, at or about 5.10 pm
> (Singapore Time) whilst on board Singapore Airline flight SQ 973 travelling
> from Bangkok, Thailand to Singapore did use criminal force to one
> Puspitaningrum Retnoharsiwi, F/24 years old, to wit, by touching her right
> breast with your right hand, knowing it to be likely that you will thereby
> outrage the modesty of the said Puspitaningrum Retnoharsiwi, and you have
> thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 354 of the Penal Code,
> Chapter 224.

4 The first charge that was taken into consideration in sentencing stated that
the petitioner had on the same day, whilst on board the same flight travelling
from Osaka, Japan to Bangkok between 1 pm and 2 pm, outraged the modesty of Ms
Puspitaningrum Retnoharsiwi by touching her breast with his right hand. The
other charge involved the petitioner outraging the modesty of the same victim
by stroking her left cheek with his right hand between 1 pm to 2 pm on the
same flight.

5 The plea of guilt was made to a statement of facts, which the petitioner
admitted to without qualification. In summary, it stated that on 1 November
2001, the petitioner had asked the victim, who was a flight stewardess with
Singapore Airlines, for a glass of Cognac. He then suddenly touched the
victim’s right breast with his right hand. The victim reported the matter to
her colleagues and subsequently to the Singapore Airline Control Centre at
Singapore Changi Airport, Terminal 2. After disembarking from the aircraft,
the victim identified the petitioner to a police officer of the Singapore
Airport Terminal Services (SATS). The petitioner was arrested and escorted to
Bedok Police Division.

6 The petitioner was convicted in the court below. In mitigation he pleaded
that he had seven daughters who were dependent on his income and urged the
court to consider his case sympathetically. He also stated that he had a lot
to drink on the flight.

7 The district judge sentenced the petitioner to 12 months’ imprisonment. No
caning was imposed as the petitioner was 57 years old at the time of the
offence. The judge noted that the tariff sentence in outrage of modesty cases
was nine months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane. The judge
discerned two mitigating factors in the present case: the petitioner’s plea of
guilt and the fact that he was a first offender. However, the judge was of the
view that the petitioner had brazenly touched the victim’s breast at two
separate points in time and that his persistence in outraging the modesty of
the victim had outweighed any mitigating value in his plea of guilt. This
warranted a sentence above the nine-month tariff.

_

  
The petition for criminal revision

_

8 Counsel for the petitioner submitted that the court below did not have
jurisdiction to hear the matter because no valid consent had been obtained
from the Attorney-General for the commencement of proceedings. It was also
argued that the plea of guilt was not unqualified and that the statement of
facts was defective as it did not state all the essential elements of the
offence. Counsel submitted that the conviction and sentence had thus been
rendered unsafe and sought to invoke the revisionary jurisdiction of this
court to quash the conviction and to set aside the sentence imposed on the
petitioner.

_

  
Principles of revision

_

9 The revisionary powers of the High Court are conferred by s 23 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act and s 268 of the Criminal Procedure Code (the
‘CPC’). Such powers of revision must be exercised sparingly. There must have
been some**** serious injustice before the court will intervene on revision.
No precise definition of what will constitute such serious injustice is
possible as the discretion of the courts has to be preserved. However, it must
generally be shown that there was something palpably wrong in the decision of
the court below, which struck at its basis as an exercise of judicial power:
see _Ang Poh Chuan v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 326, _Ngian Chin Boon v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR
119, _PP v Mohamed Noor bin Abdul Majeed_ [2000] 3 SLR 17.

_

  
Lack of jurisdiction to hear the charge

_

10 Section 3(2) of the Tokyo Convention Act (Cap 327) reads as follows:

> No proceedings for any offence under the law in force in Singapore committed
> on board an aircraft while in flight elsewhere than in or over Singapore
> other than an offence under the Air Navigation Act or any subsidiary
> legislation made thereunder shall be instituted in Singapore except by or
> with the consent of the Attorney-General.

11 Counsel for the petitioner contended that the court below had no
jurisdiction to adjudicate the matter. Counsel submitted that under s 3(2) of
the Tokyo Convention Act, the consent of the Attorney-General is required if
the Attorney-General is not personally conducting the prosecution and in this
case the consent of the Solicitor General in his capacity as Acting Attorney-
General had been obtained. The Solicitor General had no powers to issue the
consent for the institution of proceedings, as under s 336(2) of the Criminal
Procedure Code the Solicitor General is only vested with the powers of a
Deputy Public Prosecutor.

12 I was of the view that there was no merit in counsel’s argument. In the
present case, the Solicitor-General had been officially appointed to act as
the Attorney-General from 1 November 2001 to 4 November 2001 and from 11
November 2001 to 14 November 2001. This was published in the Government
Gazette Notification No 3076 on 2 November 2001. The Solicitor General could
therefore consent to the prosecution of the offence on 2 November 2001 in his
capacity as the Attorney-General.

13 Counsel also argued that the court lacked jurisdiction to hear the case,
given that the consent was on the face of it irregular or invalid. Counsel
submitted that this was because the charge to which consent had been given by
the Acting Attorney-General stated the mens rea as one of "intention", whereas
the charge read out to the petitioner in the court below was concerned with
the mens rea of "knowledge" and not "intention".

14 Counsel for the petitioner relied on several cases for support. One of the
cases cited was _R v Morarka_ AIR (1948) P.C. 82, which was an appeal to the
Privy Council from the High Court of Bombay. This case concerned clause 23 of
the Cotton Cloth and Yarn (Control) Order 1943, which required the sanction of
the Provincial Government for the institution of proceedings against persons
who contravened any of the provisions of the Order. The court in _Morarka_
held that facts constituting the offence charged in respect of which sanction
was given should either be referred to on the face of the sanction or it must
be proved by extraneous evidence that they were placed before the sanctioning
authority. Where the facts were not referred to on the face of the sanction
nor was it proved that they were before the authority, the sanction would be
invalid and the court would lack jurisdiction to hear the case.

15 In my view, _Morarka_ did not lend any support to the petitioner’s
contention, as a very different issue was involved in that case. _Morarka_ was
concerned with the requisite form and contents of the sanction under Clause 23
of the Order whereas the issue in this case was whether there was valid
consent where the mens rea stated in the charges to which consent had been
given was different from those that the petitioner subsequently faced in
court.

16 The other cases cited by counsel for the petitioner also gave no support to
his argument and can be distinguished from the present case. In those cases,
the offence to which consent had originally been given constituted a separate
and distinct offence from the one that the accused was subsequently charged
with in court.

17 In _PP v Lee Chwee Kiok_[1979] 1 MLJ 45, the accused was originally charged
with trafficking in dangerous drugs under s 39B(1)(a) of the Dangerous Drugs
Ordinance and the Public Prosecutor’s consent to prosecute had been given. At
the trial the prosecution amended the charge to one of doing an act
preparatory to trafficking under s 39B(1)(c) of the Ordinance. The court held
that this was a distinct offence to which the Public Prosecutor’s consent had
to be obtained and that the trial was a nullity as consent had not been given
to the amended charge.

18 The accused in _PP v Wong Cheong Yoon****_[1992] 1 CLAS News 37 was
originally charged with an offence under s 5(a)(i) of the Prevention of
Corruption Act and the consent of the Public Prosecutor had been obtained
under s 31 of the Act. At the trial, the prosecution amended the charges such
that they alleged offences under s 6(a) of the Act. The court held that the
amended charges concerned distinct offences under a different section of the
Act and as the Public Prosecutor’s consent had not been obtained, the court
did not have the jurisdiction to hear the case.

19 The above cases had clearly laid down the proposition that the court had no
jurisdiction to adjudicate the matter if the charge to which consent had been
given alleged an entirely distinct offence from the one that the accused
subsequently faced in court. The Public Prosecutor could not be said to have
given his consent if he had applied his mind to an offence which was totally
different from the one that the accused was later charged with. In the present
case, however, the charge to which the Acting Attorney-General had originally
given his consent did not concern an offence that was entirely different or
distinct from the one that the petitioner was charged with in court. It was
still the same offence of outrage of modesty under the same section of the
Penal Code, save for the alleged mens rea. In my opinion, as the Acting
Attorney-General had already applied his mind to the offence for which the
petitioner was being prosecuted and had consented to the commencement of
proceedings against the petitioner, the court did have jurisdiction to hear
the case.

_

  
The plea of guilt

_

20 Counsel for the petitioner submitted that the plea of guilt was not
unreserved, unqualified and unequivocal since the petitioner had informed the
court during mitigation that he had a lot to drink before the alleged
incident. It was also alleged that the petitioner was in a daze when the
charges were read out to him in court.

21 Before an accused’s plea of guilty is accepted, the trial judge must ensure
that the plea is valid and unequivocal. A plea must be unequivocal in the
sense that it must signify without doubt and qualification the admission by
the accused to all the ingredients of the offence and all the averments of the
charge: _Rajeevan Edakalavan v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 815.

22 The test in determining the validity of the plea of guilt had been
definitively laid down in _Ganesun s/o Kannan v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 560 and
_Rajeevan Edakalavan_ (supra). It was held that the following safeguards must
be observed before the plea would be deemed valid and unequivocal. First, the
court must ensure that it is the accused himself who wishes to plead guilty.
The accused should plead guilty by his own mouth and not through his counsel.
Secondly, the court must ascertain whether the accused understands the nature
and consequences of his plea. Thirdly, the court must establish that the
accused intends to admit without qualification the offence alleged against
him.

23 In my view, there was a valid and unequivocal plea of guilt by the
petitioner in the present case. In the court below, the third charge was read
and explained to the petitioner in Tamil and the petitioner pleaded guilty.
The notes of evidence clearly showed that the petitioner understood the nature
and consequences of the plea. The prosecution then tendered the statement of
facts, which was read to the petitioner and admitted by him without
qualification. The petitioner was found guilty and convicted. The petitioner
claimed that he was "in a daze" when the charges were read out to him.
However, he also claimed that he was "clear" that the statement of facts read
out to him merely stated that he had "suddenly touched the victim’s right
breast with his right hand" without mentioning that he had done so with a
guilty intention or knowledge. I could not accept the petitioner’s allegation
of him being "in a daze" at the material time. No evidence was adduced to
substantiate this allegation. I found it difficult to believe that he was in a
daze when the charges were read out to him, since he was clear as to what was
stated in the statement of facts, which was read out only shortly after the
charges were read to him. To believe that the petitioner was in a daze would
be to accept that his mind became clear within a very short span of time.

24 Counsel for the petitioner further submitted that, when the nature and
consequences of the plea were explained to the petitioner, he was not informed
that by pleading guilty he was waiving his right to compound the offence under
s 199(1) of the CPC. Counsel argued that "nature and consequences" as
contained in s 180(b) of the CPC connoted the following: (i) the nature of the
charge; (ii) the punishment prescribed; (iii) the rights to which he forgoes
or waives. Counsel cited the American case of _Boykin v Alabama_ 395 USA 238
for support.

25 In my opinion, there was no merit in this submission. Section 180(b) of the
CPC provides that, before a plea of guilty is recorded, the court must
ascertain that the accused understands the nature and consequences of his plea
and intends to admit without qualification the offence alleged against him. By
"nature" of the plea, this meant that the accused must know exactly what he
was being charged with. As for the "consequences" of the plea, the accused had
to be aware of the punishment prescribed by the law so that he knew the
possible sentence that he would receive upon conviction. There was no
necessity to inform the petitioner of the possibility of the offence being
compounded.

26 The case of _Boykin v Alabama_ did not provide support to the petitioner’s
contention. It merely reaffirmed the principle that the court had to ensure
that an accused who pleaded guilty had a full understanding of what the plea
connoted and of its consequence. The majority of the Alabama Supreme Court
held that, as there was no affirmative evidence on the record that the
petitioner had entered his plea of guilt voluntarily, there was an error on
which the decision should be reversed.

27 Counsel for the petitioner contended that the petitioner, by stating that
he "had a lot to drink" in his mitigation plea, had qualified his plea of
guilt. Counsel also submitted that the words "I had a lot to drink" went to
show that the petitioner was so intoxicated that he did not have or was not
capable of forming the requisite intention or knowledge at the time the
offence was committed and that the defence under s 86(2) of the Penal Code was
available to the petitioner. Section 86(2) reads as follows:

> Intoxication shall be taken into account for the purpose of determining
> whether the person charged had formed any intention, specific or otherwise,
> in the absence of which he would not be guilty of the offence.

28 Counsel for the petitioner relied on _Deonny ak Ugoh v PP_ [1999] 1 MLJ
469, which was a decision of the Malaysian High Court. In that case, the
appellants had pleaded guilty to the charges but had claimed in the probation
officer’s reports that they were under the influence of alcohol at the time
the offence was committed. The lower court had adjourned the case before
sentence was passed to enable probation reports to be prepared in respect of
the appellants. The High Court held that, since there were allegations of
drunkenness in the probation reports, it was the duty of the lower court to
take those allegations into account in deciding whether the pleas of guilty
were qualified or not. The court was of the view that the appellants’ pleas of
guilty ought to have been rejected by the lower court as they were not
unequivocal and quashed the conviction and sentence.

29 In my view, this case did not assist the petitioner at all. The law in
Singapore is that, if the mitigation plea qualified the earlier plea of guilt
by indicating the lack of mens rea or actus reus, the accused would not be
deemed to have admitted to the offence without qualification and the plea
would be rejected by the court: _Ulaganathan Thamilarasan v PP_ [1996] 2 SLR
534. In the present case, what the petitioner said in his mitigation plea was
not sufficient to constitute a qualification or modification of the plea of
guilt. It did not necessarily follow from the allegation that he "had a lot to
drink" that there was an absence of mens rea for the offence. Although the
petitioner claimed that he had consumed a lot of alcohol, no evidence had been
adduced to show that he was so intoxicated that he could not form or possess
the necessary mens rea.

30 As for the defence under s 86(2) of the Penal Code, it is settled law that,
for the defence to be available, the accused has to prove on a balance of
probabilities that by reason of his consumption of alcohol he was so
intoxicated that he was incapable of forming any intention for the offence:
_Suradet v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 265, _Juma’at bin Samad v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR
338,_Indra Wijaya Ibrahim v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 442. In the present case, the
petitioner had not adduced any evidence at all as to the quantity of alcohol
consumed or as to the effect of the alcohol on his state of mind.

31 In any event, the offence in this case involved the mens rea of "knowledge"
and not intention and the defence in s 86(2) was not available to the
petitioner, as the defence applied only where the mens rea for an offence was
intention and not other forms of mens rea: _Juma’at bin Samad_ (supra). I had
made the following observation in that case:

> It is to be noted that an anomalous consequence of the drafting of s 86(2)
> is that it applies only where the mens rea for an offence is intention, in
> contradistinction to offences requiring other forms of mens rea specified in
> the Penal Code, for example, knowledge or rashness. The result is somewhat
> disturbing; for example, s 86(2) would apply to a charge of murder under s
> 300(a), (b) or (c) but not to a charge of murder under s 300(d). However,
> the words of the provision are clear and the consequences though
> discomfiting are not of such degree of absurdity as would justify the court
> departing from a literal interpretation.

32 Counsel for the petitioner further alleged that the petitioner had informed
the police officer, when his long statement was recorded, that he was so drunk
that he did not have the guilty intention when the incident occurred. The
petitioner was then told that such a defence was useless and that it was not
necessary to bring him for a medical examination since he was sober at that
time. Due to this misapprehension, the petitioner did not mention the fact
that he was intoxicated when the cautioned statement was recorded.

33 In my opinion, these allegations should not be accepted, as they were not
supported by any evidence. These assertions were untested and had not been
disclosed in the record. Although the petitioner claimed that he was drunk,
there was no evidence to substantiate this claim other than the bare assertion
that he had "a lot to drink".

_

  
The Statement of Facts

_

34 Counsel for the petitioner argued that the Statement of Facts merely stated
that the petitioner had "touched the victim’s right breast with his right
hand" and did not mention the necessary mens rea for the offence. Counsel
therefore submitted that the court should exercise its revisionary powers and
quash the conviction.

35 The court has a legal duty to scrutinise the statement of facts for the
express purpose of ensuring that all the elements of the charge are made out
therein: _Mok Swee Kok v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 140. This is an important safeguard
where the accused pleads guilty to the charge, for otherwise there would be no
way in which the court could decide whether the elements of the offence had
been established, and thus no justification for convicting the accused:
_Ganesun s/o Kannan v PP_ (supra). A petition for revision can be presented on
the ground that the statement of facts did not contain all the elements which
constitute the offence charged. However, it was not the purpose of a criminal
revision to become a convenient form of "backdoor appeal" against conviction
for accused persons who had pleaded guilty to their charges. The governing
principle was that the revisionary jurisdiction of the High Court should be
invoked only if the court was satisfied that some serious injustice had been
caused. The petition should only be allowed**** where**** it was****
manifestly plain that the offence charged was nowhere disclosed in the
statement of facts tendered: _Mok Swee Kok v PP_ (supra), _Ngian Chin Boon v
PP_ (supra), _Teo Hee Heng v PP****_[2000] 3 SLR 168. It was only in such
situations that the insufficiency of the statement of facts may be said to
have resulted in grave and serious injustice: _Teo Hee Heng v PP_ (supra).

36 In my opinion, no serious injustice had been caused in the present case and
there was nothing palpably wrong in the decision of the court below. Although
the mens rea for the offence had not been expressly particularised in the
statement of facts, it was not "manifestly plain" that the offence of outrage
of modesty was "nowhere disclosed in the statement of facts". The statement of
facts had related that the accused "suddenly touched the victim’s right breast
with his right hand". Furthermore, the knowledge that the victim’s modesty
would likely be outraged could be inferred from the statement of facts. Given
that the petitioner had asked for some wine from the victim and then suddenly
touched the victim’s right breast with his hand, it was very unlikely that the
petitioner would not have known that such an act would thereby outrage her
modesty.

37 For the above reasons, I denied the application for revision.

_

  
The appeal against sentence

_

38 Under s 354 of the Penal Code the use of criminal force with intent to
outrage modesty is punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to
two years, or with fine, or with caning, or with any two of such punishments.

39 Counsel for the petitioner contended that the sentence of 12 months’
imprisonment was manifestly excessive. Counsel submitted that the judge below
had not given sufficient consideration to the following mitigating factors in
this case:

> (1) The offence was committed on 1 November 2001 and the petitioner pleaded
> guilty on 2 November 2001.
>
> (2) The petitioner had no known antecedents.
>
> (3) The petitioner had fully co-operated with the police.
>
> (4) The petitioner had made known to the court that he had a lot to drink.
>
> (5) The petitioner only pleaded guilty to one charge and not to three.

40 The standard sentence for an offence where the victim’s private parts or
sexual organs have been intruded is nine months’ imprisonment with caning:
_Chandresh Patel v PP_ [1995] 1 CLAS News 323. In that case, the accused had
touched the vaginal area of a female passenger whilst flying aboard a
Singapore Airlines flight. He pleaded guilty to the charge and was sentenced
to three months’ imprisonment. On appeal, the sentence was enhanced to six
months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane.

41 In _Tok Kok How v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 735 the petitioner had, whilst sharing
the complainant’s umbrella, repeatedly held her right shoulder with his right
hand despite her protestations. He had also asked her if she was afraid of
being raped and he had used the knuckles of his left hand to press onto her
right breast. He was sentenced to**** nine months’ imprisonment and three
strokes of the cane. His appeal against sentence was dismissed. The court held
that it was incorrect to say that the petitioner had in no way intruded the
complainant’s private parts. He had used his knuckles to press onto her right
breast and this was no light infraction falling outside the category of cases
held in _Chandresh Patel****_ to be deserving of custodial sentences with
caning.

42 The sentencing guidelines have been applied in subsequent cases. In _Ong
Buck Chuan_ _v PP_ (MA 323/96/01, unreported), the petitioner sat next to the
victim on a bus and whilst the bus was moving, he folded his arms and used his
fingers to touch the side of the left breast of the victim. He was a first
offender and pleaded guilty. He was sentenced to six months’ imprisonment and
three strokes of the cane.

43 The petitioner in _Chee Huck Chuan v PP_ (MA 262/96/01, unreported) pleaded
guilty and was sentenced to nine months’ imprisonment without caning as he was
63 years of age. In that case, the victim was making a call from a telephone
booth when she felt someone grabbing her from behind. At the same time, she
felt the same person touching her right breast. She managed to break free and
the petitioner was subsequently arrested.

44 In my view, the sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment was not manifestly
excessive. I had noted in the case of _PP v George Nathan Edward_ (MA No 144
of 2001) that in recent months the courts had witnessed an unchecked increase
in the number of outrage of modesty cases, and as such a stiff sentence was
necessary to deter like-minded persons from committing such crimes. The
circumstances in the present case were similar to those in _Chandresh
Patel****_ and _Tok Kok How_ , but there was an additional aggravating factor
in this case – the petitioner had taken advantage of the victim three times
during the journey from Osaka to Singapore. The petitioner had in the earlier
flight sector i.e., the flight travelling from Osaka to Bangkok, touched the
victim’s right breast and had stroked her left cheek with his right hand. On
the same flight travelling from Bangkok to Singapore on the same day, the
petitioner again used his hand to touch the same victim’s right breast when he
asked her to serve him some wine.

45 Although the petitioner had pleaded guilty to the charge, the protection of
the public from such intrusive behaviour of the petitioner had to be balanced
against his plea of guilt. It is settled law that the plea of guilt does not
automatically merit a discount in sentencing and might be overridden by other
considerations. The court must consider the element of public interest before
deciding whether to give a discount and in some cases the need to protect the
public might outweigh any mitigating effect to be attached to an accused’s
guilty plea: _Sim Gek Yong v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 537. It has been subsequently
reaffirmed that the protection of the public is an exception to the general
rule that the plea of guilt would entitle the accused to a discount: _Lim Hock
Hin Kelvin v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 801. The petitioner in this case had repeatedly
outraged the modesty of the same victim and in my view his persistence in
doing so had greatly reduced the mitigating value in his plea of guilt.

46 As for the weight to be attached to the fact that the petitioner was a
first offender, I was of the opinion that the weight to be given to the
petitioner’s absence of antecedents would be greater where there was positive
evidence as to his good character rather than the negative inference from the
absence of antecedents. The petitioner being of good character, which might be
an inference from the fact that he was a first offender, could be said to be
irrelevant as a mitigating factor but relevant as an aggravating factor in
that the offence was so much greater because he should have known better: see
_PP v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 2 SLR 523. Similarly, the absence of antecedents
had to be weighed in the balance against other considerations, the most
crucial of which was the public interest. Being a first offender did not
necessarily entitle the petitioner to a discount in sentencing: _Sim Gek Yong
v PP_ (supra). The petitioner’s allegation that he had "a lot to drink" would
not be of any assistance to him either, as the commission of the offence while
in a state of self-induced intoxication was not a mitigating factor: _Mani
Nedumaran v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 411.

47 For these reasons, I dismissed the appeal against sentence and enhanced the
sentence to 24 months’ imprisonment.

_

Petition dismissed  
Appeal dismissed.

_

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW  
Chief Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jan 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

