Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## National Scientific (S) Pte Ltd v Ho Wai Ming and Others  
[2002] SGHC 69

Case Number | : | Suit 1535/2001, SIC 3110/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 April 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Foo Soon Yien and Benjamin Goh (Arthur Loke Bernard Rada & Partners) for the plaintiff; Tan Beng Swee (Netto Tan & S Magin) for the first defendant   
Parties | : |  National Scientific (S) Pte Ltd — Ho Wai Ming   
  
Civil Procedure – Anton piller orders – Application to discharge or vary Anton
Piller orders – Whether basis exists to set aside or vary orders – Whether
material non-disclosure – Whether judge's exercise of discretion unreasonable
– Likelihood of first defendant destroying material documentary evidence  
  

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. This was an application by the first defendant to discharge or vary the
Anton Pillar orders granted by JC Woo Bih Li on 6 December 2001. The plaintiff
company was set up in 1995 and carry on the business as agents for the sale
and distribution of scientific equipment. The first defendant was employed as
its general manager. Prior to his joining them as their manager he had his own
company called Synatech Enterprise. He transferred Synatech's business to the
plaintiff when he joined them in 1995, and Synatech Enterprise became dormant.
The plaintiff, now a wholly owned company of Pac Asia Pte Ltd, was then
jointly owned by Pac Asia Pte Ltd ("Pac Asia") and Metrotown Corp Pte Ltd
("Metrotown"), a company in which the first defendant was a shareholder.
Metrotown's shareholding in the plaintiff had since been sold and transferred
to Pac Asia. The plaintiff company has a sister company in Malaysia called
Farjar Sdn Bhd. Farjar Sdn Bhd is also wholly owned by Pac Asia. The second
defendant was also a former employee of the plaintiff. She was an
administrative officer who reported directly to the first defendant. The third
defendant has a registered business known as Astic Scientific Technology
("Astic"). However, his calling card only describes him as a sales manager of
Astic, whereas the first defendant also has an Astic calling card which
describes him as the manager. The first defendant explained that he carried
this card for convenience because Astic rented a desk from the plaintiff and
sometimes he had to help Astic deal with its customers. I find this to be a
most implausible explanation. I shall revert to Astic shortly. The first
plaintiff had also incorporated two other companies in or about May 2000. They
are Synatech Enterprise 2000, and Petroleum Recovery Technology Asia Pacific
which purports to carry on the same kind of business as the plaintiff.

2\. The first defendant's employ with the plaintiff was terminated on 6
December 2001, the day the Anton Pillar orders were served on him under a writ
action against the defendants based on, among other claims, breach of
fiduciary duties at common law and under contract, and breach of trust. The
Anton Pillar orders granted by JC Woo had been partially executed in that the
search order for a search to be conducted at the first and second defendants'
homes had been carried out yielding virtually nothing of significance. The
second defendant had not made any application to set aside JC Woo's orders.
The only outstanding parts of those orders relate to the disclosure of
documents set out in Schedule 2 of the orders. The first defendant now seeks
to set aside JC Woo's orders and asked for an order for inquiry into damages.

3\. The plaintiff came under a new management in September 2001. Suspicion
over the high cost of telephone bills incurred by the first defendant over a
12-month period prompted an unobtrusive investigation into his activities. The
major event that led to the dismissal of the first and second plaintiff
concerned a Malaysian company called Bumi Sains. In one of the weekly company
meetings the first plaintiff reported that he was negotiating a deal with this
Malaysian company. No contract or other documents were produced when he was
subsequently asked for them. His present stand is that he was asked by Bumi
Sains to procure two expensive equipment namely, a scanning electronic
microscope and a gas chromatography mass spectrophotometer. The plaintiff did
not have these items and had to purchase them from a supplier called JEOL Asia
Pte Ltd ("JEOL"). It should be noted that it was somehow disclosed to the
first defendant that the ultimate buyer (from Bumi Sains) was the Malaysian
Institute Of Nuclear Technology ("MINT"). The first plaintiff's intention was
to purchase the equipment from JEOL and mark up the requisite 20% in
accordance with the plaintiff's sales policy, and re-sell it to Bumi Sains.
However, the plaintiff found some correspondence between JEOL and the first
defendant ostensibly on behalf of the plaintiff (using self-created letterhead
without the plaintiff's logo) in which the "plaintiff" was entitled to appoint
a Malaysian partner to quote directly to MINT. The upshot is that it appears
that the plaintiff may be by-passed and a deal is struck between JEOL and
either Bumi Sains or MINT directly with the assistance of the first defendant,
and in dereliction of his duties to his employer, the plaintiff. Again, the
first defendant produced a feeble explanation. This time, he said that he
created his own letterhead of the plaintiff (without the company logo) because
the company planned to design a new logo and until then it was not desirable
to use the old one.

4\. Miss Foo, appearing on behalf of the plaintiff, referred me to various
other alleged misdemeanours of the first plaintiff including his inability to
account for a couple of chiller machines. These need not detain us because the
first defendant denied these allegations and the issue has to be settled at
trial. However, there is one more matter that aroused a sufficiently strong
suspicion for the invocation of the orders obtained by the plaintiff. This
concerned the company that was mentioned briefly above called Astic. In
addition to carrying Astic calling cards that describe him as their manager,
there were also unexplained payment of expenses by the plaintiff for Astic's
expenses. Furthermore, although the first defendant asserted that Astic was in
the ink and paint business, the documentary record shows that there were sale
transactions involving scientific equipment between the plaintiff and Astic
suggesting that Astic was in fact in a similar line of business as the
plaintiff.

5\. The first defendant was asked to produce proof of his assertion that
everything he did was openly recorded and in the interests of the company but
he was unable to produce them save for a few pieces of dubious record. One of
these was a letter to Bumi Sains dated 5 November 2001. I am in full agreement
with Mr. Tan, counsel for the first defendant, that an Anton Pillar ought not
be liberally issued. However, in this case, all that was argued before me
appears to have been raised before JC Woo and so, in these circumstances, it
was incumbent upon the first defendant to persuade me that it was unreasonable
for the judge to have exercised his discretion in the plaintiff's favour or
that there was a material non-disclosure that would have affected his
decision. So far as the latter was concerned, the only point made by Mr. Tan
was that counsel for the plaintiff failed to disclose that Astic rented a desk
from the plaintiff at their premises. In my view, this was hardly a matter
that would have substantially affected the court's decision. Reviewing the
case afresh and with this additional fact in mind, I do not myself think that
it mattered. What really and substantially matters is that the first defendant
had no reason to be holding himself out to be the manager of Astic while
working for the plaintiff. In my view, the plaintiff has made out a
sufficiently reasonable case to justify the Anton Pillar order. Although there
is no direct evidence that the first defendant would have destroyed material
documentary evidence, the circumstances indicate a high likelihood that he
would do so. I cannot imagine that he would willingly surrender the documents
upon the plaintiff’s request to do so.

6\. On the above facts and arguments, there is no basis to vary the exercise
of JC Woo's discretion in granting the orders he made. However, as it remains
a possibility that the plaintiff's case may still fail at trial, I made no
order on the first defendant's application and order that costs of the
application be costs in the cause.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Apr 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

