Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Saminathan s/o Subramaniam  
[2002] SGHC 259

Case Number | : | CC 58/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 November 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ng Cheng Thiam, Paul Chia and Leong Wing Tuck [Attorney-General's Chambers] for the prosecution; Subhas Anandan and Anand Nalachandran [Harry Elias Partnership] (briefed) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor â€” Saminathan s/o Subramaniam   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. The accused was charged with the murder of one Karichiappan s/o Perumal on
18 March 2002. A second charge - for robbery with hurt- was stood down pending
the outcome of the murder trial. Karichiappan was a 78-year old retiree who,
from the evidence of his family and the post-mortem report, was a healthy and
able-bodied man. He lived in a flat at Jurong West with his wife Papathy, and
their elder son, Kalanithy. Papathy who works for the National Parks, left
home for work that morning at 5.20am. Kalanithy left the flat later, at
7.30am. Karichiappan was alone at home. Papathy returned to the flat at
4.20pm. She testified that as she was approaching her bedroom she saw her
husband lying facedown on the floor in the guest room which was next to her
bedroom. His hands were bound together with a yellow _saree_. The other end of
the _saree_ was wound round his neck and mouth and tied in a knot. Two other
pieces of clothing, a white _dhoti_ , and a patterned blouse, were also wound
round Karichiappan's neck, but these two pieces of clothing were not tied.
They were found wrapped round the neck and intertwined with the yellow
_saree_. Karichiappan was otherwise naked when found. Papathy untied his hands
and turned him over. She noticed that he was bleeding from the mouth, and was
cold to the touch. Realising that he had died, Papathy ran out of her flat
screaming for help. Her next door neighbour, Mr. Lim Cheng Tju, a school
teacher, and his wife responded. Mr. Lim called the police and then went back
to the flat to be with Papathy who then covered Karichiappan with a towel
until the police arrived.

2\. The first police officers to arrive at the flat were two officers from the
neighbourhood police post, namely Sgt Ronald Ang and Cpl Fauzillah Hamid. Sgt
Ang testified that they arrived at 4.46pm. He noted an Indian man lying supine
on the floor in one of the rooms. He said that the man appeared to have been
strangled by a _saree_ and a piece of white _sarong_. At 5pm a paramedic, Mohd
Nur Azli pronounced Karichiappan dead. Sgt Ang and Cpl Fauzillah checked the
flat with Papathy and found that the study had been ransacked; and a drawer in
Papathy's room had been forced open and her jewellery stolen. At 5.25pm Sgt
Ang handed the investigation of the case over to Sgt Gavin Teo of the Jurong
Police Division. He was subsequently joined by officers from the Special
Investigation Section ("SIS") of the Criminal Investigation Department
("CID").

3\. ASP Ng Poh Lai found a watch in a waste bin in the kitchen. The strap was
broken. Papathy and her son told the officer that the watch did not belong to
anyone in the family. Subbramaniam, Papathy's younger son, testified that he
had seen the accused wearing a similar watch when the latter visited
Karichiappan during Deepavali of 2001. Sorajah, the wife of the accused was
called but was not asked if she could identify the watch, but the evidence
concerning the watch was not a major feature of the prosecution case because
the accused did not challenge the fact that he was in Karichiappan's flat at
the material time. Reverting to the evening of 18 March, the prosecution
adduced evidence that at 11.15pm Dr. Wee Keng Poh, a pathologist from the
Health Sciences Authority visited the scene of crime and examined the body of
Karichiappan. A post mortem was conducted the next morning.

4\. The prosecution also adduced evidence from Kalanithy that Sorajah spoke to
Karichiappan on the evening of 17 March complaining about her husband, the
accused, and at some point handed the telephone over to the accused who then
spoke to Karichiappan. Kalanithy could hear his father chiding the accused
loudly. Evidence was also adduced to show that although none of the missing
jewellery were found in the possession of the accused, various pieces were
traced to a pawnshop and recorded as being pawned by one Swaran Singh. The
prosecution case was that the accused went to Karichiappan's flat on 18 March
together with this same Swaran Singh. Several statements made by the accused
were also admitted in evidence without challenge save that the defence case
was that the statements were not recorded in full. In these statements the
accused admitted going with Swaran Singh to Karichiappan's flat with the view
of persuading Karichiappan not to instigate Sarojah to divorce the accused. A
quarrel ensued and the accused hit Karichiappan who then fell to the ground.
In spite of being injured in the melee Karichiappan continued to shout at the
accused. Swaran Singh then took a yellow cloth, which appears to be the yellow
_saree_ , to restrain Karichiappan verbally and physically. As Karichiappan
lapsed into unconsciousness the accused and Swaran Singh ransacked the flat
and took away some jewellery.

5\. Dr. Wee testified in court and in respect of his examination of the
deceased body at the scene and at the autopsy. Dr. Wee prepared a post mortem
report in which he certified the cause of death as "Ia: Asphyxia, Ib:
Strangulation, and II: Compound fracture of the right mandible." In cases of
asphyxia, which is really a condition in which the brain dies because of
oxygen deprivation, death ensues within three to five minutes. Strangulation
is one cause of asphyxia. Under cross-examination, Dr. Wee conceded that the
fracture of the mandible is not a cause of death in itself. He explained that
a fractured mandible (jaw bone) may hasten death if there is blood from the
fracture and if the blood seeps down the windpipe it might result in death.
However, he did not find blood in Karichiappan's windpipe during the autopsy.
In the light of Dr. Wee's oral testimony, the inclusion of the compound
fracture of the mandible as part of the certified cause of death was obviously
incorrect. Dr. Wee referred to various signs such as bleeding in the whites of
the eyes, larynx, and tongue as indications of death by asphyxiation. This was
not challenged by Mr. Subhas, counsel for the accused. The only issue was
whether the asphyxiation was caused by strangulation, or some other reason
such as the covering of the deceased person's mouth and nose such that he was
unable to breathe. In this regard, under cross-examination Dr. Wee stated that
in his view, he believed that asphyxia in this case was, "on a balance of
probabilities", caused by strangulation.

6\. Dr. Wee was the prosecution's penultimate witness. The prosecution then
closed its case after its last witness, Miss Lim Chin Chin, from the Health
Sciences Authority, called formally to identify the _saree_. Mr. Subhas then
made representations to the Public Prosecutor in the light of the evidence
outlined above. The Public Prosecutor acceded to the representations and asked
for the murder charge to be reduced. The second charge that had been stood
down was also reduced to simple robbery. The accused pleaded guilty to both
charges and admitted the facts set out in the Statement of Facts. The facts
had already been adduced in greater detail during the course of the
prosecution case. I think that I am entitled to consider the evidence adduced
in the course of the prosecution case although in doing so one has also to
consider those aspects which are challenged by the defence, and to bear in
mind that the defence version had not been adduced by reason of the truncated
trial.

7\. That brings me to the mitigation by Mr. Subhas on behalf of the accused.
The thrust of the mitigation plea was that the accused had gone to see
Karichiappan on a personal and domestic matter concerning his fear that
Karichiappan might instigate Sarojah to divorce the accused. Counsel also
noted that it was not the prosecution case that the purpose of the visit was
to commit robbery or any other offence. He also submitted that the fractured
jaw and fractured ribs were sustained by Karichiappan when he fell after being
slapped by the accused. He said that the accused reacted with force because
Karichiappan was raining saliva on him in the course of rebuking him for his
treatment of Sarojah. The accused also alleged that even though Karichiappan
had fallen to the ground he continued to berate the accused and hurt him with
the curse that the accused would never father children. Counsel submitted that
the accused and Swaran gagged and tied Karichiappan with the three pieces of
clothing because they just wanted to stop him from shouting. Why they chose
not to leave when their welcome and purpose expired was not explained. It is
true that many of these things which were put forward by Mr. Subhas in
mitigation cannot be fully proved, and more serious inferences could only be
drawn without the requisite proof beyond reasonable doubt test; but on the
incontrovertible facts - ignoring for the moment whether the robbery was
premeditated or not, whether the accused's purpose was truly as he had
described through his counsel, and whether the accused really gagged
Karichiappan to stop him shouting - the accused had physically assaulted the
deceased, he had not only gagged him but also tied him up in a stranglehold
around his neck and face, as well as his arms, and robbed him and his wife of
their property, leaving him to gag and choke and asphyxiate to death. All this
was done by a man, now 47 years of age, with a history of criminal record that
began when he was 22 years old. The record speaks of drug and property
offences as well as crimes of violence. In the circumstances, I am of the view
that a long custodial sentence would not be inappropriate. Lastly, in taking
into account the totality of the punishment in respect of both offences, I am
of the view that the accused ought to be sentenced to imprisonment for life
and be given 6 strokes of the cane in respect of the amended first charge; and
a term of 5 years imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane in respect of the
amended second charge. I therefore sentenced him accordingly, and directed
that the terms of imprisonment to run concurrently with effect from 21 March
2002 when he was first ordered to be remanded by the court.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Nov 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

