Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Virgin Mobile (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Virgin Store (Singapore) Pte Ltd
(formerly known as Optimatum Pte Ltd)  
[2002] SGHC 181

Case Number | : | Suit 733/2002, SIC 2285/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 August 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Thio Ying Ying, Lim Siew Khim and Kelvin Lee Ming Hui (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the plaintiffs; Lawrence Quahe (Harry Elias Partnership) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Virgin Mobile (Singapore) Pte Ltd — Virgin Store (Singapore) Pte Ltd (formerly known as Optimatum Pte Ltd)   
  
Civil Procedure – Injunctions – Application for interim mareva injunction –
Risk of dissipation of assets – Whether any basis for grant of application  
  

** Judgment **

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

1\. This was an application by the plaintiffs for an interim mareva injunction
against the defendants. The plaintiffs are licensees of the "Virgin Mobile"
mark, the "Virgin" signature, and the "Virgin Mobile" logo. They are the
suppliers of mobile telephones, accessories and mobile airtime services. The
parties have referred to these collectively as "VMS Products". The defendants
are the franchisees of the business name "Virgin Store" in Singapore, and were
obliged by various agreements to operate what the parties describe as "life-
style concept stores". Generally, it means that the defendant will operate
stores selling Virgin Mobile products such as the VMS Products, as well as
running a caf and providing other ancillary services to its customers. The
agreement in dispute presently is the Authorised Retailer Agreement which the
defendants signed with the plaintiffs.

2\. By the terms of the said agreement, the plaintiffs would supply mobile
telephones to the defendants for retail sale by them (the defendants). The
defendants were obliged to submit regular six-monthly rolling forecasts of
sales. The plaintiffs alleged that in breach of the agreement, the defendants
had not done so. More importantly, the plaintiffs aver that the defendants had
not paid the plaintiffs' invoices since December 2001. The amount outstanding
is $2,746,399.64. The defendants deny that they were in breach of agreement
and say that they have a counter-claim based on misrepresentation and
estoppel. The facts and circumstances relating to the breach and counter-claim
are not straightforward. However, it is not necessary to deal with them in
this application save on the point as to whether the claims are spurious. That
point cannot be determined until full arguments are heard.

3\. When the application was first heard before me, it was by way of an _ex
parte_ application, but it was served on the defendants' solicitors who
attended the hearing. The ground advanced at that time by Mrs. Thio on behalf
of the plaintiffs was that the amount owing cannot be disputed because they
are money subject to a trust created by contract, and that unless restrained,
the defendants may dissipate the money in their bank accounts. However, I
could see nothing in the affidavits of Ross Anthony Cormack, Lim Teck Liang
and Cheong Aik Hock, filed in support of the mareva application that indicates
what the danger of dissipation was, or why an urgent order ought to be made.
It transpired at the hearing that the defendants had not separated the income
they received from sales of the plaintiffs' products into a trust account. On
this basis, I directions for the filing of affidavits for the purpose of the
_inter parte_ hearing.

4\. In the meantime, Mrs. Thio filed an application for a order for an
injunction pending the _inter parte_ hearing. The basis of her application was
that the money that was supposed to be in the trust account cannot be taken by
the defendants in any event, and that since the money can be identified, an
order for the injunction ought to be made. I need only make two points
briefly. First, Mr. Quahe argued on behalf of the defendants that there is no
trust account or money because of the unlawful termination of contract by the
plaintiffs. Secondly, even if there were money due to the plaintiffs, the fact
that no trust account actually had been created means that there is no
identifiable trust money for the injunction to apply. I dismissed the
application without prejudice, of course, to hearing full arguments at the
_inter parte_ stage. On the basis of the situation at present, I dismissed the
plaintiffs' application for an injunction pending the _inter parte_ hearing.

5\. Mrs. Thio asked for leave to present further argument on this point on the
basis of various authorities, principally, _Re Stehelin & Stahlknecht Ex Parte
The Central Agency Glasgow _[1893] 1 SSLR 78, _Re Hallet's Estate_ L.R. 13 Ch
D 696, and _Geh Cheng Hooi v Equipment Dynamics Sdn Bhd_ [1991] 1 MLJ 293. The
point made in these cases is that even though trust property has been mixed
with the defendants' own property, the law will allow tracing to be done in
order to extract the trust property from the mixed lot. Initially, I had
indicated that had the trust fund been clearly established I would have
granted the injunction sought. However, subsequently, in reviewing the case
when Mrs. Thio made her second application before me, I formed the view that
in the overall circumstances, an injunction pending the _inter parte_ hearing
would not be justified. The case is complicated in fact and law. What does
appear clear at the moment is that there is no sufficient evidence of
dissipation other than the use of the defendants' money in the ordinary course
of business. Mr. Quahe submitted that if the defendants accounts are frozen
their business will collapse because they would not be able to pay rent and
staff salary. Furthermore, he re-emphasized the submission that the obligation
to maintain the trust is being challenged by the defendants. In the
circumstances, I am of the view that the balance of convenience lay in not
granting the injunction until the case may be more fully argued.

6\. For the reasons above, the plaintiffs' application for an injunction order
pending the hearing of the _inter parte_ application was dismissed.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Aug 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

