Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Attorney General v Tye Kheng (Pte) Ltd  
[2002] SGHC 212

Case Number | : | Suit 1400/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 September 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leong Wing Tuck and Wilson Hue (State Counsel) for the plaintiff; Cheong Yuen Hee and Patrick Chee Teck Kwong (Chee & Teo) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Attorney General — Tye Kheng (Pte) Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Sale and purchase of property – Construction of
clause in sale agreement providing for adjustment of sale price  
  
Land – Sale of land – Doctrine of merger – Construction of s 66 of Land Titles
Act (Cap 157, 1994 Ed) – Whether buyer's obligation to pay adjusted price
extinguishes upon registration of transfer – s 66 Land Titles Act (Cap 157,
1994 Ed)  
  
Limitation of Actions – Equity and limitation of actions – Accrual of cause of
action – s 6(1)(a) Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Ed)  
  

**Judgment** _Cur Adv Vult_

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

By this action filed on 7 November 2001 the plaintiff is claiming under the
terms of an agreement in writing dated 20 November 1995 against the defendants
the sum of $588,983.10, interest thereon at 6% per annum from the date of the
writ to judgment and costs.  **

The Facts

**

2 The Urban Redevelopment Authority ("the URA") offered on behalf of the
Government 18 parcels of conservation shophouses at Pagoda Street, Singapore
which are prominently within the Chinatown vicinage, as part of the Government
Land Sales Programme. It was marketed as "an excellent investment opportunity
for those who recognise the potential of these historic shophouses to
participate in their restoration."

3 The tender documents were contained in a Developer’s Packet made available
to all interested parties, including the defendants. Enquiry Forms were
supplied in each Developer’s Packet to facilitate the process of clarification
in response to any queries, doubts or uncertainties before the close of the
tender in respect of the terms of the tender. The tender documents included
the Particulars of Tender, Conditions of Tender, the draft Building Agreement,
the draft Lease, Technical Conditions of Sale/Tender, Conditions and
Requirements of Relevant Competent Authorities, Structural Report,
Conservation Guide Plans, Planimetric Survey "Topographical Plan", Form of
Tender and the Tender Brief.

4 6 of these 18 parcels of conservation shophouses along Pagoda Street were
put up for public auction. The remaining 12 land parcels, including the
subject properties (No. 32 and No. 34), were put up for public tender for
leases to be granted to the successful tenders for 99 years upon completion of
the restoration works in accordance with the building agreement. The
defendants were the successful tenderers of No 32 and No. 34 Pagoda Street
("the Shophouses") and were awarded the tender on 22 August 1995. They signed
the building agreement ("the agreement") dated 20 November 1995. It can be
seen from the photograph in the Tender Brief that No. 34 Pagoda Street, was a
3-storey corner shophouse and that No. 32 Pago Street was an adjacent 2-storey
shophouse. The defendants agreed to restore those buildings in accordance with
the technical specifications. The intention was to restore them as far as
practicable to their pristine condition. In the event, the defendants invested
about $1 million for the restoration works.

5 Under the agreement the sale price for the said land was $3,080,000.00. The
First Schedule to the agreement specified the area of the Shophouses as _179.9
square metres_(which, as described in the contractual documents, will
hereinafter be referred to as "the scheduled area"). The provisional and
estimated nature of the scheduled area of 179.9 square metres for the
Shophouses is very clearly set out in the First Schedule to the Building
Agreement and it reads:

> > "All those pieces of land known as Lots 261pt and 262pt TS 6 and situated
> in the REPUBLIC OF SINGAPORE as delineated in red on the Plan annexed hereto
> and also marked as Parcel (422) and estimated to contain an area of 179.9
> square metres more or less subject to survey or resurvey, together with the
> building/buildings erected thereon known as No. 32 and 34 Pagoda Street."

6 Clause 9 of the agreement is central in this case and the entire clause is
reproduced below. It is also mirrored in clause 12 of the Conditions of
Tender. Clause 9 reads:

> > "(a) The land parcel is believed and shall be taken to be _correctly
> described "except as to its area_ which shall be subject to Government
> survey or resurvey." The land parcel is open to inspection and may be viewed
> by Tenderers on application.
>>

>> (b) If on completion of Government survey or resurvey, it is found that the
area of the land parcel ascertained by such survey or resurvey ("the surveyed
area") is either more than or less than the area mentioned in the _foregoing
Particulars ("the scheduled area")_ by more than 1% of the scheduled area,
there shall be a corresponding adjustment of the tendered sale price for the
land parcel (hereinafter referred to as "the said sale price") for the
difference between the scheduled area and the surveyed area at the rate the
successful Tenderer tendered for each square metre of the land parcel as
defined below in Condition 12 (e) hereof.

>>

>> (c) If on completion of Government survey or resurvey, it is found that the
_difference between the surveyed area and the scheduled area_ of the land
parcel is _not more than 1% of the scheduled area_ , there shall be no
adjustment of the said sale price for the difference between the surveyed area
and the scheduled area of the land parcel.

>>

>> (d) If Government survey or resurvey of the land parcel _is completed only
after the said sale price is paid in full to the Authority_ , any refund to be
made by the Authority as a result of an adjustment of the sale price shall be
made in one lump sum without any interest whatsoever and any amount of
additional sale price attributable to an adjustment of the said sale price
shall be paid in one lump sum without any interest whatsoever by the
successful Tenderer within fourteen (14) days of the date of the Authority’s
notice to such effect. In the event the successful Tenderer shall fail for
fourteen (14) days to comply with the Authority’s notice as aforesaid, the
Authority shall have the right and be entitled to treat the successful
Tenderer’s aforesaid failure as a breach of these present rights and remedies
under Condition 23 hereof or as an event of default which shall entitle the
Authority to exercise its rights and remedies set out in Clause 4(ii) of the
Building Agreement as the case may be.

>>

>> (e) The _rate_ the successful Tenderer tendered _for each square metre_ of
the land parcel abovementioned shall be the amount obtained by dividing the
said sale price with the scheduled area and rounded off to two decimal
points." (Italicised added).

7 On 20 November 1995 the defendants took possession of the Shophouses. They
commenced works on 23 August 1996 and the renovation works were duly and
timeously completed. The Government issued the 99 year Lease to the defendants
on 27 May 1997 and two days later the Registrar of Titles issued Certificate
of Title in which the area of the Shophouses was stated to be 187 square
metres**.**

8 Although legal completion of the agreement had taken place and the Lease was
issued, the Government title survey was not completed until the Chief Surveyor
had approved the title survey and the Certified Plan on 10 December 1998. On
19 December, 1998 the Chief Surveyor forwarded the title plans and the
Certificate of Title Plan to the Land Office and the Registrar of Titles.

9 To understand the disputes which have arisen in this case, I have to dwell
on the processes of a survey, the statutory regime governing it and what
happened in this particular survey of shophouses.

10 Mr Tan Kok Tiong, Head of Cadastral Survey (East) Section of the Land
Survey Department of the Singapore Land Authority provided the relevant
evidence. He began his services with the department in 1966. He was formerly
the Principal Technical Office of the Survey Department, Ministry of Law until
1 June 2001 when the department merged with three other departments to form
the Singapore Land Authority under the Act bearing its name with effect from 1
June 2001.

11 His evidence were substantially as follows. The conduct of cadastral
surveys (also previously known as title surveys) by registered surveyors are
under the purview of the Chief Surveyor pursuant to the provisions of the Land
Surveyors Act and Land Surveyors (Conduct of Cadastral Surveys) Rules. And
prior to March 2000, this was pursuant to the Land Surveyors Act and the Land
Surveyors (Conduct of Title Surveys) Rules.

12 The creation of a folio for land alienated by the State under the Land
Titles Act involves the conduct of cadastral surveys. The conduct of a
cadastral survey normally involves a 2-step survey process. The first step
requires the registered surveyor to prepare an assurance plan (also known as
an RT Plan) which, pursuant to the Land Surveyors Act, is a plan that shows
approximate boundaries or dimensions and areas for the purpose of identifying
land which has not been surveyed to the satisfaction of the Chief Surveyor but
is required to be surveyed under the provisions of any written law. As
explained by Mr Tan, this is a provisional plan. In this case, a preliminary
survey was carried out. Since there was a party wall and a new substation the
provisional plan had to be as close to the proposals as possible.

13 The second step requires a registered surveyor to carry out final title
survey and to prepare the Certified Plan. A registered surveyor has to carry
out survey field work on the ground. There will be planting of traverses,
picking up of boundary marks, refixing of old marks, planting of new marks,
checking of the party walls, buildings, encroachments and other details. These
field data are recorded in the official Field Book. Next, all field
observations and recordings are returned to the office of the registered
surveyor for checking and for computations. The aim is to make sure that the
survey circuit of the site closes well and that there has been full compliance
with the Land Surveyors (Conduct of Title Survey) Rules. In the computations
the boundaries of each Lot are set out and from them the final area of the Lot
is determined. From them, the registered surveyor produces the Certified Plan.

14 Both the RT Plan and the Certified Plan are prepared and submitted by the
registered surveyor to the Chief Surveyor for approval under s.34 of the Land
Surveyors Act.

15 The Chief Surveyor will inspect the RT Plan submitted by the registered
surveyor to ensure that the lot numbers of the parcels indicated on the RT
Plan correspond with the provisional lot numbers issued to the registered
surveyor, the provisional boundaries and areas of the lots are reflected on
the RT Plan and such related data are complete. The accuracy of the RT Plan
remains the responsibility of the registered surveyor. The boundaries,
dimensions and areas of the lots surveyed are still not conclusive at this
stage and are subject to final title survey.

16 Once the RT Plan is approved by the Chief Surveyor, copies of the RT Plan
will be forwarded to the Commissioner of Lands and the Registrar of Titles by
the Chief Surveyor. Where the boundaries and dimensions of the land are not
conclusive and are subject to final title survey, the Registrar of Titles
will, pursuant to s.16 of the Land Titles Act, enter a caution on the new
folio created for the land. This caution is subsequently lifted when the
boundaries and dimensions shown in the Certified Plan filed with the Chief
Surveyor have been approved as conclusive by the Chief Surveyor.

17 In the present case, on or about the 18 September 1995, the Chief Surveyor
received a Requisition for Survey No. 419/95 from the Commissioner of Lands in
respect of Parcels 1 to 18 of Conservation Shophouses at Pagoda Street.

18 Consequently, the Chief Surveyor wrote to inform the Director (Land
Administration), Urban Redevelopment Authority to engage a private registered
surveyor to conduct the title survey under the provisions of the Land
Surveyors Act.

19 On or about 4 July 1996, the Chief Surveyor informed the appointed
registered surveyor, Mr Tan Eng Fei of M/s EF Tan & Associates Consulting &
Registered Surveyors (the "said registered surveyor") of the allocation of
provisional lot numbers for Parcels 1 to 18 of the Conservation Shophouses at
Pagoda Street and requested him to submit the RT Plan immediately.

20 The said registered surveyor submitted his RT Plan on 1 August 1996.
However, due to some queries raised, he was required to redraw the RT Plan.

21 On or about 24 September 1996, the said registered surveyor was informed
that RT Plan 11811 submitted by him for Lots 425N to 446M, Town Subdivision 6
(the "subject lots") being the provisional lot numbers allocated for Parcels 1
to 18 of the Conservation Shophouses at Pagoda Street had been approved by the
Chief Surveyor on 23 September 1996. _The provisional area of Lot 444L (being
the lot number provisionally assigned to Land Parcel 18 of the Conservation
Shophouses at Pagoda Street) under the approved RT Plan was 187 square
metres._ The RT Plan also carried a note that the boundaries and areas shown
are provisional and subject to alteration on final survey.

22 On or about 8 October 1996, the Chief Surveyor forwarded copies of the
approved RT Plan to both the Commissioner of Lands and the Registrar of Titles
for them to issue the State leases and the Certificates of Titles respectively
for the subject lots. The Certificate of Title in respect of Lot 444L was
subsequently issued with a caution "The BOUNDARIES and DIMENSIONS of the
within land are inconclusive and are subject to survey" and the provisional
area indicated therein was 187 square metres.

23 On or about 5 December 1996, the said registered surveyor notified the
Chief Surveyor by letter that he would commence final title survey for the
subject lots on 10 December 1996.

24 Under s.35(1) of the Land Surveyors Act, a registered surveyor who prepares
and signs an assurance plan has to complete the final title survey within 6
months of the Chief Surveyor’s approval of the assurance plan. Under this
provision, however, the registered surveyor may apply for extension of time to
complete the title survey. The Chief Surveyor may in his discretion grant or
refuse extensions.

25 The said registered surveyor applied for extensions of time to complete the
title survey. The applications for extension of time were granted.

26 On or about 26 January 1998, the said registered surveyor submitted the
final title survey to the Chief Surveyor for approval but this was rejected on
or about 27 January 1998 on the grounds that the fees payable were not fully
paid and their calculations were incorrect. On or about 3 February 1998, the
said registered surveyor re-submitted the final title survey to the Chief
Surveyor. In the course of inspecting the final title survey submitted by the
said registered surveyor, various queries were raised by the Chief Surveyor.
The said registered surveyor attended to the queries raised and re-submitted
the final title survey on 6 November 1998.

27 The final title survey submitted in respect of the subject lots (as shown
on Certified Plan CP 31200) was finally approved by the Chief Surveyor on 10
December 1998.

28 Following this, on or about 19 December 1998, the Chief Surveyor forwarded
the title plans and Certificate of Title plans (both of which were reproduced
from the Certified Plan submitted by the said registered surveyor) to the
Commissioner of Lands and the Registrar of Titles.

29 The Registrar of Titles subsequently lifted the caution on the subject lots
and entered the area of 213.3 square metres on the Certificate of Title to Lot
444L.

30 On 18 October 1999 URA notified the defendants that the final surveyed area
is 213.3 square metres and that under clause 9 the sum payable was
$588,983.10. Although the sum was payable within 14 days, URA offered the
defendants payment of the same by 12 monthly instalments. The defendants in
reply stated that they were surprised by the increase of 18.6% . As this sum
was out with their budget, they offered to pay $250,000 in settlement. This
offer was not accepted. As no payment was made this action was commenced.

31 In these proceedings, counsel for the defendants raised 3 defences and a
submission about the defendants’ liability to pay the GST. I turn to them in
that order.

32 First, as a matter of interpretation of the phrase "Government survey or
resurvey" in clause 9(b) of the agreement refers only to one survey, namely
the Title Survey and not necessarily to the final survey. If this submission
is valid, then it must follow that the provisional area of 187 square metres
as highlighted in paragraph 21 of this judgment would apply. There would
therefore be no adjustment of the tendered sale price and the plaintiff’s
claims must fail. Counsel in support of his contention made the following
points. He asked the court to construe the phrase in a commercial setting, as
this was after all a commercial bargain. He submitted that the plaintiff is
seeking to add the word "final" to the phrase. That is wholly unnecessary. He
pointed out that this was a State alienation after the building agreement had
been complied with by the defendants. They were issued a Lease under section
11(2) of the State Lands Act, Cap 314. Counsel for the defendants further
pointed out that there were in fact two surveys, namely the assurance survey
and the final survey. The former usually would be completed by a registered
surveyor within 8 weeks and the latter within 6 months. He submitted that "for
all practical purposes there were two surveys to be done." The evidence I have
heard to the effect that there was one continuous survey, according to counsel
for the defendants, satisfies only the technical people. It had no commercial
meaning. He noted that section 35 of the Land Surveyors Act required a
registered surveyor who signs the assurance plan to go on inexorably and
complete the final survey. But that he submitted was no reason to incorporate
statutory provisions into the agreement to support the view that only the
final survey is meant. He submitted, by way of summary, that neither the
statutory regime governing surveys nor the provisions in the Land Titles Act
which regulate the issue of Certificates of Title have any bearing on the
meaning of the phrase "Government survey or resurvey".

33 I find myself, with respect, unable to accept these submissions. The basic
weakness running through all these submissions is the failure to look at the
text and context of the phrase in the entire agreement. The aim and purpose of
the entire clause is to ascertain the final and not any provisional area of
the Shophouses for the adjustment of the tendered sale price. It is made
abundantly clear that the scheduled area is an estimate. It is known to all,
and it was cautioned time and again, that the RT Plan only showed the
estimated area. In practice and under the Land Surveyors Act, the final area
is the one submitted by a professional registered surveyor and approved by the
Chief Surveyor whose statutory duty is to ensure the accuracy of the relevant
survey data. I am satisfied that the intention behind the phrase as expressed
in clause 9 is to ascertain the final area of the Shophouses for the purpose
of any upward or downward adjustment of the price. The provisional area stated
in the RT Plan is just as provisional as that stated in the planimetric plan
and it does not make any commercial sense for businessman to determine an
adjustment on what is essentially the same estimate. With respect to counsel
for the defendants, I have to say that there can only be a sensible
interpretation of the phrase in any context if reference is made to the Land
Surveyors Act and, on most occasions, to the Land Titles Act.

34 The next submission was that the defendants’ obligations to pay the
adjusted price was extinguished upon the registration of the transfer by
virtue of section 66 of the Land Titles Act. That section reads as follows:

> > "66. All obligations created by a contract for the sale of registered land
> shall, upon registration of the transfer giving effect to the contract, be
> deemed to have merged in that transfer unless express provision in writing
> is made to the contrary."

35 As pointed out by the State Counsel, section 66, which preserves the common
law rule on merger, is not an absolute rule. This has been held in _ACS
Computer Pte Ltd v Rubina Watch Co._ [1998] 1 SLR 72 which was approved by the
Court of Appeal in _Woon Wee Hao v Coastland Realty Pte Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR 885.
I agree with him that a convenient point for consideration would be the case
of _Knight Sugar Company Ltd v The Alberta Railway & Irrigation Company_
[1938] 1 All ER 266, 269E:

> > "But it is well settled that, where parties enter into an executory
> agreement which is to be carried out by a deed afterwards to be executed,
> the real completed contract is to be found in the deed…The most common
> instance, perhaps, of this merger is a contract for sale of land followed by
> a conveyance on completion. All the provisions of the contract which the
> parties intend should be performed by the conveyance are merged in the
> conveyance, and all rights of the purchaser in relation thereto are thereby
> satisfied. There may, no doubt, be provisions of the contract which, from
> their nature, or from the terms of the contract, survive after completion.
> An instance may be found in Palmer v Johnson, in which it was held that a
> purchaser could, after conveyance, rely upon a provision of the contract and
> obtain compensation. The foundation of this decision was that, upon the
> construction of the contract, the provision for compensation applied after
> completion. In other words, the parties did not intend it to be performed by
> the subsequent deed, and it was therefore not satisfied by, or merged in,
> that deed".

36 In the present case, the parties intended, upon the construction of the
agreement, that the adjustment of the sale price shall take place after the
final survey is carried out and the final area is determined and that the
adjustment shall take place even if the Lease and the Certificate of Title
with the caution are issued. The Certificate of title contained the caution to
the effect that the area stated in it was provisional and that instrument,
apart from stating that the area was provisional, did nothing else to
extinguish the rights of the parties under clause 9 of the agreement.

37 The third submission is the plea of time bar and the defendants rely on
section 6(1)(a) of the Limitation Act Cap. 163 which provides that an action
founded on a contract shall not be brought after the expiration of 6 years
from the date on which the cause of action accrued. Counsel for the defendants
submitted that the right of the plaintiff to make a claim for adjustment arose
at the date of the contract, i.e. on 22 August 1995 or soon thereafter. He
submitted that the plaintiff could have surveyed the site within a week or two
from that date. According to him, the action was therefore barred by mid-
September 2001, which was over two months before the writ in the present case
was filed on 7 November 2001. As noted earlier, the period for a final survey,
which has the two stages of the RT Plan survey and the final survey, can
straddle more than 6 months under the Land Surveyors Act. On that basis, the
defendants’ reliance on the plea of time bar has no prospects at all.

38 For the proposition that time began to run from the date of the contract on
22 August, 1995 counsel for the defendants rely on _Donaldson v Hemmant_
[1901] 11 Q.L.R. 35. In that case, there was a sale at an auction for certain
allotments of land which, prior to the sale, had been marked on the ground
with corner pegs bearing identifications and showing the position of the roads
laid out. The conditions of sale contained a provision for compensation for
errors in description or particulars. It appeared that the plan alleged to be
referred to in the sale note did not accurately delineate the allotments as
marked on the ground by the pegs. 9 years after the sale, but before the
transfer, the plaintiff in that case brought an action against the defendant
claiming rescission or damages on the ground of misdescription which resulted
in a deficiency in the area. But, not unexpectedly, the claim was held to be
time-barred because the vendor’s misdescription occurred at the time of the
sale. Therefore the cause of action arose from the date of the contract. In my
view, _Donaldson v Hemmant_ is of no authority for the proposition that in a
sale of land where compensation is sought time runs from the date of the
contract. The present case contemplates an adjustment in the price, either
upwards or downwards, and respectively in favour of the plaintiff or the
defendants, and if there is no payment or refund then there is a breach, which
would only thereupon give rise to a cause of action.

39 Finally, I turn the question whether the defendants are liable to pay the
GST. Under clause 25 (c) of the Conditions of Tender, the defendants agree
that they shall "forthwith pay on demand … whatever amount(s) of GST charged
or chargeable in relation to the lease of the land parcel … by the Authority
to the (defendants)". The defendants’ liability to pay is therefore clear
beyond argument.

40 Accordingly, there will be judgment for the plaintiff as claimed with
costs.

Sgd:

Lai Kew Chai

Judge

Singapore

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Sep 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

