Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Hock Keng v L and M Group Investments Ltd  
[2002] SGCA 22

Case Number | : | CA 600120/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 April 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC, Ajay Advani and Chan Wei Meng (Drew & Napier) for the appellant; Chia Chor Leong (Chia Chor Leong & Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tan Hock Keng — L and M Group Investments Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Rules of construction – Contractual obligation
to procure that company repays loans – Failure of company to repay – Whether
clause imposes obligation of guarantee – Context of clause and entire document
– Whether essential for word 'guarantee' to be in clause before guarantee
obligation can arise – Whether breach of obligation  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Agreements for sale and purchase of
shares – Limitation of liability clause – Whether extrinsic evidence
admissible to aid construction – Whether clause clear and unambiguous – s 94
proviso (f) Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – 'Procure'  
  

and gave judgment for Tan in the amount of $285,000.

In the same action, L&M made a counterclaim against Tan. This claim arose from
a prior L&M loan of some $5.5 million to KWF. Following default, L&M
counterclaimed against Tan in respect of two instalments of the loan totalling
$440,000. L&M argued that Tan had in clause 15.1 agreed to "procure that (KWF)
repays the inter-company loans" and this meant that he had "guaranteed" the
repayment of the $440,000. At trial, the judge found that under clause 15.1,
Tan had assumed an obligation which in effect guaranteed that KWF would repay
the inter-company loans. Tan was therefore liable to L&M for the same amount.

In the current proceedings, Tan appealed against the judge’s construction of
clause 16.1. On the counterclaim, Tan argues that just because he had agreed
to procure that KWF pay the instalments on the loans, this did not mean that
he assumed personal liability for its failure to meet its payment obligations.
At best, it was only an obligation on him to use his best endeavours to
persuade or induce KWF to repay the loans. In any case, even if he was in
breach, there was no evidence that his breach had caused L&M’s loss.

**

Held

**, allowing the appeal in part:

> (1) Interpreted as a whole, clause 16.1 is obscure and ambiguous. Unlike
> other clauses in the contract where the draftsman had deemed it fit to refer
> to clause 16.1, clause 14 did not make express reference to it. While clause
> 16.1 effectively restricted the rights of Tan, L&M was not subjected to the
> same restrictions. This was inconsistent with a sale based on NTA. The aim
> of clause 14 is to ensure that no party should obtain a windfall and clause
> 16.1 is probably intended to apply only to those provisions in the S&P
> agreement where only L&M had assumed obligations to Tan (see 18-22).
>
> (2) Generally, extrinsic evidence is inadmissible to construe a document
> unless the facts fall within any of the exceptions specified in s 94 of the
> Evidence Act (see 10-11). In view of the unclear nature of the scope and the
> precise restrictions contained in clause 16.1, the proviso in s 94(f) of the
> Evidence Act applies and extrinsic evidence is therefore admissible. Tan’s
> claim in the action is to be remitted for continued hearing before the judge
> (see 23 and 35).
>
> (3) The correct meaning of the word "procure" as it is used in clause 15.1
> depends not only on its context but also on the context of the entire
> document. It is a canon of construction that the same word used in a
> document should be given the same meaning throughout it; Re Birks [1900] 1
> Ch 417 (folld). Judging from the manner in which it is used in other clauses
> in the contract, "procure" cannot simply mean "to endeavour" or to "persuade
> or take steps". It is a definite obligation on the party for which the
> clause is directed (see 28-29).
>
> (4) In clause 15.1, Tan undertook to ensure that KWF will repay the inter-
> company loans. When KWF defaulted, Tan breached his obligation of "ensuring"
> or "seeing to it" that KWF repays the loan. As such, it was unnecessary to
> determine if this was an guarantee obligation of the second category
> mentioned by Lord Reid in Moschi v Lep Air Services Ltd & Ors [1973] AC 331
> or is only something akin to it. The fact that clause 15.1 had also
> contemplated that a guarantee be given by THK did not detract from the
> obligation of Tan and in the context, they are complementary. For Tan’s
> breach, L&M is entitled to damages (see 30-32).
>
> (5) If Tan had discharged his obligation of ensuring repayment of the loans,
> there would have been no loss and no claim by L&M. Because he has breached
> his obligation, the loss ensued. This, in turn, gave rise to a claim in
> damages quantified by the amount that KWF failed to repay (see 34).

**

Legislation referred to

**:

Evidence Act (Cap 97) s 94

**

Case(s) referred to

**:

Moschi v Lep Air Services Ltd & Ors [1973] AC 331 (folld)  
Re Birks [1900] 1 Ch 417 (folld)

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. This is an appeal which concerns the construction of certain clauses in
two Sale and Purchase (S&P) Agreements of shares in a company named Khai Wah-
Ferco Pte Ltd ("KWF"), where the appellant, Tan Hock Keng (‘Tan’) was the
buyer and L&M Group Investments Ltd (‘L&M’), the seller. **

  
The background

**

2\. KWF was wholly owned by L&M. On 3 October 1997, Tan entered into a S&P
Agreement to purchase from L&M 28,350 ordinary shares of KWF. By this
purchase, Tan would become 81% owner of KWF. Some two months later, on 2
December 1997, a second S&P Agreement was entered into between them whereby
Tan agreed to purchase the remaining shares (6,650) which L&M retained in KWF.
The second S&P Agreement essentially incorporated the main terms in the first
S&P Agreement. The completion date for both Agreements was 2 December 1997.
The effect of the two Agreements was that Tan would become the sole owner of
KWF.

3\. The purchase price paid by Tan for the shares in KWF was based on net
tangible assets (NTA), which was determined to be S$285,900. This valuation
was in turn founded on KWF’s unaudited accounts ended 30 September 1997. In
part because the valuation was based on unaudited accounts, the first S&P
Agreement in clause 14 provided that if a debt should, within a period of 12
months after it becomes due, be considered to be irrecoverable, or if credit
notes were given by KWF after 30 September 1997 for work done prior to that
date, the vendor (L&M) would pay the equivalent amounts to the buyer (Tan). We
should add that there were corresponding provisions in clause 14 favouring L&M
for similar events in the reverse situation. The problem that has arisen
concerns the question whether clause 16.1, which is a limitation provision,
applied to the amount or amounts which Tan is entitled to be paid under clause
14.

4\. As the issue is one of construction, it is necessary that we should, at
this juncture, set out the relevant provisions of clauses 14 and 16.1:-

_

Clause 14

_

(1) In the event that after Balance Sheet Date the Group Company recovers any
debt that has been written off from the Accounts of the Group Company, the
Purchaser shall within 14 days from the date of the Company’s receipt of the
debt pay an amount equivalent to 81% of the recovered debt to the Vendor.

(2) In the event that after Balance Sheet Date any debt of the Group Company
as stated in the Accounts have not been recovered within the 12 months from
the due date of the debt and in the unanimous opinion of the parties is
irrecoverable (such decision being made in good faith), the Vendor shall
within 14 days from the date of the unanimous decision of the parties pay an
amount equivalent to 81% of the irrecoverable debt to the Purchaser.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Purchaser shall, prior to the payment of
the irrecoverable debt and at the election of the Vendor, procure the
appointment of the Vendor as agent of the Group Company for the recovery of
the debt on the Group Company’s behalf.

(3) In the event that after Balance Sheet Date the Group Company issues a
credit note to its customer or supplier for work done prior to Balance Sheet
Date the Vendor shall within 14 days from the date of issuance of the credit
note pay an amount equivalent to 81% of the amount stated on the credit note
to the Purchaser.

(4) In the event that after Balance Sheet Date the Group Company receives a
credit note from its customer or supplier for work done prior to Balance Sheet
Date the Purchaser shall within 14 days from the date of issuance of the
credit note pay an amount equivalent to 81% of the amount stated in the credit
note to the Vendor.

(Note: (i) it would be appreciated that the amount payable to the other party
under these provisions were specified to be 81% because that was the
percentage of the shares involved under the first S&P Agreement. The second
S&P Agreement related to the remaining 19% of the shares. Therefore, under
both Agreements, the amount payable to the other party under these sub-clauses
would be 100%.)

> (ii) "Balance Sheet Date" is 30 September 1997.

> (iii) Sub-clauses (1) and (4) are in favour of the vendor L&M).

_

Clause 16.1

_

The parties hereby agree that the total liability of the Vendor for all claims
of any kind whether in contract, warranty, indemnity, tort, strict liability
or otherwise arising out of the performance or breach of the Agreement or any
of the terms herein shall not exceed the Consideration Sum as determined in
accordance with Clause 4.1, or shall not terminate prior to the expiry of
three (3) years from Completion Date, whichever occurs first.

5\. Tan’s claim in the action is for the sums of S$109,737.55 and
US$770,540.75, being the amounts due from L&M to him under clause 14 on
account of trade debts which had become irrecoverable within 12 months of
their due dates and credit notes issued after 30 September 1997 by KWF for
work done prior to 30 September 1997, less various sums owing by Tan to L&M.
In the course of the trial (during the cross-examination of Tan’s second
witness) counsel for L&M, Mr Chia Chor Leong, at the invitation of the court,
indicated that in order to save time and if the court were to rule that clause
16.1 had the effect of limiting L&M’s liability under clause 14 to only the
"consideration sum" specified in clause 16.1, which is S$285,000, then L&M
would be prepared to accept liability up to that sum. With this approach,
there would be no necessity to go into a tedious examination of the various
items of claim which made up the two sums claimed by Tan.

6\. The trial judge ruled that, on a proper construction of clauses 14 and
16.1, the limit of $285,000 prescribed in clause 16.1 applied to the claim of
Tan under clause 14. Following from that, the judge gave judgment to Tan for
only the amount of $285,000.

**

  
Counterclaim

**

7\. In the action, there was a counterclaim which L&M had made against Tan,
totalling $751,504.13. Included in this amount claimed was a sum of $440,000,
being two instalments of $220,000 each which were due from KWF to L&M in
respect of inter-company loans of some $5.5 million made by L&M to KWF and in
respect of which loans Tan agreed under the two S&P Agreements (clause 15.1)
that he would "procure that (KWF) repays the inter-company loans". The
remaining sum of $311,504.13 claimed by L&M was admitted by Tan.

8\. The issue on the counterclaim of $440,000 centred on what exactly was the
extent of Tan’s obligation under clause 15.1. The clause reads:-

The Purchaser shall procure that the Company repays the intercompany Loans as
free of interest over 12 instalments commencing on 15 April 1999 and on every
anniversary thereafter (the ‘repayment date’) at a principal sum of thirty
percent (30%) of the Company’s consolidated net profit after tax or
$220,000.00 per annum, whichever is the higher, and in any event on the
twelfth and final repayment date the Purchaser shall procure that the Company
shall repay all balance outstanding intercompany Loans to the Vendor in one
lump sum. In consideration of the Vendor agreeing to a repayment of the
intercompany Loans over 12 annual instalments, the Purchaser shall procure
that THK REALTY PTE LTD shall deliver to the Vendor the duly executed and
stamped Guarantee.

9\. The trial judge found that under this clause Tan had assumed an obligation
in effect to guarantee that KWF would repay the inter-company loans owing by
KWF to L&M. The fact that in clause 15.1 the word used was not "guarantee" but
"procure" did not make a difference as the word "procure" in essence meant
that Tan "undertook" or would "see to it" that KWF would repay the inter-
company loans and as KWF did not repay the instalments due in respect of the
loans, Tan was, therefore, in breach of that undertaking and should be liable
in damages, which in the circumstances would be the two instalment sums not
paid by KWF.

**

  
Construction of clauses 14 and 16

**

10\. We shall first examine the question of the construction of clauses 14 and
16.1. These two clauses have been set out in 4 above. It is clear law that
except where the situation falls within any of the exception specified in s 94
of the Evidence Act, no extrinsic evidence is admissible to construe a
document. One of the exceptions provided in s 94 is:-

(f) any fact may be proved which shows in what matter the language of a
document is related to existing facts.

11\. The trial judge held that this proviso has no application where the words
or phrases used in a clause are clear, as is the case here. Relying on _Sarkar
on Evidence (14 th Edition)_, he felt that proviso (f) would only come into
play when there is latent ambiguity in a document. He cited the following
passage (at p.1283) from the learned author:-

If the language employed is ambiguous and admits of a variety of meaning, the
6th proviso (i.e., our proviso [f]) can be invoked. The object of
admissibility of such evidence is to assist the court to get the real
intention of the parties and thereby overcome the difficulty caused by the
ambiguity.

12\. He held that clause 16.1 was very clear in its terms and thus no
extrinsic evidence was admissible to show that it was meant to have effect
only as a reference clause. The judge also dismissed two other arguments of
Tan, namely, (i) that clause 16.1 could have no application to clause 14
because the latter clause did not expressly refer to clause 16 and; (ii) that
clause 14 was repugnant to clause 16 and that the parties could not have
intended clause 16.1 to override clause 14.

13\. The primary question which we now must address is, is clause 16.1 clear
and unambiguous? It will be recalled that the clause has two limbs. The first
limb, which the judge found to be clear and unambiguous, reads:-

The parties hereby agree that the total liability of the Vendor for all claims
of any kind whether in contract, warranty, indemnity, tort, strict liability
or otherwise arising out of the performance or breach of the Agreement or any
of the terms herein shall not exceed the Consideration Sum as determined in
accordance with Clause 4.1,

14\. The judge, however, did not go into an examination of the second limb
which reads:-

or shall not terminate prior to the expiry of three (3) years from Completion
Date, whichever occurs first.

15\. Counsel for Tan submits that while the first limb may seem to be clear,
it cannot be said that the clause as a whole is clear. Indeed, counsel submits
that reading both limbs together, the clause is unclear and unintelligible.
Putting it at the lowest, the clause is ambiguous. The two limbs are linked by
the word "or". The first part seeks to limit Tan’s claim to $285,000. The
second limb purports to introduce, in a rather strange way, a different nature
of limitation based on time. We will examine the problems which are inherent
in the clause as a whole in a moment.

16\. Counsel for Tan submits that the clause is capable of being interpreted
in three different ways. First, it could mean that L&M’s liability to Tan is
limited to the consideration sum simpliciter. Secondly, it could mean that
where Tan makes a claim against L&M within 3 years from the completion date,
the respondent’s liability for such claims is limited to the consideration sum
but if the claim should arise after three years, L&M is no longer liable to
make any payment. Thirdly, where Tan’s claim against L&M arose within 3 years,
L&M is liable for the full amount of the claim, but if it arose after the
three years, L&M’s liability is limited to the consideration sum.

17\. On the other hand, counsel for L&M contends that while the clause is not
a model of good drafting, it is nevertheless reasonably clear, introducing two
limitation criteria, one based on quantum and the other on time and when so
viewed the clause means:-

(i) If the claim of Tan was made before the expiry of the three year period
and is less than the consideration sum, no limitation shall apply; but if this
claim should be more than the consideration sum then Tan would only be able to
claim $285,000;

(ii) If the claim of Tan was made after the expiry of the three year period,
then the claim will not be entertained, whatever be the amount of the claim.

18\. In our opinion, the clause is really quite obscure. It does not state
"what" shall not terminate. Is it "total liability" or "all claims"? What does
it mean to say that "total liability" "shall not terminate prior to the expiry
of three years"? While it makes a little more sense to say that all claims
"shall not terminate prior to the expiry of three years …" still it is
extremely awkward if the intention was that the claims should be made within
the period of three years. "Claims" do not terminate as such. The contract
could provide that a claim may not be made after the expiry of a specified
period; it does not terminate. A simple sentence like "No claims shall be met
after the expiry of three years" without linking this criteria to the first
limb would have achieved what was intended. Furthermore, in relation to the
expression "whichever occurs first", the word "occurs" can hardly be
appropriate to refer to a limitation based on quantum. We note that the judge
below felt that clause 16.1 is clear. But from 1 of his judgment we see that
he had only considered the first limb of that clause instead of the entire
clause. The entire clause is certainly obscure.

19\. It may well be, as asserted by L&M, that clause 16.1 was intended to
introduce a two-pronged limitation: one was based on quantum, and the other on
time. But the way the clause is structured does not sufficiently bear out the
sense contended; the two limbs simply do not sit well with each other. It
would probably have helped to substitute "or" with "and" and to delete
"whichever occurs first". Even with these amendments, it is not a happily
worded clause.

20\. We now refer to two other grounds advanced by Tan to contend that further
questions exist as to the scope of clause 16.1. The first is in relation to
clauses 6.1, 7.1, 10.1 and 10.2. These clauses impose certain obligations on
L&M, breaches of which would give rise to liabilities on the part of L&M.
These clauses are somewhat lengthy and we will only set out clause 6.1 as this
should be sufficient to appreciate the point which Tan seeks to make.

_

Clause 6.1

_

The (Respondent) hereby warrants and undertakes to and with the (Appellant)
and its successors in title and permitted assigns (with the intent that the
provisions of this Clause shall subject to Clause 16 continue to have full
force and effect notwithstanding completion):

> (a) that it is or will on completion be beneficially entitled to or is
> otherwise able to procure the transfer of the Shares to the [Appellant]
> and/or its nominees; and

> (b) that the Shares will on completion be free from all and any charges,
> items and other encumbrances whatsoever.

The said warranties and undertakings shall be separate and independent and
save as expressly provided in Clause 16 shall not be limited by anything in
this Agreement.

21\. As the wording of the first limb of clause 16.1 is so wide and would have
undoubtedly encompassed the liabilities arising under clause 6.1 (and clauses
7.1, 10.1 and 10.2 as well), yet in these latter clauses the draftsman deemed
it necessary to refer expressly to the limitation prescribed in clause 16.1.
That being the approach, if it was intended that the limitation in clause 16.1
should also apply to the payments which are required to be made by the parties
under clause 14, then the parties would have made express reference to clause
16.1. Yet, they did not do so.

22\. This brings us to the second ground. If clause 16.1 were to be construed
to be applicable to payments to be made under clause 14, it would have the
effect of putting a limit as to what Tan could ask L&M to pay him. But clause
16.1 only works one way, restricting the rights of Tan. There is no
corresponding restriction placed on what L&M could claim from Tan under clause
14. This does seem to be wholly inequitable, bearing in mind that the sale
transaction was based on net tangible asset and the provisions for adjustments
laid down in clause 14 was basically to achieve that objective: no party
should obtain a windfall in the events enumerated in clause 14. It is
difficult to imagine that the parties intended to bring about such a grossly
unfair result. The one-sided nature of clause 16.1 would certainly support
Tan’s contention that that clause was probably intended to apply only to those
provisions in the Agreement where only L&M had assumed obligations to Tan;
thus the need to place some restrictions on Tan’s rights.

23\. In the light of all the foregoing, we are of the opinion that the scope
and the precise restrictions contained in clause 16.1 are far from clear. This
is, therefore, an instance where the proviso in s 94(f) applies and extrinsic
evidence is admissible to assist in the determination of the true construction
of clause 16.1.

**

  
Liability under guarantee

**

24\. We now turn to consider L&M’s counterclaim based on clause 15.1. The
issue here is what is the nature of the obligations assumed by Tan under that
clause. Did he effectively undertake to fulfil the repayment obligation of KWF
in respect of the inter-company loans if KWF should fail to do so? Tan
criticises the determination of the judge on two fronts. First, it does not
follow that just because Tan agreed to procure that KWF pay the instalments on
the loans he has thereby assumed personal liability for the failure of KWF to
meet its payment obligations. What the clause imposed on Tan is at best only
an obligation to use his best endeavours to persuade or induce KWF to pay the
loans. Second, even if Tan is in breach of clause 15.1 there is no evidence
that his breach caused L&M’s loss, a question of causation.

25\. Tan submits that the judge was wrong to have relied on _Moschi v Lep Air
Services Ltd & Ors_ [1973] AC 331 to come to the conclusion that clause 15.1
imposed an obligation of guarantee on the part of Tan. He emphasised in
particular the fact that the operative clause in _Moschi_ was quite different
and it reads:-

"In further consideration of the above, Mr Moschi has personally guaranteed
the performance by Rolloswin Investments Limited of its obligation to make the
payments at the rate of 6,000 per week together with the final payment of
4,000 as hereinbefore set out so however that Mr Moschi’s total obligation
under this guarantee shall not exceed the total sum of 40,000 of which
approximately 3,820 has already been paid as aforesaid."

26\. The House of Lords found Mr Moschi liable for all the outstanding
instalments owing to the creditors. Some of the Law Lords also went into a
discussion of the nature of the obligation of a guarantee. Here, the most
pertinent were the observations of Lord Reid where he distinguished between
two types of guarantee obligations –

With regard to making good to the creditor payments of instalments by the
principal debtor there are at least two possible forms of agreement. A person
might undertake no more than if the principal debtor fails to make any
instalment he will pay it. That would be a conditional agreement. There would
then on the debtor’s failure arise an obligation to pay. If for any reason the
debtor ceased to have any obligation to pay the instalment on the due date
then he could not fail to pay it on that date. The condition attached to that
undertaking would never be purified and the subsidiary obligation would never
arise.

On the other hand, the guarantor’s obligation might be of a different kind. He
might undertake that the principal debtor will carry out his contract. Then if
at any time and if for any reason the principal debtor acts or fails to act as
required by his contract, he not only breaks his own contract but also puts
the guarantor in breach of his contract of guarantee. Then the creditor can
sue the guarantor, not for the unpaid instalment but for damages. His contract
being that the principal debtor would carry out the principal contract, the
damages payable by the guarantor must then be the loss suffered by the
creditor due to the principal debtor having failed to do what the guarantor
undertook he would do.

27\. The trial judge in our case seemed to equate the obligation assumed by
Tan in clause 15.1 to be of the second category enunciated by Lord Reid. But
Tan argues that the crux of the matter is that unlike _Moschi_ , where the
wording of the obligation was clear, and where Moschi undertook the obligation
of a guarantor, Tan has not assumed under clause 15.1 any guarantee
obligation, even of the second category enunciated by Lord Reid. The court
below failed to appreciate the difference in wording between clause 15.1 and
the clause in _Moschi_. The meaning and effect of a clause is a matter of
construction, depending on the words used. Tan contends that there must be
clear words to support before a clause may be construed to be a guarantee. The
word "procure" in clause 15.1 is not sufficient to imply such an obligation.
What the entire clause amounted to is just an obligation "to persuade or take
steps to induce KWF to meet its instalment payments."

28\. We note that one of the meanings given to the word "procure" in the
Shorter Oxford English Dictionary (3rd Edn) Vol II is "to induce, persuade".
But the other meanings given are "to bring about", "to cause", "to obtain" and
"to acquire". What is the correct meaning to give to the word "procure" in
clause 15.1 must depend not only in its context but also the context of the
entire document. We are unable to accept Tan’s contention that in the context
of clause 15.1 the word "procure" means only to "persuade or take steps". If
that was the intention, then the parties would have easily used the clearer
word "endeavour", or the expression "use his best endeavour". If the parties
had intended that there should be some flexibility in relation to the
obligation, they would have adopted a modified form of words as they had done
in clause 2.3 – "the parties shall use their respective _best endeavours to
procure_ the fulfilment …" In our judgment, the word "shall procure" in clause
15.1 means "shall cause a thing to be done", "shall ensure" or "shall bring
about". It is a definite obligation which is being assumed. While we agree
that "procure" in clause 15.1 does not mean that Tan undertakes to pay the
loans himself but it does mean that Tan undertakes to ensure that KWF would
repay and when KWF does not repay, Tan would have breached his obligation of
"ensuring" or "seeing to it" that KWF repay.

29\. There is another canon of construction which has to be borne in mind and
it is this: that the same word in a document should, as a rule, be given the
same meaning: see _Re Birks_ [1900] 1 Ch 417 The word "procure" appears not
only in clause 15.1 but in several other clauses. For example, clause 5.3
provides that on completion, L&M "shall procure the passing of board
resolutions of the company" and under clause 5.4 L&M "shall procure the
passing of board resolutions of each of the subsidiares." We do not think it
can be argued that in clauses 5.3 and 5.4 the word "procure" means to
endeavour. There can be no flexibility in relation to the obligations assumed
by L&M under those two clauses. The obligations must be fulfilled. The
obtaining of the necessary resolutions was fundamental to the entire
transaction. If the resolutions were not obtained, L&M would have been in
breach giving cause to Tan to rescind the contract. We do not see anything in
the context of clause 15.1 which demands that a meaning different from that
given in relation to clauses 5.3 and 5.4 should be given to the word "procure"
here.

30\. There is another aspect of clause 15.1 which is pertinent. There is a
second part to that clause which requires Tan to "procure that THK Realty Pte
Ltd shall deliver to (L&M) the duly executed and stamped guarantee". This
obligation imposed on Tan is significant as it reinforces the point that Tan
must ensure repayment of the loans so much so that he is required to obtain a
formal guarantee for repayment from an associated company. This obligation is
wholly inconsistent with the stand taken by Tan that what he was required to
do was only to endeavour. If Tan failed to obtain the guarantee of THK, he
would also be in breach of that term. The guarantee by THK was in fact
furnished. As Tan has failed to fulfil his contractual obligation to ensure
that KWF pay up the loans, he is in breach, giving rise to a claim in damages.
Here, the measure of damages which L&M suffers would have to be the sums which
KWF failed to repay.

31\. We recognise that unlike the clause in _Moschi_ , clause 15.1 does not
state that Tan would "guarantee" the repayment. But what was stated by Lord
Reid as to the two types of guarantee obligations was not dependent on the use
of the word "guarantee" in the relevant clause before a guarantee obligation
could arise. Lord Reid himself said (at p.345) that "there is no magic in the
word guarantee". Lord Diplock said in the same case (at p. 349):-

Whether any particular contractual promise is to be classified as a guarantee
so as to attract all or any of the legal consequences to which I have referred
depends upon the words in which the parties have expressed the promise. Even
the use of the word "guarantee" is not in itself conclusive …

32\. It is not essential that the word "guarantee" must be in the clause
before there can be a guarantee obligation. There is no magic formula. It is
the true nature of the obligation which is being assumed by the party or
parties which is critical. In clause 15.1, Tan has undertaken to procure that
KWF would repay the loans. He is obliged to see to it that KWF repay the
loans. He has, in effect, undertaken that KWF would repay. Whether this is a
guarantee obligation of the second category mentioned by Lord Reid or is only
something akin to that, we do not think there is any need for us to decide the
point. Suffice it to say that Tan has breached his obligation to ensure that
KWF repay the loans and for that breach he shall pay damages to L&M. The fact
that clasue 15.1 had also contemplated that a guarantee be given by THK does
not detract from the obligation of Tan. In the context, they are
complementary.

33\. In this regard, Tan argues that as the consideration for the transfer of
all the shares of KWF to him was only for $285,000, it is wholly unjust and
absurd that he should bear the burden of ensuring that KWF repay the $5.5
million inter-company loans. On first blush, this may seem a fair point. But
it is not so. The shares in KWF were sold to Tan on an NTA basis. That means
the loans owing by KWF to L&M would have been taken into account in
determining the final NTA price. The loans would have been subtracted to
arrive at the NTA price. So there would have been assets in KWF to repay the
loans. As Tan has become the sole owner of KWF, and KWF has come under his
sole control, it can hardly be said to be unjust to thrust upon him the burden
of ensuring that the loans are repaid and to require him to also obtain a
formal guarantee from another company of his, THK. Indeed it is wholly
consistent with the way the transaction was arranged that he should assume
that burden.

34\. The final argument raised by Tan is that of causation, namely, that his
breach was not the cause of L&M’s loss and he should not be made liable for
the loss. The short answer is this: if he had discharged his obligation of
ensuring repayment of the loans, there would have been no loss and no claim by
L&M. Because he has breached his obligation, the loss ensued. We do not see
how it can be said that his breach did not cause the loss.

**

  
Judgment

**

35\. In the premises, the appeal is allowed in part. Tan’s claim in the action
is remitted for continued hearing before Rajendran J.

36\. The judgment awarded on the counterclaim of L&M shall stand. However,
there shall be a stay of execution, pending the conclusion of the trial on
Tan’s claim.

37\. On the question of the costs of this appeal, as the appellant has
succeeded on one main point and failed on the other, we think a fair order in
these circumstances would be that each party shall bear his own costs. The
security for costs furnished for this appeal, together with any accrued
interest, shall be refunded to the appellant. As for the costs below, L&M
shall have the costs relating to the counterclaim. The costs of Tan’s
(plaintiff’s) action shall be in the trial which we now direct should
continue.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW  
CHIEF JUSTICE

Sgd:

CHAO HICK TIN  
JUDGE OF APPEAL

Sgd:

TAN LEE MENG  
JUDGE

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Apr 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

