Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa and Others  
[2002] SGHC 80

Case Number | : | OS 939/1991, SIC 600537/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 April 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kannan Ramesh and Christina Choo (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for thef first defendant and third party; Arul Chandran and Ooi Oon Tat (C Arul & Partners) for the second defendant; Devinder K Rai (Acies Law Corp) for the third and fourth defendants   
Parties | : |  Ong Jane Rebecca — Lim Lie Hoa   
  
Legal Profession – Discharge of counsel – Application to be discharged as
solicitors – Application following assertions by another solicitor of conflict
of interests – Whether solicitors can take neutral position as to whether they
should continue to act – Role of court – Whether application should be allowed  
  

(Inquiry pursuant to Judgment dated 16 July 1996)

**Citation:** | **OS No 939 of 1991**  
---|---  
**Jurisdiction:** | **Singapore**  
**Date:** | **2002:04:23  
2002:04:19; 2002:04:12; 2002:04:11**  
**Court:** | **High Court**  
**Coram:** | **Choo Han Teck, JC**  
**Counsel:** | **Plaintiff in person**  
| **Kannan Ramesh and Christina Choo _(Tan Kok Quan Partnership)_ for the
First Defendant & Third Party  
Arul Chandran and Ooi Oon Tat _(C. Arul & Partners)_ for the Second Defendant  
Devinder K Rai _(Acies Law Corporation)_ for the Third & Fourth Defendant**  
  
_**HEADNOTES**_** __**

Legal Profession – solicitors cannot take a neutral position where allegations
made by other solicitor of conflict of interest – the court can only make a
ruling of conflict of interest after a full inquiry and not in proceedings for
the discharge of a solicitor****

Facts

This was an application by Tan Kok Quan Partnership to be discharged from
acting as solicitors for the first defendant. The application followed a
letter from solicitor for the second defendant taking the view that Tan Kok
Quan Partnership, having acted as co-administrator for the first defendant’s
late husband’s estate, may be in breach of rule 29 of the Legal Profession
(Professional Conduct) Rules. At the resumed hearing, the applicant submitted
that although he disputes the allegations of conflict of interests, his firm
could not, in the meantime, continue to act without a resolution of the
allegations.

**

Held

**:

A solicitor is entitled to caution his counterpart when he believes that a
conflict of interest situation looms in the distance. Whether or not the
solicitor concerned agrees with that perception, he must decide whether he is
comfortable in continuing so to act. If he decides to continue acting for the
client he must be prepared to justify his conduct if necessary. The question
as to whether he is right or not may only be determined after a full inquiry;
but this court, at this juncture, is not the proper forum to conduct such an
inquiry. Following the applicant firm’s statement that the firm could not
continue to act without a resolution of the allegations, the application was
allowed.

**Judgment  
(Application for Discharge)**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. This was an application by Tan Kok Quan Partnership as solicitors for the
first defendant (Lim Lie Hoa) for an order declaring that Tan Kok Quan
Partnership has ceased acting for the first defendant, and for the provision
of costs although the prayer ought more accurately be for leave to be
discharged as solicitors for the first defendant. The application was taken
out on 8 April 2002. From the outset, it was a most peculiar application, but
I shall have to set out the background leading to the application for a better
understanding as to why that is so. The plaintiff is unrepresented in these,
as well as the previous proceedings. The second defendant is now represented
by Mr. Arul Chandran while the new parties, the third and fourth defendants
are represented by Mr. Devinder Rai.

2\. In 1991 the plaintiff (Jane Rebecca Ong) sued Lim Lie Hoa and the second
defendant (Ong Siauw Tjoan) in this action, that is, Originating Summons 939
of 1991\. Ong Siau Tjoan was her estranged husband, and Lim Lie Hoa her
mother-in-law (Ong Siau Tjoan's mother). The assets (generally believed to be
substantial - declared at one point to be $5,117,269 - by the parties
concerned) of Lim Lie Hoa's deceased husband (Ong Seng King) lie at the heart
of the dispute because Jane Rebecca Ong claimed that her rights to matrimonial
assets included her husband's share in his father's estate. At all material
times, Lim Lie Hoa and Ong Siauw Tjoan were the administrators of the said
estate. Matters proved far more complicated than it appeared. The first
defendant was clearly and, it seems, intractably antagonistic towards the
plaintiff and all that she proposed or said. Wavering between his wife and
mother, the second defendant agreed to, and did, execute a deed of assignment
of half his share of his father's estate to the plaintiff. However, he
subsequently executed a deed of release in favour of the estate. In the deed
of release he accepted that he had already taken and enjoyed what was, as he
described in a letter he wrote, his "fair share" of the assets of the estate.

3\. This Originating Summons was taken out by the plaintiff for a court
declaration that the deed of release was void and unenforceable, and for an
order for an inquiry into the estate of Ong Seng King so as to determine its
true assets. At the end of the trial in 1996, Justice Chao Hick Tin granted
the plaintiffs the orders sought. Consequently, the parties began to set in
motion the steps necessary for the inquiry into the assets of the estate and
the plaintiff's share of it. The inquiry proper has not commenced but the
parties have been busy with various ancillary proceedings such as the joinder
of the third and fourth defendants as parties, naming the first defendant as a
third party, applications for interim payments, mareva injunctions, and now,
this application for an order that the solicitors for the first defendant to
cease acting for her.

4\. The grounds of the application are set out in the affidavit of Choo Chen
Chen, a solicitor of Tan Kok Quan Partnership. The affidavit drew reference to
a letter of 4 April 2002 by C Arul & Partners the current solicitors for the
second defendant addressed to the first defendant's solicitors. The letter
reminded the firm that Tan Kok Quan SC, who is the principal partner in Tan
Kok Quan Partnership, was a partner in the firm of Lee & Lee which acted for
the estate of Ong Seng King. Consequently, the writer of this letter takes the
view that Tan Kok Quan Partnership cannot now act for the first defendant in
the current proceedings against the second defendant because the latter was a
co-administrator of Ong Seng King's estate since that will require the firm to
act against one of its former clients, and be thus in breach of r 29 of the
Legal Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (the Rules). Secondly, as the
assets of the estate are being questioned, Tan Kok Quan SC may have to give
evidence himself, and on that account, he will be in breach of r 31 of the
Rules. Tan Kok Quan Partnership then wrote to the first defendant by telefax
dated 5 April stating that in view of the second defendant's objections it
would be prudent for the firm to cease acting for her. The first defendant
sent a curt reply stating: "I do not wish to discharge M/s Tan Kok Quan
Partnership."

5\. Mr. Ramesh, from Tan Kok Quan Partnership, making the application on
behalf of his firm expressed the opinion of his firm that they do not think
that there is any merit in Arul Chandran's assertions of conflict of
interests. He initially took the view that the firm was "neutral" on the
question posed in this application as to whether or not they should continue
to act for the first defendant and decided to leave it to the court to make
whatever order it deems fit. He added that the first defendant does not wish
to discharge them. He then asked for the matter to be stood down so that the
first defendant could appear in person or engage an independent solicitor to
advise her on this matter of discharging her present solicitors. Before
adjourning I indicated to counsel that in such circumstances the applicant
(the solicitors) cannot take a neutral position. When the hearing resumed on
19 April Mr. Ramesh retracted from his neutral position and submitted that
although he disputes the allegations of conflict of interests, his firm
cannot, in the meantime, continue to act without a resolution of the
allegations. In the circumstances, I granted an order in terms of their
application and the proceedings were explained to the first defendant who
asked for, and was given, one month to engage another firm of solicitors to
take over her case. I now give my reasons.

6\. I am mindful of the history of the personal relationship of the parties in
this action is steeped in acrimony and shall hope to be alert against any
creeping shadow of mischief from the parties. There are already several
pending applications that seems to me to be steps in the wrong direction. Some
of them may be necessary, but they must be dealt with swiftly by all concerned
because everyone must focus on proceeding as expeditiously as possible to get
the inquiry underway. One of the abovementioned applications is this
application by Tan Kok Quan Partnership to be discharged as solicitors for the
first defendant. The application was precipitated by the letter from Arul
Chandran that I had referred to above. A solicitor is entitled to caution his
counterpart when he believes that a conflict of interest situation looms in
the distance, if it was not already upon the other. The solicitor concerned
may or may not agree with that perception. But he must decide whether he is
comfortable in continuing so to act. If he decides to continue acting for the
client he must be prepared to justify his conduct if necessary. The question
as to whether he is right or not may only be determined after a full inquiry;
but this court, at this juncture, is not the proper forum to conduct such an
inquiry. The judge in any proceedings before him, sits as an adjudicator, not
as an advisor. That is why I indicated to Mr. Ramesh that he cannot take a
neutral position in the circumstances. He must decide whether he can continue
to act for the first defendant. If he believes so he ought to withdraw his
firm's application. If he does not feel that he or his firm can continue under
the circumstances, it will only be fair to allow the application, and not
compel him or his firm to carry on under the threat of disciplinary or other
proceedings against them. But the court cannot make that election on the
firm's behalf. Neither can it declare the propriety or otherwise of the firm
should they decide to carry on because a declaration of this nature can only
be made, as I have said, after a full inquiry into a specific complaint. It is
not the function of this court to usurp the role an inquiry or disciplinary
committee who would ordinarily be the appropriate body to determine questions
of the kind that have arisen here.

7\. In view of Mr. Ramesh’s statement that his firm cannot continue to act in
the face of the assertions being made against them, I granted Tan Kok Quan
Partnership the discharge prayed for.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Apr 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

