Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Thyssen Hunnebeck Singapore Pte Ltd v TTJ Civil Engineering Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGHC 247

Case Number | : | Suit No 766 of 2001, RA No 259 of 2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 October 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mark Lim (Wong & Leow LLC) for the plaintiffs; Christopher Goh (Ang & Partners) for the defendants   
Parties | : | —  
  
Civil Procedure – Discovery of documents – Test for relevancy  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. This was an appeal against an assistant registrar's decision refusing the
plaintiff's application for discovery of various documents. The defendants
were at all material times a scaffolding sub-contractor who were involved in a
major building project, namely a depot for the Mass Rapid Transport system's
North-East line. Hyundai Engineering And Construction Ltd were the main
contractors. The plaintiffs were suppliers of scaffoldings who contracted to
supply the defendants with scaffoldings.

2\. The plaintiffs supplied scaffoldings pursuant to their contract with the
defendants. There is no dispute concerning this supply. However, by virtue of
cl 2.3 of the contract, the plaintiffs were obliged to supply further
quantities at no cost to the defendants if a request was made by them under
the clause in question. Clause 2.3 sets out as follows:

> > "The Buyer and Seller have agreed to the supply of additional formwork
> equipment [the scaffolding] on loan without rental charges (refer to On Loan
> Terms and Conditions Appendix E) in the event acceleration of the project is
> required with the Buyer giving the Seller four weeks advance written
> delivery notice. For the additional formwork coverage, the Seller will
> supply the standard equipment (refer to Appendix B, C and D) and other
> equipment i.e. plywood (for decking only) to be supplied by the Buyer."

One of the issues in dispute between the parties is whether the defendants
were obliged to pay for the additional scaffolding. The plaintiffs aver that
their invoices for the additional scaffoldings had been used as the basis upon
which the defendants made a claim from the main contractors. It is not
relevant to consider the merits of the claim and defence as that was not in
issue here or below, save that Mr. Goh, counsel for the defendants, argued
that the documents sought to be discovered have nothing to do with the claim.
He submitted that the documents, including invoices between the sub-contractor
(plaintiffs) and the main contractors are irrelevant to the trial.

3\. Mr. Lim, counsel for the plaintiffs submitted that there are three reasons
why the documents sought are relevant. First, he says that the correspondence
and invoices may shed light as to whether the request for additional formwork
was indeed made pursuant to cl 2.3. It will be recalled that under that
clause, the request appears to be predicated on the basis that work was
accelerated. Whether that is indeed so is, of course, a matter for the trial
judge to decide, but at this stage, it seems to me that the documents may have
some connection with the issue.

4\. Secondly, Mr. Lim submitted that if the documents and invoices reveal that
the defendants had claimed against the main contractors for the formwork then
they may be estopped from denying that plaintiffs are entitled to be paid for
supplying the scaffolding. This argument is premised on the event that cl 2.3
does not apply and that the defendants are liable to pay on other grounds. I
am not persuaded by any argument at the moment that this ground is entirely
lacking in merit. The test I apply is whether the documents requested may
contain information relevant to the plaintiffs' case. In my view, I think they
do.

5\. Thirdly, Mr. Lim submitted that the plaintiffs have an alternative claim
in _quantum meruit_. The documents requested may contain information to show
that the defendants had received a benefit in circumstances that it would be
unjust for them to retain that benefit without paying the plaintiffs. The
documents sought are documents in connection with the work done by the
defendants for the main contractor for which the formwork was provided by the
plaintiffs. In a case such as this where the contract between the plaintiffs
and the defendants is virtually a back-to-back contract in part, if not wholly
so, with a third party, and evidence necessary to support the plaintiffs' case
may reasonably be found in documents passing between the defendants and the
third party, then those documents are discoverable. I accept that in some
cases the line between a reasonable possibility of finding such information
and a fishing expedition is a fine one. Hence, it case must be considered on
its own merits. It will be borne in mind that should it subsequently transpire
that no relevant information was in fact found in the documents disclosed does
not, in itself, mean that the request was a fishing expedition - a term that
used to serve well, but has recently been showing signs of abuse. It must be
remembered that the right and entitlement of the party concerned is to know
and inspect the documents in the hands of the other. The relevancy of the
connection of the documents to the claim, is a broader form of relevancy than
the relevancy of documents for the purposes of admitting them into evidence at
trial. If that is thought to be a "fishing expedition" then it is time to
examine more closely what that term means.

6\. In my view, I would hold that a "fishing expedition" in the context of
discovery refers to the aimless trawling of an unlimited sea. Where, on the
other hand, the party concerned knows a specific and identifiable spot into
which he wishes to drop a line (or two), I would not regard that as a "fishing
expedition". But I would myself prefer to approach such applications strictly
on the basis of the broader relevancy test. That has the advantage of training
one's focus directly on the matter at hand, and avoiding the distractions
inherent in analogies - even one that has become a term of art, the "fishing
expedition", for example. My use of the phrase "broader relevancy test"
probably requires no explanation in the context so far. However, some
explanation is necessary to avoid any confusion by reason of the Court of
Appeal judgment in _Tan Chin Seng v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR
345, 350 which counsel for the defendants, Mr. Goh relied on in his effort to
persuade me that documents are no longer discoverable unless they are shown to
be relevant in relation to the pleadings.

7\. _Tan Chin Seng_ is an important case because it restricts the full ambit
of the position enunciated by Brett LJ in _Compagnie Financiere et Commerciale
du Pacifique v Peruvian Guano Co_ (1882) 11 QB 55, 62 which was to become the
classic exposition of the old rules of court when it held that a document is
relevant and discoverable if it will enable the party seeking discovery to
either advance his own case or damage that of his adversary. Brett LJ then
went on to say that a document would be discoverable in this sense "if it is a
document which may fairly lead him to a train of inquiry, which may have
either of these two consequences". In _Tan Chin Seng_ the Court of Appeal
approved the proposition (in Pinsler's Supreme Court Practice) that 'a
document is no longer discoverable merely because there is some connection
(irrespective of the nature of the link) between it and the issue in the
case'. The Court, however, issued the reminder that although discovery under
the concept of "train of inquiry" is no longer applicable under a general
discovery order, it is still applicable where discovery for specific documents
under O 24 r 5 are concerned. What is a specific document within the meaning
of this rule is a question of fact. In some cases, it is conceivable that a
request for "all the documents relating to this project" may be regarded as
sufficiently specific although in most cases it would not. Conversely, it is
conceivable that in some cases, a request for "all the invoices relating to
this project" may be sufficiently specific and in some cases, not so. The
judgment in _Tan Chin Seng_ concluded on the law relating to discovery with
the statement that cases decided under the previous rules are not necessarily
inapplicable. One of the essential conditions to warrant an order for
discovery is still the proof of relevancy. The rest of the judgment dealt with
the facts of that case.

8\. For the above reasons I allowed the plaintiffs' appeal and granted an
order for discovery of the documents relating to the scaffolding contract
between the main contractor and the defendants, including all invoices
pertaining to it. However, I disallowed the application for discovery of
documents between the defendants and the main contractor's related company.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Oct 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

