Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Koh Ewe Chee v Koh Hua Leong and Another  
[2002] SGHC 100

Case Number | : | OS 533/2000, SIC 600395/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 May 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gopinath Pillai and Tan Siu-Lin (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff; Lim Khoon (Lim Hua Yong & Co) and R Chandra Mohan (Rajah & Tann) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Koh Ewe Chee — Koh Hua Leong; Anor   
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – 'Liberty to apply' order – Nature and
scope of order – Order appointing receivers and managers over partnership –
Whether plaintiff can apply for declaration that firm was sole proprietorship
pursuant to such order  
  

Civil Procedure — Judgments and orders — Order of court — Whether further
order that firm is a sole proprietorship fell within scope of ‘liberty to
apply’ order

**

Facts

**

The plaintiff and the two defendants are brothers. In 1965, the father of the
parties founded Sin Wah Seng, a partnership firm ("the firm"). When he died in
1979, the running of the firm was passed on to the parties. Following
disagreements, the defendants applied in December 1999 for an order to
dissolve the firm and appoint receivers and managers over its assets and
liabilities. This was discontinued after they served a notice of dissolution
of the partnership on 11 February 2000. On 7 April 2000, the plaintiff applied
to appoint two named receivers and managers to realise the partnership
properties. On 7 June 2000, TQ Lim JC ("Lim JC") granted the plaintiff’s
application.

Subsequently, as a result of the alleged inability of the receivers to
determine the shares of the partners in six of the seven properties, the
plaintiff applied by way of a summons-in-chambers pursuant to Lim JC’s
"liberty to apply" order for an order that the court declare that the firm is
a sole proprietorship. As its sole proprietor, he claimed that he was entitled
to ownership over all the properties against the claims of the defendants. In
addition, he also prayed for an order to discharge the receivers, and for a
declaratory order that the defendants were holding on resulting trust the
seven pieces of property, and that they be ordered to transfer title to him.

**

Held

**, dismissing the application:

(1) The "liberty to apply" order is a judicial device intended to supplement
the main orders in form and convenience only so that the main orders may be
carried out; Cristel v Cristel [1951] 2 KB 725 (folld). Within its ambit,
errors and omissions which do not affect the substance of the main orders may
be corrected or augmented, but nothing must be done to vary or change the
nature or substance of the main orders. The variation of orders is governed by
other rules. What amounts to a variation depends on the context of the
individual case. Even if parties apply by consent to vary the original order
under a "liberty to apply" order, where substantial changes are made to the
original order or main orders, the proper mode and procedure must be adopted
(see 4, 5).

(2) In the proceedings leading to Lim JC’s order, the plaintiff had used
unequivocal language in the documents and proceeded before Lim JC on the basis
that the firm was a partnership. Notwithstanding his present contentions with
some of the facts, the matters deposed in his March affidavit contained
matters which he knew or ought to have known before the application to Lim JC
was made. The plaintiff could not now assert that the firm was in fact a sole
proprietorship. In any case, a "liberty to apply" order was not the right
avenue to proceed on and the orders sought were not minor improvements (see
6).

(3) On the prayer to discharge the receivers, it was noted that no affidavit
was received from the receivers and managers stating the problems, if any,
that require correction by adjudication. In any case, the ambit of their work
was to realise only the partnership properties and if there was any doubt as
to whether property belonged to the partnership, they should seek legal
advice. However, the properties in question have been in existence for years
and were not unknown to the parties. In fact, it was incomprehensible that the
parties did not think that the ownership of these properties would be an issue
when the orders of Lim JC were sought. In any case, the current application
under a "liberty to apply" order was not the appropriate forum to unravel
these disputes (see 7).

**

Case(s) referred to

**

Cristel v Cristel [1951] 2 KB 725, [1951] 2 All ER 574 (folld)  
Bairstow and Ors v Queen’s Moat Houses plc, 19 Sept 1997 (unreported) (refd)  
Tan Yeow Khoon & Anorv Tan Yeow Tat (No. 2) [2000] 3 SLR 323 (refd)

**Judgment**

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

1\. This is an application by the plaintiff who is the brother of the two
defendants. The undisputed facts from the Originating Summons and supporting
affidavits appear to be as follows (the word ‘appear’ is a necessary
description because of the curious nature of this application). The parties
were partners in a partnership firm known as Sin Wah Seng. This firm was
founded in 1965 by Mr. Koh Sim, the father of the parties. The principal
business of the firm was that of a hardware retailer. Mr. Koh Sim died in 1979
and his three sons carried on the business as the remaining partners.
Disagreements arose between the plaintiff and his two brothers and the
plaintiff’s two brothers applied by way of an Originating Summons (Originating
Summons No. 1930 of 1999) in December 1999 for a court order to dissolve the
partnership and the appointment of receivers and managers over its assets and
liabilities. Shortly thereafter, on 11 February 2000, the defendants served a
notice of dissolution of the partnership on the plaintiff and followed that by
an application to amend Originating Summons No. 1930 of 1999 by the addition
of a fresh prayer for a declaration that the firm was dissolved on 11 February
2000. However, when this application came up for hearing, the defendants (the
plaintiffs in Originating Summons No. 1930 of 1999) withdrew their application
and filed a notice of discontinuance of Originating Summons No. 1930 of 1999
on 6 April 2000. On the next day, 7 April 2000, the plaintiff filed this
Originating Summons praying for an order appointing Mr. Timothy Reid and Mr.
Chan Kek Teck as receivers and managers of the partnership. The application
was granted by Judicial Commissioner TQ Lim on 7 June 2000.

2\. The plaintiff now applies by way of a summons-in-chambers for various
orders including an order declaring that the firm (Sin Wah Seng) was a sole
proprietorship and that the plaintiff was the sole proprietor. It also prayed
for an order discharging the receivers and managers, but more substantially,
for orders declaring seven pieces of property to be held in resulting trust by
the defendants for the plaintiff and that they be made to transfer the legal
title over these properties to the plaintiff. Mr. Pillai appearing for the
plaintiff stated that this present application is made under the "liberty to
apply" order of JC Lim of 7 June 2000. From the facts that I have stated above
this application before me seems to be most unusual. But I must delve further
into the details because they are material to my decision. First, the
plaintiff's prayers in this Originating Summons were made on his assumption
that the entity in which he wishes to have the court appoint receivers and
managers over was a partnership. Furthermore, he filed a supporting affidavit
to this Originating Summons on 15 April 2000 and in 2 of that affidavit he
emphatically affirmed as follows: "I am one of the three partners and manager
of the former partnership known as Sin Wah Seng. The other two partners are my
brothers Koh Hua Leong and Koh Yew Huat." He went on to give a brief history
of the partnership (as he called it). In 3 of the same affidavit he accepted
that "the partnership was dissolved on 11 February 2000 when both [the
defendants] served upon me their respective notice setting forth their
explicit intention to dissolve the partnership". He continued in the next
paragraph to say that he had been advised that pursuant to s 32(1)(c) of the
Partnership Act, Ch 391 the partnership is deemed to be dissolved. This was
the deposition that the plaintiff himself relied upon for a court order
appointing receivers and managers over _the partnership_ (his phrase).

3\. The two defendants filed a joint affidavit which did not challenge the
facts although they challenged the appointment of Reid and Chan as the
proposed receivers and managers. The defendants, however, made a serious
allegation against the plaintiff in their affidavit. They say that the firm's
records as well as the report of an accountant commissioned to review the
records, show that the plaintiff, who was managing the partnership by himself
at all material times, had purchased and registered various properties in his
own name. This affidavit was filed on 12 May 2000. The plaintiff responded
merely by amending the Originating Summons on 1 June 2000 to the effect that
the receivers and managers be ordered to sell the partnership properties by
auction, private contract, or tender as they may think fit. No further
affidavit was filed and on 7 June 2000 JC TQ Lim made his orders. It was not
recorded as a consent order but the record shows that no resistance was put up
by the defendants. I think it fair to conclude that had the plaintiff asserted
that he was the sole proprietor of Sin Wah Seng the defendants would
undoubtedly have protested as that was not the case they were supposed to
meet. In the event, costs of the action was ordered against the defendants in
these terms: "The costs of this application be fixed at $1,500 to be paid by
the defendants to the plaintiff on the footing that the costs is to be an
expense of the partnership advanced by the defendants".

4\. The matter appeared to have ended there but for the alleged inability of
the receivers to determine the shares of the partners in six of the seven
properties. Arising from the impasse, the plaintiff made this application with
the view of having the court declare that he was the sole proprietor of the
firm. The idea was obviously to assert ownership over all the properties in
their entirety against the claims of the defendants. It is important at this
point to examine the correctness of the approach taken by the plaintiff,
namely, to plead the present prayers by means of a summons-in-chambers under
the cover of the "liberty to apply" order. Notwithstanding the English
authority of reasonably longstanding, that is, _Christel v Christel_ [1951] 2
KB 725 and the more recent affirmation of the judicial statement therein by
the High Court in England in _Bairstow and Ors v Queen's Moat Houses plc_ , 19
Sep 1997 (unreported) and here in _Tan Yeow Khoon and Anor v Tan Yeow Tat and
Anor_ (No. 2) [2000] 3 SLR 323, the "liberty to apply" order seems to remain
poorly understood. The important statement of Somervell LJ in the _Christel_
case was, "… _prima facie_ the words ‘liberty to apply’ refer, in my opinion,
to the working out of the actual terms of the order". Or, as Denning LJ in the
same case said, "It can only do what is necessary to carry the agreement into
effect". The issue in the _Christel_ case arose in this way. A consent order
permitted the husband to possession of the matrimonial house then occupied by
his wife and children as soon as he has provided an alternative house or
bungalow. The husband procured a flat instead and then asked to vary the
consent order under the "liberty to apply" order so as to add the words "or
flat" after "house or bungalow" in the main order. The Court of Appeal was of
the opinion that the consent order cannot be varied under a "liberty to apply"
order.

5\. In my view, the "liberty to apply" order, which is really, a judicial
device not dissimilar to its procedural cousin the "slip rule", is intended to
supplement the main orders in form and convenience only so that the main
orders may be carried out. To this end, errors and omissions that do not
affect the substance of the main orders may be corrected or augmented, but
nothing must be done to vary or change the nature or substance of the main
orders because the variation of orders are governed by other rules, depending
on the context of the individual case. For example, in a matrimonial matter,
the court may have no power to vary unless there is a change of circumstances,
or if it was made with the consent of the other party. It is true that
sometimes solicitors may be confused as to the ambit of a "liberty to apply"
order. There are, in my view, two main reasons for this. First, as I have just
said, what amounts to a supplemental order to give effect to the main orders
can only be appreciated in the context of the individual case. Thus, what
appears to be a further order to give effect to the original order in one case
may appear as a variation in a different context. Secondly, parties often, by
consent, apply for a variation of the original order under a "liberty to
apply" order. But where substantial changes are intended to be made to the
original or main orders the proper mode and procedure must be adopted. An
application under a "liberty to apply" order is, therefore, not the way. This
present case before me is a clear example of why that is so.

6\. Here, an application was made by the plaintiff just over two years ago to
appoint receivers and managers over an entity which he regards as a
partnership in which he asserted that the defendants were the other partners.
He also asked for an order that the receivers and managers be authorised to
realise, sell or otherwise dispose of the partnership properties. His prayers
were granted. Now, he says that what was declared by him, and accepted by the
other parties and the court to be a partnership, was in fact a sole
proprietorship. His case before me hinges on two premises. First, that things
may not be what they seem; that is, labels such as 'sole proprietorship' and
'partnership' mean nothing unless judicially tested. Secondly, in this case,
there has been no judicial pronouncement that Sin Wah Seng was indeed a
partnership, and it follows therefore that the issue is at large. By
themselves, both premises are sound and solid. They are as solid as bones are,
but the flesh that the plaintiff hopes to put around these bones have already
putrefied. Some aspects of the flaws of this application seem elementary and
obvious. How is it that a man who had carried on a business for several
decades with his brothers, and had taken them to court on the basis that they
were his partners, now suddenly realise that he was the sole proprietor? In
his affidavit of 12 March 2002 the plaintiff sought to explain by reciting the
history of the firm's registration back in 1965\. It is a long tale that
hardly recalls anything that was not known to him at the time JC Lim made his
orders. I am, however, mindful that the plaintiff alleges that he did not know
that his father had made one of his brothers a partner in the firm. In any
event, it would be most unlikely that his solicitors would have advised him to
proceed with this Originating Summons and entered judgment on the terms set
out had he made known his assertions to them that he does now. The statements
found in his March affidavit indicate clearly that the matters deposed there
are matters he knew or ought to have known before JC Lim's orders were made,
including the assertion that he only knew that his brother became a partner in
1997. The point is, the assertions now made are so fundamentally oppose to the
basis of his application and his own declarations under oath that Sin Wah Seng
was a partnership and that the defendants were his partners. To correct so
fundamental a premise, the entire order of court of JC Lim must be overturned
and set aside and fresh pleadings be drawn up. It is not a minor improvement
to be dealt with, least of all, under a "liberty to apply" appendage. The
present cause was therefore irremediably lost from the outset.

7\. It must also be pointed out that there has been no affidavit from the
receivers and managers to state what were problems, if any, that require
correction by adjudication. The receivers and managers were ordered to realise
only the partnership properties. So, if the properties belong to the
partnership they must come under the ambit of the receivers’ work. If they are
not, then the receivers have no business to deal with them. The receivers and
managers, acting on advice if need be, are the ones who have to make the call.
If they are uncertain, they may have to seek legal advice as to what to do.
The properties in question are not unknown to the parties. They have been in
existence for years. It would not have been thought amazing that the parties
dispute the ownership of these properties, but it is incredible that the
parties here did not think that the ownership of these properties would be an
issue when the orders of JC Lim were sought. That is a puzzle that may have
yet to be solved - but not here, and not by a summons-in-chambers under a
"liberty to apply" order.

8\. For the above reasons this application is dismissed with costs to be taxed
if not agreed and paid by the plaintiff to the defendants.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 May 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

