Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Development Bank of Singapore Ltd v Bok Chee Seng Construction Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGCA 37

Case Number | : | CA 4/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 August 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Deborah Barker SC and Chan Kia Pheng (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the appellants; Tan Cheng Yew (Tan Jin Hwee, Eunice & Lim Choo Eng) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Development Bank of Singapore Ltd — Bok Chee Seng Construction Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Adequacy of pleadings – Whether necessary to
plead questions or presumptions of law  
  
Companies – Capacity – Indoor management rule – Rule in Turquand's case –
Applicability of rule  
  

** Judgment **

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

1 This was an appeal brought by the Development Bank of Singapore (DBS),
against a decision of the High Court which reversed a judgment of the District
Court dismissing the claim of the plaintiffs, Bok Chee Seng Construction Pte
Ltd (BCS), to recover a sum of $186,938.38 from DBS. We heard the appeal on 22
July 2002 and allowed it, reinstating the judgment of the District Court. We
now give our reasons.

**

The facts

**

2 BCS was a private limited company with two shareholders, Mr Peh Chee Chuan
(Peh) and Mr Phua Ah Pok (Phua), who were also its directors. On 22 February
1997, BCS opened a current account (the account) with the Eunos Station Branch
of DBS and furnished the latter with the following documents indicating how
the account was to be operated:-

(i) a document of resolutions of the board of directors of BCS dated 7 January
1997, in DBS standard form, signed by Peh, its Chairman, and one Ms The Mui
Ngo, its Secretary.

(ii) a copy of the minutes of the board dated 27 January 1991 wherein it was
recorded that a resolution was passed empowering the bank to honour all
cheques signed on behalf of BCS by its directors, Peh and Phua, jointly.

These documents will be referred to as the "original mandate".

3 In the resolution document of 7 January 1997, there were several resolutions
of the board of BCS and two of them, resolutions (F) and (G), which were more
pertinent to the action read as follows:-

(F) That the Secretary of the Company be, and hereby is, authorised to certify
to the Bank the name of the present officers of the Company and other persons
authorised in terms of this resolution and offices respectively held by them,
together with specimens of their signatures. In the event of the Company
appointing another person/s in place of authorised person/s the Company shall
notify the Bank that a Resolution has been passed to that effect, whereupon
the said contents of this Resolution shall apply to such substituted
signatories.

(G) And that a copy of any resolution of the Board if purporting to be
certified as correct by the Chairman of the meeting and by the Company
Secretary or another Director shall as between the Bank and the Company be
conclusive evidence of the passing of the resolution so certified.

4 On or about 23 July 1997, DBS received an undated notification of a
resolution of BCS, in DBS standard form for a change in authorised
signatories, signed by Phua as Chairman of the board of directors’ meeting and
one Chua Thong Jiang Andrew (Andrew Chua), as Company Secretary, rescinding
the original mandate set out in the resolution of 27 January 1997, and in its
place, authorised Phua to operate the account by his sole signature. At the
same time DBS also received from BCS:-

(i) a copy of Form 49 (under the Companies Act) dated 22 July 1997, showing
that Andrew Chua had, on 22 July 1997, taken over as the Company Secretary of
BCS in place of The Mui Ngo, who had resigned;

(ii) a copy of BCS’s extraction of resolution passed by the board of directors
on 23 July 1997 altering the mandate to operate the account and which extract
was certified by Phua and Andrew Chua to be a true copy of the resolution
passed.

These documents will be referred to as the new mandate.

5 Thereafter, DBS honoured all cheques drawn on the account in accordance with
the new mandate. Some two months later, on 3 October 1997, M/s Ng Yap &
Partners (NYP), as solicitors for Peh, wrote a letter to DBS informing the
latter that a dispute (without identifying nature) had arisen between the
directors of BCS, namely, Peh and Phua, and asking DBS to freeze the account.
On 6 October 1997, Ramdas & Wong, acting for BCS, asked DBS not to act as
requested by Peh. On 7 October 1997 Peh wrote, referring to his solicitors’
letter of 3 October 1997 and asking for certain statements of account. On 13
October 1997, DBS informed NYP that the bank were unable to freeze the account
without a directors’ resolution or a court order. No court order was
forthcoming from Peh.

6 On 17 October 1997, NYP wrote asking for copies of the statements of account
as well as informing DBS that Phua "has purported to remove" Peh as a cheque
signatory and replace him by another person.

7 On 5 November 1997, Andrew Chua, writing in his capacity as Company
Secretary, told DBS that the resolution of 23 July 1997, effecting a change in
signatories for the account, was made pursuant to Article 100 of the Articles
of Association by all the directors present in Singapore. Andrew Chua also
stated that the company had no objection to DBS releasing the statements of
account requested by Peh.

8 It was about a year later that Peh instituted Originating Summons No.
1306/1998 under s 216 of the Companies Act on the ground of oppression. On 11
December 1998 the court granted him the reliefs prayed for including a
declaration that, _inter alia_ , the resolution of 23 July 1997 was null and
void. This order was only served on DBS on 5 January 1999.

9 The present action was instituted by BCS in the District Court to recover
the sum of $186,938.38, being the sum total of the cheques drawn on the
account with Phua as the sole signatory, which Peh complained DBS should not
have honoured.

10 In their Defence filed, DBS raised two defences. First, that they acted in
accordance with the new mandate. Second, that the order of court of 11
December 1998 (December 1998 order) could not have "retroactively or
otherwise" rendered void the 23 July 1997 resolution as far as DBS were
concerned.

**

Decision below

**

11 The district judge found that the December 1998 order declaring the 23 July
resolution "null and void" had retrospective effect. However she held that
that order determined only the rights of the parties to that proceeding (OS
1306/1998) and it did not follow that a third party would be bound by that
order in the same way, and to the same extent, as the parties thereto. The new
mandate received by DBS from BCS complied with the terms of the contract
between DBS and BCS, and that DBS had acted properly in reliance on the new
mandate. She also held that by virtue of the rule in _The Royal British Bank
v_ _Turquand_ 5 EL & BL 248, BCS were bound by the cheques which DBS had
honoured.

12 On appeal to the High Court, the Judge took the view that a conclusive
evidence clause like resolution (G) must be interpreted strictly because the
effect of such a clause was to oust the court’s jurisdiction to consider all
relevant facts before coming to a conclusion. To invoke this clause it must be
shown that the certification came from a director and a person who was
properly appointed the Company Secretary. In this case, there was no proper
appointment of Andrew Chua as the new Company Secretary.

13 However, the main basis upon which the Judge below held that BCS were
entitled to recover the sum claimed was one of pleading. She pointed out that
the pleaded defence was that DBS acted in accordance with the new mandate and
had not breached any terms of the contractual arrangements between them. DBS
did not plead that if the new mandate was not valid, they were still entitled
to rely on it because of the rule in _Turquand’s_ case. That being the
position, once it was shown that the new mandate was not valid, the defence
failed. She recognised that although the new mandate was established to be
invalid, it did not follow that a third party who had acted on it was
automatically liable but that the third party should plead the further
ground(s) upon which it relied to contend it was not liable. In this case, DBS
had not so pleaded. Accordingly, this additional defence was not an issue in
the action. Neither did BCS have the opportunity to address it. While
appreciating that the _Turquand’s_ rule is a rule of law, she nevertheless
felt that, to invoke that rule, facts had to be pleaded and established, and
this was not done in the instant case.

**

Issues

**

14 Before us three broad issues were raised by DBS. First, what was the
nature, effect and ambit of the December 1998 order? Second, whether by reason
of the _Turquand_ rule and/or resolution (G), DBS were entitled to rely on the
new mandate, regardless of whether the new mandate was valid or otherwise.
Thirdly, whether the judge below was correct to have found that on account of
the inadequate pleadings, DBS were not entitled to rely on resolution (G) and
the _Turquand_ rule. Of these three issues, the emphasis of DBS was on the
second and third issues.

**

December 1998 Order

**

15 In OS 1306/1998, Peh commenced action against Phua and another, Chew Boon
Cheng, for oppression under s 216 of the Companies Act and sought various
reliefs, including a declaration that the resolution passed on 23 July 1997
was null and void. BCS was not a party to that proceeding and neither did Peh
sue for and on behalf of BCS. Peh did not allege that Phua’s action had caused
any loss or damage to the company. Peh only alleged prejudice suffered by
himself. On the basis of the prayers formulated by Peh in the OS, the court
granted the reliefs in terms, one of which was that the 23 July 1997
resolution was "null and void and/or rescinded."

16 However, nothing in that order decided anything as between BCS and DBS;
neither did it decide that DBS had acted in breach of the mandate given to
them when they honoured the cheques. For reasons which would become apparent
later, we do not think it would be meaningful for us to dwell on this point
further.

**

Were the pleadings adequate?

**

17 We shall consider the third issue before the second. DBS contended that
they had sufficiently pleaded the facts to enable them to rely on the defence
that the change of mandate made by BCS on 23 July 1997 was effective and valid
as between DBS and BCS by reason of the rule in _Turquand’s_ case and
resolution (G) of 7 January. Furthermore, BCS never took this pleading point
during the trial. Neither did they do so in their closing submissions, nor in
their Case in the District Court Appeal. BCS only raised it for the first time
at the hearing of the District Court appeal before the Judge.

18 It is necessary for us, at this juncture, to set out the relevant
paragraphs of the defence filed by DBS to see what were the facts pleaded:-

"4. The Defendants aver that from 23 July 1997 onwards, the Plaintiffs’ only
authorised signatory was Phua Ah Pok, and in this regard, the Defendants shall
rely on two documents signed and executed by Phua Ah Pok as the Plaintiffs’
director and chairman of a Board of Directors

meeting on 23 July 1997, and by Chua Thong Jiang Andrew as the Plaintiffs’
company secretary, and given to the Defendants ;

.

.

8\. In respect of paragraph 8 of the Statement of Claim, it is denied that by
the matters as pleaded in the Statement of Claim or at all, the mandate
evidenced by the Mandate Document is invalid and/or null and/or void and/or of
no effect. It is averred that at all material times, the Defendants acted with
authority and in accordance with the terms of the relevant mandate as
evidenced by the Mandate Documents.

9\. … The Mandate Documents reveal that the relevant mandate as evidenced by
the same was lawfully complied with by the Defendants when the Defendants duly
honoured the cheques signed by Phua Ah Pok, who was the duly authorised sole
signatory at the material times. The defendants further aver that the service
of the Order of Court dated 11 December 1998 on them by Messrs Tan Cheng Yew &
Partners by their letter dated 5 January 1999 does not retrospectively or
otherwise render the acts of the Defendants in honouring the said cheques
issued in the aforesaid period unauthorised and/or in breach of the relevant
mandate as aforesaid.

19 DBS had pleaded the pertinent facts. Paragraph 8 where DBS averred that "at
all material times, (DBS) acted with authority and in accordance with the
terms of the relevant mandate as evidenced by the Mandate Documents" and
paragraph 9 where it was stated that the December 1998 order "does not
retrospectively or otherwise render the acts of (DBS) in honouring the said
cheques … unauthorised and/or in breach of the relevant mandate" were
particularly relevant to the question of the applicability of the _Turquand_
rule. While it was true that DBS, in their defence, did not expressly refer to
the _Turquand_ rule, or the terms of resolution (G), as will be shown later,
whether on those facts the _Turquand_ rule or resolution (G) would apply was a
question of law and it was not necessary that propositions or inferences of
law be expressly pleaded. We accept that it could be pleaded. But it is
altogether another thing to say that failure to do so would be fatal.

20 It is important to note that in BCS’ Reply, BCS alleged facts to show that
DBS were not entitled to the benefit of the _Turquand_ rule.

(i) on 3 October 1997 NYP, writing on behalf of Peh, had asked DBS to freeze
the account but DBS refused;

(ii) on 7 October 1997 Peh wrote referring to the letter of 3 October 1997
from his solicitors, NYP and asked for copies of certain statements relating
to the account;

(iii) on 17 October 1997 NYP informed DBS of the dispute between Peh and Phua
and asked DBS not to honour cheques signed by Phua solely. DBS did not respond
to this letter and continued to honour cheques signed by Phua alone;

(iv) in spite of the above notices, DBS negligently or otherwise continued to
honour cheques signed by Phua alone.

All these allegations were made to demonstrate that DBS had notice of the
irregularities and thus the rule in _Turquand_ should not be held to apply in
the circumstances.

21 With respect, we were of the opinion that the Judge below had erred when
she held that DBS had not pleaded facts giving rise to the rule in _Turquand_.
She had similarly erred in holding that BCS did not, as a result, plead the
steps taken by Peh to notify DBS of the irregularities, which would disentitle
DBS from invoking the protection accorded under the _Turquand_ rule.

22 DBS had clearly pleaded that they acted on the basis of the documents
evidencing the new mandate. It might well be, as declared in the December 1998
order, that as between Peh and Phua, all the resolutions were invalid and of
no effect. Peh could, as a result, claim against Phua for all the losses he
suffered. But as between BCS and their bankers, the issue was whether the new
mandate nevertheless binds BCS. It is in this connection, that the _Turquand_
rule comes in and determines whether, as between BCS and DBS, the new mandate
was nevertheless valid and effective, as far as transactions effected prior to
the December 1998 order were concerned.

23 The case _County of_ _Gloucester Bank v Rudry Merthyr Steam & House Coal
Colliery Co_ [1895] 1 Ch 629 illustrates the distinct position of a third
party succinctly. There the directors of a joint stock company, pursuant to
powers conferred under the Articles, by resolution fixed the quorum of the
board of directors at three. At the meeting where only two directors were
present, a resolution was passed authorising the secretary to affix the
company’s seal to a mortgage. The English Court of Appeal, applying the
_Turquand_ rule, held that as between the company and the mortgagee bank, who
was a third party, the execution of the mortgage deed was valid and that it
was a valid mortgage. The court effectively treated the resolution as valid
which a third party like the bank could rely upon.

24 It is settled law that only material facts need be pleaded, not
propositions or inferences of law. This is illustrated and enunciated
eloquently in three cases decided by Lord Denning. In _Karsales (Harrow) Ltd v
Wallis_(1956) 2 All ER 866, Denning LJ stated:-

"The only real difficulty that I have felt in the case is whether this point
is put with sufficient clarity in the pleadings. Nevertheless, I have always
understood in modern times that it is sufficient for a pleader to plead the
material facts. _He need not plead the legal consequences which flow from
them_. _Even although he has stated the legal consequences inaccurately or
incompletely, that does not shut him out from arguing points of law which
arise on the facts pleaded_. Looking at this defence, it is quite plain that
the defence pleaded all the material facts which I have mentioned, and it is,
I think, sufficient."

25 In _Re Vandervall’s Trust (No. 2)_ [1974] 3 All ER 205, Lord Denning MR
gave short shrift to such a technical argument when he said:-

"Counsel for the executors stressed that the points taken by counsel for the
trustee were not covered by the pleadings. He said time and again: ‘This way
of putting the case was not pleaded’; ‘No such trust was pleaded’. And so
forth. The more he argued, the more technical he became. I began to think we
were back in the bad old days before the Common Law Procedure Acts when
pleadings had to state the legal result; and a case could be lost by the
omission of a single averment … All that has been swept away. It is sufficient
for the pleader to state the material facts …"

26 The third instructive case is _Drane v Evangelou_ [1978] 2 All ER 437,
where a tenant sued a landlord for breach of covenant on quiet enjoyment. The
County Court judge, in his own volition, held that the facts were sufficient
to found a claim in trespass, even though that was not the pleaded claim, and
awarded exemplary damages of 1,000 to the tenant-plaintiff. The defendants
appealed contending that the plaintiff was not entitled to exemplary damages
as he did not plead a claim in trespass. Lord Denning said (at p.440):-

The first point taken on behalf of the landlord was a pleading point. The
particulars of claim alleged that the landlord ‘had interfered with the right
of the [tenant] and his de facto wife Ann Watts to quiet enjoyment of the said
premises by unlawfully evicting them from the said premises on Tuesday 14th
October 1975’. Counsel for the landlord submitted that that claim was for
breach of a covenant for quiet enjoyment. He cited a passage from Woodfall:
‘Since the claim is in contract, punitive or exemplary damages cannot be
awarded.’ The judge at once said: ‘What about trespass? Does the claim not be
in trespass? Counsel for the landlord urged that trespass was not pleaded. The
judge then said: ‘The facts are alleged sufficiently so it does not matter
what label you put on it.’ The judge was right. The tenant in the particulars
of claim gave details saying that three men broke the door, removed the
tenant’s belongings, bolted the door from the inside; and so forth. Those
facts were clearly sufficient to warrant a claim for trespass. As we said in
_Re Vandervells Trusts_ :

> ‘It is sufficient for the pleader to state material facts. He need not state
> the legal result. If, for convenience, he does so, he is not bound by, or
> limited to, what he has stated. He can present, in argument, any legal
> consequence of which the facts permit.’

27 Reverting to the pleadings in the present case, there was no doubt that all
pertinent facts relating to the account had been pleaded. DBS averred that
they had relied on and acted in accordance with the new mandate. Furthermore,
paragraph 9 of their defence clearly stated that the December 1998 order did
not render DBS’ honouring of the cheques unauthorised. This statement
necessarily raised the question of the applicability of the _Turquand_ rule.
It flowed naturally. The Reply filed by BCS unequivocally indicated that BCS
knew the direction DBS were coming from. BCS had pleaded all the pertinent
facts to show that DBS should not be allowed to rely on the _Turquand_ rule.
BCS were not at all taken by surprise. They were not prejudiced because they
did place everything before the trial court to show why the _Turquand_ rule
should not apply: see _John G Stein & Co Ltd v O’Hanlon_ [1965] AC 890 at 900
and 901. No objection was taken by BCS at any stage of the trial. Neither was
this technical point taken in BCS’ Case, which was filed in the District Court
appeal.

28 We were reminded that in _Banner Investments Pte Ltd v Hoe Seng Metal
Fabrication & Engineers (S) Pte Ltd_ [1997] SLR 461 at 468 this Court did
point out that "it was not open for the trial judge to decide the case on the
basis of a defence that was not pleaded." But it is important to note that the
issue in question there was whether a liquidated damages clause was in fact a
penalty clause. The court agreed with the appellants’ argument that as the
respondents had not pleaded this, the court was precluded from entertaining
that point. Rajendran J held that the question whether a liquidated damages
clause was valid because it was a genuine pre-estimate of damages and not a
penalty clause, was a question of fact and law. There was a need for the party
who made such a plea to aver to facts to demonstrate that the amount was fixed
in the clause in terrorem. Thus, _Banner Investments_ was clearly
distinguishable, unlike here where all the pertinent facts were pleaded and
led in evidence.

29 In any event, what was enunciated in _Turquand_ was a presumption of
regularity. _Walter Woon in Company Law (2 nd Edn)_ at p. 90 stated:-

The rule in _Turquand’s_ case is a presumption of regularity. In other words,
a person who deals with a company is entitled to assume that all procedural
matters have been taken care of by the company.

We were unable to see why a presumption of law needed to be pleaded. The
pertinent facts giving rise to the presumption were pleaded by DBS. The burden
was on the company, and those who claimed under it, to show why in the
particular circumstances the presumption should not apply. As mentioned
before, BCS had so pleaded. With respect, we think that the Judge below fell
into error when she held that on account of the December 1998 order, the
burden was on third parties, like DBS, to "establish why they should not be
held liable" for acting in accordance with the new mandate.

**

Were DBS entitled to rely on the _Turquand_ rule?

**

30 Turning to the second issue, the Judge below did not rule that DBS were not
entitled, in all the circumstances, to rely on the _Turquand_ rule. She
allowed the appeal on the technical ground that the pleadings were inadequate.

31 In _Turquand_ a company borrowed money from a bank and when sued, it
pleaded that a proper resolution of the company had not been passed to enable
the company to obtain the loan. The Court held that the company was
nevertheless bound by the loan as the bank, a third party, having only seen
the company’s deed which authorized it to borrow, was entitled to infer that
when the company sought to borrow, all matters of internal management had been
complied with.

32 The circumstances in which the rule in _Turquand_ had been applied are
illustrated in numerous cases. In _William Augustus Mahony v The Liquidator of
the East Holyford Mining Co (Ltd)_ (1875) LR 7 HL 869, it was held that
bankers could lawfully honour the cheques issued by the directors of the
company, signed according to a form sent by them to the bank, without being
bound previously to inquire whether the persons pretending to sign as
directors had been duly appointed to office, in conformity with the provisions
of the memorandum and articles of association. There, one Wedge, started a
company with some friends and invited subscription from others to become
shareholders. Subscription moneys received were paid into an account at
National Bank, Dublin. The bank received a formal notice from a person, signed
as the secretary of the company, stating that, in accordance with a resolution
passed, the bank should honour cheques signed by "either two of the following
three directors" and countersigned by the secretary. The moneys in the account
were eventually drawn out completely and the company was ordered to be wound
up. The liquidator of the company sued the bank. It would appear that there
had never been a meeting of shareholders and no appointment as directors or
secretary was ever made. The claim of the liquidator failed.

33 In _Duck v Tower Galvanising Co Ltd_[1901] 2 KB 314, the subject of dispute
related to a debenture issued in proper form but, unknown to the claimant
debenture holder, had been issued without proper authority. The contest was
between the holder and the execution creditors of the company. The debenture,
if valid, would create a charge on the assets of the company. Lord Alverstone
CJ held that no informality would alter the rights possessed by a _bona fide_
holder for value upon a document that purported to be in order.

34 We have earlier (in paragraph 23) referred to the case _County of
Gloucester Bank_ and we do not need to narrate it again.

35 What remained to be considered was whether had anything been shown by BCS
which disentitled DBS from relying on the _Turquand_ rule. As mentioned
before, BCS had sought to do that. BCS relied essentially on NYP’s
notification of 17 October 1997 to DBS of the dispute between Peh and Phua and
on DBS failure to act in accordance therewith. The district judge, after
reviewing the evidence did not think that the conduct of DBS had, in any way,
fallen short of the required standard of care. Some of the circumstances which
she took into account were, first, that the documents tendered in relation to
the new mandate were, on the face of it, in order. Second, the witness for BCS
conceded that at the time no firm grounds were presented to DBS to enable the
latter to freeze the account, other than stating that there was a dispute
between Peh and Phua. Third, Peh was told what he should do before DBS could
freeze the account and yet no such action was taken by Peh. He should have
acted expeditiously to pursue the matter. The conclusion of the district judge
was that, in all the circumstances, DBS were not in breach of their duty to
take reasonable care and were entitled to rely on the conclusive evidence
clause (resolution G), as well as the _Turquand_ rule. She felt DBS acted
according to "what they probably thought was best for BCS at the time."

36 In the grounds of decision of the Judge below, she pointed out that a
resolution of the board must be certified by either two directors or one
director and the company secretary. In this case, the certification was done
by one director and Andrew Chua, but the latter was never properly appointed
Company Secretary. Thus, the certified resolution was bad and could not be
conclusive.

37 We do not propose to deal with the effect of resolution (G) but will
confine ourselves only to the _Turquand_ rule. It is precisely for such a
situation that the _Turquand_ rule comes to the aid of third parties who had
relied in good faith on such a document from the company. DBS had no notice of
any irregularity or impropriety in the appointment of Andrew Chua as the new
Company Secretary. Neither did DBS know that only one director passed the
resolution to appoint Andrew Chua as the Company Secretary. The letter of 17
October 1997 from NYP did not even mention the irregularity in the appointment
of the Company Secretary. In addition, a copy of Form 49 was furnished to DBS.

38 In this regard, the following observations of this Court in _Yogambikai
Nagarajah v Indian Overseas Bank_ [1997] 1 SLR 258, delivered by Lai Kew Chai
J, are on point (at 273 and 275):-

The relationship between the bank and the deposit account holder is premised
on the debtor-creditor relationship. It carries with it the obligation on the
part of the bank to honour the customer’s mandate as regards the payment of
money from that account. The bank’s duty to pay on the demand of an account
holder however coexists with a duty to take reasonable care in all the
circumstances as agent of the account holder. The duty to take reasonable care
in the discharge of its obligations under the contract between banker and
customer includes withholding payment where there has been fraudulent conduct
resulting in wrongful loss by a party. In _Bank of New South Wales v Goulburn
Valley Butter Co Pty Ltd_ [1902] AC 543, Lord Davey at p. 550 said: ‘The law
is well settled that in the absence of fraud or irregularity a banker is bound
to honour his customer’s cheque.’ Of course, where somebody cries "Fraud", it
is not always the case that the bank must withhold payment. The question in
every case, including the present, is whether the bank behaved reasonably in
view of all the circumstances and discharged its duty of care….."

39 We should further add that in determining whether a bank had exercised
reasonable care, no reliance should be placed on hindsight. All that DBS was
told on 3 October 1997 was that there was a dispute between the two directors.
It was on 17 October 1997 that NYP advised DBS that Phua had "purported to
remove Peh as a cheque signatory and to replace him with another person." But
before then, DBS had already advised Peh that to freeze the account a new
resolution or a court order was necessary. Peh could have come to court to
obtain an appropriate order, perhaps even on an _ex parte_ basis. He failed to
do so and only acted some one year later. A bank cannot be expected to
investigate the internal management or squabbles of a company. It can only act
on the basis of mandates issued in accordance with the terms of the contract
governing the account and the general law.

Sgd:

**

** YONG PUNG HOW CHAO HICK TIN TAN LEE MENG

CHIEF JUSTICE JUDGE OF APPEAL JUDGE

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Aug 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

