Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Epolar System Enterprise Pte Ltd and Others v Lee Hock Chuan and Others  
[2002] SGHC 214

Case Number | : | Suit 127/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 September 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gn Chiang Soon and Sivakolunthu (Gn & Co) for the plaintiffs; Cheong Yuen Hee and Cheong Aik Chye (instructed counsel) with Govinda Gopalan (Lim & Gopalan) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Epolar System Enterprise Pte Ltd — Lee Hock Chuan   
  
Civil Procedure – Jurisdiction – Submission of no case to answer at close of
plaintiffs' case – Election not to call evidence on defendants' behalf –
Defendants' applying for leave to make submission without being put to
election – Whether to allow application  
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Findings of fact – Whether findings of fact
from another trial can serve as evidence of primary facts in separate and
independent trial  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Duty of owner to third party to make
periodic checks on electrical system in premises – Whether such duty exists in
law – Whether duty of care includes acts of omission  
  
Tort – Nuisance – Negligence – Plaintiffs' failing to plead damage –
Plaintiffs not specifying nature and type of damage – Need to prove type and
nature of damage in claims involving nuisance and negligence – Distinction
between damage and damages  
  
Tort – Nuisance – Private nuisance – Need to prove interest in land – Whether
interest as occupier sufficient – Whether interest as owner sufficient where
owner not in occupation of land – Whether necessary for owner to prove
possession or right of immediate possession – Whether necessary for owner to
prove damage to reversionary interest  
  

**Judgment** _Cur Adv Vult_ ****

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

1\. This is a sequel to Suit No. 1777 of 1999, a case concerning a fire that
occurred on 20 February 1999 at Senang Crescent. In the trial of Suit No. 1777
of 1999 the owners and occupiers of No. 23 Senang Crescent sued the owners of
the next door premises, No. 25 (the first defendants), the tenants who
occupied the top floor of No. 25 (the second defendants), and the sub-tenants
of the second defendants who occupied the lower floor of No. 25 (the third
defendants). The causes of action in that suit were based on negligence as
well as under the rule in _Rylands v Fletcher_. The claim against the first
and second defendants were dismissed at the close of the plaintiffs’ case. It
was found that no liability attached to the owners and tenants in law on the
case pleaded. The claim against the third defendants (who elected to call
evidence) was allowed. The plaintiffs there appealed against the dismissal of
their claim against the first and second defendants. The third defendants
appealed against the finding of liability against them. Both appeals were
subsequently dismissed by the Court of Appeal.

2\. In the present action, the first, second, and third plaintiffs alleged
that they were the occupiers of No. 21, 35 and 37 Senang Crescent respectively
at the material time, namely 20 February 1999. These were the premises behind
No. 23 and No. 25. The fourth, fifth and sixth plaintiffs alleged that they
were the owners of No. 21, 35 and 37 of Senang Crescent respectively. The
defendants in this action were the owners of No. 25 (the first defendants in
the previous suit). Their tenants, and more importantly, the sub-tenants who
were found liable in Suit No. 1777 of 1999 were not joined as parties in the
present Suit. Mr. Gn, counsel for the present plaintiffs (and who also
represented the plaintiffs in Suit No. 1777 of 1999) informed the court that
the sub-tenants are not being sued because they have no means of making
payment should they be found liable. Mr. Gn also stated that the present claim
was brought by way of subrogation by the insurance company of the plaintiffs.
The causes of action in the present action are based on the rule in _Rylands v
Fletcher_ , negligence and nuisance. At the outset, counsel withdrew the claim
based on the rule in _Rylands v Fletcher_. For completeness, it should be
noted that in the previous action in Suit No. 1777 of 1999 the plaintiffs
there did not sue in nuisance.

3\. In view of the connection with the facts in Suit No. 1777 of 1999, counsel
were asked if they could agree facts and evidence to expedite the trial.
However, counsel after conferring with each other, were only able to agree
that there was a fire at No. 23 and No. 25 Senang Crescent on 20 February 1999
and that the fire started at the front yard of No. 25.

4\. Mr. Gn advanced the present case on the basis of only one point. He
submitted that the three fuse wires found in the fuse holder in No. 25 Senang
Crescent after the fire, had been tampered with as early as 1978, but
certainly before the tenants (in Suit No. 1777 of 1999) began their tenancy.
His entire case was constructed on the following premises. First, the fire was
caused by the escape of electricity "through the electrical fuses and found
its way into the front yard of No. 25." Secondly, the fuses were tampered or
up-rated. Thirdly, the defendants failed to inspect the fuse holder, or
maintain proper fuses in the holder before handing the premises over to their
tenants (in the case presently pleaded, the tenants referred to were the
second defendants in Suit No. 1777 of 1999). The statement of claim elaborated
on a number of other particulars of negligence but they fall essentially
within the three broad categories that I have just set out. I shall have to
revert to the plaintiffs' pleadings shortly.

5\. Significantly, none of the plaintiffs gave evidence at all. The only
witnesses called on their behalf were a couple of clerks to produce certified
true copies of certificates of titles in respect of 21, 35 and 37 Senang
Crescent, as well as a couple of loss adjusters testifying that they spoke to
some of the plaintiffs who claim to be owners or occupiers of the said
premises. One of them, Mr. Yeo Peck Hong admitted that he had no personal
knowledge but had formed his opinion on the basis that he had seen invoices
and insurance policies from the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs' evidence was
mainly from Prof. Jimmy Chen and Mr. Tan Jin Thong, the two experts who gave
expert evidence in the trial of Suit No. 1777 of 1999, as well as Mr. Yee Kum
Choon who gave evidence in that same suit as a witness of fact, but returning
in this trial to give expert evidence on the size of wires. I overruled Mr.
Cheong's objection to Mr. Yee being called as such, and I am mindful of the
peculiar nature of such evidence, and whether there is such a person who can
be called a "wire expert". Consequently, I am of the view that the evidence
will be permitted, but whether it amounts to anything is a matter for
submission. Another expert, Dr. Jonathan Lloyd was called to give evidence as
to the cause of the condition of the three strands of wires found in the fuse
holder in 25 Senang Crescent. He was of the view that the brittleness of the
wires was due to heat created by an electrical current (as opposed to direct
external heat). The plaintiffs' evidence was that the measurement of the
diameter of the wires was 0.71mm (and not, counsel conceded, 0.75mm as Mr. Yee
Kum Choon testified in the previous trial). Also relying, in part, on the
evidence of Mr. Ng Kong, a director of the Energy Market Authority, that after
1 September 1978 the old Imperial gauge wires were officially to be replaced
by new metric gauge (0.75mm) wires, Mr. Gn then put the plaintiffs' case on
the basis that the wires must have been changed before 1 September 1978. He
next relied on the obviously hearsay evidence of Mr. Lu Hui Huang, who had
occupied the upper floor of 25 Senang Crescent sometime from November 1987 to
May 1994 when he moved next door to 23 Senang Crescent. He said that he
noticed that the lower floor was ‘unoccupied by tenants’ for a couple of weeks
in July 1988 and January 1989. He admitted under cross-examination that he did
not know whether the premises were let out during the period which he said the
premises at 25 Senang Crescent were unoccupied.

6\. Mr. Gn constructed his case on the basis of the evidence above. He
submitted that three "tampered, rewired, and up-rated electrical fuses
constituted [a] fire hazard". The fuses served the wire that had short-
circuited in the front yard of 25 Senang Crescent. Between 1979 and 1999 the
defendants were in control of the lower floor of those premises. The fire
started in the front yard of 25 Senang Crescent. The defendants are therefore
liable, in nuisance and negligence, because they "repeatedly let out the
premises without checking and rectifying the electrical fire hazards".

7\. At the close of the plaintiffs' case Mr. Cheong, counsel for the
defendants, applied for leave to submit no case to answer without being put to
election that no evidence will be called on behalf of the defendants. He
produced a Practice Note entitled _Submitting 'No Case To Answer'_ which is
reproduced in [1932] MLJ 61 which reports that the Registrar of the Supreme
Court, in answer to an inquiry by the Law Society, replied that the Council of
Judges (in Singapore) had ruled that we should adopt the same practice as that
in the King's Bench Division in England, as opposed to the practice in the
Chancery Division in which a defendant making a submission of no case to
answer is put to election. However, Mr. Cheong conceded that in recent times,
the Court of Appeal had ruled otherwise. In _Tan Song Gou v Goh Ya Tian_
[1983] 1 MLJ 60, 62 the opinion of the trial judge was approved by the Court
of Appeal in the following passage: "We agree with the observation of Lai Kew
Chai J. that the proper practice, if counsel for a defendant wishes to make a
submission of no case to answer, is for the judge to refuse to rule on it
unless counsel elects to call no evidence". In the more recent case of
_Central bank of India v Hemant Govindaprasad Bansal_ [2002] 3 SLR 190, 196
Rajendran J was also of the view that the defendant must be put to election.
Mr. Cheong submitted that the Practice Note of 1932 was not brought to the
attention of the courts in the cases cited. Furthermore, he relied on
Australian authorities that appear to favour the King's Bench practice in
holding that the court has a discretion not to put the defendant to election.
_Rasomen v Shell_ (1996) 142 ALR 135 was cited in support. Notwithstanding
that the Practice Note of 1932 (on a decision made in 1930) emanated from the
Council of Judges, a High Court judge is bound by the decisions of the Court
of Appeal. In this regard, it was not necessary for me to express any further
view on this issue, and accordingly, I ruled that I would not hear a
submission of no case to meet unless the defendants elect not to call
evidence. Consequently, Mr Cheong declined to make a submission of no case to
meet.

8\. Only two witnesses were called on behalf of the defendants. The first was
Mr. Lee Hock Chuan, the youngest son of the owner of 25 Senang Crescent who
testified that after his father's death he took over the management of the
premises. The other plaintiffs are his siblings. He testified that as far as
he knew, the premises were let out to tenants ever since they were purchased
in 1970\. The date of purchase was not challenged but Mr. Gn pointed out that
the various tenancy agreements produced by the defendants appear to overlap.
He submitted that the inference must be that the previous tenant had moved out
before the new tenancy took effect. This was denied by Mr. Lee. In my view,
the mere overlap does not mean that the premises were left untenanted although
there may be a week or two in which they were unoccupied. On the evidence, I
am unable to find that there were any period of time in which the defendants
had exclusive right of possession of the premises in 25 Senang Crescent, or
that the premises were indeed left unoccupied for any period. The evidence
from Mr. Lu is unreliable, and the inference that Mr. Gn wants me to draw from
the tenancy agreements is too tenuous.

9\. There are a great deal more problems in the plaintiffs' case. First, to
succeed in nuisance or negligence, the plaintiff must prove damage. In this
case damage was not even pleaded save that the statement of claim prays for
specific sums in respect of each plaintiff with no particulars as to the type
or nature of damage. This is inadequate. A plaintiff cannot merely pray for a
specific sum of money (for example, $65,487.85 for the first plaintiff in this
case) without telling the defendant (and the court) what the damage was. It
was left to Mr. Gn to inform me from the Bar (therefore, of no evidential
value so far as the merits of the case are concerned) that the damage to the
plaintiffs was not caused by direct fire but by heat caused by the fire.
Counsel did not even tell me whether the resulting damage was to the premises
(and if so, where) or to chattels (and if so, what). It is no answer for him
to say that the registry had fixed the matter for trial on liability only with
damages to be assessed at a later date. That is clearly a confusion between
damage and damages. The latter is relevant only when the former has been
pleaded and proved.

10\. Furthermore, a plaintiff who sues in private nuisance must first prove
that he has an interest in land because nuisance is a tort against land. See
_The Law of Torts_ , Common Law Series, 2002 Ed, Ch 22 page 901 for a detailed
historical background to this tort. Whatever the plaintiff may recover from
the defendant depends on the interest that he (the plaintiff) has. Hence, the
licensee in _Malone v Laskey_ [1907] 2 KB 141 was held to have insufficient
interest in land to sue the next door occupier in nuisance. It follows that
the plaintiffs must plead and adduce evidence of their respective interests in
land. The case for the first, second, and third plaintiffs in this case must
fail from the outset because they claim as 'occupiers'. That is clearly
insufficient. The fourth, fifth, and sixth plaintiffs claim as owners. Not a
single affidavit of evidence-in-chief was filed by any one of the six
plaintiffs. If the owner is not in occupation, then he can only succeed if he
can show that he had a right of immediate possession, or that he suffered
damage in respect of his reversionary interest. See _Shelfer v City of London
Electric Lighting Co_ [1895] 1 Ch 287, 312, per Lindley LJ. Nothing to this
effect was pleaded nor proved. The certified true copies of title deeds
produced by the solicitor's clerk only prove ownership at best, but, as I
said, mere ownership is not sufficient, especially where, as in this case, it
is not known who had possession or right to immediate possession of the
premises known as 21, 35, and 37 Senang Crescent. The certificates also show
that the properties were mortgaged at the material time.

11\. Thus, the claim by the fourth, fifth and sixth plaintiffs must also fail.
The plaintiffs' basis for asserting that the defendants are liable in
negligence in not checking or maintaining the fuse holder must fail on the
case as presented by Mr. Gn - which was that the defendants had a window
period in which they had the right to exclusive possession (although Mr. Gn
used the term 'having possession and control'). Even if the defendants had
exclusive possession at a relevant time, there is yet another fundamental
reason why the plaintiffs' claim in negligence must fail. There is no basis
for finding a duty of care on the part of an owner, to third parties, to make
periodic checks on the electrical system of his premises. The duties and
obligations of the landlord are owed to his tenant. To succeed in negligence
against the landlord, a third party has to prove a specific duty of care.
Generally, the duty of care in negligence does not include acts of omission,
which is essentially the case presented by Mr. Gn against the defendants.
Thus, his reliance on _Virco Metal Industrial Pte Ltd v Carltech Trading &
Industries Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 201 is misplaced because the facts are
entirely different. The faulty power switch there was installed by the
defendants in that case. In the present case, the breach of duty alleged was
in failing to find out that there was a faulty fuse. There is more. Mr. Gn
adduced no evidence to show that the fuse holder was faulty and that it was
that fuse holder that caused the fire. I had asked if parties were able to
agree facts at the beginning of this trial, but no material facts were agreed
other than that a fire started in the front yard of 25 Senang Crescent on 20
February 1999. That being so, the plaintiffs were obliged to prove their case
with evidence. Mr. Gn sought to rely on the findings of fact in the grounds of
judgment in Suit No. 1777 of 1999. The findings of fact are not evidence in
this regard - it is merely the opinion of a court as to what facts he thought
existed in the case upon which he was trying. They cannot be used as evidence
to prove primary facts that are incumbent upon a party to prove in another
trial. In a separate and independent trial, evidence, unless agreed, must be
properly adduced to prove what the parties have to prove.

12\. Finally, I must address the point in respect of what Mr Gn called the
'fresh evidence'. I am inclined to agree with the opinion of Mr. Mullen that
we cannot conclude that the three fuses were installed prior to 1978 just by
examining the measurement alone. Even if the measurement was correctly taken,
of which there is some doubt, especially since the measurement had been taken
in the previous trial and put to the court (by the same experts for the
plaintiffs) to be of a different gauge, one cannot draw the inference that it
must have been installed prior to 1978. Assuming that the regulations required
new metric gauge wires after 1 September 1978, old wires that were still in
stock might still have been used as Mr Mullen also observed. The plaintiffs'
witnesses confirmed that such changes can be performed by any handyman and no
inspection or testing is required to be made by the authorities concerned. In
any event, even if the wires were installed prior to 1978, they would have
been approved wires then. There is no evidence that the regulators required
all such wires to be changed to the new metric ones. Hence, it is also
entirely plausible that the wires might already have been changed in 1970 when
the defendants bought the premises. There is also no evidence that the three
fuses were in contravention of any statutory regulation or guideline. In any
event, Mr. Gn concedes that the plaintiffs' case was not made on the basis of
a negligent act of installation, but on an omission to check. I have already
stated above that there is, in my opinion, no such duty in law applicable to
the facts of this case.

13\. For the reasons above, the plaintiffs' claim is dismissed with costs to
be taxed if not agreed.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Sep 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

