Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sarjit Singh s/o Mehar Singh v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 217

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 15/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 September 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Petitioner in person; Tai Wei Shyong (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Sarjit Singh s/o Mehar Singh — Public Prosecutor   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Jurisdiction – Distinction between roles of
revisionary and appellate court – Whether and when court to exercise
revisionary powers  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Criminal breach of trust by lawyer – Entrustment of
property – Whether entrustment of task of collecting moneys on client's behalf
constitutes entrustment of property – Whether lawyers fall under purview of s
409 Penal Code – Whether petitioner guilty of offence charged – s 409 Penal
Code (Cap 224)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Criminal breach of trust by
lawyer – Whether such offence calls for custodial sentence of deterrent nature
– Aggravating circumstances – Whether sentence manifestly inadequate  
  

** Judgment **

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

_**

Introduction

**_

This petition for revision arose out of the judgment of district judge Audrey
Lim in which she convicted the petitioner on a charge of criminal breach of
trust under s 409 of the Penal Code for misappropriating a sum of $4,815.24
belonging to his client. The petitioner was sentenced to seven months
imprisonment.

_**

The facts

**

The undisputed facts

_

2 The petitioner was at the material time an advocate and solicitor and the
sole proprietor of Sarjit Singh & Co. In early November 1998, Muhammed Bin
Abdul Latiff (‘Latiff’) approached the petitioner seeking to claim unpaid
emoluments amounting to $4,815.24 from his ex-employer, Eurofibre Engineering
Pte Ltd (‘Eurofibre’).

3 The petitioner agreed to act for Latiff and was paid $200 by cheque on 9
November 1998 to write a letter of demand which was duly sent to Eurofibre.
The petitioner was subsequently paid an additional $500, also by cheque, to
issue a writ against Eurofibre on 17 November 1998.

4 Pursuant to the petitioner’s letter of demand dated 10 November 1998,
Eurofibre sent a cheque dated 16 November 1998 to the petitioner’s firm which
the petitioner banked into his client’s account around 23 November 1998. The
monies were subsequently withdrawn by the petitioner in stages between 25
November 1998 and early January 1999.

5 The petitioner did not inform Latiff that Eurofibre had paid the $4,815.24
until about July 2001 after the police had commenced their investigations.
Thereafter the petitioner and Latiff met at Peninsula Plaza and the petitioner
paid Latiff a sum of $5,515.24 being of the aggregate of $4,815.24, $200 and
$500. At this meeting, Latiff had, unknown to the petitioner, taped the entire
conversation.

_

The petitioner’s version of the facts

_

6 It is appropriate at this juncture to set out the petitioner’s version of
the facts as they mapped out his defence to the charge.

7 The petitioner had rendered advice not just for Latiff’s claim against
Eurofibre, but also for Latiff’s plans to set up a competing business against
Eurofibre as well as on an unrelated security matter. He had also rendered
advice in relation to Junaidei, a business partner of Latiff who was facing a
claim from Eurofibre.

8 Subsequently, he had instructed his wife, Geetha, to send a bill of costs of
$5,750 to Latiff for the advice rendered. She had forgotten to do so because
they were beset with personal and family problems. Thinking that Geetha had
already sent the bill of costs to Latiff, the petitioner withdrew the
$4,815.24 from the client’s account to set off his legal costs.

9 Subsequently, the petitioner discovered that his wife had not sent the
amended bill of costs to Latiff. He decided to return the money to Latiff as
it was unfair and wrong to withdraw the money from the client’s account since
Latiff had not signed the bill of costs.

10 The petitioner met up with Latiff at McDonalds East Coast and apologised.
He wanted Latiff to record the matter as a mistake so that he could get the
investigating authorities to withdraw the matter against him. Latiff was angry
but willing to do so provided that the petitioner returned the $4,815.24 owed
as well as a refund of $700. The petitioner was surprised by the demand for
the $700 but agreed as he felt that Latiff would not otherwise help him.

11 They subsequently met at Peninsula Plaza and the petitioner returned
$5,515.24 to Latiff. He then asked Latiff to endorse the bill of costs to show
that there had been a mistake. He also offered to compensate Latiff with
$10,000 to placate Latiff and also to help Latiff who was in financial
difficulties. However Latiff refused to do so as he did not trust the
petitioner.

_**

The proceedings below

**

The petitioner’s defence in the court below

_

12 The petitioner argued that there was no case to answer as s 409 of the
Penal Code did not apply to an advocate and solicitor. In the alternative, he
claimed that he was entitled to offset the costs of his legal fees against the
money withdrawn and hence there was no dishonest misappropriation.

_

The trial judge’s holding

_

13 The trial judge held that s 409 of the Penal Code was the proper charge as
the petitioner had been entrusted with the monies in his client’s account in
the course of his duties as an advocate and solicitor.

14 The trial judge also dismissed the petitioner’s contention that he had
withdrawn the monies without any dishonest intention. Instead she found that
the petitioner had not only misappropriated the $4,815.24 with dishonest
intent, but had then systematically set about to cover his tracks by
concealing Eurofibre’s payment from Latiff and then fabricating a bill of
costs by concocting instances of advice rendered to justify his alleged set
off.

15 The trial judge having found that the prosecutor had proved its case beyond
a reasonable doubt and that the petitioner had failed to raise a reasonable
doubt by his defence, convicted the petitioner.

16 In sentencing the petitioner to seven months imprisonment, the trial judge
took into account several factors: that the sum misappropriated was not very
large; that he had claimed trial; his position as an advocate and solicitor in
a position of trust vis--vis his client; that he had set out to conceal his
misappropriation by hiding his receipt of the money from his client; his
concoction of documents to bolster his defence; his allegations against the
prosecution and courts; his lack of remorse after his conviction; that he had
made restitution, although only to get Latiff to assist him in withdrawing the
charges; and the sentencing guidelines laid down in the precedent cases.

**_

Petition for revision

_**

17 In this petition for criminal revision, the petitioner raised two issues:-

> > (1) that the trial judge had erred in law in holding that s 409 of the
> Penal Code was the correct charge in the circumstances; and
>>

>> (2) that the trial judge had made numerous errors in her findings of fact.

_**

Error of law

**_

18 The petitioner, relying on the case of _Gopalakrishnam Vanitha v PP_(1999)
4 SLR 307,__ argued that being entrusted with the doing of a job was not the
same thing as being entrusted with property. He thus argued that the situation
of an advocate and solicitor being entrusted with the job of recovering monies
on behalf of a client did not fall within the scope of s 409 of the Penal Code
as there was no entrustment of property.

19 I found no substance in such an argument. _Gopalakrishnam_ could __ be
easily distinguished as the facts there involved a confidential secretary cum
office administrator who was not entrusted with the funds of the company.

20 The position was clearly different here. An advocate and solicitor will in
the nature of his work regularly receive sums of money on behalf of his
clients. They have access to and control of these monies and this is
highlighted by the legal requirement of having to deposit such monies received
in a ‘client account.’ It is this measure of access and control that the court
would look at in determining whether there has been entrustment.

21 Thus advocates and solicitors must be taken to have been entrusted with
their client’s monies when they are entrusted with the task of collecting the
monies on their client’s behalf. Hence they would fall within the purview of s
409 of the Penal Code. This has been accepted although without being
specifically mentioned by the Singapore Court of Appeal in _Re Ram
Kishan_(1992) 1 SLR 529 __ and the Singapore High Court in _Wong Kai Chuen
Philip v PP_(1990) SLR 1011.

_**

Errors in finding of fact

**_

22 In the alternative, the petitioner argued that the trial judge had misread
the evidence so as to cause a serious miscarriage of justice. In particular,
he argued that the trial judge had erred in finding that he had:

> > (a) set out to conceal and cover his receipt of the $4,815.24 from
> Eurofibre from Latiff; and
>>

>> (b) fabricated the bill of costs by claiming costs for advice not rendered.

23 I found these contentions without any merit as these findings were amply
supported by the evidence adduced. However, for the sake of completeness, I
will examine both contentions in detail.

_

Petitioner had set out to conceal and cover his receipt of $4,815.24

_

24 The petitioner had, without any justifiable excuse, failed to inform
Latiff, over a period of two months, that Eurofibre had paid up the monies
owed. From this, the most natural conclusion to draw that the petitioner had
deliberately set out to keep Latiff in the dark as to the payment by
Eurofibre.

25 Furthermore, the petitioner had signed ‘Foo Chee Hock’, the name of the
then deputy registrar of the subordinate courts, on the writ that was faxed to
Latiff. The petitioner explained that he had done so to show Latiff that Foo
Chee Hock was the Deputy Registrar and that Foo Chee Hock would have signed it
if the writ had been filed. This absurd explanation was rightly rejected by
the trial judge and it must be fair to conclude that the petitioner had done
so to deceive Latiff into thinking that the writ had already been filed to
further conceal Eurofibre’s payment from Latiff.

26 The trial judge was thus eminently correct in finding that the petitioner
had set out to cover and conceal his receipt of the monies.

_

Petitioner had fabricated the bill of costs

_

27 The petitioner claimed costs in relation to advice rendered to Latiff on
four matters. They were firstly on his claim against Eurofibre, secondly on
his setting up a business in competition against Eurofibre, thirdly on a
security matter and lastly on Eurofibre’s claim against Junadei.

28 It is undisputed that the petitioner had advised Latiff in his claim
against Eurofibre. However the petitioner had in his bill of costs charged
Latiff for costs up to the stage of summary judgment. The petitioner could not
have been entitled to such costs because, at the time the bill was to be sent
out, Eurofibre had already paid up and the only costs that the petitioner
would possibly be entitled to would be the already paid-up $700.

29 As for the petitioner’s other claims, they were not supported by the
evidence. Latiff denied receiving any such advice as well as denying ever
informing the petitioner that he was authorised by Junadei to instruct him or
instructing the petitioner to act for Junadei. As for Junadei, he denied ever
giving any authority either actual or ostensible to the petitioner to act for
him and had in fact never met or even spoken to the petitioner.

30 This fabrication on the part of the petitioner was clearly revealed by the
transcript of the taped conversation. In the transcript, the petitioner had
openly admitted that ‘it’s a mock bill’ and that it ‘doesn’t reflect the true
picture actually’ as ‘its just to help me (the petitioner) only.’

31 As such, the trial judge had correctly found that the petitioner had
fabricated the entire bill of costs and thus had dishonestly misappropriated
the monies from his client’s account.

_**

Petition for revision

**_

32 It is the duty of the appellate court to examine the evidence and come to
an independent finding on each issue of fact. In comparison, the revisionary
court should confine itself to errors of law or procedure only and should deal
with questions of evidence or finding of facts only in exceptional
circumstances to prevent a miscarriage of justice.

33 This was affirmed in _Akalu Ahir v Ramdeo Ram_ AIR 1973 A 2145 __ where Dua
J, delivering the judgment of the Supreme Court, stated:

> > The High Court has been invested with this power (of revision) to see that
> justice is done in accordance with the recognized rules of criminal
> jurisprudence and that the subordinate courts do not exceed their
> jurisdiction or abuse the power conferred on them by law. As a general rule,
> _this power, in spite of the wide language of (the equivalent sections) Cr P
> C, does not contemplate interference with the conclusions of fact in the
> absence of serious legal infirmity and failure of justice_ [Emphasis added].

34 This was similarly stated by the court in _Ang Poh Chuan v PP_(1996) 1 SLR
326 __ that:

> > While there cannot be a precise definition of what would constitute such
> serious injustice for that would in any event unduly circumscribe what must
> be a wide discretion vested in the court, generally it must be shown that
> there is _something palpably wrong in the decision that strikes at its basis
> as an exercise of judicial power by the court below_. [Emphasis added]

35 As such, having reviewed all the evidence, there was no reason to conclude
that the trial judge had reached such a palpably wrong decision as to either
law or fact as to constitute a serious injustice to the petitioner. In fact, I
should say that the trial judge had throughout the trial gone out of her way
to accommodate the petitioner.

_**

Sentence

**_

36 I next turn to the sentence imposed by the trial judge. In dealing with a
conviction under s 409 of the Penal Code, it must be noted that cases under s
409 of the Penal Code are more serious than simple criminal breach of trust
cases since under the situations envisioned by the provision, the offender was
ex hypothesi standing in a fiduciary type relationship with the victim of the
offence.

37 This was highlighted by Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) in _Wong Kai
Chuen Philip v PP_(1990) SLR 1011 __ that:

> > criminal breach of trust by a lawyer in the discharge of his professional
> duty _must inevitably call for a custodial sentence of a deterrent nature_ ,
> not so much as to deter the offender concerned but to deter other members of
> his profession from committing similar offences. [Emphasis added]

38 Furthermore, there were other aggravating factors present in this case. The
petitioner had betrayed the trust placed in him as an advocate and solicitor.
He had then sought to conceal his receipt of monies from his client and, when
found out, had even concocted documents to justify his actions. As such, I was
of the view that the sentence imposed was manifestly inadequate.

_**

Conclusion

**_

39 Accordingly, the petition for revision was dismissed and the sentence
imposed was increased to thirty-six months.

_

Petition for revision dismissed

_

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW

Chief Justice

Republic of Singapore

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Sep 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

