Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Kim Luan v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 147

Case Number | : | MA 345/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 July 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Quek Mong Hua and Julian Tay Wei Loong (Lee & Lee) for the appellant; Alvin Chen Yi Jing (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lim Kim Luan — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Voluntarily causing hurt – Using criminal force –
Employer abusing domestic help – ss 323 & 324 read with s 73 & 352 Penal Code
(Cap 224)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Appeal against trial judge's
findings of fact – When appellate court can reverse findings  
  

**Judgment** __

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

The appellant faced six charges altogether, of which three had been stood down
for another trial. In this appeal, the three charges tried in the court below
were those for : -

> (a) voluntarily causing hurt to her domestic maid, Tri Handayani Wiryo
> Sukarto ("Yani") by kicking her three times on her back, under s 323 read
> with s 73 of the Penal Code, Cap 224 ("PC");

> (b) using criminal force on Yani by pouring warm water on the back of her
> head, near the neck, under s 352 of the CPC;
>
> (c) voluntarily causing hurt to Yani by pouring hot water onto her and
> scalding her left upper arm, under s 324 read with s 73 of the CPC;

on 21 June 2001, at or about 1.00 am at 8 Hougang Street 92, #13-02,
Singapore.

2\. There was medical evidence of injuries found on Yani. She was examined at
Changi General Hospital on 22 June 2001 at 4.00 am by Dr Tan Kok Yang ("Dr
Tan") who prepared a medical report. The injuries found on her were recorded
as follows :-

a 2 cm scalp haematoma at right parietal region;

b 0.5 cm scratch on right ear lobe;

c 3 cm x 1 cm bruise on the left neck;

d bruise corresponding to finger marks on right arm;

e 1 cm bruise on right forearm;

f 6 cm x 14 cm secondary degree burn and blistering on the left arm;

g bruises on the dorsum of both feet.

Dr Tan also gave testimony in court that, in his own medical report, he had
noted that Yani had some tenderness in the mid-thoracic region of her back.

3\. The appellant did not deny that she caused the secondary degree burn,
which was the most serious of all the injuries found on Yani. Her defence at
trial was that she had accidentally scalded Yani on her left arm, while the
rest of the injuries found on Yani were claimed by the appellant to have been
self-inflicted by Yani.

_

Yani’s version of events on 21 June 2001

_

4\. It is important to lay out in full the actual words used by Yani during
her testimony in court to describe the incident, which resulted in the three
charges being brought against the appellant :

On 21 June 2001, at about 1.00 am, my employer kicks my back 3 times. I was
then washing clothing in the bathroom. Maybe it was because I didn’t have
enough sleep. I was sleepy and she kicked me 3 times. It was painful. I didn’t
say anything to her. Maybe my employer thought I was sleeping at that time,
then my employer poured hot water at the back of my neck, towards the lower
part of my neck. Maybe, she took the water from the thermos flask. She used a
cup to get the water. _It was hot._ I didn’t say anything. I continued washing
the clothing because _I felt hot_ in my face. I looked down. Maybe my employer
thought then I was still sleeping. Then she poured hot water on me. She wanted
to pour hot water on my face. Then I used my left hand to block, using my left
upper arm. I kept quiet. _I felt very very hot._ I didn’t respond. I continued
to wash clothing. I felt scared.[emphasis added]

_

The appellant’s version of events

_

5\. The district judge had found that there were many shifts in the
appellant’s defence. This would be elaborated upon later on. The ultimate
version which the appellant put forth and maintained at this appeal was that
she had accidentally caused the scalding on the morning of 20 June 2001. She
had been in the kitchen cooking and was at the sink holding a bowl of hot
water. Yani came into the kitchen and squatted down to retrieve a floor mat in
the cabinet below the sink. When Andres (the appellant’s baby boy whom Yani
was employed to look after) started crying, Yani stood up and knocked into the
appellant, causing the hot water to spill onto Yani. After the incident, she
had apologised to Yani and applied cream for her. In the evening of 20 June
2001, the whole family, together with Yani, had gone to the National Library
to do research for a hearing the next day at the Small Claims Tribunal. They
arrived home at about 9.30 pm. Both the appellant and her husband wanted to
prepare for their case by reading the materials which they had photocopied
earlier at the National Library. At around 12.30 am on 21 June 2001, they
started preparing video clips to be used as evidence for their case. They only
finished the video clips at around 2.00 am. The next morning, they were at the
Small Claims Tribunal until 2.30 pm. In the evening, the whole family went out
together with Yani to order a birthday cake at Ang Mo Kio Central. They
reached home at about 10.00 pm and it was at about 10.45 pm that two policemen
who had responded to a call arrived.

_

The testimony of the two policemen

_

6\. On 21 June 2001, the police received an anonymous telephone call from a
male caller at 10.36 pm. The caller stated ‘Maid was abused’ and gave the home
address of the appellant. Sgt Tan Chee Hiong ("Sgt Tan") and Sgt Neo Weiko
("Sgt Neo") were dispatched to the appellant’s home. When they arrived, it was
the appellant’s husband, Low Gim Huat ("Mr Low"), who came to the door. The
police officers informed him of a maid abuse complaint. They were not let
immediately into the apartment but were told to wait for a while, before the
door was closed on them. Several minutes later, the appellant opened the door
to let the police officers in.

7\. When they were within the apartment, the police officers attempted to ask
Yani what happened. Questions were addressed to Yani but the appellant kept on
interrupting during the questioning. The appellant told them that Yani had an
injury at the left upper arm. Sgt Tan saw that there was a bandage on her arm
and asked Yani to remove it. However, he saw only parts of the injury as the
bandage was stuck onto the skin and Yani was in pain. The appellant appeared
scared and nervous. As the appellant kept on interrupting on the questioning
of Yani, Sgt Tan had to bring Yani outside the unit, out onto the corridor to
interview her. Yani was reluctant to speak and appeared tearful and scared.
When Sgt Tan persisted in asking her to tell the truth, she broke down and
told him in broken English that the appellant threw hot water onto her. Sgt
Tan called for assistance. SIO William Lee came to the scene with a Malay
interpreter and interviewed Yani. A white mug identified by Yani as used by
the appellant to throw hot water onto her was then seized from the kitchen.
Photographs were also directed to be taken.

8\. Sgt Neo also recalled an occurrence when the appellant had behaved
strangely by inviting him into the study room, when Sgt Tan went outside the
unit to speak to SIO William Lee. She informed him that she had something to
talk to him privately. When he entered into the room with her, she closed the
door. She said that she didn’t abuse the maid. Sgt Neo felt that the statement
was a general one and immediately opened the door as he was afraid of
allegations of molest and corruption. As he opened the door, he saw Mr Low
walking away from Yani upon discovering that he (Sgt Tan) was coming out of
the room.

_

The decision below

_9\. At the conclusion of the trial, the district judge found that the
prosecution had proven its case beyond a reasonable doubt. There was no
evidence of inconsistency in the prosecution’s case. Neither was any one of
the prosecution’s witnesses discredited. Yani’s consistent story was
corroborated by the testimony of the two police officers who were
disinterested witnesses. There was also independent medical evidence of Yani’s
numerous injuries._

_ 10\. On the other hand, he found that the appellant’s version of the
incident changed several times during the trial. The first version started
with Yani squatting down to wash clothes in the kitchen bathroom. The
appellant walked in holding a mug of hot water, when Yani suddenly got up and
knocked into the appellant. Then, the story changed to one where the appellant
was _cooking_ in the kitchen, and Yani was _washing clothes_ in the kitchen
bathroom. Later, it changed again, to that of Yani _coming into the kitchen,_
squatting down to retrieve a floor-mat and in the process of getting up,
colliding with the appellant who was then holding a _cup_ of hot water.
Eventually, when the appellant testified, she changed the story to her
_soaking utensils_ in hot water and holding _a small rice bowl_ of hot water.
Finally, in the closing submissions of the defence, it changed again, to that
of the appellant _soaking a bowl with hot water_ (the district judge’s
emphasis)._

_ 11\. The defence of the appellant that Yani had self-inflicted the injuries
on herself, other than the burn injury, was found to be far-fetched and
unbelievable. The defence’s submission was that the injuries were self-
inflicted either within the six days before photographs of the injuries were
taken on 27 June 2001 or when the appellant and her husband were at the Small
Claims Tribunal on the morning of 21 June 2001. The first possibility was
groundless as Yani was examined on 22 June 2001. As for the second
possibility, the district judge found it incredible that, after the scalding
incident, Yani, without any motive or purpose, immediately came up with a
scheme, self-inflicted such extensive injuries on herself and then informed
the police through an anonymous telephone call by an unidentified male.
Despite all the preparation, which the appellant had apparently done with the
intention to repatriate Yani back to Indonesia, there was no evidence that
Yani had any knowledge of it at all.

12\. Therefore, the district judge convicted the appellant and sentenced her
to ten months’ imprisonment for scalding Yani with hot water, two months’
imprisonment for kicking Yani’s back three times and also imposed a fine of
$500 for pouring warm water on the back of her head. The imprisonment
sentences were ordered to run concurrently.

_

The appeal

_13\. In this appeal, the bulk of the appellant’s challenges were directed
towards the district judge’s findings of fact. The principles governing an
appellate court’s role in reviewing a trial judge’s findings of fact are well-
settled. In _PP v Azman bin_ _Abdullah_[1998] 2 SLR 704 at 21, I made the
following observations :

It is well-settled law that in any appeal against a finding of fact, an
appellate court will generally defer to the conclusion of the trial judge who
has had the opportunity to see and assess the credibility of the witnesses. An
appellate court, if it wishes to reverse the trial judge’s decision, _must not
merely entertain doubts whether the decision is right but must be convinced
that it is wrong : see PP v Poh Oh Sim_[1990] SLR 1047 [emphasis added].

I now turn to the appeal proper.

_

Shifts in the appellant’s defence

_

14\. It was contended that the supposed shifts in the defence as highlighted
by the district judge in his judgment happened as a result of a series of
mistakes made by the appellant’s counsel and that she had informed him
accordingly of the mistakes, immediately after the hearing on 29 October and
again before 3 December 2001. When the appellant’s counsel made mistakes again
at the hearing on 3 December 2001, the appellant discharged him and
represented herself in court. As such, the defence was only brought in line
with the correct version ultimately put forth on 3 December 2001. What the
district judge cited as a shift was no more than the appellant’s reaffirming
the correct version of what happened.

15\. I found this difficult to accept. The shifts in defence did not merely
involve which receptacle the appellant was holding when the accident occurred;
whether it was a mug or a bowl or a cup. It shifted entirely from Yani
_squatting down to wash clothes in the kitchen bathroom_ and the appellant
_walking in with a mug of hot water_ to Yani _being in the kitchen_ squatting
down _to retrieve a floor mat_ and knocking into the appellant _who was at the
sink with a bowl of hot water._ The appellant was noted by the district judge
to be a highly intelligent woman. She was writing notes throughout the whole
trial. On 29 October 2001, there were several occasions when she had signalled
to her counsel for communication. The district judge had allowed the counsel
to step over to the dock to discuss things with her. The ‘mistakes’ made by
counsel were not minor contradictions but deviated greatly from the supposed
‘correct version’. And yet the appellant failed to point out those mistakes to
her counsel or to the court during the trial of 29 October 2001, despite
having had several opportunities to do so.

_

The video clips

_16\. The district judge was doubtful of the timings stated in the video clips
which were recorded on the night of the alleged abuse. In his view, the timer
could always be adjusted to reflect the time desired. Counsel for the
appellant argued that the district judge had erred in this regard. I accept
his submissions that, while the timer could be adjusted _before_ the recording
started, it could not be done so _after_ the recording. There was sufficient
evidence to show that the preparation of the video clips was made way before
the police arrived at the appellant’s apartment on the night of 21 June 2001.
As such, there was no reason to doubt the authenticity of the video clips.

17\. Nevertheless, in my opinion, the district judge was correct to attach
very little weight to the video clips. The video clips were tendered as
evidence in court to substantiate the appellant’s claim that she was assisting
her husband, Mr Low, to make the video clips on 21 June 2001 between 12.30 pm
to 2.00 am. It was argued that she could not thus have scalded Yani at around
1.15 am, the time at which the incident was alleged to have occurred. However,
the first two video clips was found to have stated the time to be 12.53 am and
1.23 am respectively and they did not contain any images. The third video clip
had a recording of a wooden TV console as well as of Mr Low opening drawers,
with the appellant’s voice in the background. This third video clip had the
timing stated as 1.54 am. As the first two video clips did not contain any
images, and the time of the alleged abuses as stated in the charges were
between 1 am and 1.15 am, it was clear that the video clips did not help to
advance the appellant’s case. In addition, Mr Low’s testimony that the
appellant was with him during the entire recording of the video clips had to
be treated with caution as he was found to be an interested witness. Mr Low’s
doubts, hesitation, signs of anxiety and nervousness in court as recorded by
the district judge further eroded his credibility as a witness. In my view,
the district judge was clearly entitled to disbelieve Mr Low’s testimony.__

Yani’s testimony of the incident

18\. It was argued that the district judge was wrong to have believed Yani’s
testimony as her version of events was inherently incredible. Yani had
testified that she was squatting down in the toilet and was sleepy. Presumably
she was leaning forward. SIO William Lee’s testimony was that Yani had told
him that her employer came from behind and used hot water to splash on her
left arm. In such a position, it was not possible for Yani to have known where
the water was obtained from or the receptacle used by the appellant and yet
Yani identified both the thermos flask and the mug respectively. Furthermore,
Yani’s version that she used her arm to ward off the hot water would have
necessitated or at least given cause for the sides of her body to be scalded
as well and yet there were no burn marks on the left side of her body. In
addition, it was most unusual how the same ‘hot’ water could have such
markedly different effects, causing no marks or burns on Yani’s neck but yet
purportedly hot enough to scald her arm.

19\. In my opinion, there is really nothing so unbelievable about Yani’s
testimony. She had testified in her examination-in-chief that "maybe, she took
the water from the thermos flask". She was not clear as to the origin of the
hot water but surely it was not difficult for her to assume that it came from
a thermos flask in the kitchen, in which hot water is normally stored.
Furthermore, it could not be said that it was impossible for her to see the
receptacle used by the appellant to splash hot water on her, _as_ she raised
her left arm to ward off the water. It was a reflex action, indicative of the
fact that Yani must have seen the appellant approaching her with the
receptacle a few moments before the hot water was actually splashed onto her
left arm.

20\. As for the fact that there were no burn marks on her left side, it did
not mean that Yani’s version was not to be preferred over the appellant’s. The
district judge was entitled to note the nature of the injury from the
photographs, as a well-defined burn from severe scalding and compare it with
both the appellant’s and Yani’s versions of the events. I was inclined to
believe that such a well-defined burn would more likely be caused by a
deliberate splashing of hot water using direct force rather than an accidental
spillage of hot water from a bowl. In my view, the district judge was correct
to make the determination that Yani’s version of events was more in line with
the burn injury.

21\. As for the allegation that the ‘hot’ water was the same and could not
have caused different effects, the district judge had dealt with this point
thoroughly in his judgment and, in this regard, it was not possible to
overturn his finding of fact. He had rightly noted that Yani used two
different descriptions for the temperature of water. He had also referred to
_Kamus Dwibahasa,_ a Malay dictionary and found that in the Malay language, no
difference is made between ‘warm’ and ‘hot’. In the light of such
observations, he was of the view that the two different phrases used by Yani
to describe what she felt to be different temperatures poured on her neck and
her arm respectively, ‘hot’ and ‘very very hot’ must be regarded as sensible
and fitting in the circumstances.

_

The rest of the injuries

_

22\. In the medical report itself, Dr Tan had recorded that he was unable to
say anything of the age of the injuries and that the possibility of self-
infliction of the injuries was uncertain. Counsel for the appellant argued
that there was no evidence that Yani was never allowed to leave the apartment.
She had had opportunities to meet with the neighbours and even to mingle with
other maids in the estate. If the appellant had indeed abused Yani, why had
she not complained to anyone about it? Yani could also have gone to her agent,
Florence Chua ("Ms Chua"), for help but she did not do so. It was said that
the only reasonable explanation for this was that the appellant had never
assaulted or abused her. The district judge failed to consider sufficiently
the possibility that the rest of the injuries, other than the burn injury
found on Yani, were self-inflicted or even that they were old injuries from
bruises that Yani had sustained during the course of the work.

23\. From the evidence, it seemed that the only time that Yani was left alone
in the apartment after the alleged ‘scalding accident’ on 20 June 2001 was
when the appellant and her husband had been at the Small Claims Tribunal. It
is doubtful that during that short span of time, Yani could have self-
inflicted herself with such extensive injuries and then come up with a scheme
to get an anonymous male caller to inform the police.

24\. More importantly, the appellant had not been able to give a reasonable
explanation as to why Yani would have wanted to self-inflict injuries on
herself. The only reason that the appellant offered was that Yani did not want
to be sent back to Indonesia. Yet, despite all that was being done to
repatriate Yani back to Indonesia, such as obtaining a letter of repatriation
from the maid agency, there was no evidence whatsoever that Yani had any
knowledge of it. Without a motive on Yani’s part, it is an incredible defence
to say that Yani had planned, executed and endured such a great extent of
injuries on herself.

25\. To suggest that the injuries were sustained in the course of work was
even more revealing. There were bruises corresponding to _finger marks_ on the
right arm of Yani. By no stretch of any imagination, could it be said that
such bruises were sustained in the ordinary course of work as a domestic maid.

_

The biting incident

_26\. It transpired during the trial that Yani had bitten the arm of the
appellant’s baby, Andres, once before and this had been reported to the police
by the appellant on 23 March 2001. It was argued by the counsel for the
appellant that this incident was of major significance; namely, that it showed
the vicious nature and character of Yani in biting a helpless 9-month old
baby, Yani’s propensity to lie in court and finally the forgiving and
considerate nature of the appellant in giving Yani a second chance and not
repatriating her immediately. Counsel for the appellant made much of this
incident, contending that the district judge had, unfortunately, not
appreciated sufficiently the significance of this biting incident.

27\. A reading of the judgment of the district judge revealed that he did, in
fact, accept that Yani had bitten the arm of the baby and had considered the
issue of whether a maid who had bitten a baby could well concoct lies to
‘frame’ the appellant. He was of the conclusion that Yani had not been
inconsistent and saw no reason to disbelieve her testimony that she bit the
baby when the appellant was beating her legs with a toy stick. Yani had never
given different versions of the biting incident herself. Her version of the
incident was contradicted by the maid agent, Ms Chua and by the appellant’s
good friend, Basil Camoeus, who spoke to Yani soon after the incident.
However, the district judge had dealt with their evidence thoroughly. He found
that Ms Chua was only told about the incident by the appellant herself and had
never had the opportunity to speak to Yani about it. As such, Yani could not
have told her that she bit the baby because she wanted to force a three-pin
plug out of the baby’s mouth. As for Basil Cameous’s testimony, the district
judge found it to be vague and did not establish much other than the fact that
Yani had bitten the baby, a point which was not disputed. Despite the biting
incident, the district judge found, on the totality of evidence before him,
that Yani had been truthful and that there was no basis to reject her
evidence. I saw no reason to depart from the district judge’s finding that
Yani had neither been inconsistent nor had she concocted lies to frame the
appellant.

_

Conclusion

_28\. In conclusion, I found that the appellant could not succeed in her
appeal. She was unable to show that the district judge was wrong in coming to
his conclusion that the prosecution had proven its case beyond a reasonable
doubt. Yani was merely eighteen years old at the time of employment and the
appellant was her first employer since she arrived in Singapore from
Indonesia. The actions of the appellant in abusing a mere eighteen-year old
girl under her power and authority were wholly reprehensible. The district
judge had properly considered all the circumstances of the case on the issue
of sentence and the sentence could not be regarded as manifestly excessive.
Accordingly, I dismissed the appeal and upheld the sentence imposed by the
court below. _

Appeal dismissed

_

Sgd:

**YONG PUNG HOW**

**Chief Justice**

Republic of Singapore

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

