Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tai Sea Nyong v Overseas Union Bank Ltd  
[2002] SGHC 40

Case Number | : | Suit 513/2001/G  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 February 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Carolyn Tan (Tan & Au Partnership) for the plaintiff; Hri Kumar and Ajay Advani (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Tai Sea Nyong — Overseas Union Bank Ltd   
  
Land – Sale of land – Sale by mortgagee in possession – Whether permissible to
use forced sale valuation of mortgaged property as theoretical estimate of
property's value under mortgagee sale – Distinction between sale by mortgagee
and sale by owner – Whether sale price conclusive of property's true market
value – Whether experts' valuations admissible in the absence of fault by
mortgagee  
  
Land – Sale of land – Sale by mortgagee in possession – Appropriate focus in
assessing whether mortgagee in breach of duty – Whether reasonable steps taken
by mortgagee to sell property – Whether fair to expect mortgagee to get price
that meets experts' valuation  
  
Land – Sale of land – Sale by mortgagee in possession – Duty of mortgagee when
exercising power of sale – Realising true market value of property  
  
Land – Sale of land – Sale by mortgagee in possession – Whether mortgagee
under obligation to account for notional rent – Circumstances under which
mortgagee liable to account for such rent  
  
Land – Sale of land – Sale by mortgagee in possession – Duty of mortgagee when
exercising power of sale – Efforts to sell property – Duty to maintain
property – Duty to advertise sale adequately – Duty to choose appropriate
method of sale – Duty to put potential buyers in competition with each other –
Whether reasonable steps taken by defendants to get true market value of
property  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

_

Introduction

_

l. This was an action by Tai Sea Nyong (Tai) against Overseas Union Bank Ltd
(OUB/the bank) for damages suffered as a result of OUBs alleged breach of duty
as a mortgagee in possession. Tai had mortgaged No. 20 Leedon Road (the
Property) to OUB and the bank repossessed the Property when he defaulted on
his loans. He alleged that OUB sold the Property without taking all reasonable
steps to obtain its true market value. Tai also claimed that OUB had an
obligation to rent out the Property prior to its sale and should account to
him for such notional rent. At the conclusion of the ten (10) days trial, I
dismissed Tais claim as being totally devoid of merit; he has now appealed
against my decision (in Civil Appeal No. 600147 of 2001).

_

  
Undisputed facts

_

2\. OUB extended loan and credit facilities to Tai which were secured by the
Property as well as his factory at No. 34 Kaki Bukit Place. In the middle of
1999, Tais business (Hilamda Pte Ltd) suffered a cash flow problem and he
defaulted on his loan. As a result, OUB took out an action (in Originating
Summons No. 1009 of 1999) to repossess the Property. On 6 August 1999, OUB
obtained an Order of Court which inter alia, gave it possession of the
Property within 14 days, judgment against Tai in the sum of $15,442,564.76 and
the power to sell the Property. However, Tai did not vacate the Property by 20
August 1999. Instead, he instructed his solicitors to write two letters to
OUBs solicitors (and he also wrote to OUB directly) between 18 August and 31
August, seeking repeated extensions of time to remain on the Property, on the
basis that he was carrying out negotiations to sell the Property. On 31 August
1999, OUB gave Tai an ultimatum to vacate the Property or face contempt
proceedings. He did not comply; instead, he instructed his solicitors to seek
another extension of time on 3 September 1999. On 13 September 1999, OUB
commenced contempt proceedings against Tai and successfully obtained an Order
of Court for vacant possession of the Property by 12 November 1999. Tai
breached this Order, was fined ($2,500) for contempt of court in Originating
Summons No. 1009 of 1999 and finally delivered up vacant possession on 19
November 1999.

3\. After taking possession, OUB took steps to sell the Property. In early
December 1999, the bank engaged two estate agencies, Edmund Tie and Co.
(Edmund Tie) and FPDSavills (Savills) to do valuations of the Property; the
bank also engaged its associate Overseas Union Realty Services (OURS) to
maintain the Property.

4\. In mid-December 1999, OUB orally instructed Knight Frank Pte Ltd (Knight
Frank) to market the Property; the company was formally appointed by the
bank's letter dated 9 February 2000. As part of its marketing efforts, Knight
Frank direct-mailed to clients on its database, fixed **FOR SALE** signboards
at the Property and advertised the auctions scheduled for 6 January and 9
March, 2000, in the English and Chinese dailies. At the two (2) auctions, the
reserve price ($12.6m) of the Property set by OUB was not reached. Indeed,
there were no bids and no one approached the auctioneers privately after the
auction either. Knight Frank also advertised the Property for sale by private
treaty, following the auctions. However, no offers were received, despite
these efforts.

5\. In mid-March 2000, the bank was told by Knight Frank the company had
received an offer of $10.9m for the Property. This was followed by an offer on
17 March 2000 made through Colliers Jardine (Singapore) Pte Ltd (Colliers)
from Prospect Investment Pte Ltd. (Prospect) of $11.5m. On 10 April 2000, OUBs
solicitors wrote to Tais solicitors to inform Tai of these offers and invited
him to better these offers in two weeks, failing which OUB would sell the
Property. On 13 April 2000, OUB received a better offer of $11.7m through
Knight Frank. OUB informed Colliers of the same as which result Prospect
increased its offer to $11.7m. Tai did not revert to OUB within the two weeks
deadline or at all. Consequently, on 16 May 2000, OUB granted Prospect an
option to purchase the Property at $11.7m which was exercised on 30 May 2000;
the sale was completed on 22 August 2000.

_

  
The plaintiffs case

_

6\. Tai brought up three (3) reasons to found his claim that OUB breached its
duty as mortgagees in exercising the power of sale by not taking reasonable
steps to obtain the true market value of the Property; these claims were
denied by OUB. Tai alleged:-

  1. the Property was sold at an undervalue as it was below the open market valuation of the Property;
  2. the steps taken to sell the Property were inadequate because the marketing and conduct of the sale were shoddily done by OUB and Knight Frank;
  3. OUB failed to properly maintain the Property so that it could be sold at its true market value.

7\. Tai relied on the testimonies of two (2) professional valuers namely, Seow
It Sze @ Ibrahim Abdullah (Seow) and Tang Kok Kong (Tang), to establish the
true market value of the Property. Seow (who described himself as an expert
valuer) said he had worked in the real estate line since 1972 whilst Tang
(from Henry Butcher Appraisal Group) has had 24 years' experience in
valuation. Both witnesses testified that the Property was sold at an
undervalue because the price achieved reflected the forced sale value and not
the open market value, of the Property. They agreed that the definition of a
"_forced sale_ " by the International Valuation Standards Committee was
correct; that definition states:

> price which arises from disposition under extraordinary or atypical
> circumstances, usually reflecting an inadequate marketing period without
> reasonable publicity, and sometimes reflecting an unwilling seller
> condition, and/or disposal under compulsion or duress.

However, they testified that the forced sale value of the Property was
irrelevant and OUB should have obtained the open market value for the Property
since it had a reasonable time-frame in which to market and sell the Property
properly, notwithstanding it was a mortgagee sale.

8\. Seow (PW2) assessed the market value of the Property to be $15.8m as at 16
May 2000\. He said he had inspected the Property (from the outside only) and
based his valuation on the property remaining in its existing state and
without redevelopment potential. In his cross-examination (NE114-115) Seow
said he had taken into account various negative features of the Property
although he did not record them in his report (dated 3 September 2001) or
mention them in his examination-in-chief. Seow testified that the valuations
done by the bank's experts Nicolas Cheng (Cheng) and David Chia (Chia) were
inaccurate. Cheng had valued the open market value of the Property at $14m
while Chias valuation was $13m. However, no reasons were offered as to why
their values were wrong. Seow did not think that the value accepted by the
property tax department of the Inland Revenue Authority (IRAS) i.e. $11.7m
reflected the correct value of the Property. He said this was because IRAS
used different criteria and was prompted by reasons different from valuers in
assessing the market value of the Property.

9\. Tangs valuation (dated 19 February 2001) of the market value of the
Property was $14.525m as of 16 May 2000. Like Seow, Tang (PW4) never saw the
interior of the Property but relied on Tais description which not
unexpectedly, painted the Property in glowing terms. It is noteworthy that by
the dates of their valuations, the house on the Property had already been
demolished. In his report, Tang stated that he relied on current prices paid
for five (5) properties that were considered similar to the Property which
prices he then adjusted to take into account negative aspects of the Property.
Questioned by counsel for the bank (NE232), Tang agreed that Chengs valuation
of $14m was reasonable. He also agreed that the comparables which Cheng and
Chia took into account were reasonable (save for No. 2 Dalvey Estate used by
Chia which was a conservation bungalow). His only comment was that Cheng
should have considered the re-development potential of the Property and if he
had done so, the valuation would have been closer to his own. However, Tang
rejected the value of $11.7m accepted by IRAS as an indication of the market
value of the Property.

10\. With respect to the marketing of the Property, Tai relied on the
testimony of Tan Wee Seng (Tan), a real estate agent who had 20 years of
experience in marketing various types of properties in Singapore. Tan (PW3)
criticised Knight Franks marketing efforts for the following reasons:

> (a) Knight Frank did not place more prominent advertisements (10 cm x 3
> columns) to highlight the re-development potential of the Property. These
> advertisements should be made exclusively for the Property and placed in
> major English and Chinese newspapers at least three (3) times a week;
>
> (b) Knight Frank should have properly maintained the Property and conducted
> more "open houses" during the weekends;
>
> (c) Knight Frank should have placed prominent "For Sale" signs at the
> Property which should also emphasise its re-development potential.

11\. In addition, although Tang and Seow were not experts on marketing, they
testified that the reason the bank did not obtain the open market valuation
and hence the true market value of the Property was due to OUB's failure to
properly market the Property. According to Seow, it was unreasonable of OUB to
accept the offer of $11.7m after two failed auctions, even though interest on
the principal debt owed by Tai was accruing at $1.5m a year. He suggested that
OUB should have looked at the marketing process and in the meantime, should
not accept such a low offer. As for Tang, he testified that when Knight Frank
failed to sell the Property in the two auctions, OUB should have continued its
attempts to sell the Property at the market value instead of concluding the
sale hastily at its forced sale value.

12\. Knight Frank was also criticised for marketing the Property during the
Christmas/school holidays periods when buying interest would be low. Tai
further complained that he was given insufficient time (namely two weeks) to
come up with a better offer before the Property was eventually sold to
Prospect; as such, OUB failed to give him a realistic opportunity to market
the Property himself.

13\. Tai claimed that OUB had rejected the offers he had received in
August/September 1999 ranging between $12.3m to $15.5m. His evidence was that
he had informed OUB in writing of the identities of potential buyers of the
Property. However, OUB failed to follow-up on any of the potential purchasers.
He also relied on the evidence of Calvin King (King), a businessman who made
an offer in February 1999 of US $11m for his business, to be secured by his
factory and the Property. This offer was revoked in September 1999 when Tai
informed King (PW5) that the Property/the factory had been re-possessed. Tai
relied on Kings testimony to prove he had an offer equivalent to $16m for the
Property, which OUB did not pursue.

14\. With respect to OUBs alleged failure to maintain the Property, Tai
testified he had informed OUB by a letter dated 18 November 1999 that he would
be terminating the electricity and utility supplies to the Property. In
addition, he also forwarded the keys for the auto-gate to OUBs solicitors on
the same date. According to Tai, OUB did not object and he proceeded to
terminate those services on or about 3 December 1999. OUBs solicitors wrote to
Tai on 8 March 2000 to complain that its agents could not enter the Property
because OUB only had the auto-gate control which required electricity to work,
which supply had been cut off. Tai thereby inferred that OUB did not have
access to the Property from December 2000 till March 2000 for purposes of
maintenance. In addition, he concluded that the lack of access meant that
Knight Frank did not conduct "open houses" to market the Property. Tai relied
on a letter dated 1 March 2000 from Alexander Pool Specialists (the company
hired by OUB to carry out pool maintenance) to OUB. This letter informed OUB
that the bank had locked the gate for 2 weeks, the swimming pool was very
dirty and the water had turned green. Tai claimed that this showed that the
pool had not been maintained.

15\. Apart from claiming that OUB breached its duties when it sold the
Property for $11.7m, Tai also alleged that the Property was left vacant for
ten (10) months from November 1999 to August 2000, when OUB should have rented
it out.

_

  
The defendants case

_

16\. OUB called Cheng and Chia to testify on the forced sale and open market
values of the Property. They said it was not possible to achieve the market
value of the Property when it was sold in a mortgagees sale, even with proper
marketing. Cheng is the executive director of DTZ Debenham Tie Leung (formerly
Edmund Tie) and has been a property valuer for 15 years while Chia, the
managing-director of Savills, has 20 years' similar experience.

17\. Both Cheng and Chia took into account similar considerations in assessing
the value of the Property. In their reports, they identified two common
negative characteristics of the Property which affected its value:-

> (a) the Property was located at the T-junction of Leedon Road and Ford
> Avenue, which meant that it had bad fengshui or geomancy;
>
> (b) the Property was next to an 11-storey condominium development known as
> Jade Mansion and thus suffered from constant lack of privacy, an important
> consideration affecting the minds of buyers of such good class bungalows.

In addition, Cheng (DW6) considered the negative implications (for rebuilding
because it required levelling) of the undulating terrain of the Property and
the age (40 odd years) of the house, albeit it was extensively renovated in
1992. Neither took into account the re-development potential of the Property.

18\. Like Tang, Cheng and Chia used the comparative sales method of valuation
and looked at the sale price of comparable properties that were selected
because they were large freehold lands and, were sold relatively shortly
before the valuation of the Property. Two of the properties are also in the
same vicinity as the Property. The comparable properties used by both
witnesses are as follows:

No |  Property |  Area (sq. ft) |  Tenure | Date of Sale |  Price ($million) |  Rate (p.s.f) |  Type  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
1 | 24 Leedon Road |  22,329 |  Free-hold | May 1999 |  7.6 |  340 | Old single storey bungalow undergoing redevelopment  
2 | 5 Leedon Park |  37,876 |  Free- hold | Sept. 1999 |  15.5 |  409 | Part 1/part 2 storey bungalow  
3 | 11 Queen Astrid Park |  31,807 |  999 years | Nov 1999 |  12.5 |  393 | A single storey bungalow in good condition  
  
Chia (DW5) further used No. 9 Queen Astrid Park for comparison. This property
is/was a single-storey bungalow with a land area of 27,716 sq ft, of 999
years' tenure, which was sold at $9.5m in November 1999, at $343 per sq ft. He
said No. 24 Leedon Road which he used was a particularly good comparable
because it was adjoining the Property and suffered from the same negative
characteristic (undulating land). Significantly, neither Seow nor Tang used
No. 24 Leedon Road as a comparable. Indeed in Seows case, no comparables were
even stated in his valuation report.

19\. After making the necessary adjustments to the comparables, Chia assessed
the market value of the Property to be $13m or $349 per sq ft as at 4 December
1999. He testified that IRAS had taxed the Property at an annual value of $314
per sq ft or $11.7m showing that it accepted $11.7m as a fair market price for
the Property. This was persuasive evidence that supported his own assessment
of the market value of the Property. As for Cheng, he assessed the market
value of the Property to be $14m or $376 per sq ft as at 22 December 1999. He
revealed that Vivian Kong of the bank had telephoned him on 6 April 2002 to
ask for an update and he had told her the market value of the Property had not
changed since December 1999, it remained at $14m.

20\. The two experts testified the forced sale value of the Property was
relevant to their valuations. They accepted the same definition of "_forced
sale_ " found in the SISV Real Estate Glossary. "_Forced sale_ " was defined
as follows:

> open market value, with a proviso that the vendor has imposed a time limit
> for completion of the sale which cannot be regarded as a reasonable period
> of time, taking into account the nature of the asset, its location and the
> state of the market.

They opined that the forced sale value is equally applicable when there is a
sale under duress or atypical circumstances. They classified mortgagees sales
under this category and treated such sales differently from owners sales.
Hence, the forced sale value of the Property was relevant. Cheng and Chia
applied a discount of 10% to the market value to arrive at a forced sale value
of $12.6m and $11.7m respectively for the Property.

21\. Both valuers also testified that it was unrealistic to expect to achieve
the market value of the Property in mortgagee sales. This is because such
properties are considered to have bad fengshui by Chinese generally and hence
attract offers lower than their market value. Cheng gave evidence that offers
will also be lower because the buyer will be in a stronger bargaining position
vis--vis a mortgagees who are keen on disposing the property, particularly in
a weak market. Chia testified that the price a property can fetch in a
mortgagee sale is unpredictable but cited a research analysis report produced
by SISV Services Pte. Ltd. This report stated that apartments and condominiums
transacted through mortgagee sales tended to fetch prices about 18% less
compared to similar properties sold through ordinary means and is evidence
that mortgagee sale prices are normally lower than a propertys open market
value.

22\. On Tai's allegation that the Property was not properly marketed and or
the conduct of the sale was shoddily done, OUB relied on the testimonies of
Sai Tok Guek @ Mary Sai (Sai) and Grace Ng Ling Beng (Ng). Sai (DW1) is a
director of Knight Franks auctions department with 12 years' experience as an
auctioneer. She was in charge of the marketing and the auction of the
Property. Ng (DW2) is the head of the auctions department in Jones Lang
Lasalle Property Consultants Pte. Ltd. ('Jones Lang'), with 13 years of
experience as an auctioneer. Both witnesses had conducted auctions for all
sectors of the property market for clients who included other banks.

23\. Sai testified that she conducted both auctions of the Property. At the
first auction, there were about 100 attendees while the second auction drew a
response of about 150 people. She said this was the normal turnout for an
auction. She asserted that Knight Frank took all reasonable steps to market
the Property before the auctions; these included:-

> a. distributing details of the Property to Knight Franks customers (500-600)
> by direct mailing; these included lawyers, bankers and developers and if any
> person wanted more information, she would follow-up by sending the inquirer
> further details;
>
> b. placing 14 advertisements in toto in the English and Chinese dailies. The
> advertisements ran for two (2) weeks prior to each auction. She testified
> that the sizes and descriptions were well within the industry standard and
> produced copies of the advertisements she had placed for the Property and
> those placed by other auction houses as comparisons. Five (5) more
> advertisements were placed in the newspapers after the two auctions;
>
> c. affixing "**Auction** " and "**For Sale** " signs at the Property;
>
> d. showing (with her assistant) ten (10) prospective buyers around the
> Property.

24\. To rebut Tais allegations that the Property ought to have been sold by
tender, Sai pointed out that selling the Property by auction was appropriate
for a mortgagee sale. Mortgagees would generally sell mortgaged properties by
public auction first, because it is the most transparent method. If the
auction was unsuccessful, they would usually repeat the auction and then
resort to other methods of sale such as private treaty or tender. In her
experience, very few mortgagees would sell by tender without first trying the
auction method.

25\. As for Ng, she testified that the steps taken by Knight Frank to market
the Property were more than reasonable. The fact that Knight Frank auctioned
the Property during or close to the school holidays was not conduct that could
be criticised. This is because there is never a perfect time to carry out an
auction and in any case, it is common practice for potential buyers to send
representatives to auctions. Ng agreed with Sai that the number of attendees
at each for the two (2) auctions was normal. In addition, although some
advertisements were placed during the school holidays, Knight Frank placed
advertisements throughout December 1999 up to April 2000; thus, the sale was
sufficiently publicised. She agreed with Sai that an auction is the most
transparent and prudent way of conducting the sale since the Property was not
so large as to warrant a sale by tender.

26\. Chia Kook Vee (CKV), a vice-president of OUBs Credit Management
Department, was the bank's representative who had the overall supervision of
the sale of the Property. He (DW3) testified that the plaintiff and his
solicitors did write to OUB. However, he disputed Tais claim that Tai informed
OUB of the numerous firm offers for the sale of the Property from August 1999
to November 1999. CKV pointed out that none of the letters referred to _any_
agreement for the sale of the Property or _any_ firm offers which led to the
signing of an option to purchase together with the payment of option monies.

27\. CKV testified that OUB took the usual steps taken to sell mortgaged
properties in this sale; the bank had not been criticised when it took such
steps in previous mortgagee sales. The bank had appointed Edmund Tie and
Savills to carry out valuations and Knight Frank to market and sell the
Property, in December 1999, less than a month after it obtained possession.
After appointing Knight Frank, OUB left the marketing and sale of the Property
to Knight Frank's discretion as they are professionals and would know what to
do. The bank attempted to auction the Property because it was/is the usual
practice of the bank to sell re-possessed properties by auction first.

28\. CKV testified that Sai informed him in mid-March 2000 that she received
an offer for the Property at $10.9m. A few days later, he received another
offer from a client of Colliers, at $11.5m. He then informed Colliers that OUB
would accept its offer unless Tai procures a better one or OUB received a
better offer while waiting for Tais response. Tai was duly informed of both
offers and was given two (2) weeks from 10 April 2000 to come up with a better
offer but did not. However, on 13 April 2000, Knight Frank managed to find a
buyer who was willing to pay $11.7m. CKV then reverted to Colliers who matched
the price and Prospect thereby secured the option to purchase on 16 May 2000.
He testified he was unwilling to ask Knight Franks client to increase their
price for fear of starting a private bidding war and losing both offers
eventually.

29\. CKV also rebutted Tais allegation that OUB did not maintain the property
because it did not have the keys to the Property and could not gain access to
the Property when Tai cut off the power supply needed to operate the auto-
gate. He said OUB had access to the Property at all material times (save for
the first three (3) weeks of March 2000) and were thus able to maintain the
Property; Tai cut off the electricity supply only in March 2000. Since Tai did
not supply OUB with the manual control keys to the auto-gate but only the keys
to the house, OUB had no access because it relied on the remote control to
enter the Property. However, the loss of access was only temporary and once
OUB regained entry, Alexander Pool Specialist took additional steps to clean
the pool. He relied on the same letter dated 1 March 2000 from that company,
as Tai did.

30\. OUB's contention was supported by Sai's testimony. Knight Frank conducted
ten (10) inspections with prospective buyers, which would not have been
possible if there was no access. Sai also testified that the Property was
properly maintained and she found it in a reasonably good condition when she
inspected the Property with prospective buyers. In addition, she had not
received any complaints otherwise.

31\. To reinforce its case that OUB always had access to the Property other
than for about three (3) weeks in March 2000, OUB called Ong Chai Huk (Ong) to
testify. Ong's company (Ong Hai Chwee Enterprises Pte Ltd) was engaged to
change the locks of the Property on 3 December 1999; he had also arranged for
the auto-gate to be repaired on 21 February 2000. He had entered the Property
in mid-February 2000 with a representative of OURS. It was only on 22 March
2000 that the bank's Vivian Kong told Ong (DW4) that the Property was
inaccessible because there was no electricity to operate the auto-gate. Ong
was instructed to obtain the keys to the auto-gate so that it could be opened
manually. He said he climbed the auto-gate to retrieve the keys from the
distribution power box of the Property; he then handed the keys to OUB.

32\. As to Tais allegation that OUB should have rented out the Property, OUB
argued that the obligation to rent only arises when there is a delay in the
sale of mortgaged properties. OUB submitted there was no such delay since the
Property was put on sale about six (6) weeks after repossession, an offer was
received within two (2) months of the first auction and the sale was completed
two (2) months after the offer was received. OUB relied on Seows testimony
that the potential rent was only $20,000 per month while Tai was incurring
interest at $125,000 per month on his loan, to show that it was reasonable for
OUB to try to sell the Property instead of letting it out.

_

  
Realising the true market value of the Property

_

33\. It was common ground that OUB had a duty to act in good faith and a duty
to take reasonable care to obtain the true market value at the date on which
it decides to sell the Property. This principle enunciated in _Cuckmere Brick
Co Ltd v Mutual Finance Ltd_ [1971] 2 AER 633 is well established and has been
applied in numerous local decisions (see _Lee Nyet Khiong v Lee Nyet Yun
Janet_[1997] 2 SLR 713 and more recently in _Sri Jaya (Sdn.) Bhd. v RHB Bank
Bhd._[2001] 1 SLR 486). However, the parties' dispute centred on the figure
that represented the true market value of the Property.

34\. Tai claimed that the true market value of the Property could not be a
price reflective of merely its forced sale value. He contended that the true
market value must reflect the accurate and updated open market valuation of
the Property. OUB on the other hand, argued that the Property's true market
value was its sale price of $11.7m since the same was achieved after a
competent firm of estate agents had properly marketed the Property.

35\. OUB relied on the fact that all the expert witnesses on valuation agreed
that valuation was not an exact science and, that the best evidence of the
market value of a property is the actual sales price it obtained after the
property is properly marketed. Valuations put forward by the various expert
valuers are merely theoretical estimates. OUBs case was that such evidence by
experts should be admissible against OUB only if it was at fault and caused
the sales price not to be reflective of the true market value of the Property.
For these propositions, OUB relied on _The Bank of East Asia Ltd. v Tan Chin
Mong Holdings_[2001] 2 SLR 193, 205. In that case, Selvam J said at para 41 (p
205):

> ..In any event, as a matter of principle, _where the mortgagees are not in
> breach of their duties in relation to their power of sale, their liability
> cannot be measured on the basis of valuers opinions._ Expert evidence on
> value should be admissible against the mortgagees only in cases where they
> are at fault as in _Cuckmere Brick Co. v Mutual Finance_

The judge added at para 42 (p 206):

> .Given that, when a competent firm of estate agents and property valuers
> market a property and conclude a sale, the price obtained by them is
> _conclusive_ of the correct market price.

36\. Counsel for Tai tried to distinguish _The Bank of East Asia Ltd. v Tan
Chin Mong Holdings_ ; she argued that the case involved a claim by a mortgagee
against the guarantors of a mortgagor. The guarantors claimed that the
mortgagee had breached its duty in the exercise of its power of sale over the
mortgaged property. Hence, the case was distinguishable since the mortgagor
there did not allege that the mortgagee bank breached its duty. Further, the
mortgagee bank took adequate steps to sell the property. The bank had offered
the mortgagor a reasonable opportunity to sell the property, appointed
auctioneers to carry out three (3) auctions and took out sufficient
advertisements. However, such steps were not taken in the present case and
therefore the principles in _The Bank of East Asia_ case were not applicable.

37\. I did not accept counsel's arguments. In both cases, the issue was
whether the mortgagee breached its duty when it exercised its power of sale.
To determine this issue, the court in _The Bank of East Asia_ held that the
evidence of valuers is not admissible unless the property had not been
properly marketed in the first place. In the absence of proof of fault on OUBs
part, the sale price of $11.7m would be/is conclusive of the true market value
of the Property. The further point to be determined was whether OUB had taken
proper steps to sell the Property.

38\. Similarly, Tai could not validly complain that OUB was in breach of its
duties merely because the Property was sold at a forced sale price, if OUB
proved that it took reasonable steps to sell the Property. OUB's counsel cited
_Citibank NA v Lee Hooi Lian & Anor _[1999] 4 SLR 469 as an example of a case
where the court held that a mortgagee was not in breach when it sold the
property at a price close to the forced sale valuation of the mortgaged
property. Tai however relied on _OUB v Chua Kok Kay_[1993] 1 SLR 686 where the
court found the bank liable for breach when it sold the property at a forced
sale price. From both decisions, it was clear that the court was not merely
concerned about whether the price achieved was reflective of its forced sale
or open market valuation; the decisions turned on whether the price obtained
by the mortgagee was the best price reasonably obtainable at the material
time. In _Citibank v Lee Hooi Lian,_ the court found that the mortgagee had
taken adequate steps by appointing Knight Frank to auction the property and
when that was unsuccessful, selling it at a price closer to the forced sale
value by private treaty, at the time when the property market was on a
downward trend. However, in _OUB v Chua Kok Kay_ , the court found that the
bank acted unreasonably by selling the property at a forced sale value 17
months _after_ it had taken possession the property could have been sold
earlier when the mortgagee took possession without any detriment to the
mortgagee. As such, the fact that OUB sold the Property at its forced sale
value _per se_ does not mean that it had breached its duties as mortgagees.

39\. The focus on whether reasonable steps have been taken to sell the
Property rather than the valuations of experts or whether the true market
value of the Property ought to be its open market valuation is also
justifiable on policy grounds. In assessing whether a mortgagee is in breach,
it is necessary that the facts be looked at broadly. The mortgagee will not be
adjudged to be in breach unless he is "plainly on the wrong side of the line"
(_Cuckmere Brick Co. Ltd. v Mutual Finance Ltd._[1971] 2 All ER 633 _per_ Lord
Salmon at p 646). Since it is impossible to determine precisely the value of a
property sold in a mortgagee sale, it will be unfair to cast such a heavy
burden on mortgagees to secure a price to meet such theoretical estimates. No
mortgagee bank would be able to conduct mortgagee sales in confidence if such
a burden is placed on them. In the interests of commerce, the mortgagees duty
must simply be to secure the best price reasonably obtainable at the material
time regardless of the theoretical valuations of the property in question.

40\. As Tai placed heavy emphasis on his argument that OUB relied on
valuations which were too low and outdated and that the forced sale valuation
was inapplicable in this mortgagee sale, I shall now address this issue.

41\. Tai relied on the testimonies of Seow and Tang to support his argument
that it was unreasonable of OUB to rely on the low valuations the bank had
obtained. Seow testified that the open market valuation of the Property should
be $15.8m. However, I found his evidence to be completely biased in favour of
Tai. Seow was evasive and at times his testimony was misleading to say the
least. The following extract from his cross-examination (N/E114-115) clearly
showed that he failed to discharge his duty as an independent expert witness.

> Q. At the very start of my cross-examination, I asked if you were aware of
> any negative features of a property, you agreed you would be obliged to draw
> the courts attention to it?  
>  A. Yes.

> Q. But you now say property has many negative features. Yet none appeared on
> your report?  
>  A. Yes.

> Q. So by your own admission you have failed to discharge your duty to this
> court?  
>  A. Disagree.
>
> Q. I cant understand your answer. You didnt highlight any negative features
> in your report?  
>  A. Yes.
>
> Q. But earlier you agree you should highlight any negative features to the
> court?  
>  A. Yes I can tell it to you now.
>
> Q. So you are saying that you will only draw courts attention to it if you
> are asked?  
>  A. Yes.
>
> Q. Do you honestly believe that that satisfies your obligation to this court
> as an expert you will only say when asked?  
>  A. If I say yes or no it will give the wrong impression"

Seow failed to mention _any_ negative aspects of the Property in his report
although he claimed that he knew they existed. When asked in re-examination
(N/E 134) why these negative features were omitted from his report, he gave
the incredible answer that when he was working out the value of the Property,
_ideas popped up but I may not have put them down_. Although he recognised
that a mortgagee sale may reasonably fetch 15% less than the propertys
theoretical market value, Seow failed to state so in his report but merely
stated that the forced sale valuation was inappropriate and, only the open
market valuation was applicable in mortgagee sales.

42\. I agreed with counsel for OUB, despite Seow's denial (N/E 127), that
Seow's report was tailored to support Tai's case. I myself had chided Seow at
one stage (N/E 145) for describing the land in his report (at p 6) as _'land
slightly below the level of Leedon Road'_ when he well-knew that the land was
'undulating' which description (I told him) has a different meaning from
_'slightly below road level'_. Another instance of Seow's subjective views was
his admission under cross-examination that the Property suffered from bad
geomancy by being located at a T-junction, which negative feature was totally
omitted from his report. In re-examination (N/E136) Seow attempted to justify
his omission with a nonsensical explanation that in ancient China, Chinese did
not like T-junctions as the cart may, in the darkness, bump into a house if it
is at T-junction. Nowadays he said, the only problem is, lights from a car may
shine onto the house at night and to mitigate such disadvantage, one can build
a wall.

43\. Yet another instance where Seow's evidence was misleading was his attempt
to say that a comparable (No. 25 Ford Avenue) used by Tang (see exhibit
**P2**) also suffered from the same disadvantage of being sited at a
T-junction; I pointed out to him his statement was incorrect as that property
was situated in a cul de sac (N/E 138), according to the latest street
directory available. His feeble explanation was, he had visited the site and
_thought_ it was located at a T-junction. In the light of the instances
highlighted above, I was of the view that Seow was not credible as an expert
witness. Accordingly, I rejected his testimony.

44\. I turn next to Tai's other expert witness Tang. He came across as nervous
and sometimes answered question with some hesitation. Because of the
controversy surrounding the extent of loss of privacy the Property suffered
from Jade Mansion, I myself visited the site and informed Tang of my findings
the following day (N/E 248). He then agreed with my observation that Jade
Mansion (which is situated at No. 10 Leedon Road) overlooks the Property, even
though a tennis court formed a buffer between the two (2) properties.
Previously, Tang had argued (N/E 242-243) that the Property suffered less loss
of privacy from Jade Mansion (which ground level he visited) than No. 12 Queen
Astrid Park which he had used as a comparable (see **P1**). Although he had
not visited the upper floors of Jade Mansion, Tang nonetheless maintained only
the upper floors could look into the grounds of the Property. He opined that a
pedestrian walkway behind No. 12 Queen Astrid Park was more obtrusive because
anyone walking there (would-be robbers included) could intrude into the
privacy of that house. It was only when counsel for the bank showed him
photographs which Tai himself had taken (see p 67 of Tai's affidavit of
evidence-in- chief), that Tang agreed that not only the top but _all,_ floors
of Jade Mansion could look onto the Property. Tang had (at para 5.0 of his
report) described the Property as being located _near_ instead of _at_ , the
junction with Ford Avenue. Although he accepted (N/E206) that geomancy was a
factor which the market takes into account, Tang said he himself did not
believe in it because he is a Christian. Tang's explanation of his own
personal beliefs did not detract from the fact that he was duty-bound to take
into account geomancy which the market did, however irrational or illogical
and even if it is not a recognised valuation principle.

45\. I had also visited No. 24 Ford Avenue at the same time that I visited the
Property. This property located at a cul de sac was also used by Tang as a
comparable (see **P1**). Questioned by the court on whether he agreed that it
had a better location than the Property, Tang (N/E 250) said it was more
'_crowded_ '; I did not accept his comment, pointing out that it cannot be
right as the property (like the Property) was situated in a good class
bungalow area, which means the land area must be at least 1,400 sq m or 15,000
sq ft.

46\. I have referred to extracts of Tang's testimony to show that he was not
an objective witness, although less blatantly biased in favour of Tai than
Seow he was at least willing to make concessions when confronted with evidence
which contradicted his testimony, unlike Seow. Consequently, I was wary of
accepting Tang's testimony and valuation, without reservations. I was
certainly not convinced that a house like No. 12 Queen Astrid Park could
suffer the same lack of privacy from occasional passers-by on an adjacent
walk-way as the Property did, from a towering and densely populated block of
flats like Jade Mansion.

47\. I preferred the testimonies of OUBs experts, Chia and Cheng, that the
theoretical market value of the Property at the material time was $13.5m and
$14m respectively. As it was not put to these witnesses that their valuations
were unreasonable, according to the rule in _Brown v Dunn_(1894) 6 R 67, Tai
was deemed not to have challenged their evidence. In any case, both witnesses
withstood cross-examination admirably on how they arrived at their valuations.
Indeed, I found Chia to be a remarkably candid witness who unhesitatingly
informed the court that of the four (4) valuations put before the court, his
valuation of $13.5m was the _least wrong_ (N/E 413-414).

48\. Tais own expert witness, Tang had valued the open market value of the
Property at $14.525m. However, even Tang agreed that Chengs valuation was
reasonable and Chias valuation may also be reasonable subject to the
qualification that he made the right assumptions. Tang also affirmed that the
methodology used by Chia and Cheng was correct and that they had used
reasonable comparables. He also agreed that Chia and Cheng were correct to
apply 10% discount to the theoretical market value of the Property to obtain
its forced sale value. Consequently, Tangs testimony did little to advance
Tai's case that OUB relied on inaccurate valuations.

49\. The crux of the dispute between Tang and OUBs experts centred on whether
the forced sale valuation was relevant. Tang contended that it was _not_
because OUB had ample time to market the Property. To him, the fundamental
characteristic of a "forced sale" is one which had a short marketing period.
Tang refused to recognise that mortgagee sales and owner sales are different
in nature and contended that in both instances, with sufficient time to market
a property, the sale price achieved should be its theoretical market value. On
the other hand, Chia and Cheng testified that while the period available for
marketing was a relevant consideration in determining whether a sale was a
"forced sale", mortgagee sales are typically considered forced sale
situations. This is because forced sales occur when there is a sale under
atypical circumstances or distress and mortgagee sales fit that description.

50\. Having given due consideration to the evidence of Tang, Chia and Cheng, I
concluded that it was not unreasonable for OUB to rely on the forced sale
valuation as an estimate of what the Property may fetch. I accepted the
testimonies of Chia and Cheng that while time is a pre-dominant factor in
determining if a sale is a "forced sale", it is not the sole criterion. A
mortgagee sale is different from a sale by an owner who has the luxury of
taking as long as was needed to sell a property at a price acceptable to
himself. A mortgagee is not obliged to wait indefinitely for the theoretical
market value of the property to be obtainable before he can sell the property.
He is not a trustee of the mortgagor when he exercises his power of sale. He
can pursue his own benefit, i.e. to realise his security, in choosing the time
of sale and his duty is merely to obtain the best reasonable price at the time
he chooses to sell (_Good Property Land Development Pte. Ltd. v Societe
Generale_[1989] 2 MLJ 17). In addition, I accepted the common testimony of
Chia and Cheng that properties sold as mortgagee sales tend to fetch prices
lower than their theoretical market value. These properties are associated
with bad "fengshui" and in a mortgagee sale conducted in a weak market, buyers
are in a stronger bargaining position. Hence, I could not agree with Tang that
forced sale valuations are irrelevant and that OUB should have relied on open
market valuations as the only indication of the true market value of a
mortgaged property.

51\. In conclusion, I found that there was no merit in Tais argument that the
valuations that OUB relied on were inaccurate. There was also no evidence that
the valuations were outdated (by more than six [6] months). Therefore, the
forced sale valuations which OUB relied on as an estimate of the price of the
Property were reasonable, taking into account the definition of and that it
was, a mortgagee sale.

_

  
Efforts to sell the Property

_

52\. Tai complained that OUB breached its duty when exercising the power of
sale over the Property because neither the bank nor its agents made reasonable
efforts to sell the Property at its true market value; he contended:-

> (a) that OUB did not maintain the Property properly or conduct inspections
> of the Property with potential buyers;
>
> (b) the advertisements placed by Knight Frank were inadequate;
>
> (c) the Property should have been sold by tender or by private treaty with
> potential buyers identified by Tai instead of by auction;
>
> (d) OUB did not put the potential buyers in competition with one another.

53\. As a preliminary point, Tai had argued that OUB should be liable for its
own as well as its agents negligence in the conduct of the sale, even if it
hired professionals to conduct the sale. His counsel cited _Tomlin v
Luce_(1889) 43 Ch 191 which decided that mortgagees are not absolved from
their duties and liability for negligence merely because they have hired
competent professionals to carry out the sale. OUB on the other hand relied on
_Sri Jaya v RHB Bank_.__ In that case, the court found that RHB Bank failed to
take reasonable precautions to obtain the true market value because it did not
publicise the sale sufficiently. Justice Rajendran held at para 51 (at p 500):

> In this case, all that RHB Bank had done to publicise the property was to
> ask RHB Banks branches to spread the word around that the property was for
> sale. While I accepted Ongs explanation that he did not want to advertise
> the property as that might alert the occupants, there were other ways Ong
> could have publicised the property for sale. He could for instance, have
> entrusted the sale to firms such as Richard Ellis, Knight Frank and Jones
> Lang and with their experience and knowledge of likely buyers of such a
> property, those firms could have undertaken the task without public
> advertising..

OUB contended that the case stood for the proposition that it would be
sufficient for a mortgagee bank to engage professionals to conclude a
mortgagee sale. In my view, _Sri Jaya v RHB Bank_ merely commented that
reputable firms such as Knight Frank could be entrusted with mortgagee sales
because of their experience and knowledge. However, the case did not go so far
as to hold that entrusting such firms with the sale was sufficient to absolve
a mortgagee of his duties. The principle in _Tomlin v Luce_ is still
applicable and OUB would be liable for any negligence on the part of its
agents even if it had hired a competent firm of auctioneers.

54.**** Now for**** Tai's complaint that the Property was not properly
maintained; he had testified he had expended as much as $6,000 per month on
maintenance when he occupied the Property. This issue was purely factual
namely, whether OUB and its agents did have access to the Property for
purposes of its upkeep. Tai did not have access to the Property and did not
produce any evidence on the state of the Property _after_ he delivered-up
vacant possession on 19 November 1999. His case was based solely on the
assumption that OUB could not have had access to the Property since it took
possession.

55\. Tai said he had terminated the power supply sometime in December 1999 and
OUB only wrote to him in March 2000 to complain that its agents could not
enter the Property because there was no power to operate the auto-gate. From
this, he inferred that OUB could not have entered the Property from December
1999 up to March 2000 when the problem was rectified. However, he provided no
evidence that the lack of electricity prevented access .

56\. On the other hand, OUB could prove that Knight Frank had entered the
Property on various dates from December to February. Sai produced a photograph
she had taken of the half opened auto-gate on 30 December 1999. She also
testified that she and her assistant conducted inspections of the Property
throughout the relevant period. Her evidence was not challenged under cross-
examination.

57\. In addition, Ong had testified that he entered the Property in mid-
February 2000 which evidence was similarly unchallenged. Ong arranged for the
gate to be repaired in late February 2000 and reported it to be in "good
working condition". He had handed the keys for opening the auto-gate manually,
to the bank in March 2000. Further, Alexander Pool Specialist invoiced OUB
monthly from December 1999 to February 2000 for maintaining the pool. In its
letter to OUB dated 1 March 2000, the firm mentioned that it did not maintain
the pool when there was no access in mid-February. However, the letter also
mentioned that the company took extra steps thereafter to clean the pool when
access was finally restored.

58\. After assessing all the evidence, I had concluded that OUB did have
access to the Property for the greater part of the period from November 1999
to May 2000. It did not have access for some three (3) weeks in March 2000.
However, the temporary loss of access did not materially affect the
maintenance of the Property. Maintenance works were carried out for the larger
part of the material period. I had no reason to disbelieve Sai's testimony
that Knight Frank did have access to the Property from December 1999 until it
discovered the problem with the auto-gate on 3 March 2000. I also accepted her
evidence that the Property was in a presentable condition.

59\. Tais second complaint was that the sale of the Property was not
adequately advertised. He exhibited several advertisements for sale of good
class bungalows that were larger than those placed by Knight Frank. His
witness, Tan, testified that the advertisements which Knight Frank placed were
too small, appeared too infrequently and lacked detailed descriptions to
attract the attention of potential buyers of good class bungalows.

60\. Tans testimony was weak; indeed his qualifications as an expert witness
were called into question. There was no evidence as to his qualifications in
the field of marketing. Although he has been a real estate agent for 20 years,
he admitted in cross-examination that he did not have any experience with the
marketing of properties to be sold by auction or in advising banks on
mortgagee sales. Indeed, he prepared his affidavit in a rush for the purposes
of highlighting what OUB did wrong. He failed to clarify the facts surrounding
the marketing efforts of Knight Frank and was content to rely on a letter
written by OUBs solicitors dated 21 March 2001 as the sole basis for what he
thought were the facts. He did not produce examples of his own advertisements
for the purposes of comparison giving the excuse that they were irrelevant
because he was not marketing the Property. During cross-examination (NE 153
and 168), he even admitted that he failed to take into account relevant facts
given to him because he was careless in the preparation of his affidavit.

> Q. You said you didnt know about Knight Franks direct mailing until after
> you affirmed your affidavit?  
>  A. Yes.

> Q. Thats why you didnt refer to it in your EiC?  
>  A. Yes.

> Q. That is incorrect? See 1AB334 Drew & Napiers letter which you said you
> relied on. See last sentence in para 2. You were told here?  
>  A. Yes my mistake, my apologies.

> Q. You said 1AB334 was all you had and yet you missed out a material
> portion?  
>  A. My mistake.

> Q. So you were careless in preparing your EiC?  
>  A. Yes.

In the circumstances, I was of the view it was unsafe to rely on Tans
testimony and I did not.

61\. Ng on the other hand was a reliable witness. OUB had conceded that the
advertisements placed by Knight Frank were less prominent than those Tai had
exhibited. However, both Sai and Ng testified that the advertisements placed
by Knight Frank were in line with the industry norm for sale by auction of
mortgaged good class bungalows, in terms of size and description. The
advertisements Tai exhibited were generally used in tenders or for owners
sales. Such testimony was not challenged during cross-examination. Further it
was Sais testimony that advertisements for tender sales are typically larger
than those used for auction sales and that advertisements for owner sales
could be larger because the size depended on the owners preferences.

62\. Further, Sai and Ng testified that the frequency of the advertisements
was also within industry standards. Tai complained that some of the
advertisements were placed during school holidays when buying interest was
low. However, I found that this was not a valid complaint. Ng and Sai gave
evidence that advertisements are usually placed several weeks before an
auction and their evidence in this respect was also unchallenged. It is also
trite law that a mortgagee may choose the timing of the auction (_Lee Nyet
Khiong v Lee Nyet Yun Janet_). OUB and Knight Frank were entitled to hold the
auctions in January and March 2000. Consequently, Knight Frank was equally
entitled to place advertisements in December 1999 and March 2000, several
weeks before the auctions. In any case I accepted that Knight Franks
advertisements were within the industry norms in terms of size and
description, and sufficient to publicise the auctions/sale of the Property.

63\. At this juncture, I wish to refer to the appellate court's decision in
_Lee Nyet Khiong v Lee Nyet Yun Janet_. Tai relied on this case to argue that
the advertisements that Knight Frank placed were inadequate and that OUB
should therefore be held to be in breach. There, the court found the mortgagee
liable because he placed only one (1) advertisement for a sale by tender, two
(2) weeks before the close of the tender. In addition, the advertisement did
not contain any particulars of the property and stated merely its land area,
location and tenure. Clearly, that case is distinguishable from ours. The
advertisement in _Lee Nyet Khiong_ s case was also for a tender, not an
auction sale. According to Sai and Ng, advertisements for tender sales are
typically more prominent as compared to those for auctions.

64\. Lastly, Tai did not provide any evidence as to how the bank's or Knight
Franks "poor" marketing efforts affected the sale of the Property. On the
other hand, Sai had testified which I accepted, that she received many
inquiries about the Property and the attendance at both auctions were in the
normal range. Further, the eventual purchaser of the Property was not even a
client of Knight Frank but had heard of the sale from other sources. In the
light of these findings, I was of the view that the marketing of the Property
was properly done.

65\. Tais third contention was that OUB breached its duties by adopting an
inappropriate method of sale, i.e. conducting two (2) auctions and selling the
property by private treaty when the auctions failed. He contended that the
Property should have been sold by tender. However, both experts, Sai and Ng,
testified that most mortgagees would try to sale a mortgaged property by
auction first. They would resort to other methods such as tender or private
treaty sales only after auctions were unsuccessful, the reason being that an
auction is the most open and cost-effective method of conducting a sale for
properties of the size of the subject property. Counsel for Tai did not
seriously challenge their testimonies. None of Tais witnesses testified that
OUBs attempts to sell by auction, instead of by tender was "plainly on the
wrong side of the line". In the circumstances, this allegation was without
merit.

66\. In the alternative, Tai argued that OUB ought to have pursued the
potential buyers he had advised them through his solicitors letter dated 15
September 1999 (see 1AB100-102). He relied on the Court of Appeals decision in
_How Seen Ghee v DBS_[1994] 1 SLR 526 for the proposition, that an auction is
not always the best way of securing a good price and, that a mortgagee should
in general allow a mortgagor a reasonable opportunity to market his property
by a private treaty sale. He contended that OUB breached this duty because it
did not offer him a reasonable opportunity to market his Property or pursue
offers by potential buyers he had identified.

67\. However, Tais case was not borne out by the evidence. OUBs vice-president
CKV, admitted that he did receive the letter dated 15 September 1999 from
Tai's solicitors giving a status quo on persons who offered to buy the
Property, their offers and the reasons for _the failure of the negotiations in
each case_. He pointed out that he never received _any_ information about Tai
reaching _any_ agreement with any of the purported purchasers. Moreover, none
of the offerors actually paid any option monies and no lawyers were ever
instructed on the conveyancing of the Property. The only witness who testified
that he made some offer in relation to the Property was King. However, his
testimony did not help Tai in any way since it was revealed during his cross-
examination that his offer of US $11m was not for the Property but for Tais
business and the Property was only to be used as collateral for the deal.

68\. In any case, Tai had ample opportunities to market the Property himself.
Under a judgment obtained by OUB on 6 August 1999 (in the Originating
Summons), he was supposed to deliver the Property up on 20 August 1999 but he
failed to do so. He finally relinquished possession only on 19 November 1999
after disobeying three separate Orders of Court. He had an extended grace
period in which to find buyers for the Property and show it in its best light
but none materialised. OUB had also made it clear by its solicitor's letter
dated 31 August 1999 that Tai was at liberty to ask any interested parties to
liase directly with OUB. However, according to CKV, no one approached OUB with
any offer. Tai claimed that he did not refer interested parties to OUB out of
pride and because of a fear of committal proceedings. Even if those reasons
were true which I doubted, OUB cannot be faulted for not offering Tai an
opportunity to refer buyers to it or unreasonably rejecting offers presented
by Tai; he had admitted that he had not referred any interested purchaser to
the bank.

69\. Finally, Tai alleged that OUB ought to have placed potential buyers of
the Property, i.e. the clients of Colliers and Knight Frank, in competition
with each other. His counsel relied on _Sri Jaya v RHB Bank_ and _Lee Nyet
Khiong_ _v Lee Nyet Yun Janet_ for the proposition that a mortgagee must put
potential buyers in competition with each other to get the true market value
of a property. Those cases are distinguishable from the present case and are
inapplicable. In both cases, the courts found the mortgagee liable because he
accepted a lower offer although there was a higher offer available. In both
cases, no reasons were offered as to why potential buyers were not put in
competition with each other to secure the best value for the property and the
courts held that the mortgagee ought to have allowed such competition amongst
potential buyers. Here, the offer by Colliers client of $11.7m which OUB
accepted was the highest available offer at that time. More importantly, OUB
had a good reason not to put Colliers and Knight Franks clients in
competition. CKV was afraid that starting a private bidding war amongst the
two (2) buyers would result in both parties withdrawing their bids. Ng and Sai
had agreed that there was a serious risk that OUB would have lost both buyers
if it had initiated a private bidding war. OUB was not "plainly on the wrong
side of the line" when it refused to ask Knight Franks client to increase his
bid.

70\. In conclusion, none of Tais complaints as to the marketing of the
Property or the conduct of the sale were valid. OUB took all reasonable steps
to obtain the true market value when it sold the Property.

_

  
Obligation to rent

_

71\. Tai argued that OUB was obliged to rent the Property since it was in a
habitable condition and the onus was on OUB to show that it took steps to do
so. His counsel relied on _Motorcycle Industries (1973) Pte. Ltd. v Indian
Overseas Bank_[1992] 2 SLR 453 for these propositions. He also submitted that
OUB failed to discharge its duty since it left the Property empty for ten (10)
months.

72\. With respect, Tais counsel had misread the decision in _Motorcycle
Industries_. The case does not stand for the proposition that a mortgagee must
take steps to rent a mortgaged property if it was in a habitable condition.
Although Selvam JC (as he then was) held that a mortgagee in possession is
bound to be diligent in collecting the rents, he qualified this proposition in
his judgment to say, where the sale of the mortgaged property is contemplated
within a _reasonable time_ , a mortgagee may enter into possession without
being liable to account for any notional rent. The burden was not on OUB to
show that it had taken steps to rent out the place.

73\. However, OUB had to prove that it sold the Property without undue delay
so that it would not be liable to account for notional rent. OUB had shown
that it sold the Property with reasonable promptitude. It took six (6) weeks
after the Property was re-possessed to prepare for the first auction by: (i)
obtaining valuations, (ii) appointing the auctioneers and (iii) carrying out
marketing efforts. A further two (2) months lapsed after the first auction
before an offer was secured followed by another two (2) months to complete the
sale. In view of the lack of interest for the Property, it cannot be said that
OUB took an unreasonably long time to secure and to complete the sale to
Prospect.

74\. The facts of _Motorcycle Industries_ are easily distinguishable in any
case. There, the property was left vacant for more than ten (10) years.
Further, the mortgagee did not offer any reason to explain why it had left the
property vacant. On the other hand, it is clear that if OUB were to rent out
the Property in this instance, its chances of selling the Property may have
decreased. A tenanted property of this nature is less attractive to certain
types of buyers such as developers and owner-occupiers. In any case, the
interest on Tais loan was accumulating at $125,000 per month. It was clearly
to his benefit that the Property be disposed off earlier and quickly because
the expected rent of $20,000 per month or $240,000 per year would not have
covered the interest element. OUB was not obliged to account for notional
rent.

_

  
Conclusion

_

75\. It was clear on the evidence that none of the allegations pleaded in the
Statement of Claim had been made out. Consequently, I dismissed Tais claim
with costs to OUB.

Sgd:

LAI SIU CHIU  
JUDGE

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

