Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Patraikos 2"  
[2002] SGHC 103

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 81/1996  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 May 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leong Kah Wah, Navinder Singh and Aileen Boey (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for the plaintiffs; Haridass Ajaib, Augustine Liew and Kueh Ping Yang (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the defendants   
Parties | : | —  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Carriage of goods by sea – Carriage of goods by sea –
Manning requirement – Defendants' obligation to exercise due diligence to
"properly man" the vessel – Nature of such obligation – Whether defendants can
rely on exception to liability under art IV of Hague Rules – Sch art III para
1 & art IV para 2 Carriage of Goods by Sea Act (Cap 33, 1998 Ed)  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Carriage of goods by sea – Seaworthiness of vessel –
Proper care of cargo – Grounding of vessel and flooding of cargo holds – Claim
against defendants for damage to cargo – Burden on plaintiffs to prove
unseaworthiness – Exception to defendants' liability under Hague Rules –
Burden on defendants to prove exercise of due diligence – Sch art III paras 1
& 2 & art IV para 2 Carriage of Goods by Sea Act (Cap 33, 1998 Ed)  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Carriage of goods by sea – Title to sue – Whether
plaintiffs holders of bills of lading or consignees of cargo – Whether
plaintiffs own or have or possessory title to cargo at time of grounding –
ss2(1) & 5(2) Bills of Lading Act (Cap 384, 1994 Ed)  
  

Cur Adv Vult

:  
  
**_Background_**

****

  
  
The plaintiffs (numbering 42) were shippers of cargo loaded on board the ship
Patraikos 2 (`the vessel`) formerly named MSC Carla, from various European
ports. The vessel`s owners are Chester Shipping Co Ltd (the defendants) while
her managers (since 1989) are Dioryx Maritime Corp of Athens, Greece (`the
managers`). At the material time, the vessel was manned by a crew of 27 whose
principal officers were Greek, including the Master Efstathious Katsoulis
(`the master`) and the chief officer (Sporidis Aristotelis), while her second
officer was a Filipino by the name of Ben Gallardo Orlanda (`Orlanda`). The
rest of her crew was mainly Filipino and Egyptian. The vessel is a general
cargo ship built in Belgium in 1979, with four (4) cargo holds fitted `tween
decks; she has a deadweight capacity of 19,863 tonnes and a service speed of
about 19 knots; she is registered at the port of Limassol, Cyprus.  
  
At the material time, the vessel was time-chartered to Rickmers-Line GMBH
(`the charterers`) for about 50 days, by a charterparty dated 21 November
1995. Just prior thereto, the vessel was dry-docked at Rotterdam for extensive
maintenance and repairs works, carried out at a total cost of DFl 409,210.
Thereafter, the vessel loaded cargo (about 13,066.13mt consisting of
containers, steel products and assorted machinery) at Immingham, Antwerp,
Hamburg and Genoa. She sailed from Genoa on 19 December 1996, first to Port
Said and then to Penang.  
  
After discharging some cargo at Penang, the vessel left on 6 January 1996
heading south for Map Ta Phut (Thailand). On the afternoon of 7 January 1996,
while she was sailing in the Singapore Straits after crossing the Phillip
Channel, the vessel ran aground on the rocks of Horsburgh Lighthouse. At the
material time the crew keeping watch on the bridge was Orlanda and able-bodied
seaman (`ABS`) Abdelmoneim Moustafa Ibrahim Mohamed (`Mohd`) from Egypt; the
master had left the bridge at about noon.  
  
The owners declared general average as a result of the casualty. The
plaintiffs and their underwriters executed Lloyd`s Average Bonds or Average
Guarantees in favour of the defendants, and surrendered their bills of lading
in exchange for their cargo. The vessel was refloated on or about 7 April
1996, 103 days after the grounding, the salvage operation being carried out by
Smit International (`the salvors`) who managed to retrieve the cargo
particularly that stored in holds Nos 1 and 4. The salvors discharged
approximately 11,566mt of cargo (including containers) into barges which were
towed to Singapore`s Jurong Commercial Wharf between 25 January and 21 April
1996. The remaining steel cargo (approximately 1,500mt) in the No 2 lower hold
was discharged and landed at Sembawang Shipyard on 19 April 1996.  
  
After refloating, the vessel was delivered to Sembawang Shipyard on or about
18 April 1996 and drydocked. She remained there for some three (3) months,
undergoing repairs (at a cost of about S$6.5m) until 20 July 1996. On or about
30 July 1996, the plaintiffs arrested the vessel. She was released from arrest
after which the vessel left Singapore for Manila on 1 August 1996.  
  
**_Claim_**

****

  
  
In the statement of claim, the plaintiffs pleaded they were the owners of the
cargo and or endorsees of the bills of lading for the same, to whom property
in the cargo passed upon or by reason of the endorsement. They alleged that
the defendants were under a duty as bailees and/or carriers for reward to take
reasonable care of their cargo and to deliver the same in the same good order
and condition as shipped. They alleged that the defendants breached that duty
as, by reason of the grounding, their cargo was damaged by seawater.  
  
The plaintiffs alleged that the defendants breached art III paras 1 and 2 of
the Hague Rules in that, the defendants failed to exercise due diligence to
make the vessel seaworthy and that they failed to properly store, carry and
discharge the cargo.  
  
In the defence, the defendants admitted they were parties to the contract of
carriage (although the bills of lading were issued by the charterers) by
reason of cl 4(2) of the document; they claimed the benefit of the clause
which states:

> _The Merchant undertakes that no claim or allegation shall be made against
> any person whomsoever by whom the carriage or any part of the carriage is
> performed or undertaken (other than the Carrier) ..._

> _Without prejudice to the foregoing every [such] person shall have the
> benefit of all provisions herein benefiting the Carrier as if such
> provisions were expressly for his benefit; and in entering into this
> contract, the Carrier, to the extent of these provisions, does so not only
> on his own behalf, but also as agent and trustee for such person._

  
  
The defendants, however, put the plaintiffs to strict proof of their right to
sue. If the plaintiffs indeed had a right to sue, the defendants pleaded that
the relationship between themselves and the plaintiffs would then be governed
exclusively by the Hague Rules, by virtue of cl 4(2) of the bills of lading,
in the alternative, by reason of the sub-bailment of such cargo by the
charterers to the defendants, on the terms of the bills of lading. Whilst they
admitted the grounding, the defendants denied that they had breached their
duties as carriers of the cargo or that they failed to exercise due diligence
to make the ship seaworthy.  
  
The defendants blamed the grounding solely on the negligence of the second
officer, Orlanda. They particularised how Orlanda had plotted the course for
the voyage prior to the grounding, in particular for the Traffic Separation
Scheme of the Singapore Straits. They alleged that Orlanda had failed to alter
course at the waypoint as instructed by the master and, when he realised he
was off-course, he had steered the vessel hard to port at the last minute. By
then it was too late and nothing could be done to avoid the grounding; the
defendants relied on art IV of the Hague Rules as their defence.  
  
The defendants contended that they were entitled to general average loss and
expenditure (including salvage charges) based on the General Average Report of
Clancey, Sons & Stacey dated 30 September 1999 as well as the Addendum dated
24 March 2000. In the alternative, the defendants alleged that by Lloyd`s
Average Bonds, the plaintiffs undertook to pay the defendants their proportion
of salvage and/or general average and/or particular and/or other charges in
consideration for the release of the cargo by the defendants to the
plaintiffs. They counterclaimed for general average contributions, relying on
cl 22(2) of the bills of lading.  
  
According to Stephen Foster (`Foster`), the plaintiffs had been paid by their
respective underwriters for their damage/loss and this action is subrogated to
the pool of underwriters who paid the cargo-owners. Foster (PW1) is a director
of PT Radita Hutama Internusa (`Radita`) who were the casualty managers
engaged in the recovery action of each cargo interest. The parent company of
Radita is Richards Hogg International, London average adjusters. Foster said
Radita was tasked with obtaining all the necessary documents to support the
plaintiffs` claims herein, duly authorised in writing by the pool of
underwriters.  
  
Counsel for the defendants questioned the plaintiffs` entitlement to sue - had
the plaintiffs **_either_** bought the cargo **_or_** paid for it? Foster was
able in some instances to produce original bills of lading from the
consignees, together with invoices showing the terms of sale, letters of
credit and proof of payment. Despite his best efforts, however, he was unable
to obtain **_all_** the original bills of lading from the individual
plaintiffs. Neither did he personally deliver the original bills of lading to
the carriers/the charterers, that was done by his colleague, albeit under his
direction. However, without production of the bills of lading for the cargo,
he said the carrier would not have released the cargo from the vessel to the
individual plaintiffs, which they did. Foster was closely involved in the
salvage sale in Singapore for some of the cargo which was badly damaged. In
those instances, Foster said the consignees endorsed the reverse of the bills
of lading to enable him to obtain the release of the cargo. Whilst he had no
personal knowledge of payment having been made by the individual cargo-owners,
Foster was also not aware of any adverse claims to-date, against the interests
of the parties stated on the bills of lading.  
  
Cargo that could be, was transhipped with the assistance of the charterers.
Some of the consignees arranged transhipment themselves, in order to get the
cargo to Indonesia as quickly as possible. In those instances, Foster
understood that original bills of lading had to be surrendered to enable the
cargo to be released for transhipment. Some of the bills of lading were not
`straight` but multi-modal bills of lading. When it came to payment, however,
underwriters paid not the forwarding companies under those bills of lading but
the actual consignee.  
  
Foster had no personal knowledge of when or if, payment was made by the named
consignees, for the goods shipped under the individual bills of lading. It was
noted that some of the bills of lading produced before the court (PCB1-322)
were not originals, those had been surrendered in exchange for cargo released
from the vessel.  
  
The plaintiffs did call two (2) consignees to testify, the first was PT Semen
Gresik Persero (`Gresik`), which had ordered cement-making machinery from a
Danish, a German and an American company. The German order was shipped under
the charterers` bill of lading (No 3) while for the Danish and American
orders, the bills of lading were multi-modal transport bills of lading issued
by DanTransport A/S followed by those issued by the charterers. The head of
their insurance section (Oggy Sedyobasuki) testified that his company paid the
sellers (in full) by means of letters (3) of credit issued by PT Bank Dagang
Negara as which result the bills of lading were consigned to the order of the
said bank.  
  
Oggy Sedyobasuki`s testimony was reinforced by Zoebairi Salim (`Salim`),
Gresik`s (then) head of warehousing and logistics. After the grounding, Gresik
and their underwriters Asuransi Jasindo (`Jasindo`) arranged for average bonds
to be issued and they engaged Radita as recovery agents.  
  
The second consignee was PT Perum Percetakan Uang (`Perum`), holder of bill of
lading No 501 issued by the charterers, as well as a multi-modal transport
bill of lading issued by NAVIS of Germany. In his written testimony, the
company`s head of purchasing Tulus Widayat (PW4) deposed that Perum had bought
printing and related machinery as well as spare parts, from a Swiss company
(De La Rue Giori SA). The consignee stated in the multi-modal bill of lading
was PT Dagang Negara as it had issued the letter of credit which Perum
utilised to pay the purchase price to the seller. However, Perum was named the
consignee under bill of lading No 501; Perum`s insurers were also Jasindo.  
  
In the course of the lengthy trial, the parties called twelve (12) other
witnesses to address the key issue of who/what caused the grounding. There was
no lack of experts from either side. Apart from Orlanda and ABS Mohd, no one
could say with certainty what actually transpired on 7 January 1996 and which
resulted in the grounding. Orlanda testified for the defendants but not ABS
Mohd. The defendants did not offer any explanation for the latter`s absence
from court save that their counsel, in the course of Orlanda`s cross-
examination, pointed out (V/N 1013) that the plaintiffs had not alleged
negligence against ABS Mohd, when their counsel questioned what the ABS was
doing while on the bridge. On the part of the plaintiffs, their evidence to
support their case of breach of the Hague Rules on the part of the defendants
was based on reconstructing (through their expert Christopher N Phelan) what
could have or did happen prior to the grounding and, drawing their conclusions
on the state of the vessel before her fateful voyage to the Far East.  
  
**_Plaintiffs` case_**

****

  
  
I start my review of the plaintiffs` case with the testimony of JW Findlay
(`Findlay`), a consultant marine engineer formerly with TR Little & Co.
Findlay (PW6) was appointed by The Salvage Association on behalf of the
plaintiffs to investigate into the circumstances surrounding the stranding of
the vessel. Findlay visited Singapore in the course of his investigations and
inspected the vessel, accompanied by Captain Frederick Oostra who had been
appointed by the Antwerp Commercial Court to investigate the casualty. Prior
thereto, Findlay called at the offices of the managers in Athens, to inspect
and obtain copies of documents.  
  
Findlay visited the stranded vessel (in March 1996) and took photographs. By
then, salvors had commenced their operation to refloat the vessel. Following
his investigations, Findlay prepared a report wherein he concluded (para 26),
based on the extent of the corrosion in the `tween deck bulkheads, that no
maintenance had been carried out on the vessel for years, if at all. Findlay
opined that the defendants did not make the holds fit and safe for the
carriage of cargo, during the drydocking prior to the voyage. Consequently, he
was of the opinion that the vessel was not seaworthy, at the time of the
grounding.  
  
Findlay`s findings were attacked by the defendants; they called their own
expert William Cameron Finnie (`Finnie`) to counter Findlay`s allegation of
corrosion. Finnie opined that the corrosion on board the vessel was caused by
grooving (which gradually thinned the plates). Findlay disagreed (V/N 276)
pointing out that when corrosion is caused by grooving, necking occurs - the
plate wastes away into a neck and it becomes very thin until the piece
eventually cracked. The vessel`s corrosion was localised with other parts
remaining intact; what he saw was wasted and flattened. He had taken from the
vessel`s starboard side (`tween deck between Nos 1 and 4) a sample (which
peeled off easily) of the severely rusted scale and had it tested by
metallurgists (Atlantic Engineering Ltd) whose report (dated 28 March 1996)
confirmed the scale was consistent with gradual corrosion of steel in
seawater. Findlay asserted that if indeed there had been routine maintenance
of the vessel, the corrosion would have been noted and attended to. Findlay
also disagreed with Finnie`s opinion that the door (on the portside main deck
leading to the No 1 hold) need not be watertight when submerged (as was the
case here) but only weather-tight.  
  
Findlay was referred to the pre-charter survey which contained no adverse
comments concerning any wastage of the structure. He pointed out that the
surveyor concerned did not have full access to the areas in the `tween decks
so as to be in a position to say whether there was corrosion in the side-
shells and bulkheads.  
  
Findlay had inspected the vessel`s interior; he found Nos 1 and 4 holds
flooded (but empty). He said the flooding in No 4 hold did not result from the
grounding but flooded subsequently through the severely wasted and corroded
transverse bulkhead with the No 3 cargo hold. He had also seen steel encased
cement boxes in the space of the `tween deck level on the portside space and
had ascertained they had been fitted by the salvors to stop excessive leakage.
Apparently, the salvors had first attempted to stem the leak from the No 4
hold by wedges but, due to the state of the corrosion, the hole became bigger
when wedges were driven in. The vessel`s log indicated that the No 4 hold was
pumped continuously from 11 January (before discharge of cargo commenced)
until 5 February 1996. Were it not for the corrosion, Findlay said a large
quantity of the cargo would not have been damaged by the entry of seawater.  
  
Findlay`s testimony was corroborated by Francis Low (`Low`) the salvage
master. Low (PW5) confirmed his divers had found leakage (resulting from
corrosion) between bulkheads Nos 3 and 4 on the `tween deck level and had
stemmed it with cement boxes; No 4 hold was not breached but the granite rocks
had penetrated Nos 2 and 3 holds on the starboard side and severely damaged
her tank tops Nos 2 and 3. He agreed that the salvors had unsuccessfully
attempted to stem the leak by wedges; the wedges went through the bulkheads
easily indicating a fair bit of corrosion and, the wasted steel caused the
holes to become bigger.  
  
Findlay went further to suggest that the defendants knew of the vessel`s
severe corrosion. When she was dry-docked at Rotterdam in November 1995, the
Dutch shipyard had removed 12 tonnes of **_loose rust and dirt_** from the
cargo holds which presumably came from Nos 3 and 4 as those were the only
cargo holds where work was done during the drydocking.  
  
After the vessel was refloated and was at the Sembawang shipyard for repairs,
Findlay visited her again. His photographs of the vessel`s No 3 hold showed
the porosity of the bulkhead between the No 3 and No 4 holds.  
  
In the course of his investigations, Findlay had checked the maintenance and
class history of the vessel. He believed that the vessel may have had its
steel plating thickness gauged at its April 1993 dry-docking at Hamburg. The
thickness gauging then carried out was credited towards the special survey
which was done on 22-23 April 1994 at Durban. According to the report (No
400170), the surveyor concerned conducted a comprehensive examination of the
entire vessel which included her bridges superstructures, upper and main
decks, Nos 3 and 4 cargo holds, Nos 1, 2, 3 and 4 `tween deck spaces, fore and
aft peak as well as 21 other tanks (including bunker tanks), engine room
cofferdam and three crane pedestals. Findlay questioned how the surveyor could
have accomplished all these inspections within 48 hours and if the surveys
were indeed carried out, they would have been very superficial.  
  
Findlay`s suspicions were hotly denied by the defendants. Their counsel took
him through the vessel`s interim certificates issued at Valencia and Leghorn
to show that the special surveys done on 10 and 13 May 1994 respectively (when
the Nos 1 and 2 holds were apparently surveyed) were indeed thorough. Although
Findlay acknowledged that the vessel`s classification papers were in order and
her records were good, he insisted that the vessel was not properly inspected
notwithstanding that surveys were carried out over several days at various
ports by different surveyors - otherwise the rust on the bulkhead (which had
been there for sometime) would have been noticed. In any case, whatever
surveys carried out 12 months before a special survey (including thickness
tests) would not be valid and cannot be credited to the special survey. I note
that Lloyds` interim class certificate issued on 29 June 1994 showed that the
vessel`s hull special survey was completed in **_April_** 1994 when the vessel
was at Mauritius (see 2DB1617). However, another interim class certificate
issued at Durban on 17 June 1994 stated that the hull special survey was
completed in **_June_** 1994; there appears to be a discrepancy.  
  
Findlay`s other findings were also attacked by the defendants. Questioned why
he had not tested the steel plates at the No 1 cargo hold, Findlay said it was
because the state of the plates was similar to the (leaking) sample he took
away to be tested. On the quantities of loose rust and dirt taken out from the
vessel at Rotterdam, it was put to Findlay that he had no personal knowledge
of the **_nature_** of repairs the vessel underwent; it involved substantial
cutting of rusted parts/plates, removal of eye-locks, renewal of zinc-anodes,
small pipes, etc.  
  

16-11-1995 | 2 tonnes  
---|---  
20-11-1995 | 3 tonnes  
23-11-1995 | 2 tonnes  
24-11-1995 | 5 tonnes  
  
  
  
Findlay`s calculations that 12 tonnes of rust were removed from the vessel was
based on the invoice of Niehuis & Vandenberg BV (the Dutch shipyard) which
contained the following item (see 2DB1652):

> _A container put available in cargo hold for your crew and loose rust and
> dirt disposed of:_

> __

  
  
which Findlay estimated would amount to 4-5cuÃ¿m. He disagreed with counsel`s
suggestion that the crew would use the container for anything/everything they
discarded, in the process of `spring cleaning`. Findlay opined that removal of
ship`s parts cropped off and renewed would be done separately and specially
priced by the Dutch shipyard, such waste would not go into a container; in any
event they would not be classified as loose rust and dirt. I should point out
that the defendants` witness Fotios Manetos clarified subsequently that the
**_container_** was actually a skip and one skip was put into each hold.  
  
When he was cross-examined (V/N 433) on this subject, the plaintiffs` other
expert Christopher Phelan (`Phelan`) agreed with Findlay and opined that it
was illogical for the yard to use the container to dispose of ship-repair
waste. Indeed, if it was suggested that the defendants were then gritblasting
the vessel from outside the hull, Phelan was of the view that the grit would
have fallen into the drydock from where it would have been removed by cranes;
similarly, damaged steel plates would have been lowered into the drydock.
Neither could Phelan see how the crew would bring debris from their cabins and
drop it down the hold, an unsafe practice which would have resulted in the
crew being banned by a shipyard. He said debris from a vessel is either left
in a receptacle or taken ashore down the gangway while waste from the main
deck would be taken directly to shore, without charge by the yard.  
  
Findlay explained he did not make personal inquiries with the Dutch shipyard
because he thought there was sufficient evidence in the repair bills. In any
event, his experience told him inquiries from strangers on someone else`s
accounts would not have been entertained by any shipyard. Findlay`s view was
echoed by Phelan, who opined (V/N 431) that shipyards have high degrees of
confidentiality and will not disclose invoices or work lists to anybody else
other than owners. Findlay had also placed reliance on Lloyd`s survey (No DRB
400170) done at Durban in April 1994 where reference was made to the hull
narrative in which the master was said to have commented that maintenance
would be required in the way of paint coating breakdown, in order to prevent
corrosion from taking place. There was disagreement between Findlay and
counsel for the defendants on whether the master was referring only to the
paint coating at the aft peak (as the defendants contended) or to the `tween
deck spaces (as Findlay contended).  
  
Findlay was also challenged on the photograph he took showing running water
coming from a hole; it did not show the starboard side of the bulkheads as
being severely corroded and leaking. On counsel`s suggestion that the salvors
would have used the portside door for access, Findlay opined it would not have
been possible as the door was submerged and hence inaccessible. In fact the
salvors tried to seal that door from the inside. Indeed, the bilge had been
sealed by the salvors with a plate, suggesting that water had been coming in
previously; Findlay had also seen a pump on board.  
  
To rebut his allegation on the vessel`s lack of maintenance, Findlay was
referred to the affidavit filed by Fotios Manetos (`Manetos`), the managers`
representative. Manetos had exhibited voluminous records detailing the
vessel`s previous maintenance schedule, her drydocking, and correspondence
exchanged between the managers and the vessel`s various masters. Essentially,
Manetos deposed to good management practice on the part of his company.  
  
I should point out that Low had testified that the salvors feared the vessel`s
back may break during the salvage operation as, it was under considerable
stress. This fear appeared to be unfounded as, according to the first report
dated 10 July 1997 (see DB509 para 6.4) of Brookes Bell & Co (the defendants`
experts in the salvage arbitration), there was no indication that the deck or
side shell plating were affected by fatigue. The report concluded (para 6.6)
that without the intervention of salvors, the vessel could have lain aground
for some months without a significant change in the condition of the damaged
hull.  
  
Low`s report on the salvage operation indicated that submersible pumps (2)
were placed in the No 4 lower hold to pump out the water while cargo was being
discharged therefrom. The pumps were also used in the `tween deck to stop
water from overflowing through the hatch covers into the lower hold. His
company`s divers had also noticed leakage on 18 January 1996 in the No 1 hold
starboard bilge side; Low surmised this could have been the result of a
fractured pipe. He opined that the much disputed door, being on the main deck
level (leading to the upper `tween deck), should be more or less watertight or
weather-tight so as to be able to withstand certain pressures; Low`s view was
endorsed by Phelan (V/N 427).  
  
Captain Oostra (`Oostra`) testified he had been appointed to act as court
assessor in an admiralty suit taken out by Dutch cargo interests (3) against
the charterers. He was tasked with advising the Antwerp court on the causes
and circumstances of the stranding. He revealed that the charterers did not
institute proceedings against the defendants nor join them as a party to the
Dutch action.  
  
Besides calling at the Athens office of the managers, Oostra (PW7) had also
interviewed the master. He corroborated Findlay`s observation of the vessel`s
condition save that he (correctly) identified the (double)
watertight/weathertight door as being located on the main deck leading to the
`tween deck portside whereas Findlay had (mistakenly) reported that the door
was in the upper `tween deck bulkhead.  
  
Oostra`s report of his findings was filed with the Dutch court. Oostra
confirmed there was leakage from the lower `tween deck between bulkheads Nos 1
and 2. He also confirmed that the corrosion on board was ordinary not
grooving, corrosion; it was due to wastage of material and had been present
for a number of years. He produced photographs showing severe corrosion in:
(1) the bulkhead between the Nos 1 and 2 holds above the lower `tween decks;
(2) No 4 hold; and (3) the bulkhead between Nos 3 and 4 holds (starboard
side). The port fore-side of lower hold No 4 was also heavily discoloured due
to rust. On 15 March 1996, Oostra (and Findlay) used electronic equipment to
measure the thickness of the bulkhead between holds Nos 3 and 4 (starboard
side); all measurements were taken about 2m from the ship`s side. The
thickness of the area 800mm above the `tween deck level was 7mm, that about
50mm above the `tween deck level was 5mm thick while the area level with the
weld of the `tween deck was 0mm thick. Oostra confirmed he was present when
Findlay easily removed a piece of plate for testing; it was not chipped off as
the defendants alleged. The removal of the corroded piece by Findlay resulted
in two (2) holes appearing in the bulkhead of Nos 3 and 4 (starboard side).
Oostra also noted that the engine-room/safety equipment were in good
condition. He doubted the echo-sounder was working as he had not seen any
printouts from the echograph; Orlanda later said the echo-sounder was switched
off.  
  
It was Oostra`s opinion that Orlanda (whom he asked to but did not, interview)
had made grievous misjudgements in changing course. Oostra concluded that the
accident happened due to three (3) possibilities involving Orlanda, namely:

(1) he failed to call the master (as he was instructed to do) at a certain
change of course;

(2) he neglected to alter course from 081 to 049 at 1341 hours;

(3) he changed course abruptly from portside instead of to starboard side a
short distance from the rocks.

  
  
Indeed, had Orlanda altered course to starboard at the material time, Oostra
ventured to say that the vessel would probably have passed clear and avoided
the rocks and thereby, the grounding.  
  
In his letter dated 5 August 1997 addressed to Dutch solicitors Huybrechts,
Engels, Craen & Partners (responding to their inquiry on Orlanda`s percentage
of responsibility for the accident), Oostra had stated that Orlanda should be
held fully responsible; he went on to state:

> _A second officer who is unable to perform a simple navigation task during
> clear weather conditions, is not qualified to act as a second officer. The
> accident is caused only by neglect in navigation by the second officer, Mr
> Orlanda, though he apparently holds the required qualifications (Refer to
> attached documents)._

  
  
Oostra did not look into Orlanda`s previous employment history and, as he was
not able to interview Orlanda, he quite rightly said he was not in a position
to determine the man`s capabilities or conduct.  
  
Another expert witness for the plaintiffs was Phelan a casualty investigator
who is a director of Navspec Marine Consultants Pte Ltd. Phelan (PW9) a
qualified master mariner who captained (until 1987) ocean-going vessels (with
particular experience in traffic-separation schemes in European waters and the
Baltic) was appointed to look into the circumstances surrounding the
grounding. In arriving at his conclusion that the vessel was unseaworthy at
the time of the grounding because

(1) the vessel was not properly manned due to Orlanda`s incompetence;

(2) the defendants did not exercise due diligence to satisfy themselves as to
the competence of Orlanda to sail as second officer;

(3) there was no bridge management system and/or lack of adequate bridge
procedures;

  
  
Phelan looked at a comprehensive list of documents, including the ship`s
papers, the Dutch shipyard`s repair bill, documents pertaining to general
average adjusting and the salvage arbitration award in England, as well as the
letter from Sinclair Roche & Temperley (`SRT`) dated 1 May 1997 addressed to
Clyde & Co (solicitors for cargo interests who had commenced separate
proceedings in England against the defendants). Phelan further visited the
Philippines in May 1999 to verify Orlanda`s qualifications and interviewed him
in Singapore on 30 November 1999. It was obvious from his lengthy report dated
21 August 2001 (see P6) that Phelan had taken great pains with his
investigations. I should also point out that Phelan never saw or inspected the
vessel itself in the course of his investigations.  
  
**_after_** Phelan produced seven (7) chartlets (exh P2) numbered A to G in
which he reconstructed the positions of the vessel on 7 January 1996 at
intervals of one minute, commencing from 1300 hours until the grounding
(estimated at 1352 hours). For his purpose, Phelan relied on the ship`s
records as well as his (and other people`s) interview(s) of Orlanda. His
chartlets were based on the actual chart (No 3831) which was in use by the
vessel at the material time. Based on Phelan`s chartlets, the significant time
markers/positions were as follows:

(1) the master was on the bridge when, at about 1230 hours, he instructed
Orlanda to fix the vessel`s position; he checked that the vessel was on
course;

(2) before he went for lunch, the master returned to the bridge for a few
minutes and instructed Orlanda to call him about 6 miles from the alter course
position (ie at 1319-1320 hours) by circling the tentative position and
marking it with an `X` as well as adding the words `PLEASE CALL CAPTAIN` on
the chart;

(3) Orlanda only realised at 1333 hours that he had omitted to call the master
on the latter`s instructions; even then he did not call the master;

(4) there were no navigational marks/workings whatsoever 1333 hours save for a
small `R` marked between 1334 and 1335 hours (presumably referring to radar
distance) although the routine which was followed earlier, was to plot every
15 minutes (as required in coastal waters);

(5) the racon at Horsburgh Lighthouse would have been picked up by the
vessel`s radar (due to its 12-mile range) from about 1316 hours onwards and
appeared constantly on the radar thereafter, had it been functioning;

(6) although Orlanda said he set a course at 076 gyro, the course he in fact
made good between 1315 and 1333 hours was 081, apparently there was 5 compass
error;

(7) after he had plotted the 1315 hour position, Orlanda said he saw ships on
the westbound lane; the position as at 1320 hours would have put the vessel 7
miles from her position at 1315 hours, based on a speed of 14 knots; Horsburgh
Lighthouse was about 11 miles away at 1320 hours;

(8) the vessel would have altered course at 1324 hours at which point she
would have turned into the main Straits coming down to Singapore;

(9) when the vessel turned, Orlanda said he saw another ship about 4 miles
away, putting the time at about 1323 hours;

(10) around 1331 hours, the vessel and passing ships would have been end-on or
nearly end-on with no cause for worry particularly at 1335 hours;

(11) at 1335 hours Orlanda said he took a radar position and went outside the
bridge to instruct (presumably) ABS Mohd to keep an eye on traffic coming down
the westbound lane;

(12) based on what the master and Orlanda had said, that there was a GPS
(global positioning system) set with the alter course position and a guard
ring of 1.5 miles around that position, alarms would/should have sounded at
1336 hours; if not, it meant the GPS was not working;

(13) instead of altering (or asking ABS Mohd to alter) course when the rocks
were plainly visible, Orlanda altered course from 081 to 026, 55" (5 points)
to port and struck the rocks.

  
  
It would appear (from SRT`s letter dated 8 December 1999 (see 2DB2011) to the
managers and others) that the instruction in (2) above was concocted, the
words `PLEASE CALL CAPTAIN` were written on the chart **_after_** the
grounding by agreement between the master and Orlanda, as a cover-up. Hence,
they allegedly gave a false statement to the Maritime and Port Authority
(`MPA`) of Singapore investigating the grounding. Phelan opined that such an
act confirmed that there was a complete lack of proper bridge procedures on
the vessel.  
  
Phelan surmised that the lack of navigation after 1333 hours could be due to
any of the following possibilities:

(1) equipment failure;

(2) the vessel was not in the position it was said to be;

(3) no one was on the bridge;

(4) maybe an intent to carry out an act.

  
  
Phelan visited the Philippines in the course of his investigations and made
inquiries between 26-28 May 1999 of:

(1) the Professional Regulation Commission (`PRC`);

(2) Philippine Overseas Employment Administration (`POEA`);

(3) Philippine Maritime Institute (`PMI`);

(4) Philippine Seafarers` Training and Review Center (`the centre`);

(5) the Maritime Industry Authority;

(6) Fame Maritime Foundation Inc (`Fame`);

(7) a crewing agency called Adamsons (Philippines) Inc (`Adamsons`).

  
  
Phelan obtained the following information from the PRC:

(1) their records showed that a Ben Orlanda sat and passed the third mate`s
examination on 29 May 1977 and was registered as a third mate on 15 September
1977. A candidate by the name of Ben Orlanda sat and passed the second mate`s
examination in Cebu City between 24-26 September 1982 and a certificate was
issued to him on 27 September 1983. A year later, on 27 January 1984, a
duplicate certificate was issued;

(2) the person who registered for the third mate`s examination appeared to
have different features, handwriting and signature, from the candidate who
registered for the second mate`s examination.

  
  
From the records of the POEA, Phelan obtained the following information on
Orlanda:

(1) he graduated from PMI in October 1970;

(2) he obtained a second mate`s licence No 8070 valid until 31 August 1997;

(3) his certificate (SSRB) No 046187 was valid until 19 April 1996;

(4) he served on the vessel Sea Macedonia from 12 June 1993 to 1 October 1994.

  
  
The information obtained from the PMI did not accord with Orlanda`s testimony
or the documents he subsequently showed to Phelan.  
  
Phelan reported that he was unimpressed by the standards and facilities of the
PMI (based on his own experience as a principal of a large nautical college
for 14 years); he took photographs to substantiate his opinion. The institute
was/is a private institution which catered to 12,000 students including 5,000
deck cadets undergoing a three (3) year course in Maritime Transportation (for
which Phelan could not obtain any written outline). In 1975, the previous two
(2) year course was superseded by the three (3) year course. In 1970-72, a
student of the two-year course was required to spend two years` sea-time as a
cadet under supervised training, before returning to PMI to be awarded a BSc
degree, as a pre-requisite to taking a third mate`s examination. The
management of PMI appeared to Phelan to be evasive to questions he raised and,
there was a shortage of teaching staff. His inquiries about Orlanda drew a
blank - they claimed they knew nothing about him and all their records were
destroyed by a fire in 1990. Phelan was referred to the Commission on Higher
Education (`CHE`) and when he inquired of the latter, he was told that CHE had
in fact furnished all relevant documents to PMI. Hence, there were no records
to confirm Orlanda`s attendance at PMI or his sea-time or his BSc degree.  
  
Phelan ascertained that the centre runs short-term courses (with practical
training facilities) under the provisions of the International Convention on
Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping for Seafarers 1978
(`STCW`). Their records showed that Orlanda attended a six-day basic safety
course in January 1990 covering fire-fighting, personal survival, first aid
and survival craft. The centre issued certificates which are valid for five
(5) years and can be revalidated by retaking the course. The centre had no
records which showed Orlanda attended any further courses after January 1990.  
  
At the offices of Maritime Industry Authority (`MARINA`), Phelan ascertained
that since 1988, MARINA had been tasked with the issuance of endorsements of
certificates under the provisions of the STCW. MARINA`s records showed that
Orlanda had been issued an interim certificate for the period 4 January 1994
to 30 June 1994 even though he was then serving on board the Sea Macedonia.
The endorsement was followed by a break of six months after which Orlanda was
issued a five (5) year certificate endorsement for the period 12 December 1994
to 11 December 1999.  
  
At Fame`s office, Phelan was told that a Ben Orlanda attended a radar observer
course on 23 January 1990 (pure theory) without use of an actual radar. The
records of Orlanda with Adamsons that Phelan saw indicated that Orlanda was
employed continuously through Adamsons from 29 November 1986 up to the
grounding.  
  
Phelan`s interview of Orlanda took place at the Golden Landmark Hotel in
Singapore on 30 November 1999; henceforth, I shall refer to it as `the
Landmark interview`. It was held in the presence of counsel (Navinder Singh)
for the plaintiffs. Phelan`s version of what transpired was diametrically
opposite to Orlanda`s. When he was interviewed by Phelan, Orlanda had just
been discharged from the ship Global Ace on which he had been working since 23
May 1999. Orlanda showed Phelan his second mate`s certificate No D3-0003718
issued on 27 January 1983 (`the second certificate`). At the time of the
incident, Orlanda held second mate`s certificate No 8070 (`the replacement
certificate`) issued by the PRC on 27 January 1984 (in lieu of the original).
The MPA had by its letter dated 23 January 1997 (DB258) to Orlanda given
notice it intended to cease recognition of the replacement certificate for
service on Singapore ships and, had given Orlanda 30 days in which to show
cause why the same should not cease to be recognised; Orlanda never responded
to the letter. Phelan quite rightly pointed out that the effect of the second
certificate was to circumvent the ban on Orlanda by the MPA; he pointed out
that there it was also factually incorrect for the second certificate to state
it was issued on 27 January 1983, when that was the date of the actual
original certificate which Orlanda never produced.  
  
Orlanda also showed Phelan a diploma in nautical science issued by the PMI
dated 26 November 1972, which Phelan understood can only be awarded after two
years` sea-time. However, Orlanda himself told Phelan that he did not undergo
two years` sea-time as an apprentice but sailed as a rating. Even then,
Orlanda did not complete his training on the PMI ship, a prerequisite for a
BSc degree. If that was the case, it meant that Orlanda was not eligible to
sit for the third mate`s examination (which he claimed to have done on 29 May
1977). Phelan noted from Orlanda`s seaman`s record book that he signed off
from the Vesta on 22 September 1978, presumably after 12 months` service,
which would have begun on 22 September 1977. Orlanda said he then attended a
short refresher course at PMI before taking the third mate`s examination,
which timeframe would have been about November 1978. Yet, the records of PMI
showed a Ben Orlanda purportedly sat and passed the examination 1[half ] years
earlier but there were no records of him having attended a refresher course.
Questioned on the various discrepancies in dates, Phelan reported Orlanda was
evasive.  
  
In fact, the discrepancies even extended to different blood groups being
attributed to Orlanda in different seaman`s discharge books. In his first
seaman`s discharge book (issued on 30 January 1973), Orlanda was said to have
blood group `O`. In his second discharge book (issued on 9 July 1976) his
blood group was said to be `AB`. When a new service record book was issued to
him on 5 October 1986, his blood group was `A` while his medical examination
on 1 December 1994 recorded that he had blood group `AB`.  
  
Phelan concluded, based on the records he had seen at the PRC, that Orlanda
was **_not_** the person who sat for the third mate`s examination on 29 May
1977. Indeed, he thought that the signature on the application form for third
mate`s certificate was not Orlanda`s, neither was the photograph.
Consequently, Orlanda did not hold a third mate`s certificate when he served
on board the vessel.  
  
Phelan also questioned Orlanda`s certification as a second mate. Orlanda
claimed to have sat for the second mate`s examination at the Philippine
National Institute (`PNI`) which institute Phelan said he was unable to
identify. Indeed, when Phelan interviewed him, Orlanda himself said he had
never heard of the institute and presumed it referred to the PMI. PRC`s
records showed that a Ben Orlanda took the papers for the second mate`s
certificate between 24 and 26 September 1982 (in Cebu City), and the
certificate was issued on 27 January 1983. Yet, Orlanda said he served as
second mate only from 27 March 1984, despite having secured the certificate a
year earlier. During his interview by Phelan, however, Orlanda said he sailed
as third mate on the Sunbird (from which he signed off on 26 November 1983)
**_before_** sitting for the second mate`s examination. In any event, Phelan
thought Orlanda was a bit old (44 years) to be a second mate, after spending
24 years at sea. Phelan opined that any reasonably competent seaman would have
risen to the rank of master at 44 years of age, based on his experience of
employing Filipino crew when he was in ship-management; (he was the vice-
chairman of a manning company in Manila).  
  
Phelan made inquiries at MARINA, which department is under the charge of the
Department of Transportation and Communication responsible for issuing
endorsements of certificates since 1988. Duplicates of certificates issued to
seamen are kept by MARINA. Phelan said the director Romero could not explain
why/how an interim six months certificate was issued to Orlanda for the period
4 January to 30 June 1994 when he was serving on board the Sea Macedonia,
followed by a break of six months before the subsequent issue to him of a
five-year `Certificate Endorsement`, which was valid for the period 12
December 1994 to 11 December 1999. Phelan was advised by Romero to formally
apply for a review of Orlanda`s certificates.  
  
Although he was not able to interview the crewing manager of Adamsons, Phelan
was shown a statement which she, Mabel Gameng (`Gameng`), had given at Manila
on 17 September 1996 in which she had set out the recruitment procedure her
company adopted for seamen like Orlanda; I shall return to her statement when
I come to her evidence. Phelan roundly criticised the steps outlined by Gameng
in her statement. He further questioned her competence as a crewing manager
when she had no formal training for the job, no formal education in nautical
engineering subjects and no sea experience at all and **_after_** she had
served for two (2) years as a personal assistant to the port captain. Phelan
concluded that as the agents of the defendants, Adamsons did not exercise due
diligence when they employed Orlanda, his qualifications being highly
questionable.  
  
Based on his investigations, Phelan swore a statutory declaration in Singapore
on 21 July 1999 and lodged it with the PRC for his complaint against Orlanda,
requesting a full investigation into Orlanda`s qualifications, whom he alleged
was negligent and incompetent. Acting on Phelan`s complaint, the PRC forwarded
a copy to Orlanda on 6 August 1999 and requested him to submit a counter-
affidavit within ten (10) days, with a copy to Phelan. Orlanda (through his
counsel Del Rosario (`Rosario`) appointed by the managers) applied (on 9
December 1999) for an extension of ten days to submit the counter-affidavit,
namely, by 20 December 1999.  
  
Rosario changed tack subsequently. He did not file Orlanda`s counter-
affidavit; instead he filed a motion for reconsideration (on 7 February 2000)
before the PRC contending that Phelan as the complainant, had no locus standi
not being connected in any way howsoever with the previous employer of Orlanda
and, alleging that Phelan may have maliciously represented himself to be a
representative of Orlanda`s previous employer. The board of the PRC dismissed
Orlanda`s motion on 29 June 2000 (see 2DB2092-2093). That, however, was not
the end of the saga.  
  
On 3 August 2000, Rosario applied for an extension of time up to 18 August
2000 to make his submissions. Then on 18 August 2000 itself, Rosario filed a
fresh motion before the PRC, this time to expunge Phelan`s complaint, alleging
his statutory declaration was hearsay, not based on personal knowledge and
hence was inadmissible as evidence. This motion was heard by the PRC on 23
March 2001 and denied. Rosario then filed a fresh motion for reconsideration
on 10 April 2001, of the PRC`s order dated 23 March 2001; the motion was
opposed by Phelan`s counsel. The board of the PRC dismissed this motion on 2
August 2001 and Orlanda was given a further and final extension of 15 days in
which to submit his answer to Phelan`s complaint. Rosario, however, did not
file Orlanda`s answer. Instead, on the deadline of 18 August 2001, he filed a
petition on Orlanda`s behalf with the Philippines Court of Appeal, for a
certiorari to quash the decision of the PRC dated 2 August 2001. The grounds
for the petition (filed on 3 September 2001) are to be found in the
defendants` documents at DB2049-2061. The petition was resisted by Phelan`s
counsel (see grounds at 2DB2101-2106). In a written decision dated 23 November
2001, the Philippines appellate court dismissed Orlanda`s petition as
unmeritorious.  
  
When Rosario (DW5) testified for the defendants, he said the requirement of
two years` sea-time as cadet under s 16 of Presidential Decree No 97 (see
PB2982) for third mates took effect from 13 January 1973 whereas Orlanda had
obtained his Diploma in Associate in Nautical Science on 26 November 1972;
hence it did not apply to Orlanda. He added that the academic qualification
applicable to Orlanda at the material time was the Administrative Code of 1917
which required only two (2) years of high school or equivalent. In his
affidavit, Rosario made no reference whatsoever to the on-going proceedings
before the PRC. In re-examination (see V/N 1227) he did not give a
satisfactory explanation as to why, instead of filing a counter-affidavit to
answer Phelan`s complaint on the merits, he attempted to strike it out on
technicalities. When the same question was asked of Orlanda (see V/N 896), he
said it was because he did not admit to the allegations! Pressed further,
Orlanda said he left the proceedings to Rosario to handle.  
  
I should add that in cross-examination, counsel for the defendants drew
Phelan`s attention to r 20 of Presidential Decree No 97 (see PB2984) which he
contended Orlanda could rely on; it states:

> _The provisions of subsection (d) Section 16 and subsection (d) Section 17
> of this Act shall not prejudice all students already enrolled in their
> respective courses to qualify them for their Third Mate and Fourth Engineer
> licence examinations respectively, after the required shipboard
> apprenticeship.**Provided however** , that after five (5) years from the
> approval of this Act, examinees for the Fourth Marine Engineers must be a
> graduate of the Marine Engineering School or its equivalent degree and has
> served for at least two (2) years as apprentice engineer, oiler or machinist
> after graduation._

  
  
Phelan disagreed, pointing out that the rule is a limitation. Those who held
marine licences prior to the enactment of the decree could retain them;
Orlanda did not get his third mate`s licence until **_after_** the date of the
decree (11 June 1978).  
  
Counsel for the defendants (V/N 549-550) sought to explain the discrepancy in
Orlanda`s certificates - he said Orlanda`s second mate`s certificate No
D3-0003718 was issued on 7 May 1999 as a certified true copy although it bore
the date (27 January 1983) of the original certificate. That was because
Orlanda had apparently found the original certificate as which result, he
requested the PRC to cancel the replacement certificate (No 8070) issued to
him on 27 January 1984. Counsel also suggested to Phelan (who disagreed) that
Orlanda did not show cause on the letter from MPA dated 23 January 1997 purely
because he had never sailed on a Singapore ship nor did he intend to.  
  
Besides Orlanda`s certificates, Phelan also questioned the qualification of
the Chief Officer Sporidis Aristotelis whose diploma, issued by the Greek
Republic restricted him to cargo ships not exceeding 1,000grt, whereas the
vessel`s gross tonnage was 13.998. Phelan also took issue with the
qualification of the vessel`s Second Engineer Ioannis Poumbouris, pointing out
that the endorsement of certificate issued by the Greek Merchantile Marine
Ministry on 22 May 1995 restricted him to act as second engineer on ships
propulsed by internal combustion engines or steam engines up to 2,000hp or
1,472kw; the engine capacity of the vessel was 9,121kw. Phelan`s views were
echoed by Kjell Sundberg, another expert witness of the plaintiffs. I am,
however, mindful of the fact that, unless the under-qualifications of these
two officers was a causative factor in the grounding, I should not take it
into consideration.  
  
In the course of adducing evidence from the master, it was revealed that the
vessel had undergone a turnover of one hundred crew over three (3) years which
feature Phelan criticised as excessive as it would have resulted in a lack of
continuity which would be detrimental to manning.  
  
On the vessel`s drydocking at Rotterdam, Phelan calculated (see P3) that the
total quantity of her steel work renewal (in holds Nos 3 and 4) approximated
956kg. Phelan opined (V/N 441) that a large amount of the 12 tonnes of
**_loose dirt and rust_** removed from those holds constituted rust, but it
did not necessarily mean that the vessel was rust-free thereafter - there
could be another 18 tonnes of rust left behind. Drawing on his extensive
experience in ship management, Phelan pointed out that vessels which were
poorly maintained or which had not been drydocked regularly would have a
residue of rust. He dismissed dunnage as another possible source for the
amount of **_loose rust and dirt_** removed from the vessel; dunnage would
normally be taken out by wire slings. Neither would the crew be allowed to
take their rubbish down into the cargo hold; it would be much easier for them
to take it ashore. Phelan also noted that the last date for removal of the
**_loose rust and dirt_** was two (2) weeks **_after_** the vessels`
drydocking dates (2-12 November 1995). If indeed it was **_loose rust and
dirt_** , he would have expected the same to be removed **_before_** the work
on the vessel started.  
  
Phelan further dismissed counsel`s suggestion that the skips were used to hold
mud removed from the ballast tanks because it could not be pumped out.
Recalled to the witness stand, Phelan explained that it would be exceedingly
difficult if not totally impractical, for a man to get into a manhole attached
to every double-bottom tank, to remove 10-11 tonnes of mud therefrom. The
height of the double-bottom tank itself of 1.2 to 2m would require a person to
stoop. Further, ventilation would have to be provided as otherwise there was a
danger of suffocation. He had checked the invoices of the Dutch shipyard and
could find no such ventilation having been provided. What a shipyard would
normally do is to use a high-pressure hose to jet spray the tank and wash out
the mud through the plug at the bottom of the tank.  
  
Phelan was shown Manetos`s calculations (D1) of the amount of steel replaced
during the vessel`s drydocking, which showed a considerably higher figure of
3,812kg, comprising of two (2) items: pipes and steel plates. For the former
item, the quantity was 3 tonnes from cargo holds Nos 2, 3 and 4. Phelan re-
calculated (based on the dimensions for the pipes in the drawing given to the
yard) and arrived at a figure which was 2 tonnes less than Manetos`s.  
  
When the master testified, he said the rust which was removed from the vessel
approximated 150kg. Even if the testimony of the master and Manetos was
accepted, it still meant that about one (1) tonne of mud was hand-carried out
of the vessel`s double-bottom tanks which scenario Phelan said defies belief.  
  
Phelan observed (from her repair bill at Rotterdam) that the vessel had been
refitted with contained sockets apparently because there was a weakening of
the tank top-plating underneath, which necessitated further steel plates being
inserted. He said such work was indicative of corrosion on the vessel, that
there was a thinning of the steel and a reduction in the structural strength
of the vessel. If there was corrosion on the tank top, intuition told Phelan
there would be corrosion on the bulkheads. He shared Findlay`s opinion that if
indeed the surveyor at Durban had carried out all the surveys enumerated in
the report No 400170 over two (2) days in April 1994, the inspection must have
been very superficial. Phelan`s attention was drawn to a special survey
conducted at Rotterdam in November 1995 (2DB1649), just after the vessel had
been drydocked. He pointed out that it was only a docking survey, for the
external part of the hull, not the cargo holds.  
  
Phelan disagreed with the suggestion that the logbook entries of the vessel
showed that the defendants were attending to the repair and/or maintenance of
the vessel at all times. Indeed, he said he came to the contrary conclusion
from his perusal of the documents. There appeared to be a history of
navigational failure/equipment including the gyro (on five occasions), the GPS
(on 29 April 1995) and the ARPA radar (on three occasions the last being on 16
November 1995). If as Orlanda said, he did not hear the GPS alarm going off,
Phelan surmised one reason could be that there was an error in the GPS. The
fact that Orlanda was off-course could also be due to a compass error. I
repeat, it was Orlanda`s testimony that the echo-sounder was not switched on
that day, if it was working at all.  
  
Phelan`s attention was also drawn to a fax dated 24 December 1999 from
Naviteco Ltd (Japanese shipowners) addressed to SRT confirming that Orlanda`s
services on board their vessel Global Ace `had been of the standard as
Filipino crew and satisfactory`. Phelan noted that the fax was sent four (4)
years **_after_** the incident, during which interval Orlanda should/would
have gained an enormous amount of training. I note from the Landmark interview
that he (Orlanda) only served six months (23 May to 30 November 1999) on the
Global Ace in any case, hardly sufficient time to properly appraise his
performance. Granted, there was nothing in the discharge books of Orlanda
covering the period 1973-1999 to show anything untoward or, that Orlanda was
not capable of performing his job as an able-bodied seaman, third or second
mate. Phelan, however, said discharge books are not the usual documents one
relies on to assess a seaman`s ability but only as a reference for sea-time.
In any case, none of the discharge books produced by Orlanda showed any entry
relating to his signing-on or discharge from, the vessel.  
  
In so far as navigation was concerned, Orlanda took no steps after 1333 hours
even though he should have altered course seven (7) minutes later and put the
vessel onto hand-steering. Orlanda had also failed to chart subsequent
positions at 15-minute intervals. Consequently, there was a multitude of acts
that were not carried out which, according to Phelan, can only be described as
deliberate omissions. What is pertinent is the fact that neither the
defendants nor their counsel offered any explanation (through any of their
witnesses) when Phelan raised the following relevant questions (at V/N
573-574) under cross-examination:  
  

Phelan:| It is not as though you put a man on the helm, you know, to have a
man steering and tell him to do it. He actually did the final act himself. And
one of the things that strikes me throughout all this, which I have grave
difficulty with, these two people on the bridge there. There`s an able seaman
somewhere around.  
---|---  
Court:| Yes, there was.  
Phelan:| What did he do? Did he not see the rocks? Did he not say to the
second mate "Hey, there`s rocks ahead"? I have a lot of difficulty with what
went on that bridge from 1333 onwards. Was the AB there? The Captain said that
when he got there, I believe somewhere, he didn`t actually see where the AB
was. Who was on the bridge, your Honour? Who was doing what? Who saw the
rocks? Because the rocks are visible, they were 1.8 or whatever above the
surface. The lighthouse is an enormous lighthouse and you`re only 2 miles away
from it. So I have a lot of difficulty. There was no AB at the wheels. His job
up there is to go on the helm before an alter course position. So the final
act, whatever that was, and however you interpret it, was indeed carried out
by Orlanda. Whether it was intentional or not, that was carried out by Orlanda
and not by the AB. I cannot believe, your Honour, that an AB- somebody can be
on the bridge and see the rocks and ahead and not say to the second mate "You
know there`s rocks ahead, we`re going to run aground".  
Q:| Mr Phelan, do you know where the AB was?  
Court:| We don`t. That`s why we asked him.  
...|  
Q:| From all the records , do you know where the AB was?  
...|  
A:| There seems to be two or three suggestions, your Honour. It depends whose
affidavit you read. If you read the Captain`s, I believe he says that when he
went up, he couldn`t see the AB ...  
| You have a second mate that said he spoke to him when he was on the port
wing. I`m not sure where the AB was, your Honour. What I do know is, if the AB
was not on helm and therefore, by inference keeping a lookout, surely he would
have seen rocks, five cables ahead of him, less that half a mile ahead of him.  
  
  
  
There was some initial suggestion by counsel for the defendants that Orlanda
had been tricked into being interviewed by the plaintiffs under the mistaken
belief that Phelan was the vessel`s marine consultant; this was denied on
affidavit by Phelan (as well as by plaintiffs` counsel Navinder Singh). Phelan
pointed out that in his statutory declaration (para 3), which accompanied his
complaint to the PRC, he had clearly stated that he was appointed as an expert
witness by the underwriters` solicitors. On his part, Orlanda accused Phelan
(who denied it) of putting undue pressure on him to admit to wrongdoing; more
will be said of this when I consider Orlanda`s testimony.  
  
Paints used on the vessel for maintenance purposes were another area of
disagreement between the parties. Manetos had claimed that the paints
(supplied by Sigma Coatings BV) used to coat the cargo holds were suitable.
Indeed, the supplier`s sister company in Singapore (Sigmacoatings Pte Ltd)
had, in its fax dated 9 September 2001 (D5) confirmed that the products
supplied `are suitable for use in vessel`s cargo hold, provided that the cargo
holds are not immersed in seawater`. Phelan on the other hand opined that
those marine paints were alkyd or `soft` paints meant for general purposes as,
they do not dry with a hard finish, unlike surface/epoxy tolerant paints. It
was noted that the on-hire survey done on 29 November 1995 stated that the
cargo holds were coated with aluminium-based paints which (according to
Phelan), do not have anti-rust/anti-corrosion qualities.  
  
The last important aspect of Phelan`s testimony related to navigation by a
system known as parallel indexing. Parallel indexing was included in the
managers` Guidelines to the Master issued under the heading `Navigation` (see
DB156) which extract states:

> _
>
> A.3 Parallel indexing
_

> _This method is always applied during coastal navigation and the Master and
> the officers should be well aware of its technique. When using this method
> special attention should be paid so that the line to be plotted on the radar
> and to be followed in order for the ship to pass at a safe distance from the
> specific point is valid for only one Radar scale. When changing scale, a new
> line of parallel indexing is to be plotted. `Parallel indexing` is only
> plotted from shore targets and exceptionally from lightships, but never from
> buoys. Attention must be paid while on southern courses with the `North
> Stabilizer` in use, because the heading line appears on the lower semi-
> circle of the PPI screen and targets appear on the opposite side from where
> they really are. In this case an error may take place when counteracting or
> altering course._

  
  
Phelan referred to a textbook (**_Parallel Indexing Techniques_**) which
contained the following caution in its extracts from Merchant Shipping Notice
No M 860:

> _
>
> (iv) It should be borne in mind that Parallel Indexing is an aid to safe
> navigation and does not supersede the requirement for position fixing at
> regular intervals using all methods available to the navigator.
_

  
  
However, when he testified, Manetos opined that this navigational aid was not
something he himself would recommend; it was **_not safe hundred percent_**
(V/N 750). He left it to the masters` discretion some of whom had indicated to
him that the system was useless/dangerous. When he testified, Orlanda said he
did not use parallel indexing on the day of the grounding. If he needed to,
Manetos preferred to check the logbooks to make sure proper procedures were
carried out for passage planning.  
  
Manetos`s comments surprised Phelan who said parallel indexing is a recognised
system for ensuring that a vessel is safe especially when navigating in
coastal waters where hazards are in close proximity. He said the system is
used extensively and is an objective means of making sure a vessel stays on
its course, as opposed to the historical method of taking the vessel`s
positions periodically.  
  
Using parallel indexing, Phelan plotted the course of the vessel that day and
showed that the vessel would have safely passed Horsburgh Lighthouse.
Orlanda`s passage plan through the Straits of Singapore also came in for heavy
criticism from Phelan; he described the steps Orlanda took as far short of
international regulations especially in restricted waters governed by a
traffic separation scheme. Orlanda did not even follow the checklist
prescribed by the managers themselves but merely put tracks and course lines
on the chart.  
  
To reinforce Phelan`s opinion that Orlanda received inadequate/substandard
training at the PMI, the plaintiffs called Kjell Sundberg (`Sundberg`) as a
witness. Sundberg is the president/chief operating officer of two (2) Filipino
companies (Spectral Technologies Inc and Scanocean Services Inc). Although
Spectral and Scanocean are not in the crewing business, Sundberg`s previous
employment (1982 to 1999) was with recruitment companies including one based
in Manila; he had 17 years` experience dealing with Filipino crew.  
  
After reviewing the documentation pertaining to Orlanda`s initial screening by
Adamsons, Sundberg (PW8) opined that Gameng was not qualified to interview any
applicant for a deck officer`s position. She had no formal education/training
in nautical/engineering subjects and she had no practical shipboard experience
to enable her to assess the actual competency of a deck officer. Her only
means of assessing a candidate was through sea-time and notes recorded in a
seaman`s discharge book which was inadequate. There were no performance
records on Orlanda in Adamsons`s documents.  
  
Sundberg identified another factor which would have made a properly qualified
recruitment officer hesitant in hiring Orlanda; the man graduated from PMI
which private school is known for its sub-standards and mass-production of
graduates in nautical and marine engineering. Sundberg had visited the school
in 1982 and had interviewed many of their fresh graduates for the
apprenticeship training scheme on his employer`s ships. He said he was stunned
by the graduates` total lack of even basic professional knowledge as compared
with the much higher standards of graduates from the government-run
Philippines Merchant Marine Academy (`PMMA`). Sundberg re-visited PMI in 1999
and found that the facilities had not improved much since 1982. He recalled
that teaching aids such as mock bridges were non-existent when he walked
through the school with a senior official and, he had noted that on-going
classes had about 60 students each while books which were in use were
old/outdated and some classes had no teachers in attendance. Sundberg further
observed that Orlanda passed the PRC board examination with the lowest
possible grades at a time when there was rampant abuse of process by
candidates.  
  
Sundberg reviewed the assessment forms which the managers used for their crew.
He doubted it was a good method of assessment as the form did not carry the
names of the seamen being assessed but only the number allocated to them;
indeed some forms did not carry the names of the crew at all (see p 38 of
Manetos`s affidavit exh FM1). In any case, he found it strange that Orlanda
only had two such reports (see pp 57 and 76), relating to his services on the
vessel and no others. As for individual appraisement forms, there were none on
Orlanda, despite the fact that immediately before the grounding, Orlanda had
been employed only on vessels managed by the managers. Consequently, one would
have expected to see at least two (2) appraisal forms on Orlanda (for his
services on the vessels Corinthiakos and Sea Macedonia) before the vessel. I
shall revert to this issue with regard to the subsequent explanation from
Manetos that, it was due to the fact that the managers maintained records for
three (3) years only and had no records **_before_** 1993\. Sundberg surmised
there were two (2) possibilities for the omission:

(1) the managers did not follow their own system of having appraisement
exercises;

(2) there were appraisals on Orlanda which reports were sub-standard.

  
  
Sundberg also cast doubts on the refresher courses which Orlanda claimed he
took before sitting for the third mate`s examination. He testified that the
duration of such courses is a few months, not a few days. He concluded that
Orlanda most likely never had the competence/capability to handle the work of
a navigation officer.  
  
Nor surprisingly, Sundberg`s views were subjected to vigorous cross-
examination. Counsel questioned Sundberg`s expertise extracting his
confirmation that Sundberg had never served as a deck officer and had no
experience in navigation, save as an electrical engineer. However, Sundberg
pointed out that as a ship`s electrical engineer, he was familiar with engines
and what was required for their maintenance. As a crewing manager, he had also
been exposed to shipowners and managers from many countries.  
  
Counsel for the defendants questioned Sundberg`s basis to express opinions on
Orlanda`s competence when Sundberg had never interviewed Orlanda. In this
regard, I observed that Orlanda passed his subject Principles of Navigation
with 78% against a pass-mark of 75%. I do not believe one needs to interview
Orlanda to be able to say that his performance was mediocre. Indeed, I noted
(V/N 357) that Orlanda averaged 76.35% for five (5) subjects with 80% for
Seamanship knowledge, being his highest score. Counsel attempted to justify
the poor facilities Sundberg saw at the PMI in 1982 by the fact that
Philippines is a poor country. Sundberg disagreed that what he saw was
representative of the standard in the Philippines, although there could be
other schools with the same facilities. He pointed out that he was comparing
the standards at the PMI **_with other standards in the Philippines_** (such
as PMMA) and not with those in his home country.  
  
**_Defendants` case_**

****

  
  
I begin my review of the defendants` evidence with the testimony of Manetos
(DW1), who was a master mariner himself (1964-1972) before he assumed his
present position of port captain. He testified that the managers take charge
of eight (8) vessels all of which have excellent safety records save that one
(the Saronikos II) grounded off Finland in June 1989, due to no fault of the
vessel.  
  
Manetos testified that he attended the vessel during her Rotterdam drydocking
and hence could verify the actual repairs carried out by the yard. He
explained that the vessel had a lot of garbage/sweepings as she was on charter
for a long time; hence skips were provided in four (4) holds to collect the
same. The sweepings included hard mud which otherwise would have to be put
into containers and discharged at other ports; soft mud was pumped out. The
vessel`s tanks also had to be cleaned to provide for easy access to the holds
for those working there. Manetos said he took the opportunity while the vessel
was drydocked to have the tanks painted. Consequently, he arranged for special
paints to be supplied and the crew scraped and physically removed from the
tanks whatever scrapings they could. Hence, it was not surprising that 12
tonnes of loose rust and dirt were removed from the vessel. As stated earlier,
Phelan disagreed with Manetos`s calculations and had criticised the quality of
the paints used.  
  
When Manetos visited the vessel (on 10 January 1996) after her grounding, he
alleged someone had opened the portside door and failed to close it properly
thereafter resulting in leakage (after the cargo was discharged). When he
boarded the vessel, he had checked and found hold No 1 dry; this indicated
that the portside door was weathertight. He (with Low from the salvors) had
closed the portside door properly using pipes as a lever and, the hold
remained dry for ten days until discharge of the cargo. He did not meet Oostra
or Findlay during his visit to Singapore, and no one raised the issue that the
leakage from the hold was due to corrosion. He denied the allegations of
corrosion made by the plaintiffs` experts.  
  
In his affidavit, Manetos set out at length the procedures in his company`s
crewing department relating to recruitment, retention and monitoring of seamen
(through an appraisal system and masters` checklists). Recruitment of ratings
was from two (2) sources, a Filipino agency (Adamsons) and an Egyptian company
while officers were generally Greek.  
  
Manetos also detailed the managers` practice for ships` maintenance and
repair; he said there were no pre-set limits on his mandate to authorise
repairs and his management had never been known to refuse any repair
expenditure which he recommended. Vessels were repaired and drydocked whenever
required by classification societies or where necessary. The managers
practised preventive maintenance well before problems arose. Manetos
specifically addressed the issue of his company`s maintenance system for the
`tween decks. He also referred to the vessel`s drydocking history between
1993-1995. However, Manetos said the vessels managed by his company did not
keep maintenance records; he felt that such logs were not reliable, they only
recorded what works people said were done without any certainty that the works
were indeed done; he preferred to rely on his own visual inspections.  
  
Port captains/engineering superintendents would visit every vessel at least
twice (if not more times) a year. In the course of such visits himself,
Manetos said he would review the master`s checklists and hold discussions with
the master and the chief/other officers. He would also conduct physical
inspections (lasting one to two days) of the vessel, paying particular
attention to cargo holds and problem areas, making notes in the process, which
notes he would dispose off after he had compiled his report. To support his
testimony, Manetos exhibited in his affidavit correspondence he had exchanged
with the various masters of the vessel and the invoices relating to the
drydocking at Rotterdam. In this regard, Manetos`s last visit to the vessel
before the grounding was in March 1995, on which occasion he found the
condition of the holds to be satisfactory. He relied on the charterers` on-
hire survey as further evidence of the vessel`s good condition. However, both
Phelan and Findlay had questioned the findings of that survey (pp 431-439 of
Manetos`s affidavit) conducted on 29 November 1995 by Liverpool & Glasgow
Salvage Association at Immingham, for the reason that `access to the tween-
deck spaces was restricted at the time of survey, however, no major defects
were sighted` (see p 5 of the report). Questioned on this issue, Manetos said
that all the hatch covers would have to be opened, otherwise the surveyors
would not have been able to inspect the holds; they could see easily the
forward and aft bulkheads. Access to the `tween decks was not denied but, it
would have been difficult for the surveyors to inspect the starboard and
portside because of limited walking space. As Manetos admitted he was not
present at the time of the on-hire survey, his explanation is at best
speculative although the log entry of the vessel for 29 November 1995
(2DB1830) supported his statement that all the hatch covers were indeed opened
for purposes of loading.  
  
**_all_**** _loose rust and dirt_** Evidence adduced from Manetos in the
course of cross-examination included the following:

(1) it is very common on Greek vessels for officers to assume higher positions
than their qualification (second officer to chief officer, second engineer to
chief officer). In his own case, he commanded a vessel at 28 years of age (in
1964) even though he only had a chief officer`s certificate then;

(2) he disagreed with Phelan that a turnover of one hundred (100) crew over
three (3) years for the vessel was high. This was common as it was the
managers` practice to put more crew on board than was necessary, for purposes
of maintenance, especially for the engine room. Consequently, the vessel had
26 crew on board at the time of the grounding when the manning requirement was
15-16 crew. In any case, of the 100 persons who served, 72 were `repeat` crew
who had served his company`s vessels for periods ranging from 5 to 25 years;

(3) his status report in May 1994 (p 187 of his affidavit) suggested that the
vessel had rust in its side and double-bottom tanks and its plates (mostly in
the upper parts of the tanks) were wasted when the rust was removed. His
report stated (and gave the impression) that temporary repairs were effected
to the tanks in order to make them watertight for testing, for purposes of
Lloyds` special survey. He confirmed no ultrasonic tests on the bulkheads were
done on the vessel at that time, although the vessel was then 15 years old;

(4) the vessel traded heavily in all kinds of weather conditions which
sometimes precluded proper maintenance from being carried out;

(5) there was no documentary evidence to substantiate his claim that paints
were used for maintenance although an invoice was produced (see D2) to prove
that paint supplies were delivered to the vessel in December 1995. Manetos
pointed out that painting could be carried out at any time, weather
permitting, and not only when the vessel was in drydock; it was an on-going
process. However, as the vessel was in drydock in November 1995, he seized the
opportunity to arrange for the holds and tank tops to be painted; in further
cross-examination (V/N 756) Manetos corrected himself to say he did not mean
the holds were painted but only where necessary, as well as other parts of the
vessel. For the double bottom tanks, the vessel applied epoxy paints or
`hard`, not `soft` or conventional paints; before epoxy paints can be applied,
the area needs to be sandblasted. For that reason, for purposes of ordinary
maintenance, the crew would apply conventional paints;

(6) the 12 tonnes of came mainly from the double-bottom tank No 4 which had to
be scraped as a prelude to painting with special paint; by then the vessel had
traded continuously for 605 days. The Dutch shipyard did not weigh either the
empty or filled skip, the rust removed from the vessel would be no more than
50-100kilos. However, as the removal cost was not much (the shipyard`s figure
of 3,900 NLG was reduced to 2,500) he did not quarrel over the shipyard`s
charge, which was purely estimated;

(7) although the vessel was docked and undocked on 2 and 12 November 1995
respectively, her repairs were carried out from 2 to 26 November 1995 (see p
387 of his affidavit);

(8) he disagreed that the condition of the vessel before the grounding was
reflected in the photographs taken by Low and Oostra;

(9) he disagreed with Findlay`s findings of severe wastage and corrosion
claiming it was only surface corrosion arising from the grounding of the
vessel. If indeed there was severe corrosion in Nos 3 and 4 `tween deck
bulkheads which caused the leakage Findlay had detected, he would have done
something or, Lloyd`s surveyors would have requested some action to be taken.
When he visited the vessel at the time of the grounding, he found her bow
sitting on the rocks and contended that was the cause of the leak.

  
  
Some independent evidence to support the vessel`s condition as photographed at
the time of the grounding but which was not a result of the grounding is to be
found in Lloyd`s survey (at p 411 of Manetos`s affidavit) based on a first
visit by the surveyor on 13 April and a last visit on 31 July 1996. Counsel
for the plaintiffs had highlighted certain repairs (at p 6 of the report)
which were not attributable to the grounding; these included repair of doors
(not specified) which were not watertight or could not close properly/tightly
and air pipes which Findlay had found to be corroded. I should add that there
were no corresponding photographs taken by Manetos of the grounded vessel, to
refute the state of corrosion Findlay found in the bulkheads (V/N 1206) save
that there was one (No 59 in D6) of the `tween deck, taken (on 20 April 1996)
after the vessel had been delivered to Sembawang Shipyard.  
  
However, in the course of re-examination, Manetos was able to prove that at
the vessel`s drydocking in Rotterdam, steelworks were done on cargo holds 2
and 3 while Nos 3 and 4 had their tank top bulkheads cropped, renewed and
welded (2DB1747), so too the bulkhead of the cargo hold `tween deck
(2DB1758A).  
  
As for appraisal of Orlanda`s performance, Manetos said the managers relied on
Adamsons to check on the credentials of the crew supplied by the company to
his and other shipping companies. Neither he nor others with the managers
checked Orlanda`s seaman discharge books as, Orlanda went direct to the
vessel, after his recruitment. Manetos was also not aware of the
experience/background of Gameng, who actually recruited Orlanda. As far as he
was aware, Orlanda had a certificate in Automatic Radar Plotting Aid (ARPA).
Questioned on the lack of crew appraisal reports on Orlanda (V/N 656), Manetos
explained that it could **_either_** mean that (1) he was not on board during
the period, or (2) he had not been signed off, or (3) he was on the vessel but
no appraisal report was necessary because Orlanda was familiar to the managers
and it served no purpose for the master to repeat his appraisal year after
year. However, Manetos stopped short of saying that there were no appraisal
reports on Orlanda prior to his service on the vessel, due to the third
factor.  
  
I turn next to Orlanda`s evidence. His contract of employment (DB395) with the
managers dated 12 December 1994 was for twelve (12) months` service. As he had
signed on the vessel at Capetown on 7 January 1995 (DB249), his last day of
service would coincidentally have been on the day of the grounding. At the
time of the grounding, Orlanda was 43[half ] years old; he turned 44 on 31
August 1996.  
  
In his affidavit, Orlanda exhibited a copy of the earlier statement he had
given to SRT on 30/31 January 1996 (`the earlier statement`) but which he
signed at Auckland on 3 August 1996. I shall now refer to that earlier
statement and where necessary, I shall compare it with what he said to Phelan
at the Landmark interview.  
  
In the earlier statement, Orlanda stated he could not remember when he sat for
**_either_** the third or second mates` certificates although to Phelan, he
recalled it was about a month **_before_** the certificate was issued to him.
Phelan had identified the period for the third mate`s examination as May 1977
while that for the second mate`s was September 1983. However, in the Landmark
interview, Orlanda stated he sat for the third mate`s examination in November
1998.  
  
When he was recruited by Adamsons, Orlanda said he was interviewed (for about
an hour) by Gameng who asked him about his experience and for his
certificates. Since 27 March 1984, he had served as second mate on ten (10)
vessels of which six (6) were under the managers` charge. Orlanda claimed that
none of the masters he served (including three (3) on the vessel) had
complaints about his conduct or ability. Indeed, one of them (master of the
Corinthiakos) had described his conduct as `excellent`. Apart from a minor
collision with a barge when he was with the Saronikos II, he had not been
involved in any accident in his employment with the managers. Orlanda knew the
master very well from their service on the Johnny Two and Laconikos II (not
Saronikos II) where the master was the chief officer. At the Landmark
interview, Orlanda alleged that the master had changed since taking command -
there was even a hint that the master was a racist.  
  
In the earlier statement, Orlanda claimed that the master, knowing that his
contract on the vessel would end in January 1996, had requested him to extend
his contract. He claimed he had agreed with the master he would leave the
vessel after it arrived in Indonesia. However, in the Landmark interview,
Orlanda alleged the master did not want him to continue. Orlanda`s vivid
recollection of this conversation is to be contrasted with his inability to
recall significant events - the dates of his examinations, at what age he took
them and the refresher courses he underwent prior thereto.  
  
In the Landmark interview, Orlanda said the master had asked him (in the
presence of ABS Mohd and another dark skinned ABS) when he was on watch that
day, whether Orlanda wanted to be put ashore at Singapore, thereby insinuating
that he did not particularly want Orlanda on board. This rankled Orlanda (who
could still remember the incident after four (4) years) so much so that
Orlanda could not bring himself to call the master as instructed. Although
Orlanda claimed to have used radar to plot the positions on the chart (aided
by visual navigation), this was not done. Prior to the grounding, Orlanda said
he was primarily monitoring ships using ARPA; there were ships on his portside
and behind him. However, he had no qualifications in nor had he attended
courses in, ARPA, even 3[half ] years after the grounding.  
  
In the Landmark interview, Orlanda challenged the earlier statement. He
claimed it was prepared by SRT based on documentation (even though SRT`s
letter dated 8 December 1999 (2DB2011) to the managers and the defendants`
solicitors stated that they had interviewed him that day in Manila). Neither
did Orlanda complain to SRT that Phelan had attempted to coerce him to admit
to wrongdoing, although SRT`s interview of him was just eight (8) days after
the Landmark interview and, any undue pressure exerted on him would have been
fresh in Orlanda`s mind. The lack of complaint is all the more significant as
para 10 of SRT`s aforesaid letter referred to the Landmark interview and
recorded what Orlanda reported had transpired between him and Phelan/Navinder
Singh.  
  
It is noteworthy that when he talked to Phelan, Orlanda said he was surprised
that the master left the bridge while the vessel was still in the TSS. He said
he did not want the master to leave after the latter had shattered his
confidence with the insinuation of wanting him to leave the vessel.  
  
I turn now to Orlanda`s cross-examination. I had considerable difficulty in
understanding his evidence as his (disjointed, rambling and convoluted)
answers were oftentimes incoherent, in part due to his poor command of
English. Further, he often prefaced his answers with the phrase `I don`t
exactly remember ...`. At other times, his stock answer was `I don`t
remember`. Questioned why he did not lodge a cross-complaint against Phelan
with the PRC, for applying pressure on him by the use of loud and foul
language (V/N 813-6) at the Landmark interview, Orlanda did not/could not give
any/any satisfactory, explanation.  
  
When told Phelan`s comment that he had appeared evasive in relation to the
timing of the dates for his examinations, Orlanda explained he was `upset`,
`still in shock` at the time, as he had no supporting papers to show to
Phelan. Counsel then took Orlanda through Phelan`s notes of the Landmark
interview. Orlanda confirmed he had indeed made the statements which Phelan
had recorded save that, he denied he had challenged the earlier statement and
he denied:

(1) the review centre which he attended at Manila before taking the third
mate`s examination was a means whereby candidates bribed certain examiners in
the PRC to facilitate the award of a certificate;

(2) that he had told Phelan the chief officer was not capable or that he had
told Phelan the master had changed since being promoted from chief officer. He
had only told Phelan some Greek officers were okay while others were not but
he had no problems with those serving on the vessel;

(3) that he had told Phelan the master had insinuated he should be put ashore
at Singapore in the presence of ABS Mohd and another ABS;

(4) that he had told Phelan he had no training or qualification in ARPA;

(5) that he had told Phelan that he was waiting for the GPS alarm to sound to
confirm that he was at the waypoint alter course position;

(6) that he told Phelan that no new posting came from the managers after the
grounding (as indicated to him there would be), and he therefore sought
employment elsewhere. However, he revealed he rejoined the managers` services
in March 2000 on the MSC Sarah.

  
  
Although it was not stated in his affidavit or in the earlier statement, it
emerged that at the material time (see SRT`s letter dated 8 December 1999)
Orlanda was beset with personal problems - his wife was a drug addict while
his eldest daughter was disruptive at school. According to Orlanda, these
problems apparently affected his concentration; indeed he said his mind was a
**_blank_** just before the vessel hit the rocks.  
  
As a follow-up to Orlanda`s evidence, I turn to the testimony of the master
(DW3); he holds a Greek Class A captain`s diploma (obtained in 1993) which he
said is the equivalent of a master`s foreign-going certificate of competency
(unrestricted). The master had started his seafaring career in 1965 as a youth
and first assumed command of a vessel (not with the managers) in August 1994,
when he was 47 years of age. He joined the vessel as its captain in August
1995 when she was on time-charter to other charterers. The master described
Orlanda as a competent and good deck-officer from the days when they served
together on the Johnny II and the Laconikos II, who never gave him cause to
complain. He considered Orlanda a careful navigator whose voyage planning was
always accurate and who had previously not been known to miss an alteration of
course position or failing to call him to the bridge when required.  
  
Prior to his affidavit, the master had given four (4) statements on the
grounding, including one to the MPA and another to SRT. He deposed he was
particularly concerned about piracy in the Straits of Malacca; hence, he
doubled the watch until after the vessel had passed Singapore. As was his
practice, he remained continuously on the bridge during the vessel`s passage
through the Singapore (main) Straits, commencing at approximately 0400 hours
on 7 January 1996; he was present when Orlanda took over the 1200 hours watch
that day; ABS Mohd and another ABS were also on duty. As the TSS covered a
relatively long distance before the next waypoint was reached (which he
calculated would be at about 1345 hours), the master decided to leave the
bridge to have a shower and a meal. After his shower, he returned briefly to
the bridge, checked the vessel`s position (fixed at 1246 hours) before
proceeding to lunch.; he did not speak to Orlanda who was then looking at the
ARPA while ABS Mohd was on the port bridge wing; the other ABS had left the
bridge. It is noted that the master is familiar with the Singapore Straits as,
he had sailed through it many times previously as chief officer and once, as
captain.  
  
Contrary to Orlanda`s claim that there were many ships in the TSS, the master
deposed there was only one ship ahead of the vessel`s portside (about 8 miles
or so away) when he left the bridge to take his lunch. After lunch, the master
went to his cabin (between 1306-1308 hours) and fell asleep in his chair only
to be woken up about 20 minutes later by a strong vibration, when the vessel
grounded.  
  
The master rushed to the bridge and saw Orlanda in front of the ARPA leaning
against and banging his head, on one of the forward bridge windows. After
sounding the general alarm, the master requested the chief officer to transmit
a Mayday message to Singapore radio and requested Orlanda to record what had
happened in the rough deck log. The master inspected and found all holds to be
dry save for No 2 hold which was flooded up to the level of the `tween deck.
The master noted it was 1405 hours when he took the vessel`s position on GPS
and found she was sitting on the rocks of South Ledge at Horsburgh Lighthouse.  
  
**_loose rust and dirt_** Cross-examination elicited the following information
from the master:

(1) the removed from the cargo holds referred to the crew`s sweepings (mud and
rust) approximating 150kgs from the hatches, cargo holds Nos 1 to 4 and
bulkhead;

(2) one of the pre-sailing procedures required him to check the vessel to
ensure its seaworthiness. Although it was not recorded in the vessel`s deck
log entries, the master insisted he had checked, inter alia, the condition of
the cargo holds before the vessel left Immingham;

(3) it was his practice to write on the relevant chart(s) the words `Call Me`
if he felt he could not rely on his officers to alter course in coastal
waters;

(4) although he would not allow Orlanda to alter course in coastal waters
(hence he personally altered course to 081[ordm ] at 1220 hours) and had
requested Orlanda to call him 6 miles before the next alteration point (at
about 1545 hours), it did not mean he had no confidence in Orlanda`s
navigation;

(5) the grounding was a result of human error, not because Orlanda was
incompetent;

(6) there were two (2) ABS on the bridge until about 1210 hours when
(according to Orlanda) only ABS Mohd remained;

(7) he denied his motive for stating in his affidavit that the sliding door
giving access to the port bridge wing was open, was to buttress Orlanda`s
evidence that the crew could not hear the GPS alarm going off. This fact was
inadvertently omitted in the first statement he wrote (in the tugboat which
took him to shore after the grounding) due to his being in a state of shock;

(8) he denied what Phelan recorded at the Landmark interview as having been
said by Orlanda - that he wanted to put Orlanda ashore at Singapore; Orlanda
had requested at Penang (to which he agreed) to sign off the vessel either at
Bangkok or Indonesia. However, had he known that Orlanda had personal
problems, he would have arranged for Orlanda to be sent home immediately.

  
  
Now for Gameng`s evidence; she had joined Adamsons at 19 years of age (in
1982) as personal assistant to Captain Hanel Castuciano (the port captain),
whilst she was a third year student in business administration. In 1984, she
took charge of crew recruitment responsibilities when the port captain left
the company; she reported/reports directly to Milton Adamsons, the president.
He had established the company in 1968 and it provides crew for about 110
vessels belonging to 13 foreign shipowners. Gameng confirmed she had not
attended any courses in nautical subjects or technical matters although she
had attended some seminars (see certificates in D4) organised by the POEA. In
1985, Gameng had attended an orientation seminar organised by the Welfare Fund
for Overseas Workers, another on passport procedures organised by POEA as well
as a third seminar organised by the Filipino Association for the Mariners`
Employment Inc on their new rules and regulations. She had also attended
seminars in 1995 and 1996.  
  
Gameng said Orlanda was first interviewed in November 1986 for his employment
by Guise Shipping Enterprise Corp (`Guise`) on the Leontari. The first
interview (there were others) was conducted in her presence by Captain George
Katsimpiris (`Captain Katsimpiris`) of Prometheus Shipping Co (the predecessor
to Guise), who happened to be at Adamsons`s office at the time. Captain
Katsimpiris questioned Orlanda on how he would react to different navigational
situations; his assessment of Orlanda was favourable. Captain Katsimpiris was
not mentioned in the statement Gameng gave at Manila on 17 September 1996.
Cross-examined on the omission, she explained it was because she had to be
sure who the captain at the time was. I found her answer perplexing - her
recollection of 1986 events would surely be better in September 1996 (when she
made her statement) than in August 2001 (when she swore her affidavit),
bearing in mind her claim that her company`s records of 1986 were destroyed.
Further, SRT had in their fax dated 3 September 1996, given the managers
notice of the need for information/documents from the time of Orlanda`s
initial recruitment up to the time of the casualty. Adamsons had received an
earlier fax (in August 1996) from the managers, saying the defendants would
have to prove that they had taken all necessary measures to satisfy themselves
on Orlanda`s competence. Surely, Gameng would have started looking for
documents relating to Orlanda in August 1996, not five (5) years later.  
  
Gameng said new recruits are scrutinised carefully, taking into account their
past sea-going experience and qualifications. She exhibited to her affidavit
the Seaman Information Sheet every potential recruit has to submit to her
company together with, his seaman`s discharge book(s), marine certificates and
certificates issued by MARINA and POEA. She would verify with the issuing
authorities the certificates submitted and check the applicant`s character by
contacting his previous recruitment agencies/employers to discuss his
abilities and conduct. In Orlanda`s case, he produced two (2) seaman`s books
and his seaman`s registration card issued by POEA which contained a notation
of his rank and licence. His seaman`s books would give information on his
manning agents.  
  
Although she was aware that Orlanda did not have an ARPA certificate, Gameng
asserted it was not a mandatory requirement under the STCW 1978, although she
agreed that under the documentary requirements for application of endorsement
of certificates under circular 88 (issued by the Department of Transportation
and Communications of MARINA), an ARPA certificate was required. She further
maintained that Orlanda`s Radar Observer Certificate (dated 24 January 1990)
need not be renewed every five (5) years, since it did not have an expiry
date. She denied Orlanda had told her (when he signed on), that his
certificate was about to expire, let alone that she had assured him that `it
was no problem`. Faced with the fact that Orlanda`s certificate of proficiency
in radar simulator course stated that it expired on 29 June 1990, Gameng could
only say that she had submitted the originals of his certificates to MARINA.
In her oral testimony, she added that it was standard operating procedure for
Adamsons to present to the PRC, the original and a photocopy of the licence of
every officer employee.  
  
Gameng had exhibited to her affidavit (p 65) a letter (dated 11 September
1996) from Guise which confirmed that Orlanda had served as second mate on the
Leontari November 1986 to November 1987 **_with the highest degree of
professionalism and skill_**. This was **_after_** the grounding and almost
ten (10) years **_after_** Orlanda had left the Leontari. Cross-examined on
this late testimonial, Gameng denied it was a (belated) attempt to prove she
had obtained a reference for Orlanda **_before_** Adamsons **_first_** placed
him on a ship operated by the managers - it was because the company no longer
had its old records on Orlanda.  
  
Next, there is the defendants` first expert Finnie (DW6) whose testimony was
mentioned earlier in relation to Findlay`s testimony. Finnie, a naval
architect by training, is a director of TMC (Marine Consultants) Pte Ltd; he
was specifically instructed by SRT to address the plaintiffs` allegation on
pre-voyage corrosion in the bulkheads. He had been retained by the salvors in
the London arbitration proceedings (for which he had prepared a report dated
23 May 1997) which proceedings were eventually settled. In his report to SRT
dated 15 August 2001, Finnie opined that he had seen no evidence to
substantiate the plaintiffs` allegation that bulkheads other than Nos 3 and 4
`tween deck were corroded whilst corrosion in the latter was clearly caused by
flooding through the double-bottom tanks resulting from rock penetration.
Finnie inspected the vessel on 27 April 2000 at Hamburg, a year after the
grounding. He asserted that if there was a hole in the bulkheads as Findlay
testified, he would have expected the crew to have seen it during routine
maintenance and reported it to the master. Finnie concluded his report with
the following comment:

> _
>
> 9.1 Although there is no evidence of it prior to the voyage, and only
> limited evidence following the grounding, on balance, in my opinion, there
> probably was corrosion in the nos. 1/2 and the nos. 3/4 `tween deck
> transverse bulkheads at their connection to the `tween deck plating. If this
> is correct, it pre-existed the voyage. However, since none of the many
> surveys and inspections of these areas revealed any defects such corrosion
> as may well have been present, must have been not so easy to detect or so
> obvious as to necessitate further investigation.
_

  
  
Referred to Phelan`s testimony on removing mud from the vessel`s ballast
tanks, Finnie said the simplest (albeit labour intensive) way was to shovel
the mud/sand into the access hold on the tank top, even if the mud at the
bottom of a ballast tank was only one inch deep. On the other hand, hosing out
the mud through numerous small `rat` holes at the bottom of a tank would be
almost physically impossible; the process was also time-consuming and may
result in flooding of the drydock. In fact, where there is a huge build-up of
mud, the easiest way is to cut a circular opening at the bottom of the tank
and drop the mud through.  
  
Drawing on his previous experience (as an in-house surveyor for BP Petroleum),
Finnie said that a classification society surveyor (surveying a cargo-hold or
`tween deck bulkhead amongst other structural items) will ask for specific
ultrasonic readings to be taken of certain areas only if the surveyor is
concerned about what he has seen. Otherwise, there is no mandatory requirement
for taking ultrasonic thickness measurements of the `tween deck bulkheads or
other internal structures during any classification or special, surveys of a
ship.  
  
Finnie speculated that the corrosion which Findlay and Oostra saw on the
starboard side of the bulkhead was caused by a distorted beam beneath the
transverse bulkhead, probably due to some cargo being dropped on it. The
stress of the load placed on the beam distorted and caused it to move towards
the `tween deck and the bulkhead to fail. Finnie maintained grooving not
ordinary, corrosion was the more likely cause of the rust/wasted plating seen
by Findlay and Oostra. He added that the type of bulkhead failure seen on the
vessel is most common with grooving corrosion.  
  
Shown the photographs taken by Findlay, Finnie said he could not see the
source of leakage which Findlay had alleged nor water flowing therefrom. As
for the steel encased cement boxes which the salvors had installed over three
(3) stiffeners on the portside, Finnie said these were typical of normal
salvage operations. The salvors` attempts to fit a wedge through the bulkhead
was prone to failure because the original segments of the bulkhead were thin.
With regard to the rust sample analysed by Atlantic Engineering Laboratory,
Finnie agreed it may not have been a result of grooving corrosion on the
starboard side (because Oostra had described it as a circular opening) but,
there was obvious grooving corrosion on the portside. Grooving corrosion
sometimes does not affect the entire bulkhead while sometimes the same
bulkhead would suffer both forms of corrosion. At other times, there could be
an isolated spot of corrosion on a bulkhead. Finnie disagreed that a proper
visual inspection before the vessel sailed would have detected the corrosion,
regardless of the type. He opined that sometimes it is difficult to see some
areas, an example would be when hatches are only half-opened.  
  
Finally, there was the evidence of the defendants` second expert Richard
Thomas Gregory (`Gregory`) who gave his opinion on the navigational aspects of
the vessel, at the time of her grounding. Gregory (DW7) served six (6) years
as a chief officer (until 1981) before coming ashore as a marine
superintendent. Gregory reconstructed the vessel`s course on 7 January 1996 as
prepared by Orlanda (diagrams A to C) between 1315 to 1333 hours but unlike
Phelan, he did not think that Orlanda had failed to navigate the vessel
properly or, that he was poorly trained and/or was incompetent. Noting that
Orlanda had served twelve (12) years as a second officer without incident,
Gregory opined that Orlanda was competent to take charge of a navigational
watch. Gregory dismissed the psychological examination tests of Orlanda (done
by Adamsons) as irrelevant in assessing Orlanda`s competence since, the
conclusion of the test was, that Orlanda was recommended for service as a
second officer without reservation; I shall return to these tests later.  
  
Gregory was also of the view that there was sufficient detailed pre-planning
to allow the vessel to safely navigate through the middle channel Traffic
Separation Scheme to pass the Horsburgh Lighthouse. He found the bridge
management team sufficient for the intended sector of the vessel`s passage, in
the prevailing conditions of good weather, clear visibility and no crossing
traffic. He found that the GPS receiver did not give anomalous data that day
and accepted without question, Orlanda`s explanation that he did not hear the
alarm when the vessel was approaching the position where course was to be
altered to 049 as not unusual, due to extraneous noise on the bridge of a
ship.  
  
Gregory went on to make the following comments in his report:

> _
>
> 3.3.2 The Master`s decision to tell Mr Orlanda to call him to the bridge is
> not surprising and does not indicate any lack of confidence in the officer.
> The planned alteration of course from 081 to 049 was not a difficult
> manoeuvre for an experienced navigating officer such as Mr Orlanda and did
> not require the presence of the Master on the bridge. However, within the
> bounds of good practice, Masters vary in the extent to which they like to be
> "hands-on". Therefore, because he had been instructed to do so, Mr Orlanda
> was wrong not to have called the Master. He was also wrong not to have
> altered course at the pre-planned position. Finally, he made a gross error
> of judgment at the last moment by altering course to port causing the ship
> to run aground. In my view this is a case of human error, not one of
> incompetence. My reading of Captain Oostra`s report is that he reached the
> same conclusion. There is no conclusion in his report that Mr Orlanda was
> incompetent. Similarly, there is no conclusion that Mr Orlanda was
> incompetent in the TR Little & Co. report [Findlay`s report].
_

  
  
and arrived at the following conclusion:

> _
>
> 8(e) ... The bridge was manned by a navigating officer and an AB. This is
> normal and acceptable. Although not strictly necessary, the Master had
> issued clear instructions for him to be called to the bridge. These
> instructions were not complied with and the additional back-up of the GPS
> alteration of course alarm was not heard. In my opinion, the procedures
> which were in place for the voyage were perfectly acceptable and no fault in
> these procedures caused the ship to run aground. I have seen nothing to
> suggest that the management of the bridge team was anything other than
> normal and acceptable and in accordance with good practice.
_

  
  
There are certain shortcomings in Gregory`s report; his findings were based on
documents he had sighted and which he accepted at face value, including
Orlanda`s certificates (V/N 1443). These also included the master`s report and
the master`s statement to the MPA, the statements of Gameng, Orlanda, the
master and Manetos given to SRT and, the Landmark interview of Orlanda.
Indeed, Gregory stated that he had not seen any grounds to support Phelan`s
allegation that Orlanda`s qualifications were discrepant. I note that Gregory
did not interview Orlanda or any of the other persons whose statements he
relied on; he did not inspect the vessel either. He had also assumed without
question, that the words `PLEASE CALL MASTER` were written on the chart at the
material time when SRT had stated, that those words were written **_after_**
the grounding, as a cover-up by the master and Orlanda.  
  
Cross-examination of Gregory revealed that he was aware of the **_existence_**
but was not familiar with, the regulations governing STCW certificates.
Neither was he aware that radar observers` certificate had a life span of five
(5) years. As he did not hear the testimony of the master, Gregory could not
comment on the absence of a discharge given for Orlanda`s service on the
vessel; neither could he comment on the lack of appraisal forms (CRI) for
Orlanda`s service on board vessels operated by the managers. However, he
agreed that Orlanda should have seen the racon of Horsburgh Lighthouse when it
was picked up by the vessel`s radar on its 12-mile radius.  
  
**_The law_**

****

  
  
**THE HAGUE RULES**

  
  
The defendants` defence to the plaintiffs` claim was based on art IV of the
Hague Rules which states:

> _
>
> 2 Neither the carrier nor the ship shall be responsible for loss or damage
> arising or resulting from -
(a) Act, neglect or default of the master, mariner, pilot or the servants of
the carrier in the navigation or in the management of the ship.

(c) Perils, dangers and accidents of the sea or other navigable waters.

_

  
  
while the plaintiffs relied on art III para 1 which states:

> _The carrier shall be bound before and at the beginning of the voyage to
> exercise due diligence to -_

> _
>
> (a) Make the ship seaworthy.
(b) Properly man, equip and supply the ship.

(c) Make the holds, refrigerating and cool chambers, and all other parts of
the ship in which goods are carried, fit and safe for their reception,
carriage and preservation.

_

  
  
The law requires the plaintiffs to prove that the vessel was unseaworthy prior
to and at the commencement of the voyage, that the unseaworthiness caused loss
and damage to the plaintiffs` cargo **_before_** the burden shifts to the
defendants to prove that they had exercised due diligence. Only then can the
defendants avail themselves of the exceptions under art IV para 2. This is
clear from art IV para 1 which states:

> _Neither the carrier nor the ship shall be liable for loss or damage arising
> or resulting from unseaworthiness**unless caused by want of due diligence on
> the part of the carrier** to make the ship seaworthy, and to secure that the
> ship is properly manned, equipped and supplied, and to make the holds,
> refrigerating and cool chambers and all other parts of the ship in which
> goods are carried fit and safe for their reception, carriage and
> preservation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 1 of Article
> III. **Whenever loss or damage has resulted from unseaworthiness the burden
> of proving the exercise of due diligence shall be on the carrier or other
> person claiming exemption under this Article**. [Emphasis is added.]_

  
  
**TITLE TO SUE**

  
  
The defendants had questioned the plaintiffs` title to sue (save for Gresik
and Perum, holders of bills of lading Nos 3, 10, 11 and 501 respectively). The
plaintiffs relied on the Bills of Lading Act (Cap 384, 1994 Ed) (`the Act`) in
particular ss 2(1) and 5(2) for their claims; the sections state:

> _
>
> 2(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a person who
> becomes -
(a) the lawful holder of a bill of lading;

(b) the person who (without being an original party to the contract of
carriage) is the person to whom delivery of the goods to which a sea waybill
relates is to be made by the carrier in accordance with the contract; or

(c) the person to whom delivery of the goods to which a ship`s delivery order
relates is to be made in accordance with the undertaking contained in the
order,

shall (by virtue of becoming the holder of the bill or, as the case may be,
the person to whom delivery is to be made) have transferred to and vested in
him all rights of suit under the contract of carriage as if he had been a
party to that contract.

5(2) References in this Act to the holder of a bill of lading are references
to any of the following persons:

(a) a person with possession of the bill who, by virtue of being the person
identified in the bill, is the consignee of the goods to which the bill
relates;

(b) a person with possession of the bill as a result of the completion, by
delivery of the bill, of any indorsement of the bill or, in the case of a
bearer bill, of any other transfer of the bill;

(c) a person with possession of the bill as a result of any transaction by
virtue of which he would have become a holder falling within paragraph (a) or
(b) had not the transaction been effected at a time when possession of the
bill no longer gave a right (as against the carrier) to possession of the
goods to which the bill relates,

and a person shall be regarded for the purposes of this Act as having become
the lawful holder of a bill of lading wherever he has become the holder of the
bill in good faith.

_

  
  
The Act (in effect since 1993) replaced the Carriage of Goods by Sea Act 1992.  
  
In their final submissions, the plaintiffs submitted that they claimed either
under

(1) straight consigned bills of lading; and/or

(2) as holders and/or indorsees who had taken delivery of the cargo from the
defendants in Singapore, after surrender of their original bills of lading.

  
  
Gresik and Perum were examples of (2) with Perum also coming under (1) for
bill of lading 501. Both consignees also held multi-modal bills of lading or
combined transport bills of lading; these are issued by forwarding
companies/shipping lines that wish to provide an all-round service to their
customers under which the issuer would assume contractual responsibilities for
the whole period of carriage. However, the Hague or Hague-Visby Rules would
only apply to the sea portion of the transportation by the carrier (see
**_Bills of Lading: Law and Contracts_** by Nicholas Gaskell pp 13-14 and
**_Carver on Bills of Lading_** (1st Ed, 2001) p 402 para 8-065).  
  
It bears remembering that the defendants have a counterclaim for general
average, pursuant to the York-Antwerp Rules 1974 (as amended in 1990); they
had based their claim on cl 22(2) of the charterers` bills of lading. Under
common law, a shipowner has a lien on the cargo while in his possession or in
that of his servants as a carrier, not only for the freight, but also for the
cargo`s share of general average. The enforcement of this lien is made the
more necessary for a shipowner from the circumstance that a mere consignee of
cargo, not being the owner at the time of the sacrifice or expenditure, is not
liable for general average in the absence of agreement. The shipowner is
entitled to sue to recover contribution from the owners of surviving cargo. If
the ownership of the cargo remains unchanged throughout the voyage there is no
difficulty in identifying the proper defendant. If, however, there is a change
in ownership, the person liable is the owner of the cargo at the time of the
sacrifice or expenditure, although the liability may be retained by the
shipper, or passed on to subsequent assignees of the goods by appropriate
contractual stipulations (see Lowndes & Rudolf`s **_The Law of General Average
and The York-Antwerp Rules_** (12th Ed) p 629 para 30.36 and p 640 para
30.54).  
  
Who could be the owners of the cargo in this case? There were three (3)
possibilities:

(1) the bank stated on the bill of lading to be the consignee;

(2) the various shippers of the goods who sometimes appeared in the consignee
column by the remark `to shipper`s order`;

(3) the plaintiffs who were identified as the notify party on the bills of
lading.

  
  
The plaintiffs cited **The Shravan** [1999] 4 SLR 197  for their submission
that they had title to sue. Unless the plaintiffs had legal ownership of, or
possessory title to the cargo at the time of the loss or damage, they cannot
sue for negligence ( **The Aliakmon** [1986] 2 Lloyd`s Rep 1). Granted, there
was no direct evidence from the cargo-owners (other than Gresik and Perum) on
their title/ownership of the cargo; Foster was their representative for the
purpose. According to Foster, despite the effluxion of time (some five (5)
years), no one else apart from the plaintiffs had come forward to lodge a
claim on the cargo. Further, the defendants must have been satisfied with the
title of the plaintiffs as otherwise, they would not have delivered up the
cargo to the plaintiffs/their recovery agents in exchange for the bills of
lading presented by the plaintiffs. I am of the view that the only inference
one can draw therefrom is, that no one had better title to the cargo than the
plaintiffs.  
  
It is also significant that the plaintiffs had furnished to the defendants
Lloyd`s Average Bonds in exchange for the defendants` surrender of their lien
on the cargo. The standard bond issued in favour of the defendants (see the
affidavit of Neil Buckland from Clancey, Sons & Stacey) states:

> _In consideration of the delivery to us or to our order on payment of the
> freight due, of the goods noted above we agree to pay the proper proportion
> of any salvage and/or general average and/or special charges which may
> hereafter be ascertained to be due from the goods or the shippers or owners
> thereof under an adjustment prepared in accordance with the provisions of
> the contract of affreightment governing the carriage of the goods or,
> failing any such provision, in accordance with the law and practice of the
> place where the common maritime adventure ended and which is payable in
> respect of the goods by the shippers or owners thereof._

  
  
Why would the plaintiffs (or their underwriters) furnish the bonds unless they
were certain they owned the cargo relating thereto? Conversely, why would the
defendants demand average bonds from the plaintiffs unless they were certain
the latter were the owners of the cargo in question? In this regard, I reject
the ambivalent stand adopted by the defendants in their pleadings. They
cannot, in one and the same breath, question the plaintiffs` right to sue but
yet counterclaim general average contribution from the latter.  
  
Accordingly, I am of the view that the plaintiffs had title to sue; they come
within the ambit of s 2(1) as well as s 5(2)(a) and (b) of the Act. Having
disposed of this preliminary issue, I turn to consider the testimony relevant
to the determination of the various aspects of unseaworthiness and the
defences thereof, under the Hague Rules.  
  
**_Findings_**

****

  
  
**MANNING REQUIREMENT UNDER ARTICLE III PARAGRAPH 1(B) OF THE HAGUE RULES**

  
  
I start by reviewing Orlanda`s testimony. Unlike the defendants` experts (2)
and Oostra, I had the benefit of assessing Orlanda while he was in the witness
stand for three days (5-7 September 2001). During that time, his testimony
shifted like the sands when washed by the tides, depending on his moods (V/N
842). He not only denied what he had said at the Landmark interview but even
what he had told the solicitor from SRT (Apostolis) in Manila on 8 December
1998 (whose interview took a whole day), that the words `Please Call Captain`
were inserted on the chart after the grounding as a cover-up.  
  
It was naïve of Orlanda to expect the court would believe his claim that
Phelan had applied undue pressure on him at the Landmark interview. Even
without Phelan`s denial (coupled with Navinder Singh`s), I am convinced there
is not one iota of truth in that allegation. Phelan is not capable of the
profanities which Orlanda attributed to him. It bears mentioning that at no
time during or after, the Landmark interview (confirmed by the man himself),
was Orlanda left alone with Phelan. The allegation of undue pressure was
clearly an afterthought concocted by Orlanda in a vain attempt to explain the
inconsistencies in his testimony and Phelan`s negative assessment of him. As
was pointed out earlier, Orlanda could have raised the complaint at the very
first opportunity he had on 8 December 1999 to SRT but he never did. He did
not even complain to Rosario (DW5) later, when Rosario resorted to all manner
of technical objections in his attempts to strike out Phelan`s complaint to
the PRC. In this regard, it is significant that Orlanda had, in answer to my
repeated questions (V/N 910), confirmed that he had instructed Rosario to
challenge Phelan`s complaint on his certificates but this was never done.  
  
Orlanda`s answers were highly unsatisfactory on the discrepant dates of the
original and replacement certificates issued to him as second mate. However
dull of intellect he may be, I am certain Orlanda`s motive in obtaining the
second certificate (with a different number) was to circumvent the MPA`s
withdrawal of recognition of his replacement certificate. His explanation that
he thought he had lost (in a fire) and then found (in a taxi) his replacement
certificate defies belief. His claim that he took the second mate`s
examination at the PMI in September or December 1982 is equally suspect
because he was then serving on the MV Sunbird (November 1982 to November
1983). Even some of the dates in his several discharge books were discrepant
while dates for discharge from some ships including this vessel (as well as
the Verbena) were missing, for which Orlanda`s explanations were
unsatisfactory. Neither Orlanda nor counsel for the defendants could explain
why his original certificate for STCW 1978, valid until 11 December 1999,
could not be produced.  
  
Orlanda and Gameng did not give any satisfactory explanation why they had
omitted mention (before their affidavits) of his having been interviewed by
Captain Katsimpiris at the time he was recruited by Adamsons. If indeed that
interview did take place (which I doubt), nothing that was said by that
captain to Orlanda was relevant to Orlanda`s background in navigation, so as
to reassure Adamsons of his competence.  
  
Orlanda also had a propensity to embellish his testimony, as can be seen from
the several instances I have highlighted. He struck me as someone who is slow
of intellect (reflected in the fact that he is still a second officer at age
44, when seamen of his age should have moved up the ranks to be masters). He
was poorly trained at the PMI whether in seamanship or in radar observation.
Without contrary evidence from the defendants, I accept the testimony of
Sundberg that the institute provides sub-standard education in marine and
nautical engineering and, produce inferior graduates.  
  
I believe on a balance of probabilities, that the person who sat for the third
mate`s examination on 29 May 1977 was not Orlanda. The examinations covered
five (5) subjects. If indeed Orlanda came off the Verbena on Friday 22 May
1977, he could not possibly have had the time to do a refresher course (4-5
days) and sit for the papers in a span of one (1) week. His subsequent
testimony that he took the examination not in May but in September 1977 is
also not credible. Even if he took the crash/refresher course, I very much
doubt it would have helped him to pass.  
  
Although the standards at the PMI were inferior, Orlanda still only managed to
scrape through whatever subjects he took, a clear sign of his poor calibre.
His answers to questions from plaintiffs` counsel, on how he had plotted the
passage through the Singapore Straits did not inspire confidence in his
navigational abilities; he could not even remember when the grounding occurred
although I do not believe his excuse it was because his mind had gone `blank`
(V/N 995) at 1330 hours. I will elaborate later on the probable cause why he
did not hear the GPS alarm, even though he claimed to be on the bridge at the
material time. I agree with Phelan`s comment (V/N 1272) that his memory loss
was selective; Orlanda could remember the following:

(1) that he maintained a course of 076[ordm ] to keep a proper distance from
other vessels in the TSS;

(2) that he took a radar range and bearing of the nearest point on the Johore
coastline;

(3) calling ABS Mohd and instructing him to watch the ships in the westbound
lane;

(4) returning to the ARPA and after some minutes seeing the westbound traffic
turning onto a westerly direction;

(5) realising the relative positions of Horsburgh Lighthouse were incorrect
and adjusting the course using the autopilot to regain the intended course;

(6) that the autopilot alarm sounded whereupon he disengaged the autopilot;

(7) that he put the helm hard to port, saw the rocks about 5 cables ahead,
that he looked at the GPS and saw a registered speed of 16 knots.

  
  
Yet, he could not remember why he had not fixed a position on the chart after
1333 hours. Phelan had testified that Orlanda would have passed the
precautionary areas (when crossing traffic may be encountered) at 1323 hours
and there was no reason to worry about passing ships thereafter.  
  
Orlanda did not serve two (2) years` sea-time as a rating. Hence, even if I
accept Rosario`s interpretation of Presidential Decree 97 (which I do not),
that resolution 15 only requires applicants for third mate`s examination to
have two years` sea-time as an apprentice/ABS, Orlanda did not fulfil that
requirement; he only served two months due to ill-health. His radar observers`
certificate of competency had expired in 1995 and was not renewed; he did not
have training in, nor an, ARPA certificate at the material time; he had no
practical training in radar at all. Even if I believe his claim that he had
informed Gameng beforehand and she had assured him such a certificate was not
a requirement (which was what she wrongly maintained), it behoved the
managers/the defendants to put a qualified person in charge of radar. Had
Orlanda been trained in ARPA, he would not have been distracted (according to
him) by the westbound traffic in the TSS because the purpose of ARPA is for a
ship`s alarm to go off if vessels approach too closely.  
  
I find it strange that Orlanda would obtain a third mate`s certificate (dated
15 February 1989) from Panama when six (6) years earlier (on 27 January 1983),
he had supposedly obtained his second mate`s certificate from the Philippines.
Could it be he did not in fact sit for the second mate`s examination at Cebu
in September 1982? Further, it made no sense for him to sail on the Sunbird as
third mate (15 March to 26 November 1983) if indeed he had already qualified
as a second mate by then.  
  
Orlanda did not hear the GPS alarm going off at about 1336 hours (by Phelan`s
calculation in chartlet G in P2) which alarm the master corroborated, only
gave two beeps and then stopped. Phelan, however, had asserted that the alarm
is a continuous beep until someone responds by switching it off. Phelan`s
contention appears to be supported by the instruction manual for the Valsat
GPS alarm installed on the vessel (2DB2137). Even if I accept what Gregory
said - that the alarm would continue to sound only if the person in charge had
selected the continuous alarm signal, the question arises why it was not
selected; prudence would have dictated that an alarm should continue to sound
until it is switched off, thus ensuring that it is heard. Orlanda claimed he
had asked ABS Mohd to watch for ships coming down the port bow of the vessel,
after he had fixed her position at about 1333 hours. He had also confirmed
that ABS Mohd never left the bridge; yet, the latter did not warn him of the
approaching rocks (V/N 1010-1012) although they were clearly visible because
it was low tide. He had also said his (garbled) log entry at 1342 hours
(2DB1868) was his estimate of the time when he made the **_mistake_** of
failing to mark the vessel`s position on the chart; there was no reason why he
would make such an unnecessary entry unless it was a fabrication.  
  
Granted, Orlanda had a valid certificate in STCW covering the period 12
December 1994 to 11 December 1999. However, possession of that certificate
(which was not produced) did not/does not amount to an automatic indorsement
of Orlanda`s competency in watch-keeping. It was undisputed that he did not
have an ARPA certificate at the time, unlike the other Second Mate Paulino
Silleza.  
  
Despite Gameng`s denial to the contrary, I note that circular 88 issued by the
Department of Transportation and Communications under MARINA clearly spells
out that STCW certificates have a limited life span (PB2655):

> _
>
> XI Validity
All STCW certificates shall have five (5) year validity period. The MARINA may
issue a provisional certificate with a validity period of not more than one
(1) year on cases such as:-

1\. insufficient sea service ...

_

  
  
As for Gameng, her career with Adamsons started in 1982 when she was a mere
student, in an entirely unrelated discipline. It was her own testimony that
she had no training or expertise in navigational matters and the seminars she
attended in 1985 did not improve her in that regard. Yet by age 21 (in 1984),
she had assumed the responsibilities for crew recruitment from a master
mariner. Gameng`s lack of experience is apparent from the fact that, despite
his poor showing in a psychological evaluation test administered by Adamsons
prior to Orlanda`s employment, with the following results:  
  

|  
---|---  
Practically minded| low  
Adaptable| low  
Realistic| low  
  
  
  
** _Characteristic_**** _Evaluation_** Gameng nonetheless recruited him; his
profile should have forewarned anyone with any seafaring experience that
Orlanda was a poor employment prospect. In this regard, I cannot accept
Gregory`s opinion that, the fact Adamsons recruited Orlanda meant that the
tests should be ignored; logically, the opposite should have been the case.  
  
Although she was alerted soon after the grounding by both the managers and
SRT, Gameng would appear not to have preserved documents pertaining to
Orlanda`s recruitment. Could it be that the reports if produced, would have
shown up Orlanda`s inadequacies? Not only were his certificates discrepant,
Orlanda`s discharge books did not even show when he had signed on and off, the
vessel. Further, he did not have properly documented appraisal records from
the various masters he had served, previous to the vessel. I note in this
regard that the defendants (para 50 of their closing submissions) claimed that
Orlanda had an `unimpeachable record` of service, based on the remarks in his
seaman`s discharge books. I would have been surprised if there had been any
adverse comments, recalling Phelan`s remark that seamen discharge books are
references for sea-time only.  
  
The preponderance of evidence leads me to conclude that Orlanda was not
competent to be and should not have been appointed as, second officer on the
vessel. I cannot overlook the fact that even at the eleventh hour, had Orlanda
slowed/stopped the engines and/or steered the vessel hard to starboard instead
of to port, **_he would still have avoided the rocks_** (according to Oostra`s
testimony). I regard such action not as indicative of casual negligence but,
of sheer incompetence. His second and third mates` certificates are highly
suspect. My belief is reinforced by Rosario`s inexplicable omission to contest
Phelan`s complaint on its merits by proving Orlanda`s qualifications are
genuine. In their closing submissions (para 21), the defendants had described
Rosario as `an eminent shipping lawyer from the Philippines`. With his wealth
of experience/expertise which included a three (3) year stint with SRT in
their London office, it is all the more curious why Rosario did not take up
the cudgels on Orlanda`s behalf to challenge Phelan`s complaint on Orlanda`s
lack of qualifications particularly when, in his own affidavit, Rosario had
deposed (in para 11) that he was satisfied that Orlanda had adequate
qualifications and sufficient sea-time to qualify for the third mate`s
examinations. Rosario`s stance is all the more surprising when viewed in the
light of the managers` reply dated 26 February 1997 (DB259) to MPA (on their
letter dated 23 January 1997); the managers had detailed Orlanda`s
qualifications and sea-time and described him as `a very experienced and
highly regarded deck officer who had an extremely good and uneventful seagoing
career prior to the grounding in question`. The managers` reply is also at
variance with the suggestion put to Phelan by counsel for the defendants, that
the reason Orlanda did not show cause to MPA why his replacement certificate
should be given recognition was due to his disinterest in serving on Singapore
registered ships.  
  
Orlanda`s navigational skills were also woefully inadequate; it emerged from
his cross-examination that the plots he made on the chart were all based on
GPS although he claimed to use visual bearings as his primary means of fixing.
I very much doubt he is capable of using parallel indexing as an aid to
coastal navigation; in any case, he had admitted he did not use parallel
indexing that day. Even though parallel indexing was included in the managers`
navigation guide for the vessel and was recommended for coastal navigation.
Manetos had said (echoed by the master) that he himself would not recommend
it. I find his statement a contradiction in terms and I can only conjecture
that it was to explain away Orlanda`s omission to use parallel indexing that
day. In this regard, I note too that using parallel indexing as a guide to
plot the vessel`s course that day, Phelan produced a chart which showed that
she would have safely navigated Horsburgh Lighthouse and the rocks.  
  
Responsibility for Orlanda`s recruitment rests solely with Adamsons and in
particular on Gameng; her professed claims of having checked Orlanda`s
credentials were not borne out by the evidence. Had she been half as diligent
as Phelan, she would have found out soon enough that Orlanda`s certificates
were not in order. If indeed she had interviewed him properly when he was
hired for the Leontari, with or without Captain Katsimpiris (let alone for an
hour as Orlanda claimed) and, had she had any experience at all of
navigational matters and nautical subjects, Gameng would not have hired
Orlanda - his inadequacies would have been all too apparent. It did not help
that according to Manetos, his company left it entirely to Adamsons to recruit
Filipino crew for the various ships under the managers` charge. Due diligence
on the part of Adamsons and the managers was certainly wanting in this regard.
I accept the plaintiffs` submission that the obligation to exercise due
diligence under art III para 1 is personal to the defendants and they cannot
delegate that duty to Adamsons and/or the managers ( **The Muncaster Castle**
[1959] 2 Lloyd`s Rep 553). Consequently, they will be liable for the negligent
actions of their crewing agents in recruiting sub-standard officers/crew and
also for the failure of the managers to monitor and supervise personnel after
they are recruited.  
  
I now address the vexed question - what actually happened that day on the
bridge? Needless to say, I reject Orlanda`s version as his evidence has been
discredited. The only other person who could have told the court what did take
place was ABS Mohd; he had signed on at Rotterdam on 8 November 1995 (DB249)
but his signing off the vessel is nowhere documented by the defendants, save
that in the master`s statement given at Athens on 12 and 13 February 1997
(DB23-66), it would appear that along with other crew, ABS Mohd was
repatriated soon after the grounding. I note that the defendants did not
obtain any statement from Mohd of what happened that day, even though **_he
was on watch and was with Orlanda on the bridge_** ; neither did the
defendants produce him (or for that matter Orlanda) to the MPA for their
investigations into the incident. Earlier, I had mentioned that counsel for
the defendants attempted to explain the absence of the witness by the fact
that no negligence was alleged against ABS Mohd. I reject this submission; the
plaintiffs had pleaded there was no proper bridge management system (para 3(c)
of the reply and defence to counterclaim) and that must include, as Phelan
stated in his report, all personnel on the bridge including the ABS who acted
as lookout. I would agree with the plaintiffs` submission that an adverse
inference should be drawn against the defendants under s 116 illustration (g)
of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Ed) for their failure to produce ABS Mohd as
a witness and for failing to provide **_any_** explanation for his absence. No
attempt was made by the defendants to answer the pertinent questions Phelan
had posed as to the whereabouts of ABS Mohd and what he was doing at the
material time.  
  
I am of the view that this is a case where only the defendants can explain how
the grounding came about (see s 108 of the Evidence Act) but the defendants
and their managers have not been forthcoming with the explanation. I am
therefore left to draw my own conclusions. The absence of ABS Mohd from court,
the inconsistent and incomprehensible testimony of Orlanda as to what he
did/did not do on 7 January 1996 from about 1333 hours onwards, leads me to
believe that there was a fight between ABS Mohd and Orlanda on the bridge that
afternoon. A brawl between them would explain Orlanda`s inability to explain
why he did not realise he was on the wrong course, why he did not see the
racon of Horsburgh Lighthouse on the 12-mile radius of the vessel`s radar, why
he did not even hear the GPS alarm and why ABS Mohd did not see the vessel
heading straight for the rocks of the South Ledge and/or alert Orlanda to the
same. There can be no other plausible explanation. I should add that, if not
for the fact that Orlanda`s incompetence had been specifically pleaded in the
plaintiffs` case and the defendants needed him as a witness to rebut the same
(albeit they failed), I doubt that the managers would have offered him
employment on the MSC Sarah in March 2000.  
  
Although it was denied by the master, I am certain he wanted to get rid of
Orlanda at Singapore because he knew what a poor second officer Orlanda was,
the hint so rankled Orlanda that he could remember it four (4) years later and
not other far more important matters touching on navigation. The master`s lack
of confidence in his second officer is reflected in the fact that he would not
allow Orlanda to alter course in coastal waters although in the same breath he
said it was not because he did not trust Orlanda; what else could it be? This
is revealing when contrasted with what the defendants` own expert Gregory said
- that the intended alteration of course from 081 to 049 was not a difficult
manoeuvre and should be within the capability of a second officer.  
  
An analogy to this case can be drawn from the facts of **The Farrandoc**
[1967] 2 Lloyd`s Rep 276 where the Canadian court found the shipowners had
failed to exercise due diligence in not checking that the second engineer was
inexperienced; hence, the vessel was unseaworthy for the voyage in question.
The plaintiffs had also cited **The Makedonia** [1962] 1 Lloyd`s Rep 316 where
the allegation of unseaworthiness against the vessel was, inter alia, grounded
on the carrier`s appointment of incompetent and/or inexperienced chief and
other engineers. Indeed, a parallel can be drawn between Gameng`s omissions
when Orlanda was interviewed and those which the court found against the port
captain when the latter hired the chief engineer. This is what Justice Hewson
had to say (at p 337):

> _In my view, the least that should be done is to ensure a careful inspection
> of the seaman`s book, to study the history of the applicant and to question
> him about it and the reasons why he left his former ships; if, for example,
> he appears to have sailed one voyage, one owner. The certificate ought to be
> sighted - the certificate might have been suspended. Inquiry should be made
> of previous owners and, if the report says `nothing against him`, to press
> for fuller information. I cannot imagine anything more damning than a report
> from a previous owner that he had `nothing against him`. If nothing
> confidential is forthcoming, the man should be interviewed until the
> interviewer is reasonably satisfied about him and, if he is not satisfied,
> he should reject him. Such important appointments to such responsible
> positions call for a proper interviewing and a proper inquiry. I am left
> completely unsatisfied that the necessary steps were taken and the necessary
> inquiries made to discover the record and competence of this chief
> engineer._

  
  
In their submissions, the defendants placed great emphasis on Oostra`s letter
to Dutch solicitors dated 5 August 1997 ([para ]42 supra) arguing that he had
clearly stated the grounding was caused by Orlanda`s negligence in navigation.
It seems to me the defendants have made a quantum leap in their argument as,
they have obviously overlooked the first sentence of Oostra`s letter where he
said `a second officer who is unable to perform a simple navigation task ...
is not qualified to act as a second officer`; the words suggest incompetence.
In any case, Oostra himself had testified he formed no opinion on Orlanda`s
capabilities or conduct. The defendants` reliance on Findlay`s report dated 26
March 1996 for the same argument is misconceived; Findlay had clearly stated
that his report was preliminary and in order to complete his investigations
and render a full report, he needed more information/documents. Equally, the
defendants` contention (para 53) in their submissions that the plaintiffs did
not put to their witnesses the case of incompetence of Orlanda smacks of
desperation on their part. I would have thought that was the whole tenor of
the cross-examination of Orlanda, Gameng and the master.  
  
As it is my finding that Orlanda was incompetent and that the defendants
failed to exercise due diligence in checking on his background, training and
qualifications, they are not entitled to claim the exception to liability
provided under art IV of the Hague Rules for damage to the plaintiffs` cargo,
resulting from the grounding.  
  
**WAS THE VESSEL SEAWORTHY UNDER ARTICLE III PARAGRAPH 1(A) OF THE HAGUE
RULES?**

  
  
Although my finding of incompetence against Orlanda suffices to hold the
defendants liable to the plaintiffs for breach of art III para 1(b), I shall
nevertheless proceed to make a finding under para 1(a) thereof, in view of the
substantial evidence adduced from the various experts on the vessel`s pre-
voyage condition.  
  
The plaintiffs` experts Findlay and Phelan had asserted that the vessel was
unseaworthy at the time she commenced her voyage because of severe corrosion,
particularly in her bulkheads. The defendants` expert (Finnie) held a contrary
view asserting that it was grooving corrosion, although he did concede there
was probably ordinary corrosion in the transverse bulkheads `tween decks,
which may not have been easily detectable. It bears remembering that Phelan
never saw the vessel, Findlay (with Oostra) saw her two (2) months after she
grounded, while Finnie saw her more than four (4) years later in April 2000.
In fact, the persons who were the first to inspect the vessel after she
grounded were Manetos and Low from the salvors. Manetos had resolutely refused
to accept that the vessel was in less than pristine condition, as reflected in
the photographs taken by Findlay and Oostra. There were therefore four (4)
witnesses of fact on the **_actual state_** of the vessel soon after her
grounding.  
  
Having reviewed the conflicting evidence from all the witnesses as well as the
various reports of class surveyors, I make the following findings. First, I do
not doubt that Manetos was/is a conscientious port captain (as reflected in
his correspondence with them) constantly exhorting masters of the vessel not
to let up on preventive maintenance of the vessel. However, I do not see
corresponding compliance by the various masters of the vessel with his
instructions; I suppose not all were/would be as diligent as Manetos. I
highlight as an example the pre-sailing requirement for masters to check the
condition of the cargo holds before commencement of a voyage. The master
professed he did check before the vessel left Immingham; I doubt he did as
there was no entry in the deck log to support his claim. It is all very well
for the defendants/the managers to have commendable rules and regulations for
maintenance and navigation of the vessel but, they would be futile if the crew
and masters only paid lip service to the same.  
  
I had in the course of proceedings pointed out to their counsel that the
defendants` documents relating to maintenance were not incorporated into the
agreed bundles; the documents were either in their own bundles or, exhibited
in Manetos`s affidavit, usually in the Greek language accompanied by free, not
official translations. Therein lay my difficulty - one, there is no certainty
that the translations accurately reflected the Greek texts and more
importantly, there were no independent documents to rebut the corroded
condition of the vessel, as shown in the photographs of Findlay and Oostra; no
corresponding photographs were taken by Manetos of the bulkheads; essentially
his photographs showed the exterior of the vessel. As the saying goes, a
picture is worth a thousand words; Findlay`s photographs showed heavy
discoloration due to rust and wasted plating. Even if it can be said that
Findlay is not an independent witness, I have no reason to disbelieve Oostra`s
testimony or Low`s, bearing in mind also Low was with Manetos when the latter
boarded the grounded vessel. I recall Oostra and Low said they had seen the
wasting/thinning of the vessel`s `tween deck bulkheads for holds Nos 3 and 4,
which resulted in seawater ingress and the necessity to install cement boxes
(when wooden wedges used to stem the leak worsened the condition), as well as
pumps to remove the seawater.  
  
The defendants had made much of the fact that Findlay did not photograph the
exact location where he saw the leaking bulkhead and that he had wrongly
identified the location of the main deck door. In their submission they
complained that their representatives were not invited to be present when he
removed the piece of plating which was later analysed by Atlantic Engineering
Ltd; they further submitted that the latter`s report was inadmissible as
evidence because the maker was not called. I find the defendants` complaint
frivolous; Findlay did not act surreptitiously but informed the salvors of
what he had done after the removal. I have ignored the analysis report because
of lack of proper proof but, I certainly took into account the fact that
Oostra had confirmed that he saw Findlay removing the corroded piece leaving
behind a circular hole. It is to be borne in mind that the vessel had been
drydocked just before she was delivered to the charterers. According to the
defendants, substantial cutting/replacement and cropping of rusted
parts/plates took place during that drydocking. If so, there should not have
been signs of such severe corrosion on the vessel, which went far beyond the
surface corrosion Manetos contended was usual of ships which traded
continuously. If the aforementioned work was indeed done to cargo holds Nos 3
and 4 by the Dutch shipyard as the defendants claimed, it was not properly
done and Manetos should have noted the omissions during his inspection after
the drydocking. I am not convinced that two (2) months of being stranded on
the rocks with the vessel listing 012 to port would result in the plating of
the vessel deteriorating to the extent captured in the photographs taken by
Findlay and Oostra, which Manetos was unable to rebut with his own
photographs.  
  
It is noteworthy that the defendants did not adduce any evidence to counter
the results of the ultrasonic thickness measurements carried out by Oostra and
Findlay on the bulkheads, which showed how thin the plating was (down to 0mm)
in some areas of the `tween deck. Finnie`s testimony that surveyors do not as
a rule, call for ultrasonic thickness tests unless they have reason to be
concerned, does not help to advance the defendants` case that there was no
ordinary corrosion on the vessel.  
  
I have ignored Phelan`s testimony on what he thought was the poor condition of
the vessel prior to the commencement of her voyage as he did not see the
vessel at all in the course of his investigations. However, that does not mean
that I will disregard his entire testimony; I find the defendants` criticisms
in that regard wholly unjustified. Of all the experts before me, Phelan`s
testimony was the most helpful and, his investigations were carried out most
painstakingly. I have also ignored Finnie`s views on the state of the vessel
since his visit was four (4) years after the event.  
  
I am also prepared to give the defendants the benefit of the doubt that not
**_all_** of the 12 tonnes **_of loose rust and dirt_** removed from the cargo
holds during dry-docking comprised of rust. However, taking into account the
calculations of Manetos of the amount of steel replacement and adjusting that
estimate to take into account Phelan`s views, I still come up with a figure of
at least 8-9 tonnes for rust, after making due allowance for the quantity
which could be sweepings, according to the master`s testimony. I am not
convinced Finnie`s suggestion of how hardened mud is removed from ballast
tanks/holds is the method practised by shipowners rather than the less tedious
option recommended by Phelan.  
  
I turn my attention next to some of the survey reports of the vessel. I refer
firstly to the survey done at Durban by Lloyd`s in April 1994 (report No DRB
400170). If indeed the surveyor carried out the comprehensive survey reported
therein, he could not have accomplished the feat within 48 hours; if he did
complete the job within 48 hours, it must mean that the survey done was very
superficial. Consequently, I am not prepared to accept the survey report at
its face value without the surveyor being called to testify. As for the on-
hire survey, I agree with Findlay and Phelan that it is of little assistance
as the surveyor did not have **_full_** access to the areas in the `tween deck
levels where corrosion was found, for whatever reasons. The special survey
carried out after the drydocking at Rotterdam is not helpful either as it
centred on the hull of the vessel, not the cargo holds.  
  
The defendants have not explained to my satisfaction the extent of corrosion
found on the vessel by Findlay, Oostra and Low and reflected in the salvors`
report (see para 36). Finnie`s evidence that the corrosion on board was
grooving, not ordinary corrosion was not only not substantiated but goes
against the weight of the evidence adduced; the same can be said of Manetos`s
claim that the vessel only suffered from surface corrosion. I am satisfied on
a balance of probabilities therefore, that the plaintiffs have proved that the
vessel was unseaworthy under art III para 1(a). It is my view that, had the
bulkhead between Nos 3 and 4 cargo holds been sound, the No 4 hold would not
have been flooded by seawater after the grounding, bearing in mind that holds
Nos 1 and 4 were not breached by the grounding, only holds Nos 2 and 3.  
  
As for the painting of the cargo holds and other parts of the vessel, the
claim of Manetos that he had arranged for the vessel to be painted during her
drydocking has not been proven by the invoice he produced from Sigmacoatings
BV; if indeed the cargo holds were painted, the wrong quality of paints may
well have been applied.  
  
The obligation on the defendants under art III para 2 of the Hague Rules is to
`properly and carefully load, handle, stow, keep, care for, and discharge the
goods carried`. As was rightly pointed out by the plaintiffs in their closing
submissions, this is a continuing obligation throughout the voyage and is not
restricted to the time when the voyage commenced, unlike the obligation under
art III para 1. The defendants breached this duty as the proximate cause of
the damage to the plaintiffs` cargo in holds Nos 1 and 4 was not a peril of
the sea (the grounding) but seawater ingress due to corroded and leaking
bulkheads. Had the bulkheads been intact and the portside door on the main
deck been watertight (as the plaintiffs contended) and not only weathertight
(as the defendants contended), the cargo stored in the Nos 1 and 4 holds
should have been preserved up to the time it was discharged. Common sense
dictates that the main deck portside door should not only be able to withstand
seawater/heavy rain but should also be able to prevent the ingress of any
water. Otherwise, any water ingress would continue into the cargo holds below.
I have ruled out Manetos`s claim that this particular door was opened at some
point in time during the salvage operation and not properly closed thereafter;
the evidence doe not support this possibility. Similarly, the defendants`
submission that seawater seepage into the cargo-holds could have been caused
by a leaky bilge pipe fracture is not proven, being purely based on Low`s
answer under cross-examination, that it was a `possibility`. The facts here
are a far cry from those in **The MV Kantang** [1971] 1 MLJ 183  which case
the defendants relied on.  
  
**_Expert testimony_**

****

  
  
Before I move on to the defendants` counterclaim, I have some observations to
make on the expert testimony, starting with the plaintiffs`. I do not
understand the defendants` criticism that Phelan was not a percipient witness.
Phelan was not and I did not regard him as, a witness of fact. He was an
expert who gave his views based on his sea-going experience; he made his
findings based on his own investigations which were thorough and well
documented. As for Sundberg, it was wrong of the defendants to compare him
with Gameng and say he similarly did not have navigational experience. The
defendants glossed over the fact that Sundberg has had 17 years` of experience
in Filipino crew recruitment and, he spent six (6) years at sea as an
engineer. Unlike the inexperienced Gameng who first interviewed Orlanda when
she was only 23 years of age and had never been to sea, Sundberg would know
the qualities and experience required before he hired officers; he was/is in a
position to express an opinion on PMI because he had actually visited the
institute, not once but twice over an interval of seven (7) years, and he
resides in the Philippines. Findlay was attacked by the defendants for his
mistake in identifying the location of the watertight door and unfairly
criticised for not approaching the Dutch shipyard for clarification on the
composition of the 12 tonnes of **_loose rust and dirt_** removed from the
holds. The Dutch shipyard, as with any shipyard, is unlikely to entertain
requests for information from complete strangers. The shiprepair bills were
the defendants` own documents. If, as they contended, the 12 tonnes of
**_loose rust and dirt_** meant dirt or sweepings or debris **_other than
rust_** , the burden was on the defendants, not the plaintiffs, to prove it.
Findlay`s evidence on the state of the vessel was an important consideration
in my findings. I assessed him to be an objective witness, despite the
defendants` contention to the contrary; his testimony was corroborated by the
salvors` report, Low`s evidence and Oostra`s. These two (2) latter persons had
no reasons to testify other than to the truth.  
  
Now for the defendants` experts. Earlier, I had commented on the shortcomings
in Gregory`s testimony. While I have no doubt he is qualified to give an
expert opinion, I found his report superficial and lacking in independent
analysis. I have reservations on Finnie`s high opinion of the state of the
vessel ([para ]172 supra), so too on his theory (which is how I regard it),
that the corrosion on the starboard side of the bulkhead was caused by the
stress from a load falling on the beam beneath the transverse bulkhead. Finnie
had, however, indicated that it was possible to have both grooving and
ordinary corrosion on one and the same bulkhead, or an isolated spot of
corrosion. I am sceptical of his comment that a proper visual inspection
before the vessel sailed may not have detected the corrosion which showed up
so clearly in the photographs taken by Findlay and Oostra; a person would have
to be blind to miss it.  
  
**_Counterclaim_**

****

  
  
The defendants` counterclaim for general average loss and salvage expenses was
disputed by the plaintiffs. In the light of my findings, I agree with the
plaintiffs that the defendants are not entitled to their counterclaim. The
rule to found a claim for general average requires that property was
sacrificed or money expended in order to avert a danger which was common to
the adventure (see **_The Law in Singapore on Carriage of Goods by Sea_** by
Tan Lee Meng at p 558). Here, I had found that the defendants did not act with
due diligence in making the vessel cargo-worthy and in their appointment of
Orlanda as second officer. It is even arguable that the vessel`s equipment was
faulty (the echo-sounder). Since they cannot rely on the excepted perils under
art IV of the Hague Rules, the defendants cannot claim general average for an
actionable wrong.  
  
Accordingly, there will be interlocutory judgment for the plaintiffs on their
claim, with costs on a standard basis. The registrar is directed to assess the
plaintiffs` claim with the costs of such assessment to be reserved to the
registrar. The defendants` counterclaim is dismissed with costs. The Lloyd`s
Average Bonds/Guarantees furnished by the plaintiffs/their underwriters shall
be returned by the defendants together with whatever security for costs
previously given by the former.  
  
**Outcome:**

Claim allowed; counterclaim dismissed.  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 May 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

