Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## B v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 290

Case Number | : | MA No 155 of 2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 December 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ismail Hamid (Ismail Hamid & Co) for the appellant; David Chew Siong Tai (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : | —  
  
Evidence – Weight of evidence – Reliability of evidence of child witness  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Corroboration – Sexual offences – Whether previous
complaints amount to corroboration – Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) s 159  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Corroboration – Uncorroborated evidence of child
witness – Whether safe to convict without corroboration  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

This was an appeal against conviction. The appellant, B, faced two charges
under s 354 of the Penal Code (Cap 224) for using criminal force to outrage
the modesty of his three-year old daughter, N. The first charge alleged that
he molested her on 13 June 2001 in the playground near their flat, by touching
her private parts with his finger. The second charge alleged that he molested
her on 14 June 2001 on board a bus, again by touching her private parts with
his finger. The punishment prescribed under s 354 is either a term of
imprisonment that may extend to two years, or caning, or a fine, or with any
two of such punishments. The appellant was found guilty on both charges by the
district judge, who sentenced him to 15 months’ imprisonment per charge. Both
sentences were ordered to run consecutively making it a total term of 30
months’ imprisonment. No caning was imposed as he was over 50 years old.

**

Background Facts

**

2 The appellant married Mdm Chin in December 1987. They have three children –
J aged 13, K aged 9 and N aged 3. The appellant worked as a sales manager in a
company. At the time of the trial, Mdm Chin was seeking a divorce from the
appellant. She worked as a domestic helper.

3 Sometime in May 2001, the appellant left the family home in Bukit Panjang
temporarily to live in a refuge centre at Waterloo Street. According to the
appellant, he left the family home for two main reasons. First, because he was
suicidal and wanted to commit suicide together with his children and secondly,
because the illegal moneylenders, from whom he had taken loans, were pressing
him for repayment.

4 He returned to the family home for the first time on 12 June 2001.

5 Sometime during the late afternoon on 13 June 2001, N told her mother that
the appellant had touched her private parts, while she was on the "swing" in
the playground downstairs. Her mother did not take her comment seriously as
there were no swings in the playground that N was referring to. Mdm Chin also
presumed that, even if the appellant had indeed touched N’s private parts, it
would have been done accidentally.

6 On 14 June 2001, Mdm Chin was working. When she telephoned home from her
workplace to check on her children, J informed her that the appellant had
taken N out. Mdm Chin then told J to telephone the appellant and ask him to
return home. J gave evidence that he called the appellant on his mobile phone
and relayed the message to him. The appellant eventually returned home with N
at around 1 p.m. J gave evidence that he noticed that N’s eyes "were red".

7 J also testified that he overheard his mother asking N if her father had
touched her. N stated that he had and that he touched her on her "backside".
According to J, N also pointed to her "left side" and touched her left
buttock.

8 Mdm Chin gave evidence that as she was bathing N that night, N began to
scream with pain, when she aimed the shower head at N’s private parts. Mdm
Chin asked her if she had hurt herself or fallen down, to which the child
responded, "No, must be Daddy touch and hurt me". N maintained this response
even after being repeatedly questioned by Mdm Chin. When Mdm Chin examined N’s
private parts more closely, she was shocked to discover that the left side of
N’s vagina was a ‘bloody red colour’. Mdm Chin then asked N again whether she
was certain that the injury was caused by her father. N replied in the
affirmative. Mdm Chin testified that she was very upset to discover what her
husband had done and was in tears.

9 When the appellant returned home at around 11 pm that night, Mdm Chin
confronted him with what N had said. Mdm Chin testified that the appellant’s
first reaction was to look at N and question her: "N, how can you say that?
Daddy loves you so much". According to Mdm Chin, N "looked scared, shook her
head" and ran to stand by Mdm Chin’s side. Mdm Chin then reassured her and
asked N to confirm whether the appellant had touched her. N nodded in reply
and said, "yes, Daddy touch". Mdm Chin immediately pointed out to the
appellant that the accusation did not come from her, but directly from N. Upon
hearing this, the appellant walked up to Mdm Chin and challenged her to make a
police report, claiming that a lie-detector test would prove his innocence.

10 The appellant left home the following day. Mdm Chin did not go to the
police station, nor did she bring N to see a doctor. This was because she
claimed to have been still in a state of shock and confusion, even after
consulting her sister as to what she should do.

11 On 25 June 2001, Mdm Chin telephoned her social worker to speak about the
pressure that the appellant’s brother was putting on her to sell the family
flat in order to repay the appellant’s debts. During the course of the
conversation, she informed the social worker about N’s vaginal pain and her
revelation that they were caused by the appellant touching her. Pursuant to
her social worker’s instructions, Mdm Chin brought N for a medical examination
that same day.

12 The medical examination revealed a tear in N’s hymen. According to Dr June
Tan, a Registrar of the Department of General Obstetrics & Gynaecology at the
KK Women’s and Children's Hospital, who examined N, the tear was beyond a week
old. The cause of the tear was due to penetration of the vagina by a tubular
object such as a finger, pen or pencil. It was also unlikely that a lot of
force was used. She was also of the opinion that it was not possible for the
tear to have been caused by the child performing a "split" with one leg
stretched out in front and the other behind. This was because anatomically,
the vagina was situated beyond the hip joints. It was also "highly unlikely"
for the tear to have been caused through exercise unless there was a "history
of severe trauma" to the vaginal area.

13 A police report was made by the hospital on that very day. On 25 June 2001
Mdm Chin and her three children also moved out of the family flat to stay with
Mdm Chin’s sister in Bedok.

14 During cross-examination, Mdm Chin testified that she had spanked N’s hand
on previous occasions when N had put her hand in her pyjamas and pulled at her
panties. However, she denied that she had ever caned the child for putting her
fingers into her own vagina.

**

The prosecution’s case

**

15 The prosecution’s main evidence against the appellant, was the testimony of
N who was four years old at the time of the trial. N gave evidence of the two
incidents of molest. In relation to the first alleged incident, she stated
that her "daddy" brought her to the playground near their home during "morning
time" one day. She stated that her father touched her "private parts" with his
fingers. It was painful. She later told her mother about the incident. As for
the second alleged incident, she gave evidence that her father touched her
vagina when she was sitting on her father’s lap, facing him in a bus. It was
painful when her father touched her vagina. She told her mother about this
incident as well.

16 During cross-examination, N denied touching herself "where she pass urine".

17 According to the prosecution, N’s evidence relating to the two incidents of
molest were corroborated by the evidence of Mdm Chin, who testified that N had
told her about the two incidents, as well as the medical evidence.

**

The defence

**

18 The appellant’s defence was one of total denial. As regards the first
incident, the appellant denied bringing N to the playground but only to the
void deck where there was a considerable amount of human traffic. He also gave
evidence that J went down to the void deck together with them. J then left to
buy breakfast. After J bought breakfast, all three of them returned home
together.

19 As regards the second incident, the appellant testified that he brought N
out that morning with the intention of going to the Shell petrol station in
Jalan Jurong Kechil so that he could exchange his Shell reward points for some
toys. J and A did not accompany them as they were playing a board game at
home. In order to get to the petrol station, the appellant and N had to take a
feeder bus to Bukit Panjang Interchange where they then boarded bus number
970. On both legs of the journey, N sat on his lap facing him and fell asleep
on his shoulder. When they arrived at the petrol station, the appellant
discovered that there were no toys available for redemption. He therefore
promised to get N a toy at the bus interchange. In the meantime, he received a
telephone call on his mobile phone from J, who informed him of Mdm Chin’s
request to bring N home. He then took bus number 970 back to the bus
interchange. N woke up from her slumber when she arrived at the bus
interchange. According to the appellant, N became tearful when his promise to
buy a toy at the bus interchange did not materialise. As a result, she sat
next to the appellant on the feeder bus, and was grumbling for the duration of
the journey back home. In his defence, the appellant maintained that their
sitting positions on the bus and the distance between the seats made it
physically impossible for him to have inserted his finger into N’s vagina. He
also stressed that the many passengers on board the bus would have made it
difficult for him to commit the alleged offence.

**

The decision below

**

20 The trial judge who bore in mind the test applicable to the evidence of
child witnesses, found N’s evidence in relation to the two alleged instances
of molest to be coherent and consistent insofar as the material aspects were
concerned. She also found that the medical evidence negated any suggestion
that the intrusion into N’s vagina arose from a pure fantasy on N’s part. She
was of the opinion that given N’s age, her intellectual development and her
grasp of English, the areas of "apparent confusion" in her evidence were not
fatal to the prosecution’s case as they had not detracted from the cogency of
N’s evidence in relation to the two incidents.

21 By contrast, the trial judge found the appellant to be "glib and cunning".
She disbelieved his evidence which she found to have been carefully tailored
to meet the prosecution’s case.

22 Having assessed the evidence before her, she was satisfied that the
prosecution had proven the two charges against the appellant beyond reasonable
doubt and convicted the appellant accordingly.

**

The appeal

**

23 The main ground of appeal was that trial judge had erred in finding that
the prosecution had proven its case beyond all reasonable doubt. Given that
this case essentially involved a bare allegation of sexual abuse by a child
complainant against a bare denial by her father, the appellant’s main point of
contention was that the trial judge had erred in convicting the appellant on
the uncorroborated evidence of N. In this connection, the appellant submitted
that the trial judge was wrong in accepting the medical evidence and Mdm
Chin’s testimony as corroborative of N’s allegation. He further submitted that
the trial judge had failed to appreciate that N’s evidence was not reliable as
the areas of "apparent confusion" in N’s evidence, which the trial judge had
alluded to in her written grounds, were material and had diminished the
prosecution’s case.

_**

The law

**_

24 The current legal position vis--vis the evidence of child witnesses and
complaints of sexual abuse is that, while corroboration is no longer
essential, the trial judge must still remain sensitive to the requirement of
corroborative evidence when convicting the accused. Where the only evidence
before a court is a bare allegation against a bare denial, the court should
bear in mind that it would be dangerous to convict on the uncorroborated
testimony of a complainant of sexual abuse unless her evidence is so reliable
or unusually compelling: _Tan Kin Seng v PP_[1997] 1 SLR 46 _, Soh Yang Tick v
PP_[1998] 2 SLR 42. As I have previously explained in _Teo Keng Pong v
PP_[1996] 3 SLR 329, there is nothing magical about the words "unusually
compelling" which is really another way of stating that the witness testimony
was so convincing that the prosecution’s case was proven beyond reasonable
doubt, solely on the basis of that evidence.

25 In the situation where the complainant of sexual abuse is a child, the
manner in which the court should treat the evidence of the child witness is no
different from that accorded to the evidence of an adult witness. In other
words, the court can only convict the accused on the uncorroborated testimony
of the child complainant if the court is satisfied that the child’s evidence
is so reliable or unusually compelling : see _Lee Kwang Peng v PP_ [1997] 2
SLR 278.

26 In determining the reliability of the evidence in question and hence the
corresponding weight to be accorded to it, the court should always assess the
evidence in the light of all the circumstances of each case as well as the
accumulated knowledge of human behaviour and common sense. Consequently, where
the assessment of the overall reliability of the evidence of a child witness
is concerned, it is prudent for the court to be mindful that children,
depending on their level of intellectual maturity, may occasionally confuse
fantasy with reality.

_**

Whether there was any corroborative evidence

**_

27 It is well-established that in order for supporting evidence to carry
weight in cases of child witnesses or complainants in sexual offences, an
essential ingredient is that of independence: _Soh Yang Tick v PP_[1998] 2 SLR
42. As such, although a previous complaint by a victim of sexual abuse to
another person would technically qualify as corroboration under s 159 of the
Evidence Act (Cap 97), as a recent complaint, it was held in _Khoo Kwoon Hain
v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 676 that these are not corroboration by _independent_
evidence as the complaints originated from the complainant and would be
equally self-serving as a s 159 corroboration of the accused’s denial.

28 Turning to the facts of the present case, I noted that Mdm Chin’s
observation that N’s vagina was a "bloody red colour" as well as the medical
evidence of a tear in N’s hymen were only relevant in establishing the fact
that N had sustained injuries to her vagina. They were certainly not
corroborative of N’s allegation that the injuries were caused by the
appellant. In fact, the only evidence available in court as to how N may have
sustained the injuries in question was N’s testimony that her father had
"touched" her "private part" on two separate occasions. As such, I was unable
to accept the prosecution’s submission that N’s evidence relating to the two
incidents of molest was corroborated by the evidence of Mdm Chin. This was
because Mdm Chin’s testimony as to how N had sustained the injuries was
nothing more than a repetition of N’s previous complaints to her.

29 Nevertheless, I was of the firm opinion that, in light of all the
circumstances of the case, N’s evidence as a whole, was so reliable that the
requirement of independent corroborative evidence could be safely dispensed
with.

_**

The reliability of N’s evidence

**_

30 In assessing the overall reliability of N’s evidence, I took into account
the appellant’s suggestion that N could have sustained the injuries while
"playing with her private parts" and had implicated her father because she was
afraid of the punishment that her mother would have meted out when Mdm Chin
found out about the state of N’s vagina. I found this suggestion to be
incredible, considering that there was no evidence before the court that N had
inserted her fingers into her vagina. Furthermore, common sense dictated that,
even if N had a tendency, not just to pull at her panties, but to touch her
private parts, a child would have discontinued doing so the moment pain was
felt. It was certainly unlikely that a three-year old child would have been so
forceful in touching her private parts as to result in her own vagina turning
a "bloody red colour". I also found it implausible for a child of such a
tender age to possess the capacity to concoct a story implicating her father
in order to escape punishment from her mother.

31 In fact, the trial judge who had the opportunity to observe the demeanour
of N, also found that the consistency in her evidence did not arise from some
"self-serving instinct or calculated plot". Furthermore, as aptly pointed out
by the trial judge, N had informed Mdm Chin about the appellant touching her
in the playground even before Mdm Chin had questioned her about the redness
and pain in her vaginal area. The spontaneous manner in which N had related
the incident to Mdm Chin on 13 June 2001 clearly demolished the appellant’s
defence. In light of N’s age and family circumstances, the trial judge even
took into consideration the possibility that N may have been coached in her
story. However, she found no evidence to that effect and noted that the
defence did not venture to suggest any coaching.

32 Having discounted the possibility that the injuries were self-inflicted or
that her allegations were motivated by some ulterior motive, the next
consideration was the extent to which the reliability of N’s evidence was
affected by the inconsistencies that were highlighted by the appellant.

33 Some examples of these inconsistencies included how N had initially stated
that she was "sitting" when she was molested, however when she was referred to
the photographs of the playground, she stated that the appellant molested her
while she was "hanging" from the "monkey-bars". Further, N was asked during
her examination-in-chief whether there was "anyone else" in the playground,
she replied that there were "two people". Subsequently in cross-examination,
she testified that that apart from "me and Daddy" there was no-one else in the
playground. The appellant also stressed that N’s evidence that her father had
touched her private part on the bus was materially inconsistent with the
evidence of J who testified that he overheard N telling Mdm Chin that the
appellant had touched her "backside" and that he saw N indicating her left
"buttock".

34 In my judgment, these inconsistencies did not undermine N’s testimony in a
material way. This was because they were largely inconsequential, and
therefore had little bearing on the crucial aspects of the case or could be
satisfactorily explained. Taking the discrepancy between the evidence of N and
J as an example, it was perfectly conceivable for the appellant, who admitted
to holding N in a hugging motion with both arms around her back while on the
bus, to have slipped his fingers into N’s panties to touch her vagina while
still holding on to her left buttock with his hand. In any event, I noted that
the trial judge had exercised great care in the treatment of the evidence and
was satisfied with her finding that N, in spite of her age and the areas of
apparent confusion, was a reliable witness insofar as her evidence related to
the two incidents of molest.

_**

Whether the appellant’s defence was credible

**_

35 By contrast, the trial judge was of the opinion that the appellant’s
defence was riddled with inconsistencies that put his credibility as a witness
into question. This was a finding of fact which I found to be fully supported
by the evidence before me.

36 The most blatant example of the appellant’s inconsistent stand was how he
had claimed throughout his evidence-in-chief and cross-examination that N was
sitting on his lap. However, it was only after the prosecution’s case had been
put to him that he suddenly claimed to recall during his re-examination that N
was sitting "more on [his] stomach" as he was wearing a waist-pouch. This
claim was, no doubt, intended to buttress his defence that their position on
the bus and the distance between the seats made it physically impossible for
him to have inserted his finger into N’s vagina. Given the nature of the
appellant’s defence of physical impossibility and his claim to have done his
own measurements aboard a similar bus a total of five times, I found it
unbelievable that the appellant could have failed to recall that N had sat on
his stomach instead of his lap because he was wearing a waist pouch at the
time. This was particularly since N’s sitting position was a crucial aspect of
his defence.

37 The appellant also omitted to mention that N was crying until he was
confronted with J’s evidence that N’s eyes were red when the appellant
returned home with her on 14 June 2001. He then stated that N had been crying
at the interchange because he had failed to keep his promise to buy her a toy.
His explanation for not mentioning it earlier during his examination-in-chief
when he was giving evidence on what occurred at the interchange was because
"her crying was not crying at all… more of a tantrum throwing". When asked to
explain what he meant by "crying was not crying", he said that it was "not her
normal crying". It was only when the court asked him to clarify whether he
meant that she was just shouting and stamping her feet that he conceded that
there were tears. Furthermore, his evidence that J and A were playing a board
game when he brought N to the petrol station was also in stark contrast with
the evidence of J. According to J, he was mopping the floor at the material
time when the appellant insisted on taking N out in spite of his attempt to
dissuade his father from so doing because N was sick. As there was no reason
for J to lie, nor was it put to J that he was mistaken in his recollection, I
fully agreed with the trial judge that this discrepancy was an attempt on the
appellant’s part to present the outing in an innocuous light.

38 In the circumstances, I had no qualms about rejecting the evidence of the
appellant, which was wholly lacking in credibility.

**

Conclusion

**

39 Based on the reasons set out above, I found the district judge to be
justified in convicting the appellant on both charges of molest. Accordingly,
I dismissed his appeal and affirmed his sentence of a total term of 30 months’
imprisonment.

_

Appeal dismissed.

_

Sgd:

**YONG PUNG HOW**

Chief Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Dec 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

