Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Rusli bin Sembayang  
[2002] SGHC 311

Case Number | : | CC 55/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 December 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christopher Ong, Leong Kwang Ian and Magdalene Koh Ian (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the prosecution; Amolat Singh (Amolat & Partners) and Lim Swee Tee (AC) (Lim Swee Tee & Co) (both assigned) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Rusli bin Sembayang   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1 Rusli Bin Sembayang, a 44-year-old Singaporean was charged and tried before
me for an offence that on or about 11 April 2002 at about 1.20am at Block 125
Hougang Avenue 1, #07-1476, Singapore, did traffic in a controlled drug by
having in his possession for the purposes of trafficking 1,100.2g of cannabis,
an offence which attracted the death penalty.

2 An ancillary charge of trafficking in 959.31g of cannabis resin was stood
down pending the outcome of the trial.

3 The prosecution led evidence from 31 witnesses by way of conditioned
statements as well as oral testimony. Additionally, the prosecution also
admitted in evidence seven statements made by the accused after his arrest as
being made voluntarily, without any threat, inducement, promise or oppression.

4 The prosecution’s evidence insofar as was material, was as follows.

5 Following a lead obtained by the Central Narcotics Bureau (CNB), Insp
Sivaraman Letchumanan (Insp Sivaraman) (PS-23/PW-21) arrived at the flat of
the accused at Block 125 Hougang Avenue 1, #07-1476, Singapore. When the
officers, after identifying themselves, demanded entry into the flat, the
accused who briefly emerged from the master bedroom of his flat, simply
withdrew into the room after apologising to them.

6 After observing the accused’s reluctance, Insp Sivaraman called for
housebreaking tools from the officers keeping watch at the ground level and
surroundings of the flat. Insp Sivaraman, also in the meantime, alerted his
team of officers to keep a lookout for anybody attempting to scale down the
block of flats. Sgt Daniel Gan Wei Teck (Sgt Gan) (PW-23/PS-25), one of the
officers on duty in the event, exited the police vehicle he was in to have a
better view of the rear of the block of flats.

7 He then spotted a person (later identified as the accused) climbing down the
rear of the apartment block and running towards where he was standing. When
Sgt Gan shouted: ‘CNB, don’t run’, the accused immediately took to his heels
and fled in the opposite direction. Sgt Gan who was required to take care of
one other person arrested earlier and kept in the police vehicle, alerted Insp
Sivaraman who in turn instructed in motion a team of officers to trail the
accused with a view to apprehending him.

8 The accused was next spotted by Sgt Chong Yit Ming (Sgt Chong) (PW-26/PS-27)
boarding a taxi in front of Block 114 Hougang Avenue 1. He was promptly
trailed by Sgt Chong and Sgt Justin Fong (Sgt Fong) (PW-25/PS-26) in a police
vehicle all the way to Geylang Serai. Another team of officers was in tow in
the meantime.

9 At Geylang Serai, after a chase and some resistance from the accused, he was
finally arrested.

10 Insp Sivaraman who was at the scene when the accused was arrested
recognised him as the person who had declined to open the door when the CNB
officers were at the entrance of the flat #07-1476 at Block 125 Hougang Avenue
1.

11 Mdm Tan Ai Tiang, a resident of Block 125 Hougang Avenue 1, #06-1476 (the
flat situated directly beneath the flat of the accused) testified that she was
awakened shortly after midnight on 11 April 2002 by someone shaking the window
panes of her bedroom, saying: ‘Open the window’. Mdm Tan who was petrified
screamed. As a result, the person outside started descending to the level
below. Mdm Tan at once made a call to the police telling them that she had
seen a spiderman climbing down the wall just outside her window grill.

12 As a result of the telephone call from Mdm Tan, a number of police officers
arrived at the scene. They were informed that a CNB operation was in progress
and someone was seen climbing down the rear of the apartment block and had
fled from the area.

13 Sgt Lim Swee Hua (PW-16/PS-18) testified that she found a white plastic bag
(exh P-126) in the drain at the rear of the block. Inside the plastic bag (exh
P-126) was a block of brown slab (exh P-127) and a broken blue paper cutter
(exh P-128). Sgt Lim Swee Hua was joined by W/Cpl Cheng Hsiao Leng
(PW-20/PS-20) and W/Sgt Jasylin Low (PW-28/PS-29). All three searched the area
immediately behind the block of flats where the accused was earlier seen
landing. In the result, more drugs lying nearby were recovered. These included
three slabs of cannabis (exhs P-132 to P-134) and a square packet wrapped in
silver paper (exh P-130).

14 After the collation of the drugs, Insp Sivaraman showed the contents of one
plastic bag (exh P-126) to the accused and asked him whether they belonged to
him. The accused remained quiet. Subsequently, the raiding party took the
accused to his flat. Entry was obtained to the flat after the accused provided
the combination number to unlock the padlock securing the gate. Upon entry,
the party of officers found some loose fragments of cannabis on the mattress
as well as on other areas inside the flat.

15 Inside the master bedroom, Insp Sivaraman interviewed the accused. Later at
about 3.35am that morning (11 April 2002), a statement was recorded from the
accused by Insp Sivaraman. The said statement was admitted in evidence without
any objection from the defence and on the basis that it was given by the
accused voluntarily, without any threat, inducement or promise. Insofar as is
material, the said statement contains the following questions by Insp
Sivaraman and the answers given by the accused:

> > Q1: What is that? (Recorder points to the cannabis blocks)
>>

>> A1: Ganjah.

>>

>> Q2: Who (sic) does the Ganjah belong to?

>>

>> A2: One of my friends, Ahmed.

>>

>> Q3: When did Ahmed bring the Ganjah to your house?

>>

>> A3: About 5 to 6 days ago.

>>

>> Q4: Why did Ahmed bring the drugs to your house.

>>

>> A4: I don’t know. Just put here.

16 Investigating Officer, ASP Omer Ali Saifudeen (PW-31) (‘ASP Omer’)
(PW-31/SPS-33) arrived at the scene at about 4.35am that day and assumed
responsibility for the investigation. Shortly thereafter at about 6.00am that
morning, the accused was taken to the CNB office at Clementi and later to the
CNB Headquarters.

17 The drugs recovered following the fleeing and the arrest of the accused
(P-102, P-127, P-130, P-132 to P134 and P-97) were analysed by Dr Lee Tong
Kooi of the Health Science Authority. The result which was not in dispute
showed that the seized substance contained a total of 1,100.2g of cannabis.

18 Several statements were recorded from the accused on various dates by the
Investigating Officer from at the Police Cantonment Complex and Queenstown
Remand Prison with the assistance of a Malay Interpreter Sofia Bte Sufri.
Their admissibility was not challenged by the defence. After being satisfied
that all the statements recorded from the accused were made voluntarily
without any threat, inducement, promise or any form of oppression, six
statements (exhs P-84, P-85, P-87, P-88, P-89 and P-90) were admitted in
evidence and the following are some of the highlights.

> > **A _Exhibit P-84 – Statement recorded on 16 April 2002 between 1920 hours
> and 2330 hours (pages 197 to 203 of the preliminary inquiry records):_**
>>

>>> Actually Ahamd (sic) was with me on the day the CNB officers raided the
Blk 125, Hougang unit. I am surprised the CNB officers did not see him
climbing down. He climbed down the unit first.

>>

>>> …

>>>

>>> 6\. Ahmad trusted me with his drugs in the unit and he knew that I would
not allow any stealing to happen. Thus he was comfortable with me handling his
drugs. I did help him pack, cut and weigh the cannabis slabs that I later
threw down the window when the CNB officers raided the unit. The cannabis
slabs were in a blue canvas bag. I do not know where the blue bag was before I
threw the drugs in it out. I think it was near the bed. I just threw them out
all at once. I threw it out as I panicked and threw out whatever I could find.
Ahmad brought the cannabis to me about 2 days prior to the raid. Only Ahmad
and I know where it is hidden.

>>>

>>> 7\. When I was climbing down the master bedroom window, I tried to let the
Chinese lady on the 6th floor to let me in. She was very shocked when she saw
me scaling down the flat. Ahmad scaled down first. There is absolutely no way
the CNB officers could not have seen Ahmad scaling down. When I reached the
bottom floor, one of the CNB officers shouted, "STOP CNB!!!". I did not bother
to look, I kept on running towards the NKF building at Blk 114. I knew
officers were chasing me, but I did not turn around. I ran for about 5 to 10
minutes. At lorong Ah-Soo, I hailed a taxi. I cannot remember what type of
taxi. I told the taxi driver to take me to Geylang Serai. We travelled Jln
Eunos and stopped at the Blk 2 Geylang Serai market. I ran through the market
and crossed Sims Avenue. One Chinese CNB officer managed to catch up to me at
the drain near the market. He just verbally told me to stop, while waving his
night-stick. I told him, that I wanted to just run. So I rammed through him
and he fell into the drain. There was no struggle. As I ran into the block of
flats across the road, I do not know what strange force compelled me to turn
back and run back to the officers. I believe it is something paranormal. The
officers managed to pin me down at the green dustbin near the taxi stand along
Sims Ave. …

>>>

>>> 8\. I remember the short Indian officer who seemed to be in-charge asking
me questions and writing them down. I admitted that the cannabis found below
was mine but I was not in a proper frame of mind.

>>>

>>> …

>>>

>>> 14\. I helped him pack the cannabis slabs but not all the time. Only
rarely. Around 2 or 3 times only. I helped him weigh it also. He did not give
me any money for my services.

>>>

>>> 15\. I own about 3 handphones. The Handphone that was thrown down belongs
to me. I also threw the blue penknife. (Recorders note: photo with broken blue
penknife shown to accused) I had used this penknife to cut the cannabis slabs.
I do not know why I picked only these two items to throw. I suppose I was
panicking.

>>>

>>> …

>>>

>>> 17\. The 2 digital scales are used by me to weigh cannabis.

>>>

>>> …

>>>

>>> 19\. Ahmad is a childhood friend from Geylang. I do not know Ahmad’s
Handphone. He is about a year or two younger than me, short, dark skinned,
short hair and of slim built. He was visiting me from the time I moved into
block 125 Hougang. He does not leave any of his belongings or clothing there.
I do not have anything to show he exists. I do not know his family. I do not
have any photos of him. I do not know where he works or what he does. I only
remember renewing my contact with him 2 weeks ago. He sells both heroin and
cannabis. I have never sold cannabis before.

>>>

>>> 20\. From childhood till now, I do not know anything else about Ahamd
(sic). I am not able to give the particulars of any real existing person who
knows Ahmad. He used to stay at Geylang at Jln Bayam a long time ago.

>>>

>>> 21\. Nobody has access to this house when I am not around.

>>

>> **B _Exhibit P-85 – Statement recorded on 17 April 2002 between 2023 hours
and 2330 hours (pages 204 to 210 of the preliminary inquiry records):_**

>>

>>> 22\. … On the day of the raid, I knew something was wrong when I saw so
many Chinese in front of my door. Then I went back to my master bedroom where
Ahmad was. Then he asked me who they were. I told him that I think they were
CNB officers. So Ahmad said ‘come lah, we run away from the window.’ 2 to 3
minutes after they knocked on the door Ahmad started climbing down the window.
When the CNB officers came, they knocked on the door and I think they said
CNB. When they first arrived, I was in the master bedroom. They I went to the
hall and saw them. I said I was scared in English to them when I saw them. My
master bedroom door was open when the CNB officers came down for the raid.
Then I stepped out and turned towards the hall and stepped one step into the
hall. Then I turned back and managed to quickly go back in the room, as the
door was still open. The main door was already opened when I stepped into the
hall. When they saw me in the hall they kept on shouting and asked me to open
the gate. I wish to say that you cannot see anybody in the master bedroom from
the main door. The reason the CNB officers may not have seen Ahmad from the
door is probably because he was trying to escape. The gap is so small how can
the CNB officers see what is in the room?

>>>

>>> 23 The other 3 persons who visit my house also know Ahmad. I do not know
the phone numbers of all 3 persons. I also do not know their full names. I am
not sure where they all stay. They are all using private numbers so I do not
know their number when they call me. They all knew about Ahmad’s and my drugs
in the house. They buy drugs from both of us. Ahmad sells them cannabis.

>>>

>>> …

>>>

>>> 25\. If Ibrahim had come that day and if he had come into the house, he
would have seen the cannabis slabs. He would have been able to see the
cannabis slabs as they were not concealed. They were inside the blue bag and
the blue bag was in plain view. So the cannabis can be seen as even though the
flap of the blue bag was covering, there was a gap to see all the slabs.
(Recorder’s note: I asked him if he was telling the truth or was actually
trying to find out if the questions will implicate him and that he is actually
fabricating the answer to suit the question. He answered: ) "Yes." (Recorder’s
note: I told the accused that I would be writing this down, to this he
answered: ) "I am saying this to you but do not wish to put this in the
statement."

>>>

>>> 26\. (Recorder’s note: I then asked him why he let his house to be used
for all this drug activity. To this he answered: ) I was stupid to have done
so.

>>>

>>> …

>>>

>>> 28\. … I have so many handphones as some of my clients use it as a form of
barter trade. I think I have 4 handphones in the house. The Ericson T 68 is
somewhere in my master bedroom. The next handphone is the grey Motorola on the
TV. The third one is a something like a V6 metallic Motorola. It is on the TV
also. The fourth one is a dark blue Samsung. That one is inside my drawer
where my Pentium 3 laptop was. I cannot remember the handphone number for all
of them. I took whatever handphone on the TV to throw. I don’t know why I
threw that particular handphone only. I wish to say that I threw that hand
phone because of the contact numbers inside. My customers and suppliers
numbers are inside. The suppliers for Ahmad are inside. No actually I wish to
say, that it is my suppliers numbers who are in there. … What I actually mean
now is that Ahmad’s number is inside there. Maybe. That handphone belongs to
me.

>>>

>>> 29 The number that comes from Ahmad is always a private number. He always
contacts me. I have no way of contacting him. … He comes down every 2 to 3
days.

>>>

>>> …

>>>

>>> 31\. … I used to cut the cannabis slabs. The yellow cutter is also used by
me to cut the cannabis slabs. … My fingerprints will also appear on the … and
cannabis sachet found with the …

>>

>> **C** _**Exhibit P-87 – Statement recorded on 23 April 2002 between 10.52
hours and 1132hours (page 213 of the preliminary inquiry records)**_

>>

>>> 43\. My eyesight is ok. (Recorder’s note: Photo: 2K02.02409 shown) The
blue bag in the photo is where I kept the cannabis slabs. (Recorder’s note:
Photo: 2K02.02416 shown) These are the weighing scales that I used to weigh
the cannabis slabs and the cutter that I used to cut the cannabis slabs.

>>

>> **D** _**Exhibit P-88 – Statement recorded on 25 April 2002 between 1710
hours and 1810 hours (pages 214 to 216 of the preliminary inquiry records)**_

>>

>>> 48\. I don’t know which direction he could have fled. As he was climbing
down, I was looking around to see what I could throw down. In about 5 minutes,
from the time the raid started, he had already climbed down and fled. I did
not look down as I threw the cannabis slabs from the blue bag down. I only
noticed that he was gone when I reached the bottom of the flat and saw that he
was not there. I just wanted to escape, so I did not care about the cannabis
that was thrown by me. I think that Ahmad also wanted to escape badly so that
was why he did not pick up the cannabis slabs that were thrown down. Ahmad had
already fled by the time I disposed of the cannabis.

>>>

>>> 49\. All the cannabis slabs … in the house belong to Ahmad and my role
does not go beyond simply helping to pack, weigh and store them only. I put
the cannabis in the blue bag next to my bed as that was no special reason
other that (sic) the fact that I felt that it was suitable place to keep it.

>>>

>>> 50\. … A sachet of cannabis cost about $10/-. Ahmad told me to sell for
this price …

>>

>> **E** _**Exhibit P-89 – Statement recorded on 22 May 2002 between 0910
hours and 1010 hours (pages 217 to 218 of the preliminary inquiry records):**_

>>

>>> 53\. (Recorder’s note: The photocopies of the scrapes of paper which I had
labeled as ‘paper’ and ‘100g’ was shown to the accused and he was questioned
on its contents) With regards to the first page in the paperpoint notebook, I
wish to say that I only helped Ahmad to keep accounts of his drugs and keep
track of the drug money transaction. ‘Green’ is talking about the cannabis
found in the house …

>>>

>>> 55\. (Recorder’s note: He is now shown the photocopy of the paper labelled
‘100g’). The first line at the front of the paper is talking about a cannabis
sale of 100 grams is $400/-. After Ahmad made the sale I took down the
transaction for his record keeping and he passed the money to me for
safekeeping. I have to give the money back to him. … The next line means 200
grams of cannabis for $660/-. Tool means cash. I don’t know what 1050 settle
means. I can’t remember. I am now shown the back of the paper. The first line
means something like 2 grams of ICE for $200/-. The dates in the paper are
just the dates of transaction. The second line means UYA borrowed money from
me $10, $20, $35.

>>>

>>> …

>>

>> **F _Statement recorded on 24 May 2002 between 0919 hours and 1040 hours
(pages 219 to 220 of the preliminary inquiry records)_**

>>

>>> 61\. Ahmad was trying to use me to sell … and Cannabis in the house. … So
I just helped him by keeping drug accounts, packing and weighing his cannabis
…

19 In his statements, the accused admitted that all the cannabis found at the
back of Block 125 Hougang Avenue 1 and seized by the team of enforcement
officers were thrown by him. He identified the substance as _ganjah_. He also
admitted that he helped his friend Ahmad to pack, cut and weigh the cannabis
slabs. He further admitted to being involved in the sale of cannabis and was
able to state the price at which the substance was to be sold.

_**

Close of prosecution case

**_

20 At the close of the prosecution’s case, defence counsel did not make any
submissions. Having regard to the evidence presented by the prosecution, I
found that there was a case which, if unrebutted, would warrant the conviction
of the accused. The courses available to the accused were explained to him. In
the event, the accused elected to give evidence on oath. His evidence in
defence insofar as is material is as follows.

_**

The defence case

**_

21 The accused is now 44 years of age. He is single and at the time of his
arrest was unemployed. His educational attainments did not reach beyond
secondary two. Since his mother’s demise in October 2001, the accused has been
living alone at the HDB flat at Blk 125 Hougang Avenue 1, #07-1476. Just
before his arrest on 11 April 2002, he had a number of friends including Acit,
Joe, Ibrahim, Roy and Ahmad visiting him at this flat on a regular basis to
watch television and to play computer games. He let his friends freely into
his house and they could enter the flat by themselves as they were given the
number to the combination lock at the iron gate. The wooden door was usually
unlocked and it could be opened from outside.

22 On 10 April 2002, Joe, Roy, Ahmad and Acit were with the accused before the
CNB raided the flat. Acit came to the house at about 4.00pm, and Joe came
about an hour later. They then watched television and smoked heroin in one of
the bedrooms.

23 At about 8pm, Roy came to the flat followed by Ahmad about half an hour
later. Both Roy and Ahmad had with them a haversack each. That evening they
smoked heroin again and also consumed some Ice after that.

24 At about 10.00pm or so, a salesman came to the flat attempting to sell the
accused an alarm system. He was there for about half an hour and the accused
ordered an alarm from him to be installed the following day. His friends
remained, in the meantime, quietly in the second bedroom.

25 After the salesman had left, the accused returned to the other bedroom. Joe
told everyone that the alarm salesman was not a salesman at all as he did not
visit other neighbouring units for sale. He surmised that the salesman was
either a CNB officer or an informer. The accused then told everyone to leave
the flat. Everyone, except Ahmad, left immediately. Only Ahmad stayed behind
as he wanted to depart from the unit together with the accused.

26 The accused said that Joe told him that he (Joe) would telephone the
accused should there be any CNB officers in or around the block of flats.

27 The accused switched off all the lights except for the one in the bathroom.
He presently took a shower while Ahmad, who was still carrying his haversack
with him, waited. After the shower, as he was about to switch off his laptop
computer, some CNB officers arrived and started banging on his door, calling
out his name.

28 At first, the accused remained in the master bedroom. When the CNB officers
kept knocking at his door, the accused went into the living room of the unit.
He saw so many people at the door and was convinced that they were police
officers. He said sorry to them and immediately returned to the master
bedroom. He was in a state of panic. Ahmad had by this time climbed out of the
flat and half his body was out of the window. Ahmad, who had his haversack
with him, urged the accused to follow him and escape through the window.

29 The accused was in shock. For a while, he sat on his bed to reflect. At
this point in time, he happened to glance at the blue bag in his room. This
blue bag which was usually empty had this time a plastic bag inside. The blue
bag was found unzipped and fully open. He looked into the white plastic bag
and saw a few slabs of cannabis and a block inside. He concluded that Ahmad
had off-loaded these cannabis in his flat before climbing out of the window.
The accused then took the white plastic bag and threw it out of the window
with all its contents. He looked out and seeing Ahmad scaling down he also
decided to follow suit.

30 The accused added that it was the first time he saw so much _ganjah_ in his
house. He knew for sure that they belonged to Ahmad because Ahmad was a known
_ganjah_ trafficker and on two occasions Ahmad had brought to his flat a small
slabs of _ganjah_ for him to cut and loosen up. But the accused had never seen
or known that Ahmad with so much _ganjah_ in his possession.

31 After throwing two of his handphones out of the window, he looked down the
window again. Ahmad had gone by this time. He then scaled down the flat. At
the sixth storey, he tried to get the lady occupant to let him in. Instead of
helping him, she kept screaming and so he scaled all the way down the block.

32 As he reached the ground floor, he paused for a moment to decide which
direction to proceed. He then heard someone from the car park shouting to him
to stop. He immediately started running and managed to get a taxi to take him
to Geylang Serai. The CNB officers trailed him and arrested him at Geylang
Serai.

33 The accused admitted that he gave the statements tendered by the
prosecution in evidence, voluntarily. However, he attempted to retract some
parts of the said statement claiming that the investigation officer had
included some details on his own. He also said that he had misunderstood the
recording officer in relation to some material aspects concerning the
ownership of the drugs.

34 In fact, the accused endeavoured to retract most of the incriminating
segments of his statements. As it would be too long to go through each and
every segment of his retractions, I shall refer only to the most important
ones. As regards his statement (exh P-84) made on 16 April 2002, he denied
that he told the recording officer (see para 6 at page 198 of the preliminary
inquiry records) that he helped Ahmad to pack and weigh the cannabis. He added
that when he was giving the statement he was only referring to one small slab
and not others. He also said that he did not make the second sentence in para
8 of P-84 (page 200 of the PI records) which reads: ‘I admitted that the
cannabis found below was mine …’.

35 Similarly, he also retracted para 49 of his statement made on 25 April 2002
(exh P-88) where he had said that he helped to pack, weigh and store the
cannabis.

36 As regards para 53 of his statement (exh P-89) made on 22 May 2002 (page
217 of the preliminary inquiry records), he alleged that he told the
investigating officer whatever the officer wanted him to say. He claimed that
he did not know what was meant by the term ‘transaction’, appearing in the
sentence: ‘I wish to say that I only helped Ahmad to keep accounts of his
drugs and keep track of the drug money transaction.’ In relation to the
opening sentence in para 61 of his statement (exh P-90) made on 24 May 2002,
he denied telling the investigating officer that: ‘Ahmad was trying to use me
to sell … cannabis … So I helped him by keeping drug accounts, packing and
weighing the cannabis.’

37 In sum, his evidence was that the drugs were not his, they belonged to
Ahmad, he became aware of the seized drugs only moments before he had thrown
them out of the window and consequently he had no intention to traffic in the
drugs under reference.

38 It must be stated at this juncture that the following aspects, (as stated
by defence counsel in his submission) were never in dispute.

> > (a) The accused threw the cannabis out of his flat through the window;
>>

>> (b) The drugs were in his master bedroom in a white plastic bag which in
turn was housed in a blue bag;

>>

>> (c) The accused scaled down the flat through the window at the rear of
Block 125;

>>

>> (d) He ran off and took a taxi to Geylang Serai; and

>>

>> (e) There he was arrested.

_**

Arguments, issues and conclusion

**_

39 The prosecution’s submission was that the accused was the only person in
the flat at the time of the raid and that he was in possession and had full
knowledge of the drugs mentioned in the charge. It was the prosecution’s
further contention that the accused was in possession of the said drugs for
the purposes of trafficking having regard to the quantity of the drugs seized.
In this, the prosecution relied on the accused’s statements where he had
admitted that he had cut, weighed and packed the drugs. Further, the
prosecution also relied on the provisions of s 17 of the MDA which states that
any person who is proved to have had in his possession more than 15 grams of
cannabis, is presumed to have had that drug in his possession for the purposes
of trafficking unless it is proved that his possession of that drug was not
for that purpose.

40 The first main issue in this case was whether the accused was proved to
have had in his possession the drugs mentioned in the charge. The second main
issue was whether such possession was for the purpose of trafficking. In
regard to the first main issue, there was no denial by the accused that the
said drugs were in his flat. The only disclaimer by him was that they did not
belong to him but to Ahmad whose particulars and whereabouts he could not
satisfactorily provide either to the investigating officer or to the court. He
said that once the CNB officers were at the entrance of his flat demanding
entry, Ahmad scooted through the window after which he too made his exit.

41 The issue then turned to the existence as well as the presence of Ahmad in
his flat at the material time.

42 Defence counsel, after submitting that the court should accept the evidence
of the accused on the involvement of Ahmad and his presence in the flat at the
material time, urged the court to discount the evidence of Sgt Gan, who
claimed that he was on the lookout for persons escaping through the rear of
Block 125 Hougang Avenue 1 and that he did not see anyone else other than the
accused climbing down the rear wall of the block of flats. Although in my
opinion, Sgt Gan’s evidence left a lot to be desired, my conclusion having
regard to the evidence of all the prosecution witnesses, was that the presence
of Ahmad in the flat at the material time was made up by the accused. If
indeed Ahmad was present on that day, the accused would have mentioned this at
the very first opportunity when he gave his first statement (exh P-77) on 11
April 2002. In fact what he said in that statement claiming that Ahmad brought
the _ganjah_ five or six days ago did not seem to cohere with his current
claim that Ahmad brought the drugs only on 11 April 2002.

43 When questioned why he did not mention that Ahmad had also escaped through
the window on that day, his only explanation was that it did not occur to him
at that time to narrate Ahmad’s escape and that no officer had ever asked him
where Ahmad was (pages 714 and 715 of the NE). In fact, it was not until 16
April 2002 (exh P-84) the accused seemed to have mentioned the alleged escape
of this Ahmad.

44 In my determination, the accused’s inability to provide the address,
contact number as well as whereabouts of this so-called Ahmad, an alleged
childhood friend known to him over 25 years, most certainly threw cold water
on his claim concerning the presence and escape of Ahmad from the flat at the
relevant time. There was also a glaring inconsistency between the evidence of
the accused in court and his statements about Ahmad. In court, the accused
claimed that he had regular contact with Ahmad after mid-2001 as Ahmad started
visiting his flat frequently. However, in para 19 of P-84 (statement by the
accused on 16 April 2002), he had said: ‘I only remember renewing my contract
with him two weeks ago.’

45 In my finding, the accused’s accounts as to the existence as well as the
presence of Ahmad at his flat were entirely unconvincing. The defence of the
accused that the drugs belonged to someone else and not to him was, in my
determination, a complete fabrication.

46 The accused attempted to retract and disown many a passage from his
statements. The passages disowned were all incriminating in nature. In my
view, the retractions were pure afterthoughts and after review of all the
evidence and having regard to the manner in which he testified, I was
satisfied that the said statements were indeed made by him voluntarily and
they reflected the actuality of the events save for the fabrication concerning
the presence of Ahmad in the flat at the material time and his claim that the
drugs were brought to his flat by Ahmad without his knowledge and concurrence.

47 In _**Yap Sow Keong v Public Prosecutor**_ (1947) 13 MLJ 90, the Court of
Appeal laid down the principle that even if a confession has been retracted by
an accused, the accused may be convicted on the strength of it alone, so long
as the court is satisfied that it is true. In my finding, the retracted parts
told a consistent story that the accused was dealing with drugs knowingly for
the purpose of trafficking. His admission at para 8 of exh P-84 (statement
made on 16 April 2002 at page 200 of the PI records) that the ‘cannabis found
below was _mine_ …’ (emphasis added) was a convincing piece of evidence to
justify the conclusion that the accused was in possession of the drugs and
that he knew its nature.

48 Dealing with the second issue whether the accused was in possession of the
drugs for the purpose of trafficking, it must be observed at this stage that
quite apart from the applicability of the provision of s 17 of the MDA which
had not been rebutted by any acceptable evidence by the accused, there was
compelling evidence that the drugs were indeed for trafficking by the accused.
The accused’s reference to weighing, packing and cutting led me to only one
conclusion that he was and has been a trafficker in the drugs he was in
possession of. His notes of the price of the drugs, drug sales transactions
and his code word ‘green’ for cannabis (see para 53 of exh P-89, statement of
22 May 2002 at page 217 of the PI records), all went to reinforce my view that
he was a trafficker in full bloom. At any rate, the quantity of the drugs
seized led me to conclude that they were indeed for trafficking.

49 Having considered all the evidence, I was satisfied that the prosecution
had amply discharged its ultimate burden in proving the charge against the
accused beyond a reasonable doubt and that the accused had not, on balance of
probabilities, rebutted the operative presumptions under s 17 of the MDA nor
had he established his defence. Consequently I found him guilty, convicted him
of the charge and sentenced him to the only sentence prescribed by law.

50 Following his conviction, leave was granted to the prosecution to withdraw
the charge stood down and pursuant to s 177 of the CPC, the accused was
granted a discharge amounting to an acquittal in relation to the said charge.

_

Order accordingly

_

Sgd:

MPH RUBIN

Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Dec 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

