Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mohd Sharif bin Ibrahim v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGCA 7

Case Number | : | Cr App 18/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 February 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; L P Thean JA; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  James Bahadur Masih and Gurcharanjit Singh (James Masih & Co) for the appellant; Han Ming Kuang (Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Mohd Sharif bin Ibrahim — Public Prosecutor   
  
**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. This was an appeal against a decision of the High Court convicting the
appellant of a capital charge of having in his possession 98.71 grams of
diamorphine for the purpose of trafficking. We heard the appeal on 19 November
2001 and dismissed it. We now give our reasons. **

  
The facts

**

2\. The evidence adduced by the prosecution established the following facts.
On 11 October 2000, at about 6.10pm, the appellant and his girlfriend, one
Siti Rohaza (Siti), were seen leaving the flat at 251 Tampines Street 21,
#04-454 (the flat). The flat belonged to an uncle (Mohamed Salleh Bin Masaram)
and aunt of the appellant. They walked through the Tampines MRT station and
the Tampines Bus Interchange to reach a Singapore Turf Club booth located at
Blk 512 Tampines Central. Having completed their business there, they walked
to Tampines Mall (the Mall) where they met a Malay couple (established to be
one Emran bin Tahir and his wife Suriani). At the Mall, the four of them then
entered the "Americaya" shoe store where the appellant made a purchase.
Thereafter the appellant and Siti parted company with the Malay couple and
returned to Blk 251. It was then about 7.40pm.

3\. While the appellant went up to the flat, carrying the shopping bag
containing the pair of shoes, Siti remained downstairs at the playground. Two
minutes later, the appellant came down from the flat. He walked across to the
void deck of the adjacent Blk 250 where he met one Mohamed Idris Bin Sanip
(Idris). After a short conversation where the appellant passed some heroin to
Idris, the appellant returned to where Siti was. Both were then arrested by
CNB officers. At about that time, Idris was also arrested in the vicinity of
Blk 250.

4\. A S$10 note and an envelope containing S$650 were found in the right
pocket of the appellant’s trousers. An aluminium foil containing loose heroin
and another aluminium foil containing a straw of heroin were found in the left
pocket of his trousers.

5\. Later, at about 8.20pm, with the use of a key from the bunch seized from
the appellant, the CNB officers entered the flat. In the presence of the
appellant, a black briefcase, which was in the room occupied by the appellant,
was forced open and found to contain the following items:-

(i) 2 packets and 8 sachets of what was later established to be 987.47 grams
(gross weight) of heroin.

(ii) 3 empty brown envelopes with handwriting on 2 of them.

(iii) 2 digital scales, and

(iv) a marker pen.

In the wardrobe of the room, a sachet of heroin and some empty plastic sachets
in a plastic container were also found.

6\. The drugs found in the black briefcase, which was the subject of the
charge against the appellant, were analysed to contain a net weight of not
less than 98.71 grams of diamorphine.

7\. Upon being questioned by Inspector Herman Bin Hamli (Insp Herman) as to
whom the drugs found in the room belonged to, the appellant replied that they
were his. The relevant questions and answers were as follows:-

"Insp Herman: The drugs in the room belong to who?

B1: Mine.

Insp Herman: What type of drugs?

B1: Heroin.

Insp Herman: What is the heroin for?

B1: All is for smoking.

Insp Herman: Whose weighing scale?

B1: Mine."

8\. These questions and answers were recorded by Insp Herman in his pocket
book. According to Insp Herman, the appellant declined to correct the answers
recorded or sign on the pocket book.

9\. At 1.00am on 12 October 2000, an instant urine test was also conducted on
the appellant and Siti at the CNB headquarters. Both were tested positive for
opiates.

10\. Emran and his wife Suriani, together with Emran’s nephew, one Ruziani Bin
Ajis, were subsequently arrested. Siti was charged together with the appellant
and the other three were charged shortly thereafter. However, Siti, Emran,
Suriani and Ruziani were later given a discharge not amounting to an
acquittal.

11\. A number of statements were recorded from the appellant. Four long
statements (exhibits 32, 33, 34 and 35), recorded over three days, were
admitted into evidence after he confirmed that they were voluntarily made. The
statements incriminated the appellant directly and substantially. We cite
below portions of exhibit P32 to show the sort of admission he made:-

On 11 October 2000 at about 5.00pm, plus I met a male Chinese known to me as
Ah Chai at the void deck of Blk 240 plus, Tampines Street 21. This Blk is near
an overhead bridge. I collected from him a plastic bag containing a shoe box.
Inside this shoe box there were two plastic packets of heroin. After
collecting the plastic bag, I proceeded to the ground floor lift landing and
removed the two plastic packets from the shoe box and transferred them into a
black briefcase.

.

.

I left the place and walked back to my uncle’s house at Blk 251, Tampines
Street 21.

.

.

I arrived at my uncle’s house before 6.00pm. It was only a few minutes walk.
When I arrived, the house was locked. Using the house key which was in my
possession, I opened the iron gate and then the main door. I looked around and
there was no one in the house. I know that at this hour, my uncle and auntie
would be at work. I entered the first room and placed the black briefcase near
a big bag in front of the bed.

The eight sachets of heroin inside a brown envelope in my briefcase was the
balance of 9 sachets of heroin which I had earlier placed inside the
briefcase. I placed the other sachet of heroin inside a plastic container on a
shelf of my wardrobe in the bedroom.

The two weighing scales that was found inside my black briefcase was given to
me by Ah Chai on 11 October when I collected the two plastic packets of heroin
from him. I had asked him to give me these weighing scales because I need them
to weigh the heroin before converting into sachets. That was how it came to be
inside my briefcase.

**

  
Defence

**

12\. In essence, what the appellant asserted at the trial was that the facts
set out in the four long statements were not true. He claimed that he
fabricated those things to protect his uncle and aunt who owned the flat.
While the appellant did not deny occupying the room where the briefcase was
found, he claimed that the briefcase was only given to him by Emran on the
morning of the day of the arrest. Emran wanted to leave it with him for
safekeeping as he was under surveillance by the Police. He denied knowledge
that the briefcase contained drugs as he was told by Emran that the briefcase
contained pornographic VCDs. The appellant also said that Emran gave him a sum
of $650 for his expenses, as Emran knew the appellant was unemployed.

13\. The trial judge, having carefully weighed the evidence tendered by the
prosecution and the defence raised by the appellant, concluded that the
appellant was guilty of the charge. The facts alluded to in the four long
statements (which voluntariness was not in issue), as well as the oral
statement recorded by Insp Herman in this pocket book, showed quite clearly
that the appellant was a heroin trafficker as well as a heroin addict. He had,
on the day of his arrest, even delivered heroin to Idris.

14\. The trial judge also found that even if the appellant’s defence, that the
briefcase belonged to Emran, was to be believed, given the circumstances and
his relationship with Emran, the appellant could not reasonably say that he
did not know and had no reason to suspect that the briefcase contained drugs;
all the more so when the appellant said that Emran left the briefcase with him
for safekeeping as Emran was under police surveillance. The trial judge also
noted that the appellant had failed to call Emran to substantiate his
assertion.

**

  
Grounds of appeal

**

15\. There was, in the main, only one ground upon which the appellant sought
to have the verdict of the court below overturned, and this was very much the
same ground he canvassed before the judge below. He said that although he had
physical possession of the briefcase, he did not know that the briefcase
contained drugs as the briefcase belonged to Emran who only left it with him
for safekeeping on the day of his arrest. He did not open the briefcase as it
was locked by a combination lock and he did not know the number combination.
In this regard, he said that the trial judge failed to give sufficient
consideration to his evidence that what was set out in the four long
statements was a fabrication. He further contended that the trial judge also
erred in accepting Insp Herman’s evidence that he gave the oral statement
which was recorded by Insp Herman in his pocket book, and in failing to draw
an adverse inference against the prosecution for not calling Emran to testify.

**

  
Presumption

**

16\. In the present case, to prove the charge against the appellant the
prosecution had relied upon the presumption in s 17 of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(MDA) which provides that a person who "is proved to have had in his
possession more than … 2 grammes of diamorphine … shall be presumed to have
had that drug in possession for the purpose of trafficking." In order that
this presumption could be invoked, the prosecution must prove that the
appellant was in possession of the drugs: _Low Kok Wai v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 676.

17\. However, it is settled law that physical control per se is not sufficient
to prove "possession" within the meaning of the Act: e.g., _Tan Ah Tee v PP_
[1978-1979] SLR 211 and _Sim Teck Ho v PP_ [2000] 4 SLR 39. There must be
_mens rea_ , namely, knowledge on the part of the accused of the thing itself,
namely, the drugs, though not the name nor the nature of the drugs. Only where
possession of the drugs is so proved would the presumption in s 17 be
triggered: _Low Kok Wai v PP (supra)_ and _Sharom bin Ahmad v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR
565.

18\. Here, the appellant did not deny that he was in physical control of the
briefcase which contained the drugs. On the element of _mens rea_ , the
prosecution relied largely on the four long statements of the appellant and
the statement recorded by Insp Herman in his pocket book. In 11 above, we have
cited passages from P32. The passages clearly showed that he knew the
briefcase contained heroin and that he intended to traffic in them.

**

  
Fabrications

**

19\. We now turn to examine the appellant’s main ground for this appeal,
namely, that what were set out in his four long statements were fabrications,
created by him in order to protect his uncle and aunt, in whose flat he was
staying. He was afraid that he might place their flat in jeopardy if he did
not admit to the charge.

20\. We must first point out that there was no suggestion that any threat or
promise was made to induce the appellant to make the four statements. Upon
being asked, in cross-examination, to mark out the parts in the four
statements which were true and those which were fabricated, he eventually told
the court that P32, P33 and P34 were entirely fabricated and in respect of
P35, about 60% was fabricated. It would appear that the position taken by the
appellant was that anything which was incriminating of the appellant was
fabricated. This claim of fabrication was not accepted by the trial judge who
found that:-

"the incontrovertible facts based on evidence of the prosecution as well as
the evidence in chief of the accused are that the accused was a heroin
trafficker having delivered heroin to Mohd Idris shortly before his
(appellant’s) arrest on 11 October 2000. He also had heroin in his possession,
on his person as well as in his cupboard."

21\. We reviewed the evidence relating to this aspect of the matter. We noted
that the interpreter, Ms Sofia bte Sufri (Sofia), who was present at the
recording of all four statements, told the court under cross-examination that
the appellant was very forthcoming with his answers and did not require any
prompting. It was as though he was relating a story. She also testified that
he did not show signs of being frightened whilst giving the statements and
that no one had pressurised him or induced him into making the same. As we saw
it, the evidence of Sofia was significant. More likely than not, anyone who
was making up a story out of fear, would have moments of hesitation as he went
about creating it.

22\. If it were true that the appellant fabricated the statements to protect
his uncle and aunt, why then did he not even once mention in any of the four
statements that his uncle and aunt had nothing to do with the drugs? He was
concerned of the uncle and aunt being charged for drugs and of the risk of the
lease of the flat being forfeited by HDB. His explanation that he did not do
so because what was "paramount on his mind" was saving his uncle and aunt,
was, to say the least, puzzling. It was beyond belief for the appellant to say
that his uncle and aunt were "paramount" in his mind, and yet he did not even
once say that the drugs had nothing to do with them. It did not make sense.
Again, in none of the statements did the appellant mention Emran or the role
the latter played. If protecting his uncle and aunt was foremost in his mind,
then surely the most natural thing to do would have been to place the blame
squarely on the true culprit. Why should the appellant take the blame for a
capital charge? What he had done was completely ridiculous. In our judgment,
his omission to mention his uncle and aunt, and the role which Emran played,
underscored all the more that his evidence in court was a "fabrication", an
afterthought, and that what he stated in the four statements was the truth. We
could not agree more with the trial judge on this.

23\. It is settled law that the retraction of an accused’s confession will
only go towards the weight to be accorded to the confession and it does not
prevent the confession from being relied upon to convict the accused: see
_Ismail bin UK Abdul Rahman_ [1974] 2 MLJ 180 and _Panya Marimontree v PP_
[1995] 2 SLR 341. In the light of our views above concerning the alleged
‘fabrication’, we did not see how it could be argued that the weight to be
accorded to his four statements should in any way be diminished.

**

  
The statement given to Insp Herman

**

24\. The appellant denied he made the statement to Insp Herman which was
recorded in the form of questions and answers. On these answers, the appellant
said that when he read what was recorded, he found that the contents were
different from what he had uttered. That was the reason he did not sign on the
pocket book. While the appellant could not recall what he said to Insp Herman,
this much he could: he remembered having told Insp Herman that only the drugs
found in the cupboard belonged to him. As regards the other drugs, he
remembered telling him that "the rest of the drugs don’t belong to me."

25\. In view of the fact that the appellant did not sign against the answers
recorded in the pocket book, and had at the trial denied he gave those answers
(other than the answer relating to the drugs found in the wardrobe), it then
became a question of fact whether he was asked and did give the answers which
was attributed to him. The trial judge, having heard the evidence, came to the
following conclusion:-

"The incontrovertible evidence is that an interview did take place in which
Insp Herman questioned the accused. I have not been persuaded by the accused
that Insp Herman’s account was wrong or inaccurate."

26\. Quite clearly, the trial judge accepted the evidence of Insp Herman, that
the questions were asked and the answers were given by the appellant, and that
the recording was accurate. There was no basis for us, an appellate tribunal,
to disturb this finding of fact, based as it were on oral evidence given by
witnesses in court.

**

  
Was the defence obliged to call Emran as its witness

**

27\. The final argument raised by the defence counsel was that the trial judge
erred in law and in fact when he ruled, upon the defence being called, that
the appellant ought to have called Emran to support his defence and that this
failure on the part of the appellant should be taken against the appellant.
The appellant further submitted that if any adverse inference were to be
drawn, it should have been drawn against the prosecution because the latter
ought to have called Emran to rebut the appellant’s assertion.

28\. At this juncture it would be helpful to see what precisely the trial
judge said on this aspect –

"Emran was offered to the defence but was not called. The question is, was the
defence obliged to call Emran to corroborate the accused, or, was the
prosecution obliged to call Emran as a rebuttal witness? I accept that there
is no obligation on either party to call Emran, but the failure of the defence
to do so in the present circumstances reduces the value of the claims made by
the accused, especially those that attributed the briefcase and drugs to
Emran. It is true that on the face of it, an assertion by the accused
invariably invites rebuttal, but it is not an invitation that must be taken
up. At this stage of the trial, the burden is on the accused to raise a
reasonable doubt. If there is any adverse inference to be drawn, on the facts
and circumstances of this case, it would have to be drawn against the failure
by the defence to call Emran as a witness. It would be wrong to draw an
adverse inference against the prosecution as Emran’s testimony was never part
of its case. It is obvious that the approach most favourable to the accused is
to draw no inference whatsoever, but there is no sound or rational basis for
that in this case. The obvious inference that I must draw is that Emran was
unlikely to corroborate the accused, but is not difficult to appreciate why –
if he saves the accused he condemns himself. In these circumstances, I regard
the drawing of the said inference to be of much lower value than it otherwise
might have, and hence, I have merely taken the failure of the accused to call
Emran as another point to be weighed in the pot of evidence against him."

29\. In our opinion, the trial judge was correct in the approach he took. The
law is well settled that a court will not draw an adverse inference against
the prosecution for not having called a witness, where the prosecution has
sufficiently proven its case by other independent evidence. All it needs to
prove are the elements of the charge: see _Chua Keem Long v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR
510 and _Satli bin Masot v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 663. The prosecution has a
discretion whether or not to call a particular witness, provided the
discretion is exercised in good faith and the witness whom the prosecution
does not propose to call (if available) is offered to the defence: _Lim Young
Sien v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 257. In the present case, Emran (who was brought to
court) was offered to the defence at the close of the prosecution’s case.
Thus, no adverse inference could conceivably be drawn against the prosecution
for not calling him.

30\. Indeed, it was the appellant who claimed in his testimony in court that
Emran passed him the briefcase, with the contents, on the morning of the day
of his arrest. This was a bare assertion. The court was certainly entitled, in
its deliberation, to take this fact into account to determine if the appellant
had raised a reasonable doubt in the prosecution’s case. That was what the
court did.

**

  
Conclusion

**

31\. At the end of the day, the central issue was whether the appellant knew
what was in the black briefcase. On this, the finding of the trial judge was
explicit:-

"In this regard, I do not accept the evidence of the accused that he did not
know what was in the black briefcase. On his own evidence, the briefcase was
handed to him by his friend Emran together with a seemingly gratuitous
largesse of $650 on the morning of the day he (the accused) was directed by
Emran to deliver heroin to Mohd Idris. And even on his own account, the
briefcase contained illegal material. His girlfriend Siti and himself were
also heroin consumers. In these circumstances, I do not believe the accused
that he did not know what was in the briefcase."

32\. In the light of this finding, which was amply justified, the conviction
of the appellant on the charge must follow as both the elements of _actus
reus_ , "physical act of control" of the drugs, and _mens rea,_ knowledge of
what was in the briefcase, had been proven. Accordingly, the presumption in s
17 of the MDA applied. The appellant had not rebutted the presumption by
showing that his possession of the drugs was not for the purpose of
trafficking. He could not even answer how much drugs he consumed.

33\. In the premises, we upheld the conviction recorded by the court below.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW  
CHIEF JUSTICE

Sgd:

L P THEAN  
JUDGE OF APPEAL

Sgd:

CHAO HICK TIN  
JUDGE OF APPEAL

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Feb 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

