Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Agus Irawan v Toh Tech Chye and Others  
[2002] SGHC 49

Case Number | : | Suit 600868/2001, SIC 602624/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 March 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Angelina Hing (Engelin The Practice LLC) for the plaintiff; Thio Ying Ying and Andrew Lim Kwee Huat (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the first and second defendants; Cavinder Bull and Siraj Omar (Drew and Napier LLC) for the company/third defendant   
Parties | : |  Agus Irawan — Toh Tech Chye   
  
Companies – Members – Rights – Derivative actions – Plaintiff seeking leave to
bring derivative action in company's name against directors for breach of
fiduciary duties – Plaintiff claiming company entitled to certain rebates –
Whether prima facie in interests of company that action be brought – Whether
plaintiff shown prima facie case that company entitled to rebates –
Requirement of 'good faith' – Whether burden on applicant to prove good faith
– Whether plaintiff acting in good faith – s 216A Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994
Ed)  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. This is an application by the plaintiff for leave to commence a derivative
action in the name of the third defendant company against the first and second
defendants. The plaintiff as well as the first and second defendants were at
the material times, directors of the third defendant. The thrust of the
plaintiff's application is founded on breach of fiduciary duties of directors.
The subject matter were payments made in 1997 and 1998 by the Australian Wheat
Board (later renamed and reconstituted as the Australian Wheat Board Limited)
by way of rebates known as "volume rebates" for the purchase of wheat by the
third defendant from them. Nothing significant turns on the change of name of
the Australian body so it may conveniently be referred to as the Australian
Wheat Board. The plaintiff claims that the third defendant company, as the
customer of the Australian Wheat Board, was the rightful party entitled to
these rebates but it never received them because the Australian Wheat Board
gave the rebates to various other parties on the instructions of the first
defendant and one Tom Goh, a manager of the third defendant. The third
defendant was not a party when the plaintiff took out this application.
Counsel for the company asked for leave to make submissions on behalf of the
company. Leave was refused since the company was not a party to the
proceedings. Consequently, an application was made and the company became the
third defendant in these proceedings.

2\. Mr. Lim appearing on behalf of the first and second defendants oppose the
plaintiff’s application on two grounds. First, he says that the third
defendant was not entitled to the rebates; and secondly, that the application
must fail because the plaintiff himself consented to the rebates being paid to
some external parties, and thus he has not acted in good faith when he brought
the present proceedings before the court. Mr. Bull, on behalf of the third
defendant, made a similar submission in opposing this application. In support
of their respective positions, the parties filed numerous and lengthy
affidavits. Notwithstanding that, Mr. Lim sought leave to file some more
affidavits to refute "serious and wrongful assertions of facts" by the
plaintiff. He also submitted that cross-examination of some deponents would be
necessary for the court to determine who speaks the truth. I shall address
these points shortly, but first, it will be helpful to lay down some relevant
details.

3\. The plaintiff was a major shareholder of the third defendant and was one
of its directors until his removal in August 2000, the reason for which he
claims, was to prevent him from making further inquiry into the rebate
payments in question. He is presently a 40% shareholder of the third
defendant. The first defendant now holds 20% of the shares and a company
called Intermilling Hong Kong Limited holds the remaining 40% shares and whose
interests are being represented by the second defendant on the board of
directors of the third defendant. The plaintiff avers that the third defendant
began purchasing wheat from the Australian Wheat Board in 1997 and it was only
in late December 1999 that he discovered that rebates were paid to customers
and that the third defendant enjoyed rebates of US$1.75 per metric tonne in
1997 and US$2.25 per metric tonne in 1998. However, he learnt from James
Dewan, the regional marketing manager of the Australian Wheat Board, that the
rebates amounting to US$950,000 were paid to third party bank accounts (one of
which was said to be in Hong Kong) on the instructions of the first defendant.
Consequently, in June 2000, the plaintiff through his solicitors demanded to
inspect the third defendant's accounts. Instead, he was removed as a director
on 11 August 2000 and was denied access to the accounts.

4\. The first and second defendants initially denied that the third defendant
was entitled to any rebate from the Australian Wheat Board. They also deposed
that the company purchased wheat for an Indonesian entity known as BULOG (an
acronym for _Banda Urusan Logistik_) and that if any rebate was given it would
have been rightfully given to BULOG. On my direction, parties obtained the
evidence from the Australian Wheat Board. It wrote a letter dated 8 November
2001 to the plaintiff stating that Citra Flour Mill was its customer from 1997
to 1999. The Australian Wheat Board also stated in its 8 November letter that
it paid rebates to whichever account as may be instructed by the first
defendant or Tom Goh. It also said that the Australian Wheat Board did not
know what relationship BULOG had with the third defendant and neither did it
have any dealings with BULOG. The said letter suggested that rebates due to
Citra Flour Mill in 1997 and 1998 were paid Mitsubishi Australia Limited, and
a company called Gismo Investments Limited, a company in which the first
defendant was also a director until 21 August 2001. In addition to these
rebates, which were known as "volume rebates", the Australian Wheat Board also
gave "price rebates" on the price of wheat sold. The plaintiff avers that
these price rebates, like the volume rebates, were also paid to unauthorized
third party accounts when they ought rightfully be paid to the third
defendant. The price rebates came to a sum of US$9,168,083.33 and were paid to
a company called Milling Consultants which is owned by the first defendant and
his wife.

5\. The first and second defendants' version of the story was this. Before the
third defendant was created, there was a company called Comfez which acted as
the broker in purchasing wheat from the Australian Wheat Board on behalf of
BULOG which in turn sold the wheat to Citra Flour Mills Persada (Citra Flour
Mills - Citra Flour Mills is now known as PT Panganmas Inti Persada and the
plaintiff is its majority shareholder as well as President Director). In the
scheme of arrangement, all rebates from the Australian Wheat Board were paid
to an account of a company called Wheatrac Limited; and the money in this
account went to the individual shareholders of Citra Flour Mills. After the
third defendant was incorporated on 7 August 2001 and took over the role
previously played by Comfez, the rebates (hitherto paid to Wheatrac) were paid
to Gismo Investments Ltd, and presumably, the plaintiff and his father who
were its shareholders. No rebates were ever paid to Comfez or the third
defendant. And on this account, it was submitted on behalf of all the
defendants, that the plaintiff's application must fail because the third
defendant was not entitled to any rebate, and secondly, given the role of
Gismo Investments Ltd and the plaintiff's shareholding in it, the plaintiff
obviously did not act in good faith when he made the application.

6\. Miss Hing responded on behalf of the plaintiff by asserting that the bank
account of Gismo Investments Ltd was operated solely by the first defendant
who did not account to him or his father. This was a strange state of affairs,
the how’s and why’s of which were not adequately explained. Counsel also
referred me to the plaintiff's fourth affidavit which explains the purpose of
Gismo Investments Ltd and why the first defendant was employed by that
company, namely to provide consultancy services to a company called Citra
Flour Mills Nusantara. She also pointed to the apparent weaknesses in a Price
Waterhouse Coopers’ report of 14 December 2001 which stated in its conclusion
that it was BULOG which is entitled to the rebates. The plaintiff also denied
any knowledge of payment of rebates into or out of Gismo Investments Ltd's
account in his fourth affidavit. Hence, Mr. Lim sought leave to file a further
affidavit in response to this, and also to have the plaintiff cross-examined.
I do not see any need to expand or broaden the case at this stage. At this
stage the court need not and ought not be drawn into an adjudication on the
disputed facts. That is what a _prima facie_ legitimate or arguable case is
all about. Leave to cross-examine in such situations ought to be sparingly
granted. I need only consider the grounds and points of challenge raised by
the defendants to see if they are sufficient in themselves to destroy the
credibility of the plaintiff's propounded case without a full scale hearing to
determine who was truthful and who was not.

7\. The requirements under s 216A of the Companies Act that the applicant has
to satisfy are straightforward and are set out in sub-s 3 of that section. The
defendants in this case challenged the application on all three requirements.
I shall deal quickly with the shortest one first. Mr. Bull argued that the
plaintiff did not give the requisite 14 days notice because he applied to
amend the application to include a claim for the price rebate when his
application was initiated on the basis of a claim for "volume rebates". In my
view, the amendment was in respect of the particulars; the action for which
leave was sought concerned a breach of fiduciary duties and I am satisfied
that the defendants were in no way prejudiced by the inclusion the additional
item especially since the basic position of the defendants is the same in
respect of both rebates. Secondly, in respect of the argument that the action
cannot be in the interests of the company. Mr. Bull referred to the decision
in _Teo Gek Luang v Ng Ai Tiong & Ors_ [1999] 1 SLR 434 for his argument that
the phrase "_prima facie_ in the interests of the company" means that the
applicant must show a good arguable case. I set out below the passage relied
upon by counsel, for ease and convenience:

> "Although it was and is a piece of remedial legislation enacted to put in
> place a procedure to protect the interests of minority shareholders, the
> interpretation of the provisions should be purposive and I entertained some
> reservation that a ‘liberal interpretation in favour of the complainant
> should be given as stated by the Ontario Court of Appeal in _Richardson
> Greenshields of Canada Ltd v Kalmacoff_(1955) 123 DLR (4th) 628, 636.
> Management decisions should generally be left to the Board of Directors.
> Members generally cannot sue in the name of the company. A minority
> shareholder could attempt to abuse the new procedure, which would be as
> undesirable as the tyranny of the majority directors who unreasonably refuse
> to act. The Canadian appellate court, however, at the same page went on to
> say that ‘(_b)efore granting leave, the court should be satisfied that there
> is a reasonable basis for the complaint and that the action sought to be
> instituted is a legitimate or arguable one._ ’ I agree with this latter
> formulation and adopted that approach" [Emphasis added]

8\. I, in turn, agree entirely with what was said in the above case. The terms
"legitimate" and "arguable" must be given no other meaning other than what is
the common and natural one, that is, that the claim must have a reasonable
semblance of merit; not that it is bound to succeed or likely to succeed, but
that if proved the company will stand to gain substantially in money or
money's worth. But it is axiomatic that ordinarily, legal action is best left
to the decision of the board of directors. It will not be in the interests of
a company if all shareholders are at liberty to take it to court on Quixotic
crusades. This is obviously more pertinent where there are many diverse groups
of shareholders in the company. In the present case, there are admittedly,
only three groups of shareholders divided into two camps, one the majority and
the other the minority. Furthermore, in this case, if the plaintiff is right
and proves his case, the third defendant stands to gain a large sum of
reimbursement from the first and second defendants - much more than the
$13,322.58 that the applicant in _Teo Gek Luang_ case was granted leave to
pursue. These are clearly important considerations. However, the requirements
under s 216A must first be satisfied. In this regard, one must not lose sight
of what the plaintiff sought to achieve with this application. That was made
clear from the beginning, namely, that the first and second defendants were in
breach of their fiduciary duties in causing rebates from the Australian Wheat
Board to be channeled to a third party. The _prima facie_ case that he must
show is that the company was entitled to these rebates. The affidavits and
documents that were filed in this case, as well as the numerous submissions
made by counsel for all parties have at best raised some suspicion that the
plaintiff and the first defendant might not have told their stories to court,
the full and true. Cutting away the verbiage, dust and smoke, I am satisfied
that on the documentary evidence that Mrs. Thio (who took over as counsel for
the first and second defendants midway through the proceedings) drew my
attention to - in particular, the documents from the Australian Wheat Board -
the beneficiary to any rebate from the Australian Wheat Board is the company
called Citra Flour Mill and not the third defendant. For this reason alone,
the plaintiff's application must fail. I accept that there are some unanswered
questions, for example, it is certainly baffling as to why the first defendant
was running a personal account for Gismo, the company in which the plaintiff
and his father were at all material times the shareholders and through which
rebates from the Australian Wheat Board to Citra Flour Mill were paid.
Questions such as this, by themselves, are not, however, relevant in an
application under s 216A. Whether they may be more relevant in some other
cause of action is not necessary for my comment, although it will not have
escaped the parties that if the defendants are right, Citra Flour Mill (which
I understand was and still is under the control of the plaintiff) is the
proper party to claim the rebates. That, of course, is another story. Having
perused and considered the documents and submissions here, I am satisfied that
there is no necessity to file any further affidavit or for any deponent to be
cross-examined. Accordingly, those applications are dismissed.

9\. Counsel for the defendants submitted that the application proper ought to
be dismissed because the plaintiff did not act in good faith. It is not an
important point in view of my finding above, but I will address an argument by
Mr. Bull that the burden is on the plaintiff to prove that he acted in good
faith. The question of the burden of proof on this specific issue may end up
in the great heap of irrelevance, but all that s 216A(3)(b) says is that the
court must be satisfied that the applicant acted in good faith. If at all, the
burden would be on the opponent to show that the applicant did not act in good
faith; for I am entitled, am I not, to assume that every party who comes to
court with a reasonable and legitimate claim to be acting in good faith \-
until proven otherwise. What the term _good faith_ actually means in this
context has baffled many an academic scholar of the law - see, for example,
_Corporate Law In Canada: The Governing Principles_ (2nd Ed) by GB Welling, at
page 528, and _Minority Shareholders' Rights And Remedies_ , M Chew at page
246. It would appear, in my view, that this requirement overlaps in no small
way with the requirement that the claim must be in the interests of the
company. Beyond that, whether malice or vindictiveness of the applicant ought
to be taken into account must be left to the touch and feel of the court in
each individual case because, as in most requirements of the law that repose a
measure of discretion with the court, there are bound to be matters and
factors that defy any or any precise description. Having address my mind thus,
I revert to the present case. In this regard, I shall have to reiterate my
doubts that the parties have been fully candid. But it must be remembered for
the purposes of an application under s 216A, the party whose good faith is put
in issue is that of the applicant. In taking the circumstances as set out in
the affidavits and gleaned from the documents, regardless of whose burden it
was to prove or disprove good faith, I am not satisfied that the plaintiff
came before me in good faith. Good faith would have required him to set out
the story in full from the beginning but he did not do so. I am not persuaded
that he had no idea that the Australian Wheat Board had been giving and paying
rebates through the company Gismo Investments in which he and his father were
shareholders and directors. The plain statement that the bank accounts of that
company were operated by the first defendant alone is not a sufficient
explanation because it raises further questions such as to how and why that
was allowed to be so.

10\. For these reasons this application fails and is accordingly dismissed. I
shall hear the parties as to the question of costs at a later date if they are
unable to agree.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

