Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Winjoy Investment Pte Ltd v Goh Boon Huat and Another  
[2002] SGHC 71

Case Number | : | DA 600026/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 April 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  S Rajendran J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Han Yang and Gabrielle Tan (Yeo-Leong & Peh) for the appellants/defendants; James Yu and Jemy Ong (Yu & Co) for the respondents/plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  Winjoy Investment Pte Ltd — Goh Boon Huat; Another   
  
Building and Construction Law – Damages – Damages for defects – Sale of unit
in building project – Purchasers complaining layout not in accordance with
approved plan – Remedy for alleged breach – Whether developers liable for loss
of rental in addition to remedial works  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Jurisdiction – Appellate – Finding of fact by trial
judge – Whether appellate judge ought to upset finding – Whether finding
against weight of evidence  
  
Land – Sale of land – Contract – Sale of unit in building project – Purchasers
to sign letter consenting to proposed revision to layout – Two copies of
initial layout plan attached to letter due to clerical mistake – Purchasers
signing letter of consent – Delivery of unit with revised layout by contracted
date – Purchasers complaining layout not in accordance with approved plan –
Developers carrying out remedial works – Purchasers claiming liquidated
damages for late completion or loss of rental during remedial works – Whether
purchasers on notice of mistake – Whether developers in breach of contract –
Whether claim for liquidated damages apposite – Whether developers liable for
loss of rental in addition to remedial works  
  

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. The appellants ("Winjoy") were the licensed housing developers of a
building project at Upper Bukit Timah Road known as "The Blossomvale". On or
about 25 March 1996, having obtained the necessary approvals from the relevant
authorities, Winjoy commenced selling the units therein to the public. The
property market at the time was at or close to its peak and demand was high.
Winjoy launched its sales even before any show flat/s had been constructed or
the sales brochures printed. As noted by the learned trial judge in her
Grounds of Judgment, of the 220 units in the said project, 188 units were
booked and options issued on the first day of the launch!

2\. Winjoy at the time of the launch had plans to "improve" the layout of the
units and common areas in the building project. The proposed revision did not
affect the size or location of the units. I will refer to the layout plan of
the units that had been approved by the Building Authority when the sales were
launched as Plan 1 and the proposed revision to the layout that Winjoy was
seeking as Plan 2. Purchasers acquiring units before the proposed revisions
were approved were required to sign a letter of consent which read:

"Dear Sirs

RE: THE BLOSSOMVALE

We confirm that we have no objections to your submission to the Building
Authority for the following amendments :-

_

Amendment to Unit Layout Plan

_

1\. General revision of unit layout as per attached plan.

_

Amendment to Common Areas

_

1\. Revision of M&E service layout and rooms, lift lobbies and other common
areas.

2\. Revision of building external elevations, roof, planters, staircases, car
park lots, voids, railings and landscape layout.

We understand that these amendments are subject to modifications as may be
approved by the Building Authority.

Yours faithfully

…….…………

(Purchasers) "

To show the extent of the proposed revision, Plan 1 and Plan 2 were to be
attached to the letter of consent.

3\. The respondents ("Goh" and "Lee") were amongst those who secured an option
on 25 March 1996. Their option was in respect of unit #06-16. They intended to
purchase the unit as tenants-in-common with equal shares. As the brochures and
show flat were at that time not ready all that Goh and Lee knew of the
building project and of the unit was what they gathered from copies of the
site plan, an artist’s impression of the building project, the option and the
letter of consent.

4\. Before the grant of the option, the letter of consent was given to Goh and
Lee for signature. Plan 2 was, however, not attached thereto but, due to a
clerical error, two copies of Plan 1 were attached. Lee noticed that the two
plans attached to the letter of consent were identical and allegedly commented
to Alexia Koh ("Alexia") – a young marketing representative employed by Winjoy
who was attending to intending purchasers – that there seemed to be no change
in the two plans. Alexia apparently responded to that comment by saying that
the changes were "marginal". According to a letter dated 17 August 1998
written by the solicitors of Goh and Lee to Winjoy, Goh and Lee understood
Alexia’s response to mean "minor changes or adjustments to the floor area of
the rooms, toilets and wiring which were not decipherable or discernible from
the drawings" and proceeded to sign the letter of consent. Lee testified that
he had purchased the unit because the "feng shui" of the layout of the unit
appealed to him. Winjoy’s case was that the layout of the unit did not concern
Goh and Lee as they were essentially speculators in a bullish property market
whose primary concern was to secure a unit.

5\. Goh, although a co-plaintiff in this action, did not testify at the
hearing and did not even file an affidavit of evidence-in-chief. Apparently at
the date of hearing Goh was out of town on business. But Goh’s sister, Evelyn
Goh Kah Eem ("Evelyn"), who was with Goh and Lee when the option was granted,
testified as a witness. Her testimony was in line with that of Lee. Although
the documentation reflected Goh and Lee as the purchasers of unit #06-16,
Evelyn too had a beneficial interest in the unit. The purchasers of the unit
in effect were Goh, Lee and Evelyn. In addition, Goh and Lee had given
Evelyn’s name and address to Winjoy as their authorised representative to whom
correspondences should be sent.

6\. Evelyn was herself also a purchaser of a unit in the "Blossomvale". The
unit (#01-13) that Evelyn purchased was identical in size and layout to unit
#06-16, save that as Evelyn’s unit was on the ground floor it had the benefit
of an additional enclosed space. Evelyn obtained the option to purchase her
ground floor unit on 26 March 1996, the day after Goh and Lee had obtained
their option in respect of unit #06-16. Evelyn too had signed the letter of
consent to the proposed revision in the layout but in her case there was no
error in the two plans attached.

7\. Alexia was also not called as a witness. Evidence was led in the court
below by Winjoy that Alexia had left their employ and when contacted took the
position that she (Alexia) had no recollection of the details of the sales
that she handled when the "Blossomvale" was launched for sale. Winjoy
therefore did not call Alexia as a witness.

8\. On 11 April 1996, Goh and Lee, through their solicitors, exercised the
option and entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement ("S&P Agreement") with
Winjoy. The S&P Agreement was in the form prescribed in the Housing &
Developers Rules 1985. Apart from the alleged conversation with Alexia
referred to above, Goh and Lee did not, even at that stage, question Winjoy
about the fact that the layout of the unit in the two plans attached to the
letter of consent were identical.

9\. When the brochures for the building project (which incorporated the
"Proposed Revision") were printed, copies were sent to all the purchasers. The
brochure meant for Goh and Lee was, on 17 July 1996, sent to Evelyn. Lee did
not dispute the fact that the brochure had been sent to him and Goh but
claimed that he had paid no attention to its contents.

10\. The approval of the relevant authority for the Proposed Revision to the
Layout Plan (ie Plan 2) was in due course obtained and the units were
constructed according to the layout in Plan 2. When the temporary occupation
permit ("TOP") for the development was obtained, notice under cl 11(1) of the
S&P Agreement was sent to all purchasers to take vacant possession of their
respective units. Notice was given to Goh and Lee on 17 June 1998 and they
took vacant possession of unit #06-16 pursuant to that notice on 2 July 1998.

11\. On 10 July 1998, Goh and Lee’s solicitors wrote to Winjoy’s solicitors to
say that the unit that Goh and Lee had contracted to purchase was different
from that delivered. Enclosed with their letter was the letter of consent with
the two identical plans attached. On 3 August 1998, Winjoy’s solicitors
replied apologising for the error in enclosing two copies of the same plan to
the letter of consent. They claimed that Goh and Lee were aware of the correct
post-revision plan.

12\. On 17 August 1998, Goh and Lee’s solicitors gave notice to Winjoy to take
immediate steps to re-do the layout of unit #06-16 to that which Goh and Lee
had contracted for (ie Plan 1) and compensate Goh and Lee for the loss of use
of the unit during the time required to do the remedial works. The first of
the many items listed as not complying with the agreed plan was that the main
door was now facing "west" when it should be facing "east". This claim was
found not to have any basis. Amongst the other complaints raised were that the
door to the master bedroom opened into the living area (which resulted in less
privacy); the change in size and layouts of the bedrooms and kitchen; and that
the new family room created had no value added because of the absence of
natural lighting.

13\. Evelyn brought to the attention of her boss, James Liu ("Liu") – the then
Chief Executive Officer of Arab Bank – the differences in layout between the
unit as constructed and the plans attached to the letter of consent signed by
Goh and Lee. Liu, a friend of Cheng Wai Keung ("Cheng"), a Director of Wing
Tai Holdings Ltd (a company related to Winjoy) raised the matter with Cheng.
Thereafter, the marketing manager of Winjoy, Len Siew Lian ("Len"), contacted
Evelyn to say that she had been directed to do what was necessary to resolve
the matter.

14\. Discussions then ensued, mainly between Len and Evelyn, and eventually
agreement was reached on the extent of the remedial works to be done. Winjoy
also agreed to reimburse property tax and maintenance fees incurred by Goh and
Lee during the period of the renovation works. On 4 November 1998, Winjoy
collected one set of keys to unit #06-16 for the purpose of carrying out the
remedial works. Goh and Lee retained the other two sets of keys.

15\. The remedial works agreed upon involved the obtaining of planning
approval, the choice of materials and colours to be used and the choice of
designs for the built-in furniture. Liaising and agreeing on these matters
caused considerable delay. According to Winjoy, the remedial works were
completed on 30 June 1999 when they returned the front door key to unit #06-16
to Goh and Lee but retained the rear door key in order to enable the
authorities to inspect the unit and for Winjoy to attend to some minor work.
Lee and Evelyn disputed that the remedial works had been completed by 30 June
1999. They claimed that completion of the remedial works only took place on 21
August 1999 when Winjoy returned the rear door key to them.

16\. It was Winjoy’s position that the agreement reached between them and the
purchasers (Goh and Lee) constituted a settlement agreement and as that
agreement had been complied with Goh and Lee had no further claims on Winjoy.
Lee and Evelyn disputed that position. Their position was the agreement
reached with Winjoy was without prejudice to Goh and Lee’s claim for damages
arising from Winjoy’s breach of conduct. The learned trial judge accepted the
evidence of Goh and Lee on this issue. I saw no grounds for interfering with
that finding.

17\. Meanwhile, on 26 July 1999, Winjoy’s solicitors gave notice to complete
the purchase on account of the fact that separate title to the unit had been
issued. On 4 August 1999, Goh and Lee’s solicitors replied that Winjoy had yet
to deliver possession of the re-constructed unit and that liquidated damages,
under cl 11(a) of the S&P Agreement, were running against Winjoy as Winjoy had
failed to deliver vacant possession of the unit by 31 October 1998.

18\. On 27 August 1998, Winjoy’s solicitors wrote to say that Winjoy had
settled Goh and Lee’s claims and had agreed to reimburse Goh and Lee’s
property tax and maintenance on an ex gratia basis. They stated categorically
that Goh and Lee were not entitled to liquidated damages. On 28 October 1999,
the parties completed the sale and purchase on a without prejudice basis and
on 29 December 1999 Goh and Lee instituted these proceedings in the District
Court.

_**

  
The claim

**_.

19\. Goh and Lee’s claim against Winjoy was based on cll 8(1) and 11(3) of the
S&P Agreement. It will be helpful to set the material provisions in cll 8 and
11 in full:

"8. (1) The Vendor shall forthwith erect _in a good and workmanlike manner the
building unit_ and the housing project together with all the common property
thereof in accordance with the specifications described in the Third Schedule
and _in accordance with the plans approved by the Building Authority and other
authorities, which specifications and plans have been accepted and approved by
the Purchaser as the Purchaser hereby acknowledges_.

(2) No changes or deviations shall be made to the specifications and plans
except such changes or deviations as may be approved or required by the
Building Authority or other authorities.

…

11\. (1) The Vendor shall complete the building unit _so as to be fit for
occupation_ and remove all surplus material, plant and rubbish from the
building unit and the housing project and _deliver vacant possession of the
building unit to the Purchase on or before the 31 st day of October 1998_.

(2) On delivery of vacant possession of the building unit to the Purchaser,
the Vendor shall deliver to the Purchaser or his solicitors a copy of the
temporary occupation permit or certificate of statutory completion for the
occupation of the building unit issued by the Building Authority together with
the certificate of the Vendor’s architect that the building unit and the
housing project and all roads and drainage and sewerage works of the housing
project have been constructed in accordance with the plans and specifications
approved by the Building Authority and that water, electricity and gas
supplies have been duly connected to the building unit.

(3) _If the Vendor fails or is unable to deliver vacant possession of the
building unit to the Purchaser on the date specified in paragraph (1) for any
reason whatsoever, the Vendor shall pay to the Purchaser liquidated damages_
calculated from day to day at the rate of 10% per annum on the total sum of
all the instalments paid by the Purchaser towards the purchase price for the
period commencing immediately after the date specified in paragraph (1) and
ending on the date vacant possession of the building unit is delivered to the
Purchaser.

(4) … "

(Emphasis added.)

It was Goh and Lee’s pleaded case that, in breach of cl 8, Winjoy had built
the unit so fundamentally and substantially different from the plans approved
by the Building Authority that the unit was not fit for occupation. It was
alleged that as a result the notice of 17 June 1998, to Goh and Lee, to take
possession was not in compliance with cl 11(1) and Winjoy could only be said
to have delivered possession of the unit to Goh and Lee, on 21 August 1999
when Winjoy completed the remedial works and handed the rear door key to Goh
and Lee. Goh and Lee therefore claimed liquidated damages under cl 11(3) from
Winjoy for the period 31 October 1998 to 21 August 1999.

20\. In the alternative, Goh and Lee claimed that by reason of Winjoy’s
breaches they were unable to rent out the unit from 2 July 1998 to 21 August
1999 and thereby lost the profit they would otherwise have made if Winjoy had
delivered possession of the property on 2 July 1998 in a condition that
complied with the requirements of the S&P Agreement.

21\. The learned trial judge summarised the defences raised by Winjoy and the
Reply of Goh and Lee as follows:

"The defence was twofold: (1) the defence pleaded that the plaintiffs were
aware of and approved of the post revision plan [Plan 2] although at trial,
the defence did not pitch its case as high and merely said that the plaintiffs
knew of the mistake in the plan; and (2) that it was pursuant to a settlement
agreement entered into in late January 1999, that Winjoy carried out the works
and offered to reimburse the plaintiffs for property tax and maintenance fees
up to the completion of the works. Alternatively, the plaintiffs were estopped
from making the claim against Winjoy.

In their reply, the plaintiffs denied knowledge of Plan 2 or of any mistake in
the plans or the existence of any settlement agreement."

In summarising of the defences the learned trial judge appears to have left
out two further defences raised:

(a) That Winjoy had complied with cl 8 of the S&P Agreement. In the event the
court held otherwise, the remedy available to Goh and Lee is under cl 18(1) of
the S&P Agreement which remedy had already been accorded to Goh and Lee in
that Winjoy has made good the layout to the satisfaction of Goh and Lee; and

(b) That Winjoy, in compliance with cl 11(1) of the S&P Agreement, had
delivered vacant possession of the completed unit – in a condition "fit for
occupation" – before 31 October 1998 as required under cl 11(1) and
consequently Goh and Lee could not claim liquidated damages under cl 11(3).

I will first deal with the issue whether Goh and Lee were aware – at the time
they signed the option or at any time before they signed the S&P Agreement –
that two identical plans had been attached to the letter of consent by
mistake.

22\. On the issue of the "mistake" the learned trial judge held that there was
nothing "bizarre or suspect" in the explanation given by Alexia that the
changes were marginal and, accordingly, it was reasonable for Goh and Lee to
trust that explanation and sign the letter of consent. The learned trial judge
went on to find that Winjoy was in breach of cl 8 of the S&P Agreement in not
having built the unit in accordance with the layout plan (Plan 1) approved by
Goh and Lee. She found that Winjoy had not, by 31 October 1998, delivered a
unit built in compliance with the S&P Agreement to Goh and Lee and that as a
consequence liquidated damages under cl 11 was payable. She further found that
Winjoy had handed possession of a unit that complied with the S&P Agreement
only on 21 August 1999 and ordered that liquidated damages under cl 11(3) for
the period 31 October 1998 to 21 August 1999 (less 33 days for delays
attributable to Goh and Lee) be paid by Winjoy to Goh and Lee. In addition,
she also ordered that Winjoy pay the property tax and service charges in
respect of the unit up to 21 August 1999.

_**

  
The mistake

**_.

23\. Winjoy enclosed two plans to the letter of consent – one marked "Approved
Plan" (Plan 1) and the other marked "Proposed Revision" (the intended Plan 2)
with a view to highlighting the differences in layout between Plan 1 and Plan
2 to the purchaser. However, the layout of the two plans annexed to the letter
of consent signed by Goh and Lee were identical. By no stretch of the
imagination could two identical copies to reflect the "general revision of
unit layout" referred to in the letter of consent. There was no room even to
say, in respect of the two plans attached, that the differences were
"marginal" as Alexia was alleged to have said. On the face of the two plans
attached, it must have been obvious to any looking at the plans that a
clerical error had occurred and that one of the plans had been annexed in
error.

24\. That a clerical mistake had been made was obvious not only from the fact
that the layouts in the two plans were identical; it was also apparent from
the stamps that appeared on the two plans. At the bottom right of both the
plans the words "Layout of Approved Plan" with the date "28/01/96" stamped: a
clear indicator that both were copies of the layout plan approved on 28
January 1996 – ie Plan 1. Further, in one of the plans, consistent with the
words "Layout of Approved Plan", there was another stamp bearing the words
"Approved Plan". Under the words "Approved Plan" the unit number to which the
plan related was correctly stated as #06-16. In the other plan, the additional
stamp read: "Proposed Revision". The same layout could not at the same time be
the "Approved Layout" as well as the "Proposed Revision" to that layout.
Further, under the words "Proposed Revision", the unit number stated was of
another unit #06-15, and not #06-16 the unit purchased by Goh and Lee. It
would have been obvious from all this that a clerical error had occurred and
that the "Proposed Revision" plan in respect of unit #06-16 had not been
attached to the letter of consent that Goh and Lee signed.

25\. The learned trial judge does not appear to have given sufficient
consideration to the fact that when Goh and Lee found two identical layout
plans attached to the letter of consent they would have known that something
was amiss. Even if Alexia did in fact say to Lee that the changes were
marginal, that statement – in the light of the identical layouts in the two
plans attached – just could not be correct. I therefore cannot agree with the
learned trial judge that there was "nothing untoward" and "nothing suspect" in
what Alexia said.

26\. The learned trial judge also appears to have misdirected herself when she
stated in her Grounds of Judgment:

"If Winjoy wished to take the position that it was _impossible_ for the
plaintiffs not to have been aware of the mistake in the layout plan, Winjoy
should have called [Alexia]."

(Emphasis added.)

The identical nature of the layout in the two plans attached and the
inconsistency between the words "Approved Layout Plan" and "Proposed Revision"
stamped on one of the plans, are such that Goh and Lee would be on notice that
there was a mistake in the plans attached. In those circumstances, I could not
agree with the learned trial judge that it was "impossible" for Winjoy,
without calling Alexia, to take the position that Goh and Lee were aware of
the mistake in the layout plan. I was of the view that not only was such a
conclusion possible but, in the circumstances, it was the proper conclusion to
arrive at.

27\. Sitting as an appellate judge I would, ordinarily, be reluctant to
interfere with a finding of fact made by the trial judge. I would do so only
for good reason. In this case, I found that the learned trial judge’s finding
went against the weight of the evidence. I was therefore unable to uphold her
finding that it was "perfectly reasonable for Goh and Lee to repose trust in
what Alexia said". It seemed to me that the truth of the matter was that when
Goh and Lee signed the letter of consent on 25 March 1996, they were not
particularly concerned with the layout of the unit and did not trouble
themselves to have the obvious error of having two identical plans attached to
the letter of consent corrected or properly clarified. There was therefore no
question of their reposing trust in what Alexia said.

28\. This finding that Goh and Lee were indifferent to the layout of the unit
was further supported by the fact that Evelyn, a co-owner of unit #06-16, had,
on 26 March 1996 – ie the very next day – signed a similar letter of consent
in respect of another unit in the same development (#01-13) which Evelyn
purchased. The layout of the plan stamped "Approved Layout" (Plan 1) attached
thereto – save for an additional enclosed space by reason if it being a ground
floor plan – was identical to the layout in the two plans attached to the
letter that Goh and Lee signed. The layout of the other plan stamped "Proposed
Revision" (Plan 2) was distinctly different from the "Approved Layout" plan
(Plan 1). Given the closeness of the relationship between Evelyn, Goh and Lee,
it goes against the grain that Evelyn did not draw the attention of Goh or Lee
to the distinctly different layout plans.

29\. Another unusual feature was the fact that before exercising the option
and entering into a S&P Agreement, Goh and Lee had not, through their
solicitors, asked Winjoy to explain – an explanation that other purchasers of
units in the "Blossomvale" who had signed letters of consent with identical
plans attached had sought – why the two plans were identical. The claim by Lee
that he paid no attention at all to the brochure sent by Winjoy (which
incorporated the Proposed Revision) was also surprising.

30\. I accepted the submission of Winjoy that Goh and Lee were speculators and
that the internal layout of the unit they purchased was not of particular
concern to them. In signing the letter of consent with the knowledge that the
plans annexed were in error, Goh and Lee were signifying their consent to
whatever changes to the layout plan that the Building Authority might approve.
Their prime concern – in the bullish property market then prevailing – was to
secure a unit in the "Blossomvale". In those circumstances, I found that there
was no breach of cl 8(1) when Winjoy constructed unit #06-16 in accordance
with Plan 2. Reluctant though I was to upset a finding of fact by a trial
judge, I formed the view that in this case it would be proper to do so.

31\. The above finding is enough grounds on which to allow Winjoy’s appeal and
set aside the decision of the learned trial judge. However, Mr Lee Han Yang
(counsel for Winjoy) had submitted at length on the issue of whether Goh and
Lee, in the event Winjoy was in breach of their obligation under cl 8(1) to
build unit #06-16 in accordance with Plan 1, were entitled – as the learned
trial judge had held – to obtain liquidated damages under cl 11 and, if not,
whether they could, besides requiring Winjoy to re-do the layout under cl
18(1) of the S&P Agreement (which Winjoy had done), obtain further damages
from Winjoy. These issues, in view of the finding I made that Winjoy was not
in breach of cl 8(1) of the S&P Agreement, are strictly irrelevant. I address
them here only for the sake of completeness.

_**

  
Liquidated damages

**_.

32\. Liquidated damages are payable by the vendor if, to trace the language
used in cl 11(3) of the S&P Agreement, "the vendor is unable to deliver vacant
possession of the building unit to the purchaser on the date specified in cl
11(1)". The date specified in cl 11(1) was "on or before the 31st day of
October 1998". Clause 11(1) required that the vendor, inter alia, to complete
the building unit "so as to be fit for occupation" before delivering vacant
possession.

33\. In this case, Winjoy had delivered, and Goh and Lee had accepted, vacant
possession of unit #06-16 on 2 July 1998 – a date well within the delivery
date of 31 October 1998 specified in cl 11(1). At the time of the delivery all
the conditions stipulated in cll 11(1) and 11(2) had been met and there was no
dispute that unit #06-16, when handed over to Goh and Lee on 2 July 1998, was
"fit for occupation" in the ordinary sense of that expression. Goh and Lee’s
complaint relating to unit #06-16 was not that it was not "fit for occupation"
but that its layout did not accord with the layout envisaged in their contract
with Winjoy.

34\. The learned trial judge in awarding liquidated damages under cl 11(3) for
the alleged breach by Winjoy in not having built the unit in accordance with
plans approved by Goh and Lee said:

"Clause 11 provides that the vendor shall complete the building unit so as to
be fit for occupation and remove all surplus material, plant and rubbish from
the building unit and the housing project and deliver vacant possession by a
specified date. _The purpose of Clause 11 would be defeated if the vendor
could be treated as having delivered possession when works, inspection by
authorities and handover of a key were pending_. I found that Winjoy delivered
possession only on 21 August 1999."

(Emphasis added.)

With respect, I do not think that that approach is tenable. The "works and
inspection by the authorities" referred to by the learned trial judge were
undertaken by Winjoy as a consequence of complaints from Goh and Lee after
vacant possession under cl 11(1) had been delivered to Goh and Lee. These
complaints – that the layout of the unit was not in accordance with the plans
that had been agreed to by Goh and Lee – did not detract from the fact that
the unit was "fit for occupation" and that vacant possession of the unit had
been handed to Goh and Lee on 2 July 1998.

35\. The remedy provided for in the S&P Agreement to cover complaints such as
those raised by Goh and Lee is contained in cl 18(1) which reads:

"18. (1) __Any defect, shrinkage or other faults in the building__ and in the
housing project and all the common property thereto which shall become
apparent within a period of 12 months from the date of notice to the Purchaser
to take vacant possession and __which shall be due__ to defective workmanship
or materials or __to the building unit__ and the housing project and all the
common property thereto __not having been constructed in accordance with the
specifications and plans_ _(amended or unamended, as the case may be) __shall
be made good by the Vendor at its own cost and expense__ within one month of
its having received written notice thereof from the Purchaser and if the
defects, shrinkage or other faults are not made good by the Vendor as
aforesaid, the Purchaser and the management corporation of the housing project
shall be entitled to recover from the Vendor the costs of making good the
defects, shrinkage or other faults and the Purchaser may deduct such costs
from any sum which has been held by the Purchaser’s solicitors as stakeholder
for the Vendor.

Provided that the Purchaser shall at any time after the expiry of the said
period of one month notify the Vendor of the cost of carrying out any works to
make good the defects, shrinkage and other faults before the commencement of
the works and shall give the Vendor an opportunity to carry out the works
himself within 14 days from the date the Purchaser has notified the Vendor of
his intention to carry out the said works."

(Emphasis added.)

Insofar as is relevant to the issues in this case, cl 18(1) in effect provides
that:

"Any defect, shrinkage or other faults in the building … which shall be due …
to the building unit … not having been constructed in accordance with the
specifications and plans … shall be made good by the Vendor at its own cost
and expense …"

Goh and Lee’s complaint, that unit #06-16 had not been built according to the
agreed layout, had been attended to by Winjoy at its own cost and expense to
the satisfaction of Goh and Lee. By so doing, Winjoy had complied with its
obligations under cl 18(1).

36\. The remedying of defects under cl 18(1) is, however, a separate regime
from the claim for liquidated damages for late completion under cl 11(3). In
the present case, a claim for liquidated damages under cl 11 of the S&P
Agreement would have been well founded if, and only if, Winjoy had failed, by
31 October 1998, to hand over to Goh and Lee unit #06-16 in a condition "fit
for occupation". But that was not the claim here. The claim here was for a
breach of cl 8(1) of the S&P Agreement, namely, the obligation of Winjoy to
build the unit in accordance with plans approved by Goh and Lee. For such a
breach, a claim for liquidated damages under cl 11(3) is not apposite.

37\. There is support for the above proposition in the case of _Kassim Syed
Ali & Ors v Grace Development Pte Ltd & Anor_ [1998] 2 SLR 393. That was also
a case involving a developer and a purchaser of a unit in the development. In
that case, Grace Development was found to be in breach of the S&P Agreement
for not having delivered to a purchaser (Kassim) a unit in a "hotel-cum-
shopping complex" as envisaged in the S&P Agreement between the parties.
Kassim sought to obtain liquidated damages from Grace Development under cl
14(2) of that S&P Agreement for the loss he suffered as a result of that
breach. Clause 14(2) provided as follows:

"The said notice to complete shall be given by the vendor on or before 31
December 1990. If the vendor shall fail to give the said notice to complete on
the date fixed for completion the vendor shall pay to the purchaser liquidated
damages calculated from day to day commencing from the date when such notice
to complete should have been given at the rate of 9% per annum on a sum equal
to 85% of the purchase price such interest may be deducted from any instalment
due and payable to the vendor."

Kassim argued that, because of the breach of contract, Grace Development was
unable to serve a valid notice to complete on Kassim and, until such time as
the court orders completion to take place, Kassim was entitled to liquidated
damages under cl 14(2). LP Thean JA, delivering the judgment of the Court of
Appeal, rejected that argument as "wholly unsound" and went on to say at page
404E:

"_The liquidated damages under cl 14(2) are payable only in the event that the
notice to complete was not given by the first respondents on or before 31
December 1990_. The notice to complete was given by the first respondents on
15 April 1991 or thereabouts and liquidated damages computed in accordance
with cl 14(2) had been deducted from the amounts payable to the first
respondents as shown in the completion account. _Clause 14(2) is not
applicable in assessing damages for the loss, if any, occasioned to the
appellants by reason of the breach of contract on the part of the first
respondents_. We can find no basis for applying this provision."

(Emphasis added.)

In that passage, the Court of Appeal has, in effect, ruled that a clause such
as cl 14(2) – a liquidated damages clause for late completion – is not
applicable in assessing damages for the loss, if any, occasioned to the
purchaser by reason of breaches of contract by the developer other than
failure to deliver vacant possession of the unit by the contracted date.

38\. Kassim’s arguments in that case were analogous to Goh and Lee’s
arguments, in the present case, that the notice to take vacant possession
under cl 11(1) was not valid because the building unit that Winjoy wished to
deliver was not the building unit that Winjoy had contracted to build and,
accordingly, vacant possession of unit #06-16 was not delivered to Goh and Lee
by 31 October 1998. For the reasons given by the Court of Appeal, I rejected
that argument.

39\. In the case of Kassim, the Court of Appeal held that Kassim, in order to
recover damages, would have to prove the loss he had in fact suffered by being
given a unit in an "office-cum-shopping complex" instead of a "hotel-cum-
shopping complex". To prove that loss Kassim would have had to adduce evidence
that the unit delivered to him was inferior (in terms of market value) to the
unit in a "hotel-cum-shopping complex" that should have been delivered to him.
Kassim failed to adduce any such evidence and as a consequence he was not, at
the trial, awarded any damages. In upholding that decision, LP Thean JA stated
at page 404A:

"Damages" are compensatory, and one cannot seek compensation in vacuo.
Compensation must be measured against the loss suffered. In our judgment, the
appellants have not proved that what they got was less valuable than what they
had contracted for".

Unlike Kassim, Goh and Lee in the present case were not claiming for any
diminution in the market value of the unit but for the loss suffered as a
result of their inability to rent the unit during the period of the remedial
works. Even so, the burden of proving the rental loss was on Goh and Lee.

_**

  
Damages

**_.

40\. I now turn to the question of the remedies available to Goh and Lee if
Winjoy had in fact been in breach of cl 8 in having built unit #06-16 with a
layout different from that agreed to with Goh and Lee. For such a breach, the
solution provided for in the S&P Agreement was in cl 18(1). Winjoy had
attended to this complaint of Goh and Lee and the requirements of cl 18(1)
had, in effect, been adhered to. The question that arose was whether the
purchaser, besides getting the vendor to make good the defects under cl 18(1),
could hold the vendor liable for other losses sustained.

41\. In the present case, the remedial works undertaken by Winjoy took a
considerable amount of time and Goh and Lee had (during that time) been unable
to rent out the unit. They had, during the period, also suffered losses by way
of property tax and service charges for the unit. Could they recover such
losses?

42\. In principle, I did not see why a developer, in a case like this, should
not, in addition to carrying out remedial works under cl 18(1), be liable to
the purchaser for losses arising from the breach, including loss of rental
income whilst the remedial works were being carried out. Mr Lee did not
seriously seek to argue otherwise and limited his submission to pointing out
that at the hearing below no evidence at all was adduced as to how rentable
the units were, how long it would take to obtain a tenant and what rental the
unit could reasonably fetch in the market.

43\. I will deal briefly with the claim for the property tax and service
charges before I deal with the claim for lost rental. Mr Lee pointed out that
a considerable portion of the time taken to re-do the flat was attributable to
delays on the part of Goh and Lee in responding in a timely way to matters
that required their input and that Winjoy had, in any event, as a gesture of
goodwill, reimbursed Goh and Lee the property tax and service charges up to 30
June 1999 when Winjoy returned the front door keys of the unit to Goh and Lee.
He submitted that by that date the remedial works had, for all practical
purposes, been completed and Winjoy should not be held responsible for
property tax and service charges after that date. I accepted that submission.

44\. The claim for lost rental had been argued, at the hearing below, on the
basis of liquidated damages payable under cl 11(3) and as a consequence little
or no attention had been paid to proving actual losses. Given the
paucity/absence of evidence, the court, if it were to assess the rent lost,
would be relying on hearsay and/or indulging in speculation. Mr Lee submitted
that, as no evidence was adduced on the basis of which the court could
determine the amount of rent that could reasonably be said to have been lost,
no damages should be awarded. Mr James Yu (counsel for Goh and Lee) submitted
that, at the very least, the court should award some nominal damages for the
lost rent.

45\. Goh and Lee, not having adduced evidence at the hearing below relating to
the rental that could be said to have been lost during the period the unit was
being renovated, it is very difficult for a court to assess what that loss
should be. However, in view of the fact that Winjoy was, in the first place,
not in breach of cl 8(1) of the S&P Agreement, the issue, even of awarding
nominal damages, was academic as no damages would, in any event, be payable.

46\. For the above reasons, I allowed the appeal with costs both here and
below.

Sgd:

S. RAJENDRAN  
Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Apr 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

