Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Wanari bin Kamri  
[2002] SGHC 226

Case Number | : | CC 52/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 September 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Eugene Lee Yee Leng and Francis Ng [Attorney-General's Chambers] for the prosecution; Accused in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Wanari bin Kamri   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. The accused is a male aged 42\. He was charged with three counts of rape
against his step-daughter (referred to herein as "_A_ ", to preserve
anonymity) presently aged 13. The offences were committed between early 2000
and late 2001. _A_ testified that the accused first molested her on 22 August
1999. Subsequently, the accused molested and raped her on three separate
occasions. The first was in early 2000, the second at the end of 2000, and the
last occasion on 21 September 2001. She was able to recall this last date
because that was when she experienced menstruation for the first time.

2\. The accused is the second husband of _A's_ mother (referred to herein as
"_B_ " to preserve A's anonymity). He had two children by his first wife whom
he had since divorced. _A_ is the only child of _B_. _B_ had since borne a son
by the accused. The rapes became known after _B_ found a love note in the
accused's bag. The note was written by the accused and addressed to _A_. _B_ ,
being illiterate, asked her daughter to read the note to her. The daughter
only said that it was a note about her (_A_). _B_ then asked her neighbour N
to translate the note to her. After that _B_ confronted _A_ and eventually,
the history of rape and molest was revealed. _B_ then lodged a complaint to
the police against the accused. The accused was arrested in his flat on 18
April 2002.

3\. Dr. Codelia Han testified that A was no longer _virgo intacta_ and that it
was consistent with a history of previous sexual intercourse. The prosecution
also led evidence of a note written by the accused in Malay to his wife
acknowledging that he had done wrong and asking for forgiveness. Evidence was
also led, from N, in respect of _A_ telling N that she had been touched by her
step-father, but had asked N not to disclose this to _B_. SI Mohd Bakhtiar
testified that when he arrested the accused, the accused said that he already
knew why the police had come for him. He had also admitted that he had
molested his step-daughter. Three cautioned statements in respect of each of
the charges were adduced in evidence by the prosecution. The statements were
short, and in them, the accused acknowledged the offence charged, and asked
for leniency. He had also confessed to the rapes in his statement to the
investigating officer under s 121(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code recorded
on 24 April 2002. A short oral statement made to the investigating officer and
subsequently recorded in the officer's field diary was also adduced in
evidence. In this statement the accused denied penetrating _A_ and said that
he had only rubbed his penis against her vulva, a stand he maintained
throughout the trial.

4\. The accused was not represented by counsel. He challenged the
admissibility of all his confessions on the ground that the recording officer
threatened that he would be locked away for a long time if he did not tell the
truth. Secondly, he was promised the opportunity of seeing his wife and son
after he had given his statement. Finally, he charged that in any event, he
never confessed to rape but only to molest. I am of the view that none of the
allegations above raised any reasonable doubt as to the voluntary nature of
the statements. The statements were, according, admitted in evidence. In any
event, I find that the substantive evidence against the accused was the oral
testimony of _A_. In that regard, I am satisfied that she was a sufficiently
mature and reliable witness. There were moments of confusion during her cross-
examination, but when they were clarified, I found them to be consistent and
reliable. I am satisfied that _A_ ’s evidence that the accused had penetrated
her was truthful and that she was fully aware of what her evidence meant.

5\. The accused elected to give evidence when I called upon his defence. His
main plank was that he did not penetrate _A_ , but had only rubbed his penis
against her vulva. He also tried to show that _A_ had consented to the acts
and was a willing participant. He insinuated that _A_ made the allegations of
rape because she was afraid of her mother. I find in none of these assertions
any material to raise a reasonable doubt in my mind. I was therefore satisfied
that the prosecution had proved its case against the accused, and I
accordingly convicted him of the three charges upon which he was tried before
me.

6\. The DPP brought my attention to a list of previous offences upon which the
accused was convicted. They comprised traffic offences and drug related
offences. In mitigation the accused merely pleaded remorse, and appealed for
forgiveness and leniency - both appeals arriving a trifle late. The accused
consented to having the remaining six charges for molest taken into
consideration for purposes of sentencing. After hearing the DPP's address on
sentence and the matters raised by the accused I sentenced him to 12 years
imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane in respect of each of the three
charges. The sentence of imprisonment in respect of the first and fifth
charges would run concurrently with effect from the date of his arrest, namely
18 April 2002. The sentence of imprisonment in respect of the eighth charge
shall run consecutively from that of the first and fifth charges. The total
number of strokes of the cane shall not exceed 24 as stipulated under the CPC.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Sep 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

