Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Chu Chong trading as Grand Am Fashion Enterprise v Ng Swee Choon and
Others  
[2002] SGHC 39

Case Number | : | Suit 1108/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 February 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Kim Hong and Gregory Fong (Mas & Partners) for the plaintiff; Adrian Ee (Ramdas & Wong) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Ng Chu Chong trading as Grand Am Fashion Enterprise — Ng Swee Choon   
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Infringement – Trade mark registration in joint
names of plaintiff and first defendant trading as partnership – First
defendant withdrawing from partnership – First and second defendants working
for plaintiff's sole-proprietorship – Defendants offering for sale goods
bearing trade mark but not of plaintiff's origin – Whether infringement of
trade mark – ss 26, 27 & 37 Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1999 Ed)  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Ownership – Trade mark registration in joint
names of plaintiff and first defendant trading as partnership – Whether trade
mark partnership or personal property – Effect of dissolution of partnership
on ownership of trade mark – Whether transfer of first defendant's rights in
trade mark to plaintiff – ss 20(1) & 39 Partnership Act (Cap 391, 1994 Ed) –
ss 12(11) & 12(12) Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1992 Ed)  
  
Partnership – Dissolution – Effect – Trade mark registration in joint names of
plaintiff and first defendant trading as partnership – First defendant
withdrawing from partnership – Consequences of dissolution of partnership –
Partnership Act (Cap 391, 1994 Ed)  
  
Partnership – Partners inter se – Partnership property and property of
separate partners – Trade mark registration in joint names of plaintiff and
first defendant trading as partnership – Whether trade mark partnership or
personal property – s 20(1) Partnership Act (Cap 391, 1994 Ed) – ss 12(11) &
12(12) Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1992 Ed)  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

_

Introduction

_

1\. This was an application brought by Ng Chu Chong (‘the plaintiff’), under
Order 14 of The Rules of Court, for a permanent injunction restraining Ng Swee
Choon, Chian Han Chuan, Oh Han Kiong, Chan Yuen Hou and Chian Lian Fong,
trading as GA Fashion Apparel (‘the defendants’) from dealing in or with the
trademark "McBlue". I granted the injunction and such other orders as applied
for; the defendants have now appealed against my decision (in Civil Appeal No.
5 of 2001).

_

  
Facts

_

2\. The plaintiff is the brother of Ng Swee Choon (‘the first defendant’). On
15 July 1987, the plaintiff and the first defendant entered into a partnership
called "Grand Am Fashion Enterprise" ('Grand Am'). It was the first defendant
who had created the name of the business. Grand Am was to manufacture and to
sell fashion apparel under various trademarks, including the trademark
"McBlue". On 10 September 1987, the first defendant and the plaintiff trading
as Grand Am, were entered by the Registry of Trademarks as the joint
proprietors of the McBlue trademark. The trademark was then renewed on 10
September 1994 for a further period of 10 years to expire in 2004. The
business grew and the partnership was able to establish accounts in various
major departmental stores in Singapore such as Seiyu, Carrefour, Isetan and
Metro.

3\. However sometime between 1997 and 1998, a statutory demand to pay a sum of
approximately $1.51 million was served by Far East Finance Organization on the
first defendant. She was unable to discharge her debts and a receiving and
adjudication order was then made against her on 9 October 1998. The first
defendant was aware that she could not remain as a partner of Grand Am if she
were to be declared as a bankrupt. Hence, as early as 31 December 1997, she
had voluntarily withdrawn from the partnership. The withdrawal was filed in
Form D (Statement of Changes in Business under the Business Registration Act)
on 23 September 1998. Subsequent searches in the Registry of Businesses
revealed that Grand Am was now registered as a sole-proprietorship in the
plaintiff’s name. Both the second and the first defendants, who are
incidentally husband and wife, continued to work for the sole-proprietorship
as the managing director and product manager respectively.

4\. On 18 July 2001, the plaintiff’s wife was informed by an employee of
Carrefour’s Accounts Department that the Grand Am account was to be closed and
taken over by a company called "GA Fashion Apparel" (‘GA’). The buyer for
Carrefour was led to believe that the first and second defendants were the
actual owners of Grand Am. According to the plaintiff, investigations with
other departmental store buyers also revealed that the first and second
defendants had misrepresented to them that they were the actual owners of
Grand Am, that Grand Am and GA were one and the same entity and, that GA would
be the new suppliers. I might add at this juncture that these claims were
strenuously resisted by the first and second defendants. Both said that such
representations were unnecessary in view of their close personal relationships
with the buyers of the various departmental stores as the stores would have
been aware that Grand Am and GA were separate entities. A search conducted
upon GA showed that the firm was a partnership registered on 7 February 2001
in the names of Chan Yuen Hou and Chian Lian Fong (the fourth and fifth
defendants respectively). One of the partners, Chian Lian Fong is the sister-
in-law of the first defendant. The plaintiff also discovered that GA would be
making a delivery to Carrefour on the following day.

5\. Consequently, on 19 July 2001, the plaintiff went down to the departmental
store and saw the second and third defendants, delivering goods bearing the
"McBlue" trademark logo under GA invoices and purchase orders. He confiscated
the GA invoices, purchase orders as well as the box of stocks and proceeded to
make a police report. The plaintiff then initiated the present proceedings
against the defendants on the basis that the defendants had infringed upon the
McBlue trademark. He applied for a permanent injunction to restrain them from
further infringement and such other consequential orders as necessary. The
third defendant, on the instructions of GA, also filed a police report on the
20 July 2001 claiming that the plaintiff wrongfully took possession of the
goods and thereby converted them.

_

  
The dispute

_

6\. There were numerous points in dispute between the parties. First, the
plaintiff and the first defendant disagreed as to the consequences of the
first defendant’s withdrawal as a partner. According to the plaintiff, it was
agreed between the parties that the plaintiff would continue running the
business of Grand Am as a sole- proprietorship and the first defendant was to
remain in his employment to help clear the debts of the dissolved partnership.
On the other hand, the first and second defendants denied that there was any
such agreement. The first defendant claimed that the plaintiff had agreed to
pay her share of the partnership to her, including the capital sum of
$91,614.70, which she had initially invested in the business, and that there
was no contract of employment between the parties. At best, she and her
husband (the second defendant) were working for Grand Am on a free-lance basis
and drawing an allowance. They were also entitled to engage in any other
business activity as they wished. The second defendant also claimed that the
partnership business was never transferred to the plaintiff.

7\. Secondly, the first defendant also alleged that the plaintiff had used the
partnership name of "Grand Am Fashion Enterprise" for his sole-proprietorship
without her consent or agreement.

8\. Thirdly, the parties disagreed on the ownership of the McBlue trademark.
The plaintiff argued that the first defendant had transferred her proprietary
interest in the trademark to him upon the dissolution of the partnership. In
support of this contention, he relied upon a letter from Grand Am to the
Inland Revenue Authority dated 25 November 1999, signed by both the first
defendant and himself, confirming that the business was to be transferred to
him on 31 December 1997 as a _going concern_. Therefore, the right to use and
to deal in any way with the McBlue trademark was vested in the plaintiff
absolutely. Further and in the alternative, even if the first defendant was
correct in claiming that she was still a co-owner of the trademark, what she
had was at best, a right to use the trademark for the sole purpose and benefit
of Grand Am under the 1992 Trademarks Act (Cap 332). This right was exceeded
when she authorized GA to market goods bearing the McBlue trademark. The first
defendant, in turn, relied upon the certificate issued by the Registry of
Trademarks to show that she remained as a joint proprietor of the trademark
even after the dissolution of the partnership. The trademark was personal and
not partnership property. Furthermore, there was no evidence to show that she
had assigned her equal undivided interest in the trademark to the plaintiff.
Therefore she was entitled, in accordance with s 37 of the Trademarks Act
(1999 ed) (the Act), to use and to authorize GA to deal in goods bearing the
McBlue trademark.

_

  
The issues

_

9\. I was of the view that only the first and third points were relevant
towards the determination of the essential issue in this application which
was, whether the plaintiff is entitled to permanently injunct the defendants
from dealing with and in goods bearing the McBlue trademark. I shall not
concern myself with determining the validity of the counterclaims that the
first defendant had raised against the plaintiff in the main suit. Limiting
myself to this present application, the following issues hence fell to be
determined:

(a) whether the trademark was partnership or personal property;

(b) the consequences of the dissolution of the partnership and its effect upon
ownership of the trademark;

(c) whether there was infringement of the trademark by the defendants.

10\. The situation was slightly complicated by the fact that the Register of
Trademarks continues, even after the dissolution of the partnership, to
reflect both the plaintiff and the first defendant as the joint proprietors of
the trademark. In addition, the 1992 Trademarks Act under which the trademark
was originally registered, was replaced by the Act which provided for a scheme
of co-ownership substantially different from the previous position. With this
in mind, I shall now take each issue in turn.

_

  
Was the trademark partnership or personal property?

_

11\. Section 20(1) of the Partnership Act (Cap 391) states that

> All property and rights and interests in property originally brought into
> the partnership stock or acquired, whether by purchase or otherwise, on
> account of the firm, or for the purposes and in the course of the
> partnership business, are called in this Act _partnership property_ , and
> must be held and applied by the partners exclusively for the purposes of the
> partnership and in accordance with the partnership agreement (_emphasis
> added_).

It seemed clear to me that the trademark was, prior to the dissolution of the
partnership, partnership property. Several factors pointed towards this
conclusion. First the certificate of registration was granted to "Ng Chu Chong
and Ng Swee Choon _trading as Grand Am_ " as opposed to both of them
individually. The applicable Act at the time when the trademark was first
registered in 1987 and then renewed for another 10 years in 1994 was the 1992
Trademarks Act. It bears remembering that under the 1992 Trademarks Act, co-
ownership of registered trademarks was closely circumscribed. Section 12(12)
stated that two or more persons who use or propose to use a trademark
independently cannot be registered as joint proprietors of the trademark. The
only exception to this general principle was s 12(11). Section 12(11) made it
clear that co-ownership is only allowed under the Act if the "_relations
between two or more persons interested in a trademark are such that no one of
them is entitled as between himself and the other or others to use the
trademark except on behalf of both or all of them or in relation to goods or
services with which both or all of them are connected in the course of trade_
". Trademarks could only be registered in joint names when the parties are in
partnership with one another. Therefore there was a strong inference that the
trademark was partnership as opposed to personal, property.

12\. Secondly, the trademark was created and registered after the formation of
the partnership. It was also evident that the common intention of the parties
at that time was to use the McBlue trademark on the fashion apparel produced
or imported by Grand Am. This much was admitted by the first defendant when
she said that the trademark was created by her for the partnership. The
trademark was hence prima facie a property interest that was acquired for the
purposes and in the course of the partnership business. Thirdly, the fact that
the trademark was not registered solely in the name of Grand Am was merely a
consequence of the well established legal principle that the partnership, as
opposed to a company, is not recognized as a distinct legal entity but as an
aggregate of its partners. The partnership cannot hold property separately in
its own name, but must do so via its partners collectively (see _Alagappa
Chettiar v Coliseum Caf_ [1962] 28 MLJ 11). This however, was not to be
interpreted as evidence that the trademark was granted to the parties
_individually in equal shares_ as opposed to the partnership.

_

  
The first defendant’s withdrawal from the partnership

_

13\. I had accepted the plaintiff’s version of the facts, that an agreement
had been reached between the parties to transfer the first defendant’s share
of the partnership to him. The change in the status of the business from a
partnership to a sole-proprietorship was evidenced in Registry Of Businesses
searches upon Grand Am and also in a letter to IRAS dated 25 November 1999.
This particular letter was signed by both the plaintiff and the first
defendant and made explicit reference to the transfer of the business to the
plaintiff as a going concern.

14\. In addition, I noted from the counterclaim that the first defendant was
also seeking the recovery of $91,614.70, which she alleged was the sum that
the plaintiff had agreed to pay for her share of the partnership. There was an
apparent contradiction in her testimony. Assuming for the present application,
that the first defendant was indeed entitled to recover this amount of money
for her share of the partnership upon dissolution, it did not then lie in her
month to assert that there was _never_ any agreement to transfer the
partnership. I was of the view that this was clear evidence of a pre-existing
agreement between the parties whereby all the assets and liabilities of the
partnership were to be transferred to the plaintiff upon the dissolution of
the partnership. It was unclear whether or not this sum of money was
eventually paid to the first defendant. The first defendant claimed that it
was never paid. Conversely, this point was neither admitted nor denied by the
plaintiff in his pleadings save that he would contest the point in the main
trial. However I felt that this was probably irrelevant; in my view whether or
not the plaintiff had ‘cheated’ the first defendant of her share of the
partnership business did not in any way detract from the existence of such an
agreement, but rather supported it.

15\. The credibility of the plaintiff’s evidence was further bolstered by the
fact that there was ample evidence of the existence of the second part of the
bargain between the parties i.e. that the first defendant was to remain with
Grand Am as an employee. In a supplier account form with Isetan, the second
defendant described himself and the first defendant as the employees of the
plaintiff trading as Grand Am. There were also numerous Forms IR8A (return of
employee’s remuneration) filed by the first and second defendants from 1998 –
2000 and receipts of employer’s CPF contributions detailing the first and
second defendants as the employees of Grand Am from January to April 2001.
Lastly, in the statement of affairs filed by the first and second defendants
in their bankruptcies, both described themselves as the employees of the
plaintiff trading as Grand Am. The first defendant had in her Official
Assignee Declaration, also stated unequivocally that she no longer had any
assets in the business of Grand Am. Hence, all the cumulative evidence
strongly suggested that there was such an agreement between the parties for
the transfer of the first defendant’s share in the partnership to the
plaintiff, pursuant to which she had divested her interest in the partnership
prior to the bankruptcy order.

16\. Prior to the dissolution of a partnership, each of the partners i.e. the
plaintiff and the first defendant has a proprietary interest in each and every
asset. However the plaintiff has no entitlement to claim any particular item
of property as his own in the absence of some contrary agreement (see
_Rodriguez v Speyer Brothers_ [1919] AC 59 and _Burdett-Coutts v Inland
Revenue Commissioner_ [1960] 1 WLR 1027).

17\. The position changes when the partnership is terminated. Upon a general
dissolution, each of the partners is entitled to receive that amount which,
after accounting for the firm’s debts and liabilities, turn out to be due to
them respectively (see s 39 Partnership Act [Cap 391]). The position is
similar with respect to the trademark which is partnership property. I need
only refer to Lindley & Banks on Partnership (17 ed) at para 3-20, it states:-

> If on a dissolution all the partners are equally entitled to the goodwill of
> a firm, they cannot even by agreement, insist on a trade or service mark
> belonging to a firm being registered in their respective names. If they
> cannot agree to vest the trade or service mark in one or more of themselves
> (jointly if more than one), it must be realised for the benefit of all the
> partners.

18\. On the facts of this case, upon the withdrawal of the first defendant
from the partnership on the 31 December 1997, the partnership was wound up and
ceased to exist. This was not due to the operation of s 33 of the Partnership
Act which provides that the bankruptcy of a partner ipso facto dissolves the
firm, but rather was a result of s 2 of the Act which made it impossible for a
partnership to exist when there was only one remaining partner left. The
rights of the first defendant to an account hence arose. Therefore _prima
facie_ , the trademark forming part of the pool of partnership assets would
have to be realised for the benefit of all the partners. However, there was
also in place at the same time, an agreement between the parties that the
first defendant would transfer her share in the partnership to the plaintiff’s
sole-proprietorship in consideration for the re-payment of $91,614.70 and the
promise of continued employment with Grand Am. This agreement would naturally
include the rights over the trademark, that being partnership property. I was
therefore of the view that, the ownership rights over the McBlue trademark
were also transferred to the plaintiff pursuant to the agreement. In other
words, as from the date of dissolution of the partnership on 31 December 1997,
the rights in the trademark became vested in the plaintiff.

19\. My conclusion was unaffected by the fact that the certificate of
registration was not rectified and continued to show the first defendant as a
joint proprietor of the trademark; neither was there an assignment of the
first defendant’s rights over the trademark to the plaintiff. However I
thought that these omissions were probably due to inadvertence as well as to
the close familial relationship between both parties. Further, I also noted
that the last time when the certificate was renewed was sometime in September
1994 when the parties were still in partnership and on amicable terms with
each other. There was hence no cause for rectification of the certificate in
1994\. The parties also probably omitted to rectify the register when the
partnership was subsequently dissolved or thought that there was no such need
to do so since the registration would only be good till 2004. In any case, I
thought that it was clear from the facts that the parties intended for the
first defendant to transfer her share in the partnership to the plaintiff.

_

  
Infringement of trademark

_

20\. Having found as I did that the trademark was partnership property and
that it had been transferred to the plaintiff (or the sole-proprietorship)
upon the dissolution of the partnership in 1997, it remained for me to
consider whether there had been an infringement of the trademark to justify
the granting of the injunctions sought.

21\. Section 26 of the Act states that only the proprietor has the exclusive
rights to use the trademark and to authorize other persons to use the
trademark in relation to those goods or services for which the trademark is
registered. Section 27 goes further to specify the acts amounting to
infringement of a registered trademark. In general, a person is said to have
infringed another’s trademark when he uses the trademark in the course of
trade in relation to the goods or services for which the trademark is
registered or when he authorized other persons to do so without the consent of
the proprietor. If I am correct in holding that the plaintiff was from 1998
onwards, the sole-proprietor of the McBlue trademark, it seemed clear that the
first defendant (together with the other defendants) had infringed his
trademark by offering for sale under the business of GA, goods and apparel
bearing the McBlue trademark which are not of the plaintiff’s manufacture or
origin. The plaintiff was able to provide the court with copies of invoices
and other supporting documents for goods bearing the McBlue trademark for the
account of GA rather than Grand Am. There was also evidence that the first and
second defendants had been corresponding with the suppliers of Grand Am but
ordering goods and apparel for GA’s account.

22\. Consequently, the defence of the first defendant (that she was entitled
as a joint proprietor to authorise GA to purchase and deal with goods bearing
the McBlue trademark) must fail. Similarly, even if I accepted as true that
the first and second defendants were employed on a free-lance basis by the
plaintiff and could do whatever they wished, this did not mean that they were
entitled to use the trademark for their own benefit to the detriment of Grand
Am when the first defendant no longer had any interest in the trademark.

_

  
Conclusion

_

23\. I was of the view that the plaintiff was entitled to protect his
trademark and prevent other persons from using or otherwise dealing in it. I
therefore allowed the Order 14 application and granted the following orders:

(a) That the defendants whether acting by itself or themselves, jointly or
severally or by their servants, agents or anyone over whom they exert power or
control of any of them or otherwise howsoever be restrained from importing,
exporting, ordering, purchasing, offering for sale, selling, supplying,
distributing, disposing of or parting with possession of or otherwise
howsoever dealing in or with the McBlue trademark or any other products not of
the plaintiff’s manufacture or origin bearing the McBlue trademark or words
visually or phonetically similar thereto; or otherwise howsoever infringing
the plaintiff’s registered Trade Mark No, 4380/87.

(b) That the defendants deliver up within 30 days all goods and materials
which would offend the injunction granted under prayer (a) and the defendants
to verify on oath such deliveries up, including goods or materials consigned
to department stores and other outlets.

(c) An order for discovery relating to orders (a) and (b).

(d) An inquiry as to damages; notice of assessment to be filed by the
plaintiff after discovery and within 14 days of the date of application, and

(e) Costs to be taxed unless otherwise agreed.

However, so as not to prejudice the defendants on their counterclaim, I also
ordered early trial dates for the same.

Sgd:

LAI SIU CHIU  
JUDGE

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

