Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chan Mei Yoong Letticia v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 92

Case Number | : | MA 283/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 April 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Quek Mong Hua and Julian Tay Wei Loong (Lee & Lee) for the appellant; Ng Cheng Thiam (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Chan Mei Yoong Letticia — Public Prosecutor   
  
Immigration – Employment – Illegal immigrant – Appellant charged with
employing immigration offender – Whether prosecution discharged burden of
proving illegal entry of immigrant – Whether appellant employer of immigrant –
Whether appellant exercised due diligence to ascertain validity of work permit
– ss 6(1)(c), 57(1)(e), 57(1)(ii), 57(9), 57(10) Immigration Act (Cap 133,
1997 Ed)  
  
Evidence – Weight of evidence – Illegal entry – Arrest of immigrant possessing
no valid travel documents – Conviction for illegal entry – Appellant charged
with employing immigration offender – Immigrant as prosecution witness
testifying to legal entry – Whether trial judge's finding of illegal entry
against weight of evidence  
  
Evidence – Weight of evidence – Employment of immigrant – Prosecution
witnesses testifying appellant employer of illegal immigrant – Appellant
challenging credibility of prosecution witnesses – Testimonial of appellant's
good character – Whether court should overturn trial judge's assessment of
witnesses' credibility – Whether testimonial of assistance – Whether trial
judge's finding that appellant employer against weight of evidence  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Jurisdiction – Appellate – Findings of fact by trial
judge – Whether appellate court should overturn findings  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Penalties – Employment of
immigration offender – Whether sentence of 12 months' imprisonment manifestly
excessive – s 57(1)(e) Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Ed)  
  

**Judgment**

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

The appellant, Chan Mei Yong Letticia was charged with an offence under s
57(1)(e) of the Immigration Act, Cap 133 ("the Act") and punishable under s
57(1)(ii) thereof for employing one Kamruzman @ Farouk, an immigration
offender. The district judge convicted her of the charge and sentenced her to
12 months’ imprisonment. The appellant has appealed against her conviction and
sentence.

_

  
The undisputed facts

_2\. The appellant was the managing director of a company known as Yuen
Catering Services Pte Ltd ("Yuen Catering"), which operated a restaurant along
Upper East Coast Road. Previously, she had been a chef at Goodwood Park Hotel
from 1985 to about 1994. In the course of her work as a chef, she got to know
a subordinate, Rosalind Yeo Good Lian ("Rosalind") with whom she became good
friends._

_ 3\. In 1998, the appellant was introduced to one Mr Teo Hock Seng ("Mr
Teo"), the managing director of Komoco Holdings Pte Ltd ("Komoco") by a
friend, Margaret Chong Yin Fun ("Margaret") who worked as a sales manager at
Komoco. Mr Teo offered the appellant the opportunity to operate a canteen at
Komoco’s premises situated at 253, Alexandra Road, Komoco Property Building
("the canteen").

4\. Subsequently, the appellant met Rosalind by chance at the carpark of
Goodwood Park Hotel. Rosalind told the appellant that she was unhappy working
at the hotel and wanted a change of environment. The appellant informed her of
the opportunity to operate a canteen business at Komoco.__

5\. In due course, a licence was obtained by Yuen Catering to run the canteen
at Komoco. In or about October 1998, the canteen commenced its operations,
with both Chinese and Muslim food being available. Rosalind was working at the
canteen right from the beginning. In January 1999, the appellant started
working at the canteen as a cook for the Chinese food and remained until 19
October 2000. A Muslim cook, Jamaldin Miah Bin Brahim Miah ("Jamal") was hired
sometime in December 1999. During the period from October 1999 to 19 October
2000 one Kamruzman @ Farouk ("Farouk"), a Bangladeshi, was working at the
canteen as a cleaner. He was arrested on 19 October 2000 by officers from the
Ministry of Manpower when he was found without valid travel documents. He
pleaded guilty and was convicted of the charge of entering into Singapore
illegally, in contravention of s 6(1)(c) of the Act. A sentence of one month’s
imprisonment and four strokes of the cane was imposed on him and he had since
served the sentence.__

  
The case for the prosecution

6\. It is the prosecution’s case that the appellant was the owner or operator
of the canteen and that she had employed Farouk, an immigration offender,
without ever having seen either a passport or a genuine work permit.

7\. During the trial, Farouk testified that he had gone to the canteen on a
Friday in the afternoon at about 2-3 pm, though he could not remember exactly
which date it was, to enquire about a job advertised in the newspaper. When he
arrived, Rosalind was at the cash counter and asked him to take a seat first,
as she was busy. When she was free, she came over to where he was seated and
queried whether he knew what the job was about. Then Rosalind went into the
kitchen to call the appellant. Both the appellant and Rosalind were present at
the interview even though it was the appellant who did most of the talking.
The appellant asked Farouk whether he had a work permit, to which he replied
‘yes’. After the interview, the appellant told Farouk to leave behind his
contact number and that she would call him if she needed him. The following
Monday, Farouk received a page asking him to go down to the canteen. When he
arrived, he reported to Rosalind, who confirmed that someone had paged him to
go to work and directed him to the kitchen. On the same day, he showed a
photocopy of a work permit to Rosalind who took down some particulars. This
work permit was not shown to the appellant. He further testified that it was
the appellant who told him that his salary was to be $900 a month and about
his duties which involved cutting the vegetables, washing the dishes and
cleaning the canteen at the end of every working day. She was also the one who
later raised his salary to $1000 a month. In his opinion, the appellant was
the person in charge of the canteen. She would be at the canteen from 8.00 –
8.30 am in the morning to about 3 – 3.30 pm in the afternoon. In many matters
pertaining to work, she was to be approached. In fact, he had seen Rosalind
approaching the appellant several times for instructions. He considered
Rosalind the manager who tended to the cash counter and dealt with workers’
salaries.__

8\. Rosalind gave evidence of her duties at the canteen, which involved
fronting the cash counter and sometimes serving food. She was also responsible
for taking stock and ordering through suppliers. Her responsibilities,
however, did not involve any hiring or firing of staff. The agreement with the
appellant initially with respect to the canteen business was that Rosalind was
to have a salary of $2000 and a 50%-50% profit sharing arrangement. Her
employer was Yuen Catering and she received CPF contributions. Although
Rosalind considered herself a part-owner of the canteen at the beginning,
subsequently, she found that she was not a part-owner as she did not have the
final say and the appellant had to be consulted for her approval on matters
pertaining to the canteen. The vegetable and meat suppliers had to be approved
by the appellant. Two employees were dismissed at the direction of the
appellant. Advertisements for workers were also put up in accordance with the
appellant’s wishes. Rosalind further testified that, when Jamal came looking
for work in response to an advertisement, Rosalind had to interview him
because the appellant was busy in the kitchen. When Jamal had asked for a
higher salary than that of the previous Muslim cook, Rosalind had to go to the
kitchen and ask the appellant, who agreed to pay the higher salary.__

9\. According to Rosalind, the staff at Komoco would pay using coupons while
non-staff had to pay in cash. She would collect the coupons, compile them, put
up a claim and pass them to the accounts department of Komoco so that they
could make a cheque payment to Yuen Catering. As for the cash, she would
collect it and keep it until the end of every month, before doing up the
accounts and statements and passing the cash to the appellant. The $800 she
collected every month from the Muslim stall at the canteen for use of premises
and cleaning services would be put in monthly accounts and given to the
appellant. Subsequently, the handling of accounts was taken over by the
appellant.__

10\. On the day that Farouk approached her for a job, she had asked him
whether he knew what he was supposed to do in the job. When she asked him for
his IC and he replied that he was not a local, she went to look for the
appellant who later interviewed him. After the interview, she was informed by
the appellant that Farouk would be hired. Rosalind could not recall whether
Farouk showed her any documents on the day he reported for work. Nevertheless,
she recalled that she had seen a photocopied work permit sometime in October
2000. At that time, the appellant wanted her to check on Farouk’s work permit.
Rosalind took down particulars and asked for his agent’s telephone number. She
tried calling his agent several times but to no avail. Before she could follow
up on the matter, Farouk was arrested on 19 October 2000. __

11\. Mr Teo confirmed that, as far as the company was concerned, the operator
of the canteen was the appellant. He would deal with the appellant if there
were complaints about food quality and service. In the early stages of the
canteen’s operations, he would go there regularly to see if everything was in
order. The appellant introduced him to Rosalind and told him that Rosalind was
to be in charge if she was not around. Fortunately, the appellant was around
most of the time. As operations went on, he checked with the appellant as to
how the canteen was doing as he did not want them to be out of pocket. When
the appellant informed him that a lot of staff were not using the canteen, he
and the appellant decided to give food coupons to the staff to encourage them
to eat at the canteen. Payments were to be made out by cheque by Komoco to
Yuen Catering in exchange for the coupons. __

12\. Two other prosecution witnesses were the officers from the Ministry of
Manpower who arrested Farouk, Mr Chang Kwee Huan ("Mr Chang") and Mr Law Boon
Seng ("Mr Law"). On the day of the arrest, when the two officers were at the
canteen, Farouk had identified the appellant as his boss. When they asked for
the owner/operator of the canteen, the appellant stepped forward and
identified herself as such. When asked whether Farouk was her worker, she
replied that he was. Mr Chang rejected the suggestion that they had asked
merely for a representative of Yuen Catering. Mr Law could not recall whether
the phrase ‘licensed operator’ was used that day but recalled clearly that he
had used either the term ‘owner’ or ‘operator’. Upon the officers’ request to
see the particulars of Farouk, the appellant had instructed Rosalind to get
the relevant clear folder for the information.__

13\. The prosecution also relied on two statements of the appellant recorded
by Sgt Chua Ban Kheng ("Sgt Chua"). The first was a long statement recorded on
23 October 2000 and 21 February 2001 pursuant to s121 of the Criminal
Procedure Code. In the statement, the appellant acknowledged herself to be the
"assigned operator" of the canteen and that she had employed Rosalind as her
canteen manager and Farouk as her cleaner. Her cautioned statement recorded on
21 March 2001 read as follows :__

> I am sorry for committing the offence. I should have check the worker myself
> than to rely on my assistance to do it. I know that I was wrong and hope for
> leniency.

_

  
The defence

_

14\. The defence’s arguments were mainly that the prosecution had failed to
discharge its burden of proof in respect of the charge and, secondly, that the
appellant was not the owner of the canteen but Rosalind was. The first
argument arose as a result of Farouk giving evidence at the trial that he had
entered into Singapore legally with a passport and a pass although he could
not remember how many days were given to him in the pass. The defence alleged
that, as a result of Farouk’s testimony, the charge that the appellant
employed a person who had entered into Singapore without being in possession
of a valid pass had no underlying or supporting factual basis.

15\. The appellant gave evidence that she was not really interested in running
the canteen when approached by Mr Teo as she was not in good health. She had
always been very close to Rosalind and treated her like a daughter. When she
met Rosalind by chance in 1998 and was told that she was unhappy working at
the hotel, she wanted to help Rosalind out by getting her started in the
canteen business. She herself would only be in charge of getting the licence
since Rosalind could not obtain a licence on her own. In the first few months,
she would go to the canteen once or twice a week so that she could see that
the canteen was clean and that there would not be any complaints about her
licence with the Ministry of Environment. She did not get any part of the
takings in those months. Subsequently, when Rosalind could not find a suitable
cook to replace the previous one, the appellant stepped in as their cook and
agreed to a salary of $2000 offered by Rosalind. Subsequently Rosalind offered
50% of the takings of the canteen to Yuen Catering. The appellant’s role was
mainly that of the cook and, as the cook, she would list the supplies needed
for the next day so that Rosalind could order them. Rosalind, on the other
hand, took care of everything else such as finances, staff, and supplies. Some
of the invoices of the suppliers were in fact addressed to Rosalind. When
cheques from Komoco were banked in by the appellant, she would give Rosalind
the money minus any deductions required for CPF contributions, licence fee and
anything else to be paid by Yuen Catering. Rosalind would consult the
appellant on various matters such as whether the salaries for the workers were
suitable. This was because, as the appellant had her own restaurant, she would
be familiar with the market rates. Other than coming out of the kitchen
occasionally to view the suitability of a cook in terms of cooking skills and
how well he could get along with her, the appellant was not involved with any
interviews conducted by Rosalind. Mr Teo’s constant liaison on matters of the
canteen with the appellant was caused by his impression of her as the person
running the canteen.

16\. The advertisement for a cleaner was not put up at the appellant’s
direction. Rather, it was a suggestion from her when Rosalind ran into
difficulty in getting a kitchen helper verbally. The appellant insisted that
she was not around on the day that Farouk was interviewed. She first saw him
only on the first day that he reported to work. Rosalind had mentioned that a
new kitchen helper was coming and, since the appellant was the only one around
that early in the morning when he came, he asked her for instructions as to
what to do. When Rosalind arrived to work later that morning, the appellant
mentioned to her "Bangledeshi eh? Got work permit or not?". Rosalind then
showed her a green-coloured card with Farouk’s photo. The appellant cautioned
Rosalind to check on the green card. Rosalind would normally check the
identity cards of Singaporeans who came to ask for work. The appellant left it
to Rosalind to conduct the checks. Apart from working as a cook, the appellant
was not concerned with other aspects of the canteen and would usually leave
the canteen between 12 – 1 pm as she was needed at her own restaurant along
Upper East Cosat Road as a nonya cook.

17\. On the day of Farouk’s arrest, the appellant was in the kitchen. She came
out upon being asked by one of the Komoco staff. The officers asked who was
the licensed operator and the appellant replied that it was her. She recalled
that Farouk pointed her out as the boss but could not remember much else as
she was feeling very disturbed.

18\. As for the police statements, the appellant maintained that there were
many inaccuracies. She had highlighted the portions which were inaccurate to
the court below. The appellant’s explanation for the inaccuracies was that she
had wanted to help Rosalind. Rosalind was very worried and had pleaded with
the appellant not to get her into trouble. The appellant had thought that the
punishment for the offence would only be a fine and, as such, she would be in
a better position to own up to the offence and just pay the fine. It was only
after speaking to a lawyer that she discovered the severity of the offence and
she wanted the truth to be out.

19\. The rest of the defence witnesses called were Margaret and Jamal.
Margaret bore witness that she was introduced to Rosalind by the appellant.
The appellant had also informed her that Rosalind would be the one who would
be running the daily affairs of the canteen. Even though she did not know the
exact relationship between the appellant and Rosalind, her impression was
that, at the very least, Rosalind was a partner who could decide on
operational matters. Rosalind was the contact person to her, which was why she
dealt with Rosalind personally on a number of matters, such as the prices and
format of staff coupons and the occasional tea arrangements to cater for
finger food, coffee and tea. As for Jamal, he testified that he considered
Rosalind his boss and the appellant as his colleague. Rosalind was the one who
gave him his salary and granted his salary advances. When he first came
looking for a job, it was Rosalind who interviewed him. During the interview,
he had asked for a higher salary and Rosalind went somewhere else first before
coming back and agreeing to the higher salary that he had asked for.

_

  
The decision below

_20\. The prosecution had sought to admit the cautioned statement of the
appellant to cross-examine her on inconsistencies in the statement with her
evidence in court. Based on certain allegations made by the appellant against
Sgt Chua regarding the recording of the cautioned statement, such as Sgt Chua
not having explained the punishment provision to her and telling her that she
would get a jail sentence if she did not sign the statement, the district
judge ordered a voir dire to determine its admissibility. At the end of the
voir dire, the statement was admitted as the district judge was satisfied as
to the voluntariness of the statement._

_ 21\. Farouk had already been convicted of a charge under s 6(1)(c) of the
Act for illegal entry into Singapore. In the district judge’s view, even
though Farouk stated during the trial that he had entered Singapore with a
Bangladeshi passport, there was no evidence that the passport actually
belonged to him, was valid and consequently a valid pass was issued to him.
Doubt could not be thrown on his conviction as he did not even know the length
of the alleged pass issued to him, and no longer possessed his passport. As
such, it was held that his conviction stood as proof beyond reasonable doubt
of his immigration status at that time._

_ 22\. At the conclusion of the trial, the district judge was convinced that
the evidence showed that it was the appellant who controlled the business and
that Rosalind was an employee of Yuen Catering, despite the profit sharing
arrangement. The appellant was the one who was offered the opportunity to
operate the canteen by Mr Teo. Then Yuen Catering obtained the licence for the
canteen and cheques were made out monthly by Komoco to Yuen Catering. The
appellant was at the canteen for substantial periods of time each day and her
advice and approval were sought on matters relating to the canteen. The
district judge found it unbelievable that the appellant who was more
experienced in doing business, certainly more so than Rosalind, would allow
Yuen Catering to be used solely in name only, without any agreement as to the
returns and without any control over the business at all. The evidence of
Margaret and Jamal was also dismissed by the district judge as not going very
far to support the appellant's version of the facts but only showing that
Rosalind was very much involved in the operations of the canteen, a point
which was not in dispute._

_ 23\. In holding that the control over Farouk clearly constituted employment
by the appellant within the meaning of the Act, the district judge accepted
the evidence of the two main prosecution witnesses, namely Farouk and Rosalind
that it was the appellant who interviewed Farouk, decided to hire him, briefed
him about his duties and decided the amount of his salary. The appellant was
also the one who gave Farouk instructions and orders about his work._

_ 24\. The district judge found supporting evidence for holding that the
appellant was the employer of Farouk in the appellant’s statements to the
police and in her reaction when confronted by Mr Chang and Mr Law on the day
of Farouk's arrest. The district judge disbelieved that the appellant had all
along thought that the punishment was merely a fine since the punishment
provision was set out after the charge, and the appellant was able to read it.
There was also much publicity in the local media regarding the severity of
employing illegal immigrants and the appellant could not have been oblivious
to it, considering that she was experienced in doing business. Furthermore, if
she had indeed thought all along that only a mere fine would be imposed, she
could have offered simply to pay the fine for Rosalind, instead of adopting
such a convoluted manner of 'confessing' and lying to the police about her
committing the offence. __

25\. When Mr Chang and Mr Law had asked who was the owner/operator, she had
stepped forward and identified herself as the owner/operator, even though
Rosalind was present. The district judge did not believe that the appellant
had only stepped forward upon hearing the term 'licensed operator'. First, it
would be strange for the officers to use such an 'unwieldy' term as ‘licensed
operator’ and, secondly, it was indeed surprising that the appellant could
remember this term so clearly, especially since she could not give a clear
account of the events and provided an unsatisfactory explanation that she was
confused. When asked for Farouk's details, she had instructed Rosalind to
retrieve a clear folder containing the information, showing that she had
authority over Rosalind.

26\. The appellant had conceded that she knew that a foreigner's status in
Singapore must be legal before he could be employed. The district judge
concluded that this meant that the appellant knew that she must be careful
about Farouk's immigration status as he was clearly a foreigner. She should
have been put on the alert as to why Farouk should need to seek alternative
employment with the work permit. Yet, at all times, there was a photocopied
work permit that the appellant could have seen, and it did not even bear the
name of 'Farouk'. The district judge was of the view that, at the very least,
there were reasonable grounds for the appellant to believe that Farouk was an
immigration offender. The appellant should have asked for an original work
permit, passport or any other original documents, quite apart from knowing
about or seeing a photocopied work permit. Even if the appellant’s claim that
she had seen the original work permit could be accepted, the district judge
held that the appellant’s evidence still fell far short of what was required
to mount a successful defence in law.

_

  
The appeal

_27\. Before me, counsel for the appellant raised broadly two grounds of
appeal : first, the district judge had erred in not appreciating that the
prosecution had failed to prove an essential ingredient of the charge, namely,
that Farouk had entered into Singapore without being in possession of a valid
pass and, secondly, based on the evidence, the district judge was wrong to
find that the appellant was the owner of the canteen and the employer of
Farouk._

  
Whether the prosecution had discharged its burden of proof with respect to an
essential ingredient of the charge

_28\. The appellant was charged with employing a person who had entered
Singapore without being in possession of a valid pass in contravention of s
6(1)(c) of the Act. The main thrust of the appellant’s argument was that since
Farouk, a prosecution witness himself, had given evidence at the trial below
that he in fact entered Singapore legally through Changi Airport with a
Bangladeshi passport and a social visit pass, the charge against the appellant
was not made out by the prosecution. The district judge was wrong, to prefer,
without more, the prosecution’s reliance on the mere fact of Farouk’s
conviction in an earlier and separate proceeding. __

29\. With respect, I am unable to agree with counsel for the appellant. It is
pertinent to note that, even though Farouk had mentioned that he entered
Singapore with a Bangladeshi passport, there was no further elaboration other
than he could not remember the length of his pass. There was no evidence that
the passport and the pass were actually valid and belonged to Farouk. In the
absence of such evidence, the district judge was entitled to draw the
appropriate inferences that he had entered into Singapore illegally, having
regard to other evidence available to her, namely his conviction and the fact
that he was found without _any_ valid documents whatsoever in his possession
on the day of his arrest. Besides, there is no rule of law which requires the
testimony of a witness to be believed in its _entirety_ or not at all :_Jimina
Jacee d/o CA Athananasius v PP_[2001] 1 SLR 205 and _Sundara Moorthy
Lankatharan v PP_[1997] 3 SLR 464. The district judge was clearly entitled,
for good and cogent reasons, to reject this part of Farouk’s testimony that he
had entered Singapore legally, while accepting the rest of his evidence. I
should add that Farouk’s bare assertion of a legal entry into Singapore should
not be allowed to override his conviction, as this would be tantamount to
bringing a proper conviction by a court of law into question as being wrong
and bad in law through the back door. Since the district judge’s finding that
Farouk had entered Singapore illegally was not against the weight of evidence
and had been correctly arrived at, I am not minded to interfere with such a
finding.

_

  
Whether the appellant was the owner of the canteen and the employer of Farouk

_30\. It was contended by counsel for the appellant that the overall evidence
pointed towards Rosalind as the owner of the canteen instead of the appellant.
The district judge had not given due consideration to the explanations of the
appellant regarding her role in the canteen and her police statements.
Challenges were also made to the district judge’s assessment of the
credibility of the two main prosecution witnesses, Farouk and Rosalind. It was
argued that the district judge was wrong to accept their evidence that it was
the appellant who employed Farouk as there were material inconsistencies in
their testimony. It was further argued that the district judge was wrong in
not placing sufficient weight on a testimonial bearing out the appellant’s
good character.

31\. It is trite law that an appellate court will generally be reluctant to
overturn a trial judge’s findings of fact unless they are clearly reached
against the weight of the evidence as the trial judge has the benefit of
seeing and hearing the witnesses in court: _Cheong Choon Bin v PP_[2001] 4 SLR
190, _PP v Ng Ai Tiong_[2000] 1 SLR 454 and _Lim Ah Poh v PP_[1992] 1 SLR 713.
I see no reason to overturn the assessment by the district judge as to the
credibility of either the two main prosecution witnesses or the appellant.

32\. First, in this case, the district judge had, under the heading
"Credibility" in her grounds of decision, stated carefully her assessment of
the witnesses in court. The district judge found Rosalind to be honest and
forthright, even though it could not have been easy for her to testify against
the appellant, who was a mentor and friend. As for Farouk, he did not deny
that Roslind paid him his salary, gave him advances and instructed him from
time to time. He had already served his sentence and had no reason to frame
the appellant rather than Rosalind. The district judge found him to be a
reliable witness. On the other hand, although the district judge appreciated
that the appellant was generally of good character and was willing to help her
friends, the appellant was found to be an unreliable witness in her feeble
attempts to dissociate herself entirely from the canteen and to shift the
blame on Rosalind.

33\. Secondly, as for the alleged material inconsistencies in Farouk’s and
Rosalind’s testimony which were highlighted to me, I am of the view that the
district judge had put her mind to the inconsistencies and had rightly
satisfied herself that the inconsistencies did not affect the credibility of
either witness. As for the sighting of the work permit, it was Farouk’s
testimony that he showed the photocopied work permit to Rosalind on the first
day of work while Rosalind only recalled seeing the work permit in October
2000 shortly before his arrest. The district judge accepted that Rosalind
could have been mistaken about two similar incidents, considering that the
interview took place almost two years before the trial. In fact, the district
judge was of the view that such a discrepancy showed that the witnesses did
not collude in any way to frame the appellant. I might add that the
corroboration of the two prosecution witnesses that there was at all times
only a photocopied work permit made them out to be more reliable witnesses
than the appellant whose insistence on seeing a green-coloured work permit was
not in accordance with the objective facts and which, to me, was but a feeble
attempt to bolster her defence. It was most unlikely that Farouk would not
have handed over the green-coloured work permit to the officers from the
Ministry of Manpower, if there was indeed such a work permit in his
possession. As it was, he had stated that he was never in possession of such a
green-coloured work permit and all that he had was the photocopied work permit
bearing the name ‘Islam Abdul Hai’.

34\. Besides challenging the credibility of the prosecution witnesses, the
appellant was able to produce an impressive testimonial of good character from
a very distinguished and highly respected senior civil servant, who had known
her for 40 years, stating that it was totally out of character for the
appellant to have done anything illegal. Counsel for the appellant contended
that the district judge had erred in not placing adequate weight on the
testimonial and cited the case of _Tsang Kai Mong Elke v Public
Prosecutor_[1994] 1 SLR 651 in support of the principle that evidence of good
character is generally relevant to the credibility of an appellant as a
witness. While I did not doubt that the appellant was generally of good
character, she had been less than truthful and forthright with respect to a
number of matters such as the alleged green-coloured work permit and her
statements to the police. As such, the evidence of good character was rendered
of little assistance to the appellant in this case. I was of the view that the
district judge, in assessing the credibility of the appellant, was correct in
attaching little or no weight to the testimonial, so far as her credibility
was concerned.

35\. After having examined the evidence, I am of the view that there is also
no reason to overturn the district judge’s finding that the appellant was the
owner of the canteen who had employed Farouk as it had not been reached
against the weight of the evidence.

36\. In my opinion, the appellant's version of the story that she was in poor
health and did not want to run the canteen nor have anything to do with it did
not accord with the actual circumstances. The licence for the canteen was
obtained by the appellant in Yuen Catering's name. In the first few months,
the appellant was also at the canteen, sometimes once or twice a week. I am
not inclined to believe that this was because the appellant had merely wanted
to see that the canteen business got off to a right start for Rosalind and
that there would not be any complaints about the licence over cleanliness. The
actual fact remained that the appellant did not relinquish control over the
canteen business. When there were complaints about the quality of the food,
the appellant herself decided to take over as cook at the canteen. Mr Teo had
given testimony that it was the appellant that he was liasing with on matters
pertaining to the canteen. When Mr Teo was informed by the appellant that the
staff were not patronizing the canteen, both of them came up with the idea of
using coupons to encourage the staff to eat at the canteen. Both Rosalind and
Farouk had to take instructions from the appellant and the appellant's
approval was sought on many matters from the amount of salaries to be paid
right to who could be the meat and vegetable suppliers for the canteen.

37\. There was also objective evidence of Rosalind receiving CPF contributions
from Yuen Catering and cheques being made out by Komoco to Yuen Catering. No
satisfactory explanation was given as to why the cheques were made out to Yuen
Catering instead of Rosalind if indeed Rosalind was the owner of the canteen
business as the appellant claimed. The control that the appellant had over
Rosalind was obvious from the evidence of Mr Chang and Mr Law in that the
appellant stepped forward and acknowledged herself as the owner of the
canteen, even in the presence of Rosalind. When asked for Farouk's
particulars, the appellant had ordered Rosalind to retrieve the relevant
folder.

38\. Even though Margaret gave evidence that the appellant had told her that
Rosalind was running the daily affairs of the canteen, she confirmed that she
was not told further of the appellant having nothing to do with the
operations. Her impression was that Rosalind was at least a partner in the
operations. As with the district judge, I find that Margaret's testimony did
no more than to confirm that Rosalind was at the canteen, managing the day to
day affairs of the canteen, a role which was undisputed and in accordance with
Farouk's consideration of Rosalind as the manager of the canteen. As for
Jamal, his consideration of Rosalind as his boss and of the appellant as his
colleague could be caused by the impression that the appellant was working
alongside him in the kitchen, while Rosalind was manning the cash counter and
paying out the salaries. In any case, his evidence that Rosalind had gone off
somewhere before returning and agreeing to his request for a higher salary
corroborated Rosalind's testimony that she had gone to ask the appellant for
approval to pay the higher salary. The handing out of salaries and the
granting of salary advances were consistent with Rosalind’s role as a manager
while it was the appellant as the overall person in charge who approved the
amounts of salaries to be paid.

39\. As for the appellant's explanations for her categorical assertions in the
police statements that she was the owner of the canteen and that Farouk was a
cleaner who had been employed by her, counsel for the appellant urged me to
consider and construe them in their proper perspective. While I appreciated
the fact that Rosalind had spoken to the appellant and conveyed her worries
about getting into trouble, I am unable to believe that the appellant, in
stating that she was the employer of Farouk, was motivated by her desire to
help Rosalind. The statements given to the police were not entirely
incriminatory and there were some portions which appeared to be implicating
Rosalind in the offence, therefore such an explanation could not hold any
water. As for the appellant’s alleged mistaken impression that the offence
merely involved a fine, I find that to be even more unbelievable. Farouk was
arrested on 19 October 2000. The appellant's statements were recorded at three
different times over a period of about five months. It is unthinkable that in
this period of over five months, the appellant did not even bother to find out
what might be the consequences for employing illegal immigrants. In any event,
as the district judge stated, and I agree, the problem of illegal immigrants
has attracted widespread publicity in the local media and the appellant who
had been operating her own business for quite a number of years could not have
been ignorant about the severity of the offence. An examination of the charge
would also reveal that the appellant had put her signatures above as well as
below the provisions setting out the punishment in bold. The appellant should
have been able to read the provisions for herself. In any case, Sgt Chua gave
evidence in court that he had explained the punishment provisions to her. And
yet all that the appellant could say in her cautioned statement was that she
was sorry for committing the offence and that she knew she was wrong and hoped
for leniency.

40\. As the employer of Farouk, it is beyond doubt that the appellant fell far
short of the standard of due diligence required by ss 57(9) and (10) of the
Act which provide as follows :-

> (9)In any proceedings for an offence under subsection (1) (d) or (e), it
> shall not be a defence for the defendant to prove that the person harboured
> or employed by him was in possession of a pass or permit issued to the
> person under this Act or the regulations unless the defendant further proves
> that he had exercised due diligence to ascertain that the pass or permit was
> at the material time valid under this Act or the regulations.

> (10) For the purposes of subsection (9) —

> (a) a defendant who is charged with an offence under subsection (1)(d) shall
> not be deemed to have exercised due diligence unless the defendant —
>

>> (i) requires the person harboured by him to produce for his inspection the
original copy of the pass or permit or, where the pass or permit is endorsed
on the passport or travel document, that person"s passport or other travel
document;

>>

>> (ii) checks the pass or permit to ascertain that the particulars on the
passport of the person harboured by him materially correspond with the
particulars set out in the pass or permit; and

>>

>> (iii) where the name of the employer of the person harboured by him is
specified in the pass or permit, checks with the employer to verify that the
person is employed by the employer and that the particulars of that person
correspond with the records of the employer;

> (b) a defendant who is charged with an offence under subsection (1)(e) shall
> not be deemed to have exercised due diligence unless the defendant —

> > (i) requires the person employed by him to produce for his inspection the
> original copy of the pass or permit or, where the pass or permit is endorsed
> on the passport or travel document, that person"s passport or other travel
> document;
>>

>> (ii) checks the pass or permit to ascertain that the particulars on the
passport of the person employed by him materially correspond with the
particulars set out in the pass or permit; and

>>

>> (iii) where the person employed by him is a holder of a visit pass, has
reasonable grounds for believing that the person had, at the material time, in
force a work permit issued under the Employment of Foreign Workers Act (Cap
91A) or had obtained the written consent of the Controller to work in
Singapore.

41\. Farouk had told the appellant that he had a work permit but she had never
even asked to see it once. If the appellant had viewed the photocopied work
permit, she would have realised that the work permit bore the name of ‘Islam
Abdul Hai’ instead and that the holder of the work permit was permitted to
work only as a construction worker. On one hand, she conceded that she knew
that a foreigner’s status must be legal before he could be employed and, on
the other hand, she did not bother at all to perform the necessary checks on
his immigration status by asking for original documents and verifying
particulars. Even if she had relied on Rosalind to perform the checks for her,
this would not exonerate her of any liability because the duty imposed by the
Act on an employer to exercise due diligence to ensure that his employee is
not an illegal worker is a non-delegable responsibility : _Cheong Choon Bin v
PP_[2001] 4 SLR 190.

_

  
Conclusion

_

42 In my view, the case against the appellant was made out beyond a reasonable
doubt, having regard to the totality of the evidence. As for the sentence, the
district judge, in imposing a sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment, took into
account the impressive testimonial of the appellant’s good character but had
to be mindful of the current robust sentencing approach to cases under s
57(1)(e) of the Act. I do not think that the sentence imposed was manifestly
excessive, having regard to the tariff sentence usually imposed in cases of
this nature, even for a first offender. Accordingly, I dismiss the appeal and
affirm the conviction and sentence.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW  
Chief Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Apr 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

