Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Forward Food Management Pte Ltd and Another v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 46

Case Number | : | MA 244/ 2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 March 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Uthayasurian Sidambaram (Surian & Partners) for the appellants; Christina Koh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Forward Food Management Pte Ltd; Another — Public Prosecutor   
  
Immigration – Employment – Foreign worker – Work permit stipulating employment
as 'Waiter/Waitress Supervisor' – Whether employers in breach of condition by
employing worker as stall supervisor – Whether term 'waiter' ambiguous –
Whether dictionary meaning appropriate – Whether strict construction rule
applicable – Whether conviction acceptable as Ministry of Manpower contributed
to confusion  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Construction of statute – Whether strict
construction rule for penal statutes applicable to executive orders and
conditions – Proper approach to construction of penal provisions  
  
Words and Phrases – "waiter"  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

_**

Introduction**_

This was an appeal from the decision of the district court convicting the
first appellant, Forward Food Management Pte Ltd ("Forward Food") and the
second appellant, Tan Hwee Kiang ("Tan"), of employing a foreigner, one Kuan
Chwi Mei ("Kuan") otherwise than in accordance with the conditions stipulated
in her work permit. This is an offence under s 5(3) of the Employment of
Foreign Workers Act (Cap 91A) (the "Act") and punishable under s 22(2) of the
Act. After considering the submissions and evidence before him, the district
judge held that Kuan had been employed by the appellants for work other than
as a "Waiter Supervisor/Waitress Supervisor", as provided in her work permit,
and accordingly sentenced the appellants to a fine of $2,500 each. The
appellants appealed against their conviction as well as their sentence. After
hearing arguments from counsel, I allowed the appellants’ appeals against
their conviction and now set out the reasons for my decision.

_**

  
The facts

**_

2 The facts relevant to this appeal were not in dispute. On 16 January 2001,
officers from the Ministry of Manpower conducted a raid at a food court outlet
at Causeway Point, which was allegedly owned by a company known as The Chef's
Sam Pte Ltd ("Chef's Sam"). Four workers were seen within the stall, one of
whom was Kuan, a Malaysian. It was later revealed that Kuan was under the
employ of Forward Food, having been recruited by Tan, who was a director of
that company. In addition to supervising the workers at the various outlets
which Forward Food managed, Kuan’s job also entailed checking stocks at these
outlets. Upon ascertaining the supply requirements of these outlets, Kuan
would then make arrangements for the delivery of the necessary supplies.

3 Under Kuan's work permit, her occupation was described as a "Waiter
Supervisor/Waitress Supervisor" and this was also reflected in the application
form for her work permit, which was signed by Tan on behalf of Forward Food.
On the same form, Forward Food was described as Kuan's employer.

_**

  
The trial

**_

4 In the court below, the prosecution's case was simply that the work permit
had been issued to Forward Food under two conditions and that these had been
breached by the appellants. The first condition was that Kuan had to be
employed by Forward Food and the second condition was that she had to be
employed as a "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor". With regard to the first
condition, the prosecution alleged that the food court outlets where Kuan
worked belonged to Chef's Sam and Kuan was under Chef’s Sam’s employ. This
assertion was rejected by the trial judge, who was not satisfied that there
was any evidence that Kuan was not in fact employed by Forward Food. Instead,
he found that there was evidence which went to show that the said food court
outlets were in fact licensed to Tan and that Forward Food had been appointed
to manage these outlets. As such, it could not be said that that condition had
been breached.

5 However, the trial judge agreed with the prosecution that Kuan was not
employed as a "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor" as stipulated in the work permit.
Instead, he felt that she was more of a stall supervisor, highlighting that as
Tan had conceded in his evidence that there were no waiters or waitresses at
the food court outlets, Kuan could not have been working as a "Waiter/Waitress
Supervisor". Coming to this conclusion, the district judge amended the charge
by deleting the reference to Chef's Sam and convicted the appellants on the
amended charges. He then sentenced the appellants to a fine of $2,500 each as
this was the usual tariff fine for such an offence.

6 In addition to the foregoing, four other points of evidence, which were not
apparent from the district judge’s judgment, caught my attention. First, the
prosecution’s witness from the Ministry of Manpower, investigating officer Mr
Ng Ngak Shim ("IO Ng"), did not seem very certain as to whether Kuan’s duties
were outside the scope of a "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor". Second, it was IO
Ng’s evidence that the Ministry did not have any defined job scope in relation
to a "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor". The third point pertained to the
application process for Kuan’s work permit. At the trial, Tan testified that,
when he was completing the application form for the permit, he noticed that
there was no relevant category listed in the form other than "Waiter/Waitress
Supervisor". There was certainly no "Stall Supervisor" category and, as such,
he chose the former category. Moreover, after making the application for Kuan,
he was not told of the limited scope of work that Kuan, as a "Waiter/Waitress
Supervisor", would be allowed to do. The fourth point was that it was apparent
from the notes of evidence that the prosecution’s main line of attack in the
court below was that Kuan was actually not in the employ of Forward Food. This
was rejected by the district judge, who proceeded to convict the appellants on
what was clearly a collateral and technical ground.****

_

  
The appeal

_

7 Before me, the appellants advanced several arguments which went to
challenging the trial judge's finding that, based on the job which Kuan was
employed to do, the appellants were in breach of the work permit condition
that Kuan be only employed as a "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor".

8 First, the appellants argued that the trial judge erred in failing to
consider that the prosecution had not produced any evidence to show that there
was a specific job description known as a "Stall Supervisor" for which a work
permit could have been applied for and the scope of duties of such a job
description, if it existed. Second, the appellants contended that it could
well be that a "Stall Supervisor" had the same duties as a "Waiter/Waitress
Supervisor "and, as the prosecution did not lead any evidence as to what the
duties of a "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor" were, they argued that the
prosecution had not proven its case beyond reasonable doubt.

9 The appellants' third submission was that the trial judge erred in not
considering the evidence of IO Ng, who gave some evidence of what he perceived
to be the scope of duties of a "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor". During cross-
examination, IO Ng stated that there was no job scope set out by the Ministry
of Manpower in relation to a waiter supervisor. Significantly, he also
conceded that if Kuan simply checked the stocks of her official employer,
served customers at its outlets and supervised its employees working there,
there would have been no breach of the work permit conditions. The appellants
argued that this evidence clearly showed that the duties carried out by Kuan
were within the job scope permitted by the Ministry of Manpower.

10 The appellants then argued that the district judge erred in failing to
consider Tan's evidence that he was given no information as to the scope of
work Kuan was allowed to do. The prosecution responded by saying that in the
court below there was a form, signed by Tan, which stated the conditions of
the work permit. But as the prosecution did not produce this form, the
appellants submitted that an adverse inference should have been drawn against
the prosecution in this respect. Through this argument, the appellants
contended that no conditions were attached to their employment of Kuan and
there could therefore have been no breach of such conditions.

11 Finally, the appellants asserted that the trial judge erred in finding that
there were no waiters or waitresses at the food outlets because he drew this
conclusion from Tan's evidence. They contended that it was clear from Tan’s
evidence that he was confused over the use of the words ‘waiter’ and
‘waitress’ and the trial judge should not have placed too much weight on his
evidence with regard to this point.

12 The prosecution's main response to the appellants' arguments was that Tan
himself had admitted that there were no waiters or waitresses working at the
food court outlets. Therefore the trial judge was right to come to the
conclusion that it could not be said that Kuan was employed to supervise
waiters or waitresses there. In addition to this argument, the prosecution
claimed that the trial judge was correct not to draw an adverse inference
against the prosecution for failing to produce the form containing the
conditions of the work permit. In support of this submission, the prosecution
cited _Yeo Choon Huat v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 217 for the proposition that an
adverse inference could only be drawn against it, under s 116 illustration (g)
of the Evidence Act, if it had withheld or suppressed the evidence. As it did
not withhold any evidence which was in its possession, the prosecution
contended that an adverse inference should not be drawn against it.

13 As can be seen from the above arguments, the parties only addressed myself
and the district court on issues pertaining to the actus reus of the offence.
No evidence relating to the appellants’ mens rea was adduced and there were no
submissions as to whether this offence was a strict liability offence. After
reading the relevant provision, I had doubts as to whether the presumption of
mens rea, as stated by the Privy Council in _Lim Chin Aik v The Queen_ [1963]
AC 160, had been rebutted and that the offence is necessarily a strict
liability offence. However, as I came to the conclusion that the actus reus of
the offence had not been made out and also I did not receive full arguments on
the issue of mens rea, I considered it neither necessary nor appropriate to
deal with this issue in the present case.

_**

  
The issues

**_

14 Considering the arguments raised by the parties, three issues had to be
resolved in order for this appeal to be disposed of. First, there was the
question of whether there were any conditions attached to the issuance of
Kuan’s work permit for her employment under Forward Food and, if so, whether
one of these conditions was that Forward Food was only entitled to employ Kuan
in the capacity of a "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor". Second, if the answer to
the first question was in the affirmative, there was the issue of what scope
of duties the occupation of "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor" entailed. Finally,
there had to be a determination of whether Kuan's duties fell under the scope
of duties of a "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor". If the answer to this last
question was in the affirmative, the appellants were not guilty of the offence
for which they had been charged.

15 As stated above, one of the appellants’ arguments before me was that no
conditions were attached to Kuan’s work permit. While it is true that the
prosecution did not produce any document which precisely stated the scope of
duties which Kuan could engage in, Tan did sign the application form for
Kuan’s work permit. In that form, Kuan’s occupation was stated as "Waiter
Supervisor/Waitress Supervisor". Under the section on employer’s particulars,
Forward Food was stated as Kuan’s employer and its primary activity was listed
as "Restaurant/Restaurants-cum-nightclubs". It was implicit that two
conditions were attached to Kuan’s work permit. First, Forward Food was to be
Kuan’s employer and second, she was to be employed in the capacity of a
"Waiter/Waitress Supervisor" in its restaurant business. Approval for the work
permit was obtained on this basis and I found the appellants’ argument that
there were no conditions attached to the work permit to be without merit.

16 I now turn to the issue of the scope of duties of a "Waiter/Waitress
Supervisor" and whether Kuan acted in this capacity at her job. In this
regard, I must confess that I felt some sympathy for the appellants. This was
a far cry from the usual case where employers were caught hiring a foreigner
with an invalid work permit, or where the work permit was flagrantly and
unequivocally breached in the sense that the foreigner was employed for a job
that was not in any way related to the occupation stipulated in his work
permit. In this case, the appellants applied for a valid work permit for Kuan.
As Tan testified, there was no category labelled "Stall Supervisor" listed in
the work permit application form or he would have chosen that category. Faced
with this situation, Tan chose the category which he thought was the most
relevant, i.e. "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor".

17 Ultimately, this appeal turned on the issue of whether Forward Food’s staff
at its food outlets could properly be termed 'waiters'. The appellants argued
that a broader definition of 'waiter' should be adopted to include people who
serve food at counters in a food court. If this was accepted, there would have
been nothing objectionable about the appellants’ deployment of Kuan to
supervise Forward Food’s staff at its food outlets. On the other hand, if, as
the prosecution argued, the word 'waiter' should be given its ordinary
meaning, i.e. a person who waits on customers at a restaurant or caf and
serves food to its customers, then there was a breach of the work permit
conditions.

_**

  
The strict construction rule

**_

18 Counsel for the appellants argued that the word ‘waiter’ was ambiguous and
ought to be construed in the appellants’ favour. While no authority was cited
for this proposition, he obviously referred to the rule of statutory
construction which provides that penal statutes should be strictly construed
in favour of accused persons. As I shall discuss below, this rule has been the
subject of great criticism and is no longer an absolute rule. However, before
dealing with the application of that rule, there was of course the question of
whether it was proper to apply the rule to the construction of a document
which was obviously not legislative in nature. Applying a common sense
approach to this question, I did not see why a court should not apply a rule
of statutory construction, providing for a construction in favour of accused
persons, to executive orders and conditions. One would expect the quality of
drafting to be poorer in the cases of executive orders and conditions as
compared to normal legislation. If so, should not an accused be afforded the
same, if not better, treatment when a court construed such documents, which
could result in penal sanction stipulated in a parent statute?

19 Having established that the rule could be applied, I then considered
whether I should nevertheless refuse to apply it in the present case. This was
because there exists a considerable body of learned opinion which believes
that the rule should not be applied as strictly and absolutely as it has been
in the past. I further noted that this rule is so controversial that, when
commentators suggested adding it to the English Law Commission’s draft
criminal code for England, the Commission openly declared in its report,
_Criminal Law: A Criminal Code for England and Wales_ (Law Com no. 177, 1989)
at para 3.17, that it was

> ..… sceptical whether such a principle really exists. It is of course often
> referred to by the courts, but it is rarely applied in practice. This is
> because the "principle" cannot sensibly be used as a rule for the resolution
> of all ambiguities. We do not think it would be acceptable for the Code to
> provide in effect that whether some arguable point of doubt arose about the
> interpretation of an offence the point should automatically be resolved in
> favour of the accused.

20 I was not surprised by the English Law Commission’s reaction to the rule as
the English courts have defined and applied it very liberally from the onset
of its development. The passage most often quoted on this rule is taken from
Lord Esher’s judgment in _Tuck & Sons v Priester_ (1887) 19 QBD 629 at 638,
where he stated that:

> If there is a reasonable interpretation which will avoid the penalty in any
> particular case, we must adopt that construction. If there are two
> reasonable constructions we must give the more lenient one. That is the
> settled rule for construction of penal sections.

The rule, as expressed in the above passage, is unreasonably absolute and has
therefore been criticised by many academics and judges. In fact, many courts
have refused to apply the rule as it is stated above, adopting purposive,
wider interpretations of penal statutes in the cases before them, even when
these interpretations were detrimental to accused persons; see for example
_Smiths v Hughes_ [1960] 2 All ER 859; _A-G’s Reference (No. 1 of 1988)_
[1989] AC 971 and _R v Par_[1987] 2 SCR 618.

21 To my mind, it was therefore important to consider the theoretical basis of
the rule and its applicability in the modern legal environment, where courts
are more disposed to applying the purposive approach to statutory
interpretation. The origins of the strict construction rule can be found in
capital cases where the courts construed ambiguous statutory provisions _in
favorem vitae_ as this was regarded as a form of fairness to the individual.
According to Professor Andrew Ashworth, "Interpreting Criminal Statutes: A
Crisis of Legality?" (1991) LQR 419 at 432, the principle was subsequently
carried over into other areas of criminal law, probably because criminal
proceedings were viewed as an unequal contest between the individual and the
State. This seems to be supported by the dicta of Wilson J in _R v Par_ (1987)
60 CR (3d) 346 at 368. Furthermore, the editors of _Cross on Statutory
Interpretation_ (3rd ed.) opined, at 173, that the application of this rule in
earlier cases like _R v Harris_ (1836) 7 C & P 446 was justified on
humanitarian grounds because of the manifest injustice brought about by other
interpretations of a statute. These, however, have been rendered unnecessary
by the mitigation of the rigours of the criminal law. Moreover, courts have
increasingly taken the view that an extreme slant in favour of the accused is
not always desirable because it often defeats the purposes of the legislation
and this in turn leads to some other form of injustice.

22 Having said the above, this does not mean that the rule has been, or should
be, abolished. On the contrary, the rule has been affirmed, albeit in a
modified manner, by many courts across the Commonwealth over the past few
decades; see for example _Sweet v Parsley_ [1970] AC 132 at 165; _DPP v
Ottewell_ [1970] AC 642 at 649; _R v Green_ [1992] 1 SCR 614; _Beckwith v R_
(1976) 12 ALR 333 and _Deming No 456 Pty Ltd v Brisbane Unit Development Corp
Pty Ltd_ (1983) ALR 1 at 15. The Singapore courts have also applied the rule
on a number of occasions; see for example _Re Sim Khoon Seng’s Application_
[1963] 1 MLJ 9 and _Teng Lang Khin v PP_[1995] 1 SLR 372. More recently, I
referred to the rule in two cases, _Choy Tuck Sum v PP_ [2000] 4 SLR 665 and
_PP v Tsao Kok Wah_ [2001] 1 SLR 666, although I felt that it was not
applicable in those cases.

23 I did not apply the strict construction rule in _Choy Tuck Sum v PP_ and
_PP v Tsao Kok Wah_ as there was no ambiguity in the provisions that were
being construed in those two cases. In such a situation, the rule would not be
applicable and this position was supported by the various authorities which I
have cited above. There is, in any event, another qualification which
significantly narrows the application of this rule. As stated by Professor
Glanville Williams, "Statute Interpretation, prostitution and the rule of law"
in C.F.H. Tapper, _Crime, Proof and Punishment: Essays in Memory of Sir Rupert
Cross_ at 72,

> Nowadays the criminal courts rarely apply the rule of strict construction.
> They will still apply it if they are in genuine doubt as to the intention of
> the legislature and if there are no considerations indicating the
> desirability of a wide interpretation of the statute. But if the statute
> admits of alternative interpretations and public policy suggests that the
> wider interpretation should be preferred, the courts will usually apply the
> wider one.

The cases lend support to this view. In the English case of _DPP v Ottewell_
at 649, Lord Reid stated:

> The Court of Appeal (Criminal Division) refer to the well established
> principle that in doubtful cases a penal provision ought to be given that
> interpretation which is least unfavourable to the accused. I would never
> seek to diminish in any way the importance of that principle within its
> proper sphere. But it only applies where after full inquiry and
> consideration one is left in real doubt.

The House of Lords then adopted a purposive interpretation of the relevant
provision, taking the view that the strict construction rule was not a rule
for the resolution of all ambiguities. This also seems to have been the
position taken by Lord Parker in _Bowers v Gloucester Corporation_ [1963] 1 QB
881.

24 The Australian courts have come to the similar conclusion that in
construing penal statutes, Parliament's intent is important and its commands
should not be weakened by an unduly open-handed approach to statutory
interpretation: see _Scott v Cawsey_(1907) 5 CLR 132 at 154-5. In _Beckwith v
R_ at p 339, Gibbs J stated that:

> [t]he rule formerly accepted, that statutes creating offences are to be
> strictly construed, has lost much of its importance in modern times. In
> determining the meaning of a penal statute the ordinary rules of
> construction must be applied, but if the language of the statute remains
> ambiguous or doubtful the ambiguity or doubt may be resolved in favour of
> the subject by refusing to extend the category of criminal offences; see _R
> v Adams_ (1935) 53 CLR 563 at 567-8; _Craies on Statute Law_ 7th ed, pp
> 529-34. _The rule is perhaps one of last resort_. [emphasis added]

25 As for the Canadian position, Cory J held, in _R v Hasselwander_ [1993] 2
SCR 398 at 413, that:

> … the rule of strict construction becomes applicable only when attempts at
> the neutral interpretation suggested by s.12 of the Interpretation Act still
> leaves reasonable doubt as to the meaning or scope of the text of the
> statute. As Professor Ct has pointed out, this means that even with penal
> statutes, the real intention of the legislature must be sought, and the
> meaning compatible with its goals applied.

26 As the above passages show, the strict construction rule is only applied to
ambiguous statutory provisions as a tool of last resort. The proper approach
to be taken by a court construing a penal provision is to first consider if
the literal and purposive interpretations of the provision leave the provision
in ambiguity. It is only after these and other tools of ascertaining
Parliament's intent have been exhausted, that the strict construction rule
kicks in in the accused person's favour.

_**

  
Construction of the condition

**_

27 Having determined the approach to be applied, I then considered the proper
construction of the condition attached to Kuan's work permit. The first issue
that had to be resolved was whether the use of the term 'waiter' in the
condition was unequivocal. The obvious purpose of s 5(3) of the Employment of
Foreign Workers Act is to ensure that the Ministry of Manpower is able to
effectively regulate and monitor foreign employees. By laying down conditions
to an employee's work permit, the Ministry would be able to monitor the places
where they work as well as regulate the type of jobs which they do according
to its prevailing policies. However, no meaningful interpretation of the
condition could be made with this purpose in mind, since it was the
manifestation of this policy which was the subject of construction and no
evidence was led by the prosecution as to the Ministry's policy vis--vis
"Waiter/Waitress Supervisors". That it was willing to grant work permits to
foreigners for this job was clear since this was stated on its application
form and such a work permit was in fact granted to Kuan. What was equivocal
was the scope of duties of a "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor" and this, as I
pointed out above, turned on the meaning of 'waiter'.

28 My first impression of the term ‘waiter’ was that its meaning was clear and
that the actus reus of the offence had been made out. After all, 'waiters', as
defined by most dictionaries, are people who wait on customers at a restaurant
or cafes. However, the notes of evidence revealed that there is confusion
amongst a segment of our population, and even in the Ministry of Manpower, as
to its definition. Tan was obviously confused. And, as I have stated above, so
was IO Ng. No doubt there are people who understand waiters to be persons who
simply serve food to customers, whether over a counter or in a restaurant. The
fact that there are people who hold a slightly different view on the
definition of a term would not normally mean that a term is ambiguous in the
sense that the strict construction rule should be applied. However,
considering the special facts of this case, my view was that the term should
be regarded as ambiguous.

29 The dictionary meaning of the words is not always the most appropriate
meaning to accord to a word in a statute. Often, the meaning which should be
accorded is that which would be understood by the reasonable person. This
proposition was stated by Lord Diplock in _Black-Clawson International Ltd v
Papierwerke Waldhof-Aschaffenberg AG_ [1975] AC 591 at 638:

> The acceptance of the rule of law as a constitutional principle requires
> that a citizen, before committing himself to any course of action, should be
> able to know in advance what are the legal consequences that will flow from
> it. Where those consequences are regulated by a statute the source of that
> knowledge is what the statute says. In construing it the court must give
> effect to what the words of the statute would be reasonably understood to
> mean by those whose conduct it regulates. That any or all of the individual
> members of the two Houses of Parliament that passed it may have thought the
> words bore a different meaning cannot affect the matter. Parliament, under
> our constitution, is sovereign only in respect of what it expresses by the
> words used in the legislation it has passed.

In the present case, Tan, and no doubt a relatively significant proportion of
our population, probably held the view that staff working at the counter of a
food court outlet fell under the definition of 'waiter'. That an officer from
the Ministry of Manpower, tasked with the investigation of the contravention
of such conditions, proved unsure about the meaning of the term did not bode
well for the prosecution’s case since this made Tan’s understanding all the
more reasonable. It was unfair for the appellants to be convicted for the
contravention of a condition, which the Ministry itself had no clear position
on.

30 Considering the ambiguity of the term ‘waiter’ and the inapplicability of
the other instruments of statutory interpretation, it was my opinion that the
strict construction rule should be applied, and the ambiguity resolved in the
appellants’ favour. However, even if I had come to a different conclusion, I
would nevertheless have allowed the appeal because of the Ministry’s
contribution to any misunderstanding that the appellants may have had. The
appellants’ understanding of the term "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor", at least
vis--vis the Ministry of Manpower’s position, was to a certain extent shaped
by the form provided by the Ministry. The form misled the appellants, albeit
not intentionally, into thinking that they fell within a category of
applicants and they should accordingly not be faulted for such a belief. In
this regard, I was mindful of Tan’s testimony that the application form did
not contain a category titled "Stall Supervisor" and he therefore chose
"Waiter/Waitress Supervisor", that being the most similar or relevant category
describing the job he wanted to employ Kuan for. Moreover he testified that
after making the application, he was not informed of the scope of duties a
"Waiter/Waitress Supervisor" was allowed to do. Presumably there was no
indication on the application form on this, nor was there a note instructing
uncertain applicants to refer to a Ministry officer to clarify if they were
wrong to assume that they could then select the next most relevant category.
In addition to this, there was probably no "others" category which could have
been selected and followed up by the Ministry. It was unfortunate that the
prosecution did not adduce a copy of the application form into evidence as
this would have clarified whatever doubts I had on it. But in the
circumstances, I felt that the appellants should be given the benefit of the
doubt on this issue.

31 Considering the circumstances surrounding the work permit application, it
was to my mind not unreasonable for the appellants to have formed the view
that they could legitimately employ Kuan for the tasks of supervising counter
staff at their food court outlets under the conditions laid down in her work
permit. Tan’s selection of the "Waiter/Waitress Supervisor" category was
similarly unimpeachable. This was because people, when completing forms,
usually select categories which best describe them or the information which
they want to give. This would occur, even if their circumstances did not fall
exactly within the literal meaning of any particular category. If the
intention of the Ministry was to insist on exactitude, then it should have
provided definitions of the various words, included an "others" category or
directed applicants to enquire with a Ministry officer if there was any doubt.
Employers should not be made to second guess the Ministry’s policies that are
vaguely set out in its application form and be subsequently prosecuted for
this.

32 To summarise, I found that there was ambiguity in the term ‘waiter’ which
should be construed in the appellants’ favour under the strict construction
rule. The term ‘waiter’ should thus be taken to include counter staff working
at food court outlets. As Kuan’s tasks encompassed supervising such staff, the
appellants had employed her in accordance with the conditions in her work
permit. In addition to the above, I felt that it was unacceptable that the
appellants should stand convicted because, to a certain extent, the Ministry
contributed to their confusion. The Ministry was in a far superior position to
procure accurate information. Instead, because of the miscommunication brought
about by its application form, the appellants received what they reasonably
perceived to be permission to employ Kuan as a stall supervisor. I would not
go so far as to say that the Ministry’s form had to be perfectly defined since
this would have cumbersome and onerous consequences on the operations of the
government. However, as I have stated above, there are other means through
which information can be solicited from, and given to, applicants, who may be
uncertain as to the categories in a form when their circumstances do not
readily fall within the strict confines of those categories. These methods of
ensuring that there was no miscommunication between the ministry and the
appellants were not present and it would be unjust for them to be thus
convicted.

33 For the above reasons, I allowed the appellants’ appeals against their
conviction.

_

Appeal allowed.

_

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW  
Chief Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Mar 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

