Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong Jane Rebecca v Lim Lie Hoa and Others (No 2) (Lim Lie Hoa, Third Party)  
[2002] SGHC 227

Case Number | : | OS 939/1991, SIC 60595/2002,600194/2002,601161/2002,600489/2002,601156/2002,601160/2002,600415/2002,600416/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 September 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Plaintiff in person; Khoo Boo Jin and Daniel Tan (Wee Swee Teow & Co) for the first defendant and third party; Arul Chandran and Ooi Oon Tat (C Arul & Partners) for the second defendant; Vinodh S Coomaraswamy and Chua Sui Tong (Shook Lin & Bok) for the third and fourth defendants   
Parties | : |  Ong Jane Rebecca — Lim Lie Hoa and Others (No 2) — Lim Lie Hoa   
  
Civil Procedure – Interim payments – Whether any basis to speculate on value
of deceased's estate before inquiry – Whether claims must be made after
inquiry  
  
Civil Procedure – Mareva injunctions – Application for discharge – Whether
first defendant controlling some substantial amount of money in estate –
Whether to maintain preservation order  
  
Civil Procedure – Summons in chambers – Application for exchange of auditors'
reports and for arbitrator to conduct inquiry – Inquiry to determine assets of
estate pending – Whether application coming too late – Whether allowing
application will hinder inquiry  
  
Civil Procedure – Third party proceedings – Third party notice – Setting aside
– Whether wrong to encourage writ action within narrow scope of inquiry – O 16
Rules of Court  
  

**(Inquiry pursuant to Judgment dated 16 July 1996)**

**Citation:** | **OS No 939 of 1991; SIC NO 60595,600194,601161,600489,601156,601160,600415 and 600416 of 2002**  
---|---  
**Jurisdiction:** | **Singapore**  
**Date:** | **2002:09:27  
2002:09:23;2002:08:02;2002:07:30;2002:07:05**  
**Court:** | **High Court**  
**Coram:** | **Choo Han Teck, JC**  
**Counsel:** | **Plaintiff in person**  
| **Khoo Boo Jin and Daniel Tan _(Wee Swee Teow & Co)_ for the First Defendant
& Third Party**  
| **Arul Chandran and Ooi Oon Tat _(C. Arul & Partners)_ for the Second
Defendant**  
| **Vinodh S Coomaraswamy and Chua Sui Tong _(Shook Lin & Bok)_ for the Third
& Fourth Defendants**  
  
**_HEADNOTES_**

_**

Civil Procedure

** – Claims for interim payments – Whether any basis before the inquiry to
speculate how much money is left in the estate – Whether claims must be made
after the inquiry **

Civil Procedure

** – Mareva injunction – Application for discharge – Whether possibility of
some not insubstantial amount of money in the estate which the first defendant
had control over – Whether preservation order to be maintained **

Civil Procedure

** – Third Party Notice – Setting aside – Whether wrong to encourage a writ
action within the narrow scope of an inquiry **

Civil Procedure

** – Application for opposing accountants to exchange reports and for inquiry
to be conducted by an arbitrator – Whether hearing would be delayed_ **

Facts

**

The original dispute was in respect of the assets of the estate of Ong Seng
King. The outstanding matter is the inquiry to determine the estate in
question and the second defendant’s share of the estate. The inquiry was
scheduled to commence on 21 October 2002 but in the meantime, the parties
filed eight summonses-in-chambers.

**

Held

**, dismissing all but one summonses-in-chamber:

(1) The first three applications for interim payments were dismissed because
until the inquiry is done, there was no basis to speculate as to how much
money is left in the estate. Moreover, it is a circuitous exercise to ask
whether there is money in the estate when the whole purpose of the inquiry is
precisely to determine that very point. Any claim must be made after the
inquiry is concluded (see 2).

(2) In view of the refusal to allow interim payment, the fourth application to
stop any interim payment became redundant, save for the question of costs
which was reserved to the Registrar (see 3 and 7).

(3) The fifth application to discharge a Mareva injunction imposed earlier by
this court against the first defendant was dismissed as, on the little
evidence, there might be some not insubstantial sums of money in the estate in
which the first defendant had control over. A preservation order should be
maintained, subject only to any variation or other orders that the Registrar
conducting the inquiry may make (see 4).

(4) The seventh application to set aside the Third Party Notice taken out by
the second defendant against the first defendant was allowed. The notice was
technically flawed in that it did not satisfy the requirements under O 16 of
the Rules of Court. Moreover, the inquiry could not be expanded to cover
related but obviously independent action that the second defendant might have
against the first defendant. Nothing can be more calamitous, legally and
procedurally, than to encourage a writ action within the narrow scope of an
inquiry (see 5).

(5) The eighth application taken out by the first defendant for an order that
the accountants for the main opposing camps exchange reports and for the
inquiry to be conducted by an arbitrator was dismissed as it had come too
late. It would only have the effect of delaying the hearing (see 6).

**

Legislation referred to

**

Rules of Court 1997, O 16

****

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. The original dispute in respect of the assets of the estate of Ong Seng
King, had been heard and judgment handed down on 16 July 1996 by Justice Chao
Hick Tin. The outstanding matter is the inquiry ordered by Justice Chao,
principally, to determine the assets of the estate in question and the second
defendant's share of the estate. The plaintiff's interest in the assets of the
estate hinges on the half share of the second defendant's entitlement of the
estate that was granted to her in the July 1996 judgment. The inquiry has been
scheduled to commence on 21 October 2002. In the meantime, parties filed eight
summonses-in-chambers before me. I dismissed all but one, and now give my
grounds in one compendious judgment.

2\. The first three applications were for interim payments. Two were made by
the second defendant (one as trustee and administrator of the estate) and the
third was by his former wife, the plaintiff. The second defendant's
application as a beneficiary was made on virtually the same basis as that of
the plaintiff. Both have set out the grounds as to why they need the money. In
the case of the plaintiff, the court had previously ordered interim payments
amounting to at least $3,000,000. She now wants another $1,200,000, mainly to
enable her to engage a senior counsel to assist her at the inquiry. She also
wanted a sum of 5,000 a month to cover her living expenses. I accept that the
assistance of senior counsel will be helpful to the inquiry, apart from the
assumed benefit to the plaintiff herself, and also that she might well require
funds, but that is not a sufficient ground in itself to make an order for a
further interim payment. The two applicants here submitted that according to
Price Waterhouse Coopers' Interim Report of 21 March 2000 there is a sum of
$12,477,556 due to the second defendant (of which the plaintiff would be
entitled to half). This report is being challenged by the first defendant. I
note that some interim payments have already been made to the plaintiff, but
circumstances are different at this moment. Until the inquiry is done I have
no basis to speculate as to how much money is left in the estate. Secondly, as
the inquiry is due to commence soon, it is, therefore, a circuitous exercise
to ask whether there is money in the estate when the whole purpose of the
inquiry is, precisely, to determine that very point. So far as the second
defendant's application to be paid in his capacity as trustee of the estate, I
am of the view that in principle, he may be right, but under the present
circumstances, he must make his claim after the inquiry is concluded. The
three applications for interim payments were therefore disallowed.

3\. The fourth application was a joint application by the third and fourth
defendants (the brothers of the second defendant, and all three are sons of
the first defendant) to stop any payment that might be made to the plaintiff
and second defendant. In view of my refusal to allow interim payments, this
application is redundant save for the question of costs, which I shall revert
shortly.

4\. The fifth application was an application by the first defendant to
discharge a _Mareva_ injunction imposed by this court on 22 February 2002
pursuant to an application by the second defendant. The sixth application was
by the third and fourth defendants to vary the _Mareva_ injunction granted by
this court on 29 April 2002 also pursuant to an application by the second
defendant. The second injunction was granted to ensure that the first
defendant does not move assets belonging to the estate that may have been
transferred from her control to the third and fourth defendants, and thereby
rendering the injunction against her under the 22 February order ineffective.
The history of this case, and I mean the entire case from the first shot fired
in the original Originating Summons up to the present applications before me,
the relationship of two main parties in opposition, namely the plaintiff and
the first defendant (the second defendant appears to have switched alliance),
have been acrimonious, and mutual suspicion continues to govern their every
conduct, each with the other. On the little evidence (by way of affidavits)
before me, I can only conclude that there may be some not insubstantial (but
undefined) sums of money (or assets with value) in the estate and in which the
first defendant has control over. If that is correct, then given the present
situation, I am of the view that a preservation order should be maintained,
subject only to any variation or other orders that the Registrar conducting
the inquiry (and the parties may be reminded that the inquiry is less than 30
days away), may make. For these reasons, the applications to discharge or vary
the _Mareva_ injunctions were dismissed.

5\. The seventh application was an application to set aside the Third Party
Notice taken out by the second defendant against the first defendant.
Technically, the Third Party Notice is flawed in that it does not satisfy the
requirements under O 16 of the Rules of Court, and no directions have been
taken out by the second defendant so far that may identify the precise nature
and purpose of that application. Nonetheless, it must not be forgotten that
the scheduled inquiry as ordered, and the terms of the inquiry, cannot be
expanded to cover related but obviously independent action that the second
defendant might have against the first defendant or any other party. The
inquiry is specifically to ascertain the size and value of the estate, and the
share that the second defendant may be entitled. The inquiry is not the forum
for any action concerning a breach of trust, a wrongful failure to administer
the estate, or the wrongful use of estate funds. What is left under the
present Originating Summons, as I have recited _ad nauseam_ is to inquire into
the assets of the estate. My point is reinforced by the expression of intent
by Mr. Arul to join the fourth defendant as the second Third Party. Nothing
can be more calamitous, legally and procedurally, than to encourage a writ
action within the narrow scope of an inquiry. The application to set aside the
Third Party Notice was therefore allowed.

6\. The eighth application was taken out by the first defendant for an order
that Arthur Anderson and Price Waterhouse Coopers (the accountancy experts for
the main opposing camps respectively) exchange their reports and for the
inquiry to be conducted by an arbitrator. The first part of this application
is superficially attractive, but it seems to me to have come too late. An
exchange of reports at this stage, given the history of this case, is likely
to spawn further applications such as may stymie the inquiry. The parties must
stand by its respective reports and, if any further directions are required,
to be issued by the Registrar conducting the inquiry. The second part of this
application also appears attractive. I am of the view, however, that a
direction for the inquiry to be conducted by an arbitrator at this stage will
similarly delay the hearing; so that call has also come a little late, but
nonetheless, the parties may still, by consent, proceed to arbitration on
their own accord even though realistically, the prospect of that is dismally
dim.

7\. Costs of all the applications are reserved to the Registrar.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Sep 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

