Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Abu Syeed Chowdhury v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 14

Case Number | : | MA 312/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 January 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  SK Kumar (SK Kumar & Associates) for the appellant; Peter Koy (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Abu Syeed Chowdhury — Public Prosecutor   
  
Immigration – Control of admission – Immigration offences – Making false
statement to obtain employment pass – Whether imprisonment or fine – ss
57(1)(k) & 57(1)(iv) Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Applicable norm – Relevant
considerations – Deterrence – Whether substantive custodial sentence should be
applicable norm – Mitigation – Whether offender's personal circumstances
justifies reduction in sentence – ss 57(1)(k) & 57(1)(iv) Immigration Act (Cap
133, 1997 Ed)  
  

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

The appellant, Abu Syeed Chowdhury, was charged with three counts of obtaining
an employment pass by making a false statement, punishable under s 57(1)(k)
read with s 57(1)(iv) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133) (‘the Act’). He
consented to have two similar charges taken into consideration for the
purposes of sentencing. All five charges related to a false declaration in his
applications regarding his employment pass, which stated that he held a
Bachelor of Science degree, a statement which he knew to be false.

2 The appellant was sentenced by district judge See Kee Onn to four weeks’
imprisonment on each of the three charges, with two sentences to run
consecutively. I dismissed his appeal against the sentences and enhanced them
to a term of two months’ imprisonment on each charge, with two sentences to
run consecutively, for a total of four months’ imprisonment. I now give my
reasons.

_**

  
The facts

**_

3 The appellant, a 34 year old Bangladeshi national, was granted an employment
pass to work in Singapore on 17 April 1996. From 17 April 1996 to 15 April
1998, he worked as a purchasing officer in Arc Marine Pte Ltd. From 1998 to
2001, he worked at Unimarine Shipping Services Pte Ltd (‘Unimarine’), first as
a purchasing officer, and later as a purchasing manager from 1 January 2000.

4 During this five year period, the appellant made five applications to either
apply for or renew his employment pass. These applications formed the subject
matter of the charges under s 57(1)(k). The offence under s 57(1)(k), read
together with s 57(1)(iv), states as follows:

> Any person who …by making a false statement obtains or attempts to obtain an
> entry or re-entry permit, pass or certificate for himself or for any other
> person … shall be guilty of an offence and - … shall be liable on conviction
> to a fine not exceeding $4,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding
> 12 months or to both …

5 The five charges against the appellant cover the period from 1997 to 2001
and were nearly similar in content. It suffices to relate the first of the
charges proceeded with, which stated:

> You … are charged that you applied for renewal of an Employment Pass in Form
> 8R, which application was received by the Employment Pass Department on
> 23.2.1999, to work for Unimarine Shipping Services Pte Ltd (RCB No.:
> 199201449N) as a Purchasing Officer, for which an Employment Pass was issued
> on 27.4.1999, on the basis of your declaration in the application form that
> you graduated from University of Dhaka with a Bachelor of Science, a
> statement which you declared to be true to the best of your knowledge, when
> the application form contained facts which you knew to be false. You have
> thereby committed an offence under Section 57(1)(k), of the Immigration Act
> (Cap 133) and punishable under Section 57(1)(iv) of the said Act.

6 The other two charges to which the appellant pleaded guilty related to
similar applications to renew his employment pass, made on 1 March 2000 and 3
March 2001 respectively. In a similar vein, the two charges taken into
consideration averred to similar applications made on 22 February 1997 and 15
April 1998.

7 The common thread in these applications was the appellant’s false
declaration that he had graduated from the University of Dhaka in 1986 with a
Bachelor of Science degree. Each application was supported by a copy of a
forged graduation certificate to this effect. Verification from the University
of Dhaka confirmed however that the certificate was bogus and that the
appellant was not a graduate of the University. Nor, for that matter, did he
hold the degree in question. He had in fact purchased the forged certificate
in Indonesia sometime in 1988 or 1989, for the price of about US$100. In this
manner, he had thereby induced the Employment Pass Department of the Ministry
of Manpower to issue as well as renew his employment passes annually from 1997
to 2001\.

_**

  
The mitigation plea

**_

8 In mitigation, the appellant pleaded several factors which can be succinctly
stated as follows.

9 First, he claimed to be a victim of circumstance and poor advice. He had
apparently paid a Bangladeshi agent US$3,000 to travel to Australia for
employment, but was tricked and left stranded in Jakarta. Sometime in 1988 or
1989, he claimed to have met a second Bangladeshi agent, who took pity on him
and offered to sell him the false degree certificate in order to obtain an
employment pass in Singapore. This unnamed agent further provided him with the
air fare to fly to Singapore.

10 Secondly, he pleaded that he had lived as a virtuous, law-abiding and
productive resident in Singapore. He had paid all his taxes and had never
given trouble to the authorities. His employers considered him an employee of
high calibre and wrote testimonials in his favour. Notably, his present
employer also stood as his bailor for the present charges. He also pleaded
that he did not cynically extract the full benefits of his deception – for
example, he did not purchase an HDB flat, nor did he enjoy medical benefits at
a subsidized rate. He also claimed to be a ‘pious and devout resident’ who
rendered both time and money to charitable organisations.

11 Thirdly, he asked for recognition to be given to his full co-operation with
the authorities. Upon commencement of investigations, he had admitted to his
wrongdoing and subsequently pleaded guilty in court.

12 Finally, he pleaded for leniency on the basis that he was married with two
young and dependent children. He claimed to have come from a well-respected
family in Bangladesh dealing in the clothing business, and submitted that a
custodial sentence would ruin his family reputation as well as his personal
life.

_**

  
The decision below

**_

13 The judge in arriving at his decision considered that there was a patent
and inexplicable disparity in sentencing precedents at the district courts.
Turning to the available appellate decisions for guidance, he found the facts
of _Rivera Eleazar P v PP_ (MA 308 of 1997, unreported) directly applicable to
the present case and sentenced the appellant accordingly. Significantly, he
also expressed the opinion that a custodial sentence should be the norm for an
offence under s 57(1)(k), and that a fine should only be granted under
exceptional circumstances.

_**

  
The appeal

**_

14 Counsel for the appellant, Mr S K Kumar, submitted that a blanket custodial
sentence should not be applied to this particular offence. He argued that to
adopt such a ‘benchmark’ would unnecessarily fetter the discretion of the
judge under s 57(1)(iv) to impose either a fine or a custodial sentence. He
further contended that, given the various mitigation factors in this
particular case, the discretion of the court should be exercised in favour of
a fine only.

15 At the outset, I dispensed with Mr Kumar’s concern about the undesirability
of a ‘benchmark’ tariff as opposed to absolute sentencing discretion. This was
simplistic argument which missed the point of a ‘benchmark’ tariff. A
‘benchmark’ is a sentencing norm prevailing on the mind of every judge,
ensuring consistency and therefore fairness in a criminal justice system. It
is not cast in stone, nor does it represent an abdication of the judicial
prerogative to tailor criminal sanctions to the individual offender. It
instead provides the focal point against which sentences in subsequent cases,
with differing degrees of criminal culpability, can be accurately determined.
A good ‘benchmark’ decision therefore lays down carefully the parameters of
its reasoning in order to allow future judges to determine what falls within
the scope of the ‘norm’, and what exceptional situations justify departure
from it.

16 Having perused the authorities on s 57(1)(k), I found it unfortunate that
some of the preceding cases in the district courts were inconsistent and could
not provide a clear sentencing regime for this area of law. For example, in
cases with materially similar facts, the punishments given in the lower courts
varied between fines and custodial sentences. Moreover, although five cases
have come up for consideration on appeal, they unfortunately did not merit
written decisions, and therefore lacked prescriptive force. I was therefore
grateful to the learned district judge for grasping the nettle and bringing
this issue to the forefront. The time is ripe for a robust reassessment of the
applicable sentencing principles and to set a firm benchmark for cases of
false representation punishable under s 57(1)(iv).

_**

  
The sentencing precedents relating to s 57(1)(k) offences

**_

17 In this regard, I shall first review the five Magistrate’s Appeal cases
which have come before this court. To my mind they illustrate a clear
sentencing principle which will be evident upon a comparison of their facts.

18 In two of the five cases, the appellate court decided that fines were
sufficient punishment. In _Goh Chuay Fern v PP_ (MA 344 of 1999, unreported),
the appellant falsely declared in her application for an entry permit that she
had never been convicted in a court of law in any country. She had, however,
been previously convicted for an offence of theft-in-dwelling. She pleaded
guilty to one charge under s 57(1)(k) of the Act, and on appeal successfully
reduced the initial sentence of six weeks’ imprisonment to a fine of $1,000 in
default one month’s imprisonment.

19 In _Ng Kar Weng v PP_ (MA 300 of 1997, unreported), the appellant attempted
to obtain an entry permit for his wife, a Chinese national. He had made a
false statement in the application that she had not previously been convicted
in a court of law in any country. In fact, she had been convicted and fined
previously in Singapore for working illegally while on a social visit pass. He
pleaded guilty and was sentenced to imprisonment for two months. On appeal,
the sentence was reduced to a fine of $2,500 in default two months’
imprisonment.

20 In the remaining three appellate decisions, the court found it fit to
impose a custodial sentence on the offenders. In _Li Hong Wei v PP_ (MA 236 of
2001, unreported), the appellant, a Chinese national, had obtained a social
visit pass by falsely declaring on her disembarkation form that she had never
been prohibited from entering Singapore. In truth, she had been banned from
re-entering Singapore after being convicted for illegally overstaying in 1997.
She pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment. On appeal,
her sentence of two months’ imprisonment was affirmed.

21 In _Kesorn Yuangtan v PP_ (MA 250 of 1999, unreported), the appellant, in
her application to obtain an entry permit, had failed to declare that she
faced a permanent ban from entering Singapore, following her arrest in 1992
for engaging in prostitution. Her sentence of two months’ imprisonment was
affirmed on appeal.

22 The final appellate case was _Rivera Eleazar P v PP_ (MA 308 of 1997,
unreported). This case was closest on point to the present facts and therefore
most persuasive in authority. The appellant in this case was a 29 year-old
Filipino national, who had bought a forged Bachelor of Science in Commerce
(Marketing) degree certificate in 1993\. He subsequently tendered it in his
application for an employment pass in 1996 to work as a website engineer. In
March 1997, he made the same false declaration in a second application for an
employment pass to work as a managing director in his own company. In
mitigation, he pleaded that he had married a Singaporean wife who was
gainfully employed as a senior medical representative, and that they had two
young children who were Singapore citizens. He was also the director and 25%
shareholder of the company with a paid-up capital of $100,000. He pleaded
guilty to one charge and was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment. His appeal
against sentence was subsequently dismissed.

23 The above cases provide a valuable insight into a key sentencing principle
in offences under s57(1)(k), which is that the severity of the punishment
depends on the nature and extent of the deceit employed by the applicant. In
this regard, the act of tendering a forged certificate in _Rivera Eleazar_ was
the most culpable among the above instances of deception due its active and
deliberate nature. There, as in the present case, the applicant had gone
beyond making a false declaration. He had actively procured and submitted a
forged certificate for the sole purpose of corroborating his falsehood,
thereby boosting his chances of hoodwinking the authorities. Similarly, the
offenders in _Li Hong Wei_ and _Kesorn Yuangtan_ merited custodial sentences
because their false declarations were made in active defiance of an entrance
ban by the immigration authorities. This was unlike the offenders in _Goh
Chuay Fern_ and _Ng Kar Weng_ , who, although having made a false declaration
on a material fact, did not do so with the knowledge that they would be
thwarting a previous adverse finding made against them by the immigration
authorities.

24 Admittedly, the five appellate decisions cited above have limited
prescriptive force as they do not set down a clear sentencing norm. Neither do
they inform of the relevant sentencing principles applicable to an offence as
wide in scope and as prevalent in practice as that under s 57(1)(k). It is
therefore appropriate at this juncture to consider a clear re-statement of the
sentencing regime that should apply to such cases.

_**

  
The sentencing norm and principles for false representations under s 57

**_

25 I turn first to legislative history to discern parliamentary intention
behind the promulgation of the offence under s 57. Notably, the maximum
punishment prescribed under s 57(1)(iv) was doubled by Parliament in
amendments to the Act made in 1995, when the maximum fine was increased from
$2,000 to $4,000, and the maximum term of imprisonment was increased from six
months to 12 months. This was due to concern over the increase in offences of
false representation under the Immigration Act, as represented by s 57(1)(f)
to (l) and punishable under s 57(1)(iv). On 1 November 1995, the Minister for
Home Affairs had this to say in Parliament, during the second reading of the
Amendment Bill:

> Mr Speaker, Sir, we have also taken the opportunity to enhance the penalty
> under section 57(1)(iv) from a maximum fine of $2,000 to $4,000 and from six
> months’ jail to one years’ jail to deal with the increase in the number of
> offences of false representations under section 57(1)(f). The penalties for
> other offences listed under section 57(1)(iv) have also been raised to
> maintain parity with the new penalty under section 57(1)(f).

Parliament had therefore espoused its intention to take a tougher stand
against such offenders, presumably to stem the tide of illegal immigrants
awash on our shores in the wake of the regional economic downturn. It
therefore behoves the judiciary to adopt a similar mindset when enforcing the
law in immigration cases.

26 For this reason, I intend to lay down a firm sentencing benchmark in order
to send a strong message of deterrence to immigration offenders. Where a false
representation is made under the various limbs of s 57(1) that are punishable
by s 57(1)(iv), a custodial sentence should be the applicable norm, and a fine
should only be warranted under exceptional circumstances. This is because a
mere fine of up to $4,000 would be insufficient deterrence when weighed
against the pecuniary benefits of working in Singapore. To some economic
migrants, such a fine would merely represent a slap on the wrist, a cynically
calculated cost of breaking the law for personal profit. I do not think that
the immigration policies of a country, and the welfare of its citizen
employees, should be held ransom by such profiteers. Accordingly, custodial
sentences must be imposed to send out the firm signal that gaining entrance to
Singapore by deception simply does not pay.

27 A benchmark is however imperfect without clear guidance as to its
underlying sentencing principles. This guides the judge as to the length of
the custodial sentence, as well as to the existence of special circumstances
which exceptionally warrant a fine only. In this exercise, I do not find it
useful to make tortuous distinctions between individual cases. Instead, the
following four considerations should prevail on the judicial mind in applying
the sentencing norm.

28 The first consideration should be the materiality of the false
representation on the mind of the decision-maker. The greater the impact of
the falsehood in inducing the grant of the application, the more severe should
be the sentence imposed. Conversely, a false declaration as to a fact which
makes little difference to the application might exceptionally give grounds
for leniency to be granted.

29 The next consideration would be the nature and extent of the deception, as
discussed in the above authorities. An applicant who goes to greater lengths
to deceive the authorities, or who acts in conscious defiance of the
authorities, merits more severe punishment. Moreover, a deception which by
nature is more difficult to detect, or which, as in the present case, is aided
by the production of forged corroborating documents, should likewise deserve a
heftier punishment. Offenders should not be allowed to exploit the evidential
difficulties inherent in certain types of declarations, whose verification
would otherwise take up valuable time and resources on the part of the
immigration authority.

30 The third factor to take into consideration should be the consequences of
the deception. In the present type of case, the court should consider whether
the employer suffered any detriment as a result of the false declaration.
Additionally, it should also consider the wider implications of the deception
– whether, for example, the offender had effectively deprived a potentially
better-qualified applicant of the job opportunity; or worse, put others at
risk of adverse consequences by performing a job without the requisite skills.

31 The final factor to be considered relates to the personal mitigation
factors applicable to the offender. In this regard, I would add the rider that
little weight should be accorded to those hardships which arise only as a
result of the offender’s illegal entrance to the country. Often in such cases,
the offender starts a family in Singapore, despite the knowledge of his
illegal entry and the sufferings they would face if he were caught and
punished. To that extent I would consider such hardships to be self-induced
and carrying little mitigation value. He who lives on borrowed time cannot
complain when the clock runs out.

_**

  
The appropriate sentence

**_

32 In the present case, a substantial custodial sentence is therefore
appropriate, unless there exist exceptional circumstances which justify a
departure from the norm. Applying the four sentencing considerations above, I
found no reason to depart from this norm, for the following reasons.

33 The first is that the deception was clearly material. Put another way, but
for the appellant’s purported educational qualifications, the Employment Pass
Department would not have granted him entry into Singapore. The next
consideration I took into account was that the deception on the part of the
appellant was conscious and deliberate. The forged certificate was obtained as
early as 1988 or 1989, yet he had the presence of mind to retain it at least
until 1996 to support his false declaration. In this light I found his account
of being a victim of circumstance and of having been led astray by an unnamed
agent to be highly dubious. This deception seemed to my mind to be a planned
and conscious act, and was hardly the product of a moment of weakness. The
third consideration related to the substantive consequences of the deception.
While his employers were not prejudiced by the appellant’s lack of
qualifications, the fact remained that, by his deception, he had deprived a
better-qualified candidate of entry into the country. Finally, I did not find
the personal mitigation factors in this case exceptional enough to grant only
a fine or a token custodial sentence. While his early plea of guilt had some
mitigatory effect, I was not inclined to give it much weight, for the reason
that the prosecution would have had no difficulty in proving the charge
against him, per Chan Sek Keong J in _Wong Kai Chuen Philip v_ PP [1991] 1 MLJ
321, 322-23; see also _Sim Gek Yong v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 537. The disruption to
the appellant’s family life was likewise not a good mitigating factor, for, as
mentioned above, he had brought the plight upon his family with full knowledge
of the attendant risks. Balanced against these factors were the countervailing
aggravations that the offence was motivated purely by personal benefit, and
that it had involved a five year long period of deception, with every
likelihood that the appellant would have made further false declarations had
he not been caught.

34 Accordingly, having considered that a substantial custodial sentence was
appropriate, I saw no reason to depart from the tariff of two months’
imprisonment set out in _Rivera Eleazar P v PP_ , whose facts were materially
similar to the present appeal. I therefore enhanced the sentences to two
months’ imprisonment on each charge, with two of the sentences to run
consecutively.

_

Appeal dismissed

_

Sgd:

Yong Pung How  
Chief Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jan 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

