Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Boon Ming v Tiang Choo Yang  
[2002] SGHC 50

Case Number | : | Suit 952/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 March 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gopalan Raman, Gopal Krishnan Nair (G Raman & Partners) and Teo Soh Lung (Instructing Solicitor) (Teo Soh Lung & Co) for the plaintiff; Lawrence Quahe, Tan Lee Cheng and Howard Cheam (Harry Elias Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Lim Boon Ming — Tiang Choo Yang   
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Making of will – Not finding original will
after testator's death – Son seeking to admit to probate signed carbon copy of
will – Widow opposing action and counterclaiming for grant of letters of
administration – Whether rebuttable presumption of destruction animo revocandi
arises – Burden and standard of proof for rebuttal of presumption – Whether
presumption rebutted – s 15(d) Wills Act (Cap 352, 1996 Ed)  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. This is an action by the Plaintiff, Lim Boon Ming, to admit to probate a
carbon copy of a will dated 22 September 1969 of the deceased Lin Keng Hwa
@Lim Keng Hwa. The Defendant, Tiang Choo Yong, in opposition, claims that the
deceased in his lifetime had destroyed his will with the intention of revoking
it. In her Counterclaim, she seeks, inter alia, an order for grant of letters
of administration as on an intestacy.

_**

  
The Facts

**_

2\. On 22 September 1969, the testator, Lim Keng Hwa, made a will by which he
left 30% of the residue of his estate to the Defendant, 60% to the Plaintiff
and the remaining 10% to his adopted daughter, Joycelyn Lim Boon Eng
("Joycelyn"). The Defendant was appointed trustee and executrix of the will.

2.1 The will was made with the assistance of a lawyer, Chua Chong Hong (PW2)
of M/s C H Chua & Co, who together with his former clerk witnessed the
testator’s execution of the will. It is accepted that after execution, the
original will was handed over to the testator and Mr.Chua’s firm retained a
carbon copy of the will, similarly signed by the testator and the two
attesting witnesses ("the duplicate will"), for the past 29 years.

2.2 The testator died on 6 October 1998, aged 73. Shortly thereafter, the
Plaintiff contacted Mr. Chua who located the duplicate will in the Wills file
of his firm. Despite due enquiries (such as a notice published in the December
1998 issue of the Law Gazette for information on the will of the deceased) and
searches, after the death of the deceased at his residence, in the safe at the
deceased’s offices and other likely repositories, the original will has not
been discovered or traced since.

2.3 The duplicate will is left with the Registry, Supreme Court in connection
with a Citation issued to the Defendant on 27 September 1999 to accept or
refuse probate.

2.4 At the trial, the Plaintiff produced three photostat copies of the will.
According to the Plaintiff, the first photostat copy (exhibit P7), is from his
father who had handed it to him in January 1998 for his uncle Lim Kwong Ling
(PW3). Koh Meow Tiang (PW5), who is the Plaintiff’s wife, found amongst the
pages of the deceased’s photo albums (kept previously at the deceased’s
office) two other photostat copies of the will. They are exhibit P8 and
exhibit P9 respectively.

2.5 The deceased had married Teo Thoe Moy, his first wife on 5 November 1954\.
There was a son from that first marriage and he is the Plaintiff. The
Plaintiff was born on 4 December 1957. Sometime thereafter, the Plaintiff’s
natural mother abandoned both husband and son.

2.6 The Defendant has no formal education. She met and befriended the deceased
at night classes where both had attended to learn English. This was sometime
in 1958\. A few years later, in 1961, the deceased and Defendant went through
a Chinese customary marriage. They lived together as husband and wife up to
the date of death of the deceased.

2.7 After divorcing his first wife, the couple was able to and did register
their marriage on 24 February 1969. There was no issue from this marriage. The
family was complete with the adoption of a baby girl, Joycelyn, born on 5
April 1965 to the deceased’s younger sister, whose child the couple cared for
as their own since the infant was 3 months old. Joycelyn is not a party to
this action. Neither party called her as a witness.

2.8 The Defendant, since her marriage to the deceased, has been a housewife.
She ran the household and raised both the Plaintiff and Joycelyn.

2.9 It is common ground that the deceased was a careful and meticulous man in
his private and business affairs. Prior to his death, he was one of several
directors of the two family companies, Teck Seng Enterprises Pte Ltd ("TSE")
and Teck Seng Cycle Ltd ("TSC"). The deceased, together with 6 brothers, held
equal shares in the companies.

2.10 TSE is in the business of industrial stickers and tapes. TSC, on the
other hand, deal in motorcycle spare parts and bicycles.

2.11 Prior to his death, the deceased managed both businesses and under his
stewardship, the fortunes of the two companies grew over the years to its
present level. Lim Kwong Ling ("Kwong Ling"), who took over as managing
director of TSE following the death of the deceased, estimated the value of
both**** companies to be roughly $30 million. According to Kwong Ling, TSE is
asset rich, with many immoveable properties registered in its name.

2.12 Unlike Joycelyn, the Plaintiff was not interested in studies. After
national service, in 1978, the Plaintiff joined the family business full time.
Initially, he worked together with his father in TSC at 41, Desker Road.
Later, the Plaintiff worked for TSE together with Kwong Ling at Sim Lim Tower.

2.13 The deceased, during his lifetime, had a history of ill health. Not only
was he a diabetic patient, he has had two cataract operations, one of which
was not successful. In September 1996, he had colon cancer; was operated on
and underwent chemotherapy for six months. During that time, he was still able
to continue working. The next year, in December 1997, he again had surgery.
This time it was to remove a malignant tumour in his brain. After this
operation, the deceased stopped going to work completely.

2.14 Whilst recuperating at home, he had a fall and fractured his hip. On 19
February 1998, he was admitted to hospital for hip surgery. He was
hospitalised until 27 February 1998.

2.15 It is common ground that throughout the last 25 months of the deceased’s
life, the Defendant was the primary care giver. Later in April 1998, a maid
was engaged to assist her in the care of the deceased.

2.16 In July 1998, the deceased attended no less than ten physiotherapy
sessions at Balestier Hospital, now known as HMI Balestier Hospital. Over
time, the health of the deceased deteriorated. The Plaintiff had taken
photographs (exhibit P6) of the deceased on 21 September 1998, slightly more
than two weeks before his death and they show an emaciated man.

_**

  
The Plaintiff’s Evidence

**_

3\. The Plaintiff’s written and oral testimony is that his father was a
traditional Chinese man, conservative in his thinking. He was a filial son who
believed in ancestral worship.

3.1 Towards the latter part of his life, his father became a Christian and was
baptised on 3 March 1998. According to the Plaintiff, his father’s conversion
to a Methodist was forced upon him. The Plaintiff, like his uncles and
grandmother, knew nothing about the deceased’s conversion to Christianity.

3.2 When asked to describe his relationship with the Defendant, his
stepmother, he said that he did not dislike her. He acknowledged that she had
raised and looked after him and as such accorded her due respect.

3.3 As the only son, his father loved him. He, in turn, respected his father.
They had enjoyed a close relationship in which both had been able to freely
confide in each other.

3.4 Over the years, he had received gifts and financial assistance from his
father. In his lifetime, the deceased had given the Plaintiff a new Toyota
Starlet after he passed his driving test in 1980; a bigger car, a Toyota
Corolla in June 1997; a sum of $39,000 to help fund the purchase of his Ang Mo
Kio apartment in 1988 and later in March 1996 another sum of $27,349 to redeem
the mortgage. His father also paid for his wedding expenses and honeymoon.

3.5 During cross-examination, it emerged that during the lifetime of the
deceased, a POSB account no. 032-33055-0 (exhibit P4) and safe deposit box no.
172A (exhibit P5) were opened in the joint names of the deceased and the
Plaintiff. Both the POSB account and safe deposit box no. 172A were opened on
16 January 1991. The Defendant never knew about the existence of the POSB
account and safe deposit box no. 172A.

3.6 Although the POSB account was in joint names, the deceased did not operate
the account, as he had not attended at the POSB to sign the passbook. The
Plaintiff explained that that was intentional as the money was meant for him.

3.7 According to the Plaintiff, the deceased had given him some of the
dividends, which the deceased had received from TSE. All the money deposited
into the POSB account was from the deceased.

3.8 The Plaintiff testified that on instructions from his father, he closed
safe deposit box no. 172A on 19 March 1997. When he closed the safe deposit
box, there was a sum of $175,000 in it. Besides cash, there was nothing else
in the safe deposit box.

3.9 According to the Plaintiff, his father had asked him to deposit the cash
into their POSB account. On 19 March 1997, he deposited $100,000 and $75,000
on 20 March. As to why he did not at the same time deposit the entire sum, he
explained that the $75,000 was made up of $1000 notes and like him, his wife
had not seen $1000 notes before. He had simply taken $75,000 home to show his
wife.

3.10 On 21 January 1998, the Plaintiff withdrew $440,000 from their POSB
account following instructions from the deceased to close it. He claimed that
his father had given him the $440,000. On the same day, he deposited the money
into another POSB account no.089-30647-7 (exhibit P1), which is in the joint
name of the Plaintiff and his wife. This money was subsequently withdrawn at
different times in lots of $100,000 each and placed separately in fixed
deposit with OCBC in the joint names of the Plaintiff and his wife.

3.11 On 11 March 1998, the POSB account was closed. The Plaintiff took the
$35,505.53 that was left in the account. He could not recall how the money was
used.

3.12 The Plaintiff deposed in 53 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that in
June or July 1998, he accompanied his father to HSBC, Orchard Road branch to
access safe deposit box no. 919B. He was not told what his father had wanted
to retrieve from that safe deposit box. Whilst at the bank, his father
discovered to his surprise and annoyance that the Defendant had already closed
the safe deposit box. Later on, his father in his presence accused the
Defendant of taking his money and told her that she would never get hold of
his money.

3.13 In 50 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the Plaintiff stated that
around the time his father renewed the COE of his car and transferred it to
Joycelyn on 26 January 1998, his father retrieved an old piece of folded paper
(exhibit P7) from an old diary and then directed him to give it to Kwong Ling
and for the latter to contact the deceased. I shall hereafter refer to that
incident and related events as the "January 1998 episode."

3.14 The Plaintiff testified that he did not read P7, but had later learned
about his father’s will from Kwong Ling.

3.15 After his father’s death, he contacted Mr. Chua who traced the deceased’s
duplicate will in his firm’s Wills file. The Plaintiff accepted that the
original will was handed over to his father on 22 September 1969. In June
1997, he had occasion to look into a locked drawer in his father’s bedroom. At
that time, he did not see the original will or P7.

3.16 The Plaintiff in 42 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief stated that he
was told by the deceased that he, the deceased "_had settled or taken care of
everything for me and I need not have any worry about my future_." He also
deposed in 43 that the deceased had told him that important documents were
kept in the safe deposit box. The Plaintiff did not specify in his affidavit
the safe deposit box in question. Besides safe deposit box no. 172A, there was
safe deposit box no. 919B leased to the deceased and the Defendant.

3.17 The Plaintiff agreed that his father knew that he was terminally ill. He
did not in his father’s lifetime ask him where he had kept the original will.
He did not know why his father had not made available to him the original will
nor disclosed to him its whereabouts. He said that his father must have had
his reasons.

3.18 He disagreed with the Defendant’s Counsel that the deceased, prior to his
death, had destroyed the original will. He agreed with Counsel’s suggestion
put to him that it was unlikely that his father being such a careful man would
have mislaid or lost the original will. His father would have known where he
had placed the original will and that it would definitely be around.
Notwithstanding his surmise, the original will has not been found since the
death of his father.

_**

  
The Defendant’s Evidence

**_

4\. The Defendant testified that the deceased and she was a loving couple. On
account of the deceased’s ill health, the couple grew closer to each other
during the last ten years of their marriage.

4.1 The deceased in his lifetime was a fair-minded person, not at all old-
fashioned in his thinking. As such, he treated his children equally. She
disagreed that her husband was a traditional Chinese man who would prefer to
give more to his son than daughter. She did not believe the deceased would
have disposed of the residue of his estate in the proportions set out in the
duplicate will.

4.2 She denied forcing the deceased to become a Christian. She said that prior
to her husband’s baptism, he had sought his mother’s permission.

4.3 She admitted that after 3 March 1998, the deceased was still able to feed
himself, sit up and walk about with assistance.

4.4 As for safe deposit box no. 919B, her evidence is that the deceased kept
the key and she seldom opened the safe deposit box on her own. Sometime before
he had surgery to remove the malignant tumour in his brain, the deceased had
told her to close the safe deposit box no.919B, which she eventually did on 24
February 1998. When the safe deposit box was closed, there was nothing in
there except for some coins which she had brought home to keep.

4.5 She disagreed with the Plaintiff’s evidence that her husband went to the
safe deposit box in June or July 1998. She denied that the deceased had
subsequently confronted her in the way narrated by the Plaintiff.

4.6 On 20 August 1992, the deceased made a CPF nomination under which 50% of
the money in his CPF account would go to the Defendant and 25% each to the
Plaintiff and Joycelyn.

4.7 The Defendant said that she knew nothing about the will. During his
lifetime, the deceased had never spoken to her about it nor had she seen it,
whether original or any other like document, which had been executed by the
deceased. The Plaintiff did not prior to the deceased’s death disclose to the
Defendant exhibit P7. She learned about the existence of a will for the first
time seventeen days after the death of the deceased when M/s C. H. Chua & Co,
representing the Plaintiff at that time, wrote on 22 October 1998 informing
her of the will made in 1969 and her appointment as trustee and executrix. In
that same letter, the solicitors disclosed that the Plaintiff is a beneficiary
under the will and he wished to know when she would apply for probate.

_**

  
Findings and Decision

**_

5\. The Plaintiff’s case is that though the original will is missing and could
not be found, it had been duly executed in identical terms as the carbon copy
left with the Registry in connection with the Citation dated 27 September
1999, and it had never been revoked. Accordingly, the duplicate will should be
admitted to probate under section 9 of the _**Probate and Administration
Act**_ , Cap. 251 and the will proved.

6\. The Defendant’s primary contention is that the duplicate will does not
represent the last testamentary intentions of the deceased at the time of his
death. She asserts that the deceased in his lifetime had destroyed his will
with the intention of revoking it. Section 15 (d) of _**Wills Act**_ provides:

> _
>
> "15. No will or codicil, or any part thereof, shall be revoked otherwise
> than –
>
> (d) by the burning, tearing, or otherwise destroying the will by the
> testator, or by some person in his presence and by his direction, with the
> intention of revoking it."
>
> _

7\. To satisfy the requirements of section 15(d), the Defendant relies on a
prima facie rule of evidence, which states that a will, which could not be
found, is presumed to have been destroyed by the testator _animo revocandi_.

8\. The locus classicus of that well-known principle is found in the case of
_**Welch v Phillips** _(1836) 1 Moo.P.C. 299 _._ Parke B at page 301 states:

> _
>
> "Now the rule of the law of evidence on this subject ..is this: That if a
> Will, traced to the possession of the deceased, and last seen there, is not
> forthcoming on his death, it is presumed to have been destroyed by himself;
> and that presumption must have effect unless there is sufficient evidence to
> repel it. It is a presumption founded on good sense; for it is highly
> reasonable to suppose that an instrument of so much importance would be
> carefully preserved, by a person of ordinary caution, in some place of
> safety, and would not be either lost or stolen; and if on the death of the
> maker, it is not found in his usual repositories, or else where he resides,
> it is in a high degree probable, that the decease himself has purposely
> destroyed it. But this presumption, like all others of fact, may be rebutted
> by others which raise a higher degree of probability to the contrary."
>
> _

9\. The presumption of destruction _animo revocandi_ is acknowledged and
accepted by the authors of 15 _**Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore**_ at 190.213.

10\. The burden of adducing evidence to satisfy the court that the presumption
should be rebutted is on the Plaintiff. The ordinary civil standard of proof
on a reasonable balance of probability applies.

11\. An objection raised by Counsel for the Defendant in submissions is that
the Plaintiff had not pleaded any material fact to rebut the presumption. The
Plaintiff had simply joined issue with the Defendant on the presumption and
put the Defendant to strict proof. That narration of the pleadings is
incomplete. The Plaintiff in 5 of his Defence to the Counterclaim, expressly
denied the matters pleaded in the Counterclaim, which, amongst other things,
avers to the destruction of the will by the deceased with the intention of
revoking it. The Plaintiff went on to positively assert in the same paragraph
that the deceased left a valid and subsisting will at his death.

12\. I do not accept that a prima facie case of destruction cannot, in the
circumstances, be answered by such a denial. It is really up to those
representing the Defendant to request Further and Better Particulars of 5 of
the Defence to the Counterclaim.

13\. It is the Defendant’s case that important papers were kept by the
deceased in a locked drawer in his bedroom. Her argument is that it is
difficult to envisage that a careful man like the deceased, who kept in a
locked drawer in his bedroom his share certificates of TSE and personal papers
like 1920’s vaccination certificates, his own birth certificate in a sealed
plastic bag, would lose his will or leave it somewhere that it could not
readily be found. There is, however, evidence that the Plaintiff’s birth
certificate and the couple’s marriage certificate were not amongst the papers
in the locked drawer.

14\. When the will was executed, the deceased was residing at no. 38 St
Michael’s Road. That property was demolished to make way for a block of flats.
After completion of the development, the couple lived in one of the flats,
namely, 22A Mar Thoma Road, until the deceased’s death. The family would
naturally have had to move out of 38 St Michael’s Road, reside somewhere until
their flat was ready for occupation. It is possible that the original will
could have gone astray in any of these moves.

15\. The family business, Teck Seng Company, was initially located at a shop
along Rochor Road. Later in 1972, the business operated out of 66 Jalan Besar.
In 1984 or 1985, following a fire at the Jalan Besar shop, the deceased moved
the family business to 41 Desker Road. Again, it is possible that the original
will could have gone astray in any of these moves. It is to be remembered that
two photostat copies of the will were found in the photo albums kept at 41
Desker Road.

16\. So the simple loss of the original will is at least as much a possibility
as the destruction, which is presumed from the mere fact of absence of the
document at the date of death.

17\. It is clear that between the parties, it is accepted that the last that
was ever seen of the original will was when it was handed over to the deceased
on 22 September 1969 after it was duly executed and witnessed. Mr. Chua
testified that in the normal course, the original will would have been handed
over to the testator. The proper inference to be made is that the original
will was in the hands of the deceased after execution. Both parties have
admitted in their respective pleadings that after death it could not be found.
It is not the Plaintiff’s case that the Defendant had anything to do with the
missing will.

18\. I am satisfied that the rebuttable presumption of destruction arises here
in circumstances where the deceased has had possession of his original will
but, it could not be found after his death.

19\. Therefore, the sole question for determination is whether there is
sufficient evidence before me to rebut the presumption. Where evidence to
rebut the presumption of destruction is admissible, counter-evidence is then
admissible to support the presumption.

20\. There is, in my view, evidence standing on its own sufficient to warrant
a holding that the presumption of destruction is rebutted. I have reached this
conclusion even though my confidence in the Plaintiff as a witness is
undermined by his answers to questions in the witness stand. He is in the
habit of giving lengthy answers to straightforward questions. What is damaging
is that some of his evidence is either demonstrably false or wholly
incredible. Save for undisputed facts, I have not accepted evidence of his,
which is not corroborated or supported by contemporaneous documents.

21\. Fortunately for the Plaintiff, the most significant piece of rebuttal
evidence is the January 1998 episode, which is corroborated by Kwong Ling.

22\. Kwong Ling stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that in January
1998, the Plaintiff handed him P7 together with the message that his father
wished to see him. He noticed that P7 was a will having seen the word "Will"
and recognized the deceased’s signature. Kwong Ling said he did not read the
whole of P7. He returned P7 to the Plaintiff after having two photostat copies
made.

23\. A day or two later, he together with his wife visited the deceased as
requested. The Defendant did not challenge this visit. The Defendant agreed
that the deceased would discuss important matters with his brothers.

24\. During this visit, a conversation solely between Kwong Ling and the
deceased went on in the following way. The deceased asked him in Hokkien "_wa
eh wee cheok hoh boh_ ". A literal English translation of the question is: ‘Is
my will good?", to which Kwong Ling replied "yes".

25\. Kwong Ling believed that the deceased had wanted his opinion on the
disposition of the residue of his estate in P7 when that question was asked.
Again, he believed that the deceased in showing him P7 had wanted to let his
brothers know that he had made a will.

26\. Kwong Ling’s oral testimony is that before visiting the deceased, he met
his brothers and told them about the will. At this meeting, he showed his
brothers a photostat copy of the will. His brothers looked at it and decided
that it was the deceased’s personal matter.

27\. He admitted to making an error in 8 of his affidavit evidence-in-chief.
In 8, he referred to a meeting with his five brothers to discuss the will
after visiting the deceased. In the witness stand, he said that the meeting
was before the visit.

28\. Kwong Ling later made three or four other visits to the deceased. During
those subsequent visits, they never talked about the will. Neither was the
whereabouts of the original will disclosed.

29\. Lim Choon Ling (PW4) is the Plaintiff’s sixth uncle.

30\. Lim Choon Ling ("Choon Ling") did not see P7 or a photostat copy made
from it. It was Kwong Ling who told him about it. No copy of the will was
passed around at the meeting with his brothers to discuss the will.

31\. Kwong Ling, 70, came across as a sincere and honest witness who, within
the limits of his memory, was doing his best to give fair and accurate
evidence. He was forthright with his answers. He readily volunteered
information about the deceased’s joint investments with his brothers. There is
no justification for drawing any adverse inference from the close working
relationship the Plaintiff enjoys with his two uncles.

32\. Choon Ling’s evidence is relevant in that it corroborates Kwong Ling’s
testimony that the deceased’s brothers did discuss the will and they decided
that it was a private matter. The inconsistencies in Kwong Ling’s testimony
when compared with that of Choon Ling as to timing and circulation of a
photocopy of the will at the meeting with the brothers are immaterial.

33\. Choon Ling initially said that when the deceased was still alive, the
brothers knew nothing of the will; so there was nothing to discuss. He later
corrected this evidence as he had made a mistake. I accept Choon Ling’s
explanation that he was tensed during the start of cross-examination and
misunderstood the question.

34\. The Plaintiff said that two months after the January 1998 episode, his
father had told him to see a lawyer after his death about the will.
Thereafter, his father would occasionally remind him of that. According to the
Plaintiff, he went to see Mr. Chua on his own volition and on the instructions
from his father. I reject this oral evidence as untruthful. Not only was this
material evidence not contained in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, his
oral testimony contradicts an earlier affidavit affirmed on 16 November 1999
in respect of previous proceedings on the same subject matter. In the November
affidavit, he deposed:

> "8. _[A]fter the death of my late father on 6.10.98 and**as I (sic) not
> close to my stepmother** **I decided to approach the lawyer Mr Chua Chong
> Hong** who acted for my late father and who signed as one of the witnesses
> of the will of my late father for advice._" [emphasis added]

35\. I infer from the January 1998 episode that, at any rate, up to then the
deceased knew that he had made the will, was conscious of it and intended that
it should take effect.

36\. The January 1998 episode alone points to a continued intention to adhere
to the will. I have not found any cogent evidence to suggest that the deceased
changed his mind after the January 1998 episode. Nothing in the way of cogent
evidence happened or occurred or which could reasonably be supposed to have
occurred in the eight months, which preceded his death, to restore, as it
were, the presumption, that the original will was taken out and destroyed.

37\. I find that the deceased was lucid, at least up to end July 1998. He was
mentally alert enough to have sought his mother’s permission before becoming a
Christian. He was baptized on 3 March 1998. Between 2 and 25 July 1998, he was
still able to attend at least ten physiotherapy sessions at Balestier
Hospital.

38\. Choon Ling said that the deceased had telephoned him a few times for his
personal mail and belongings at the office. The last time he called was in
June or July 1998 with instructions to hand over to the Plaintiff his personal
belongings. He handed three photo albums to the Plaintiff.

39\. According to the Defendant, the deceased had also given her instructions
for his funeral.

40\. I have no doubt that the deceased knew that death was imminent. He had
time and opportunity to carry out his intentions, if he had wanted to provide
more for his wife and adopted daughter.

41\. It seems highly improbable that the deceased, who was a man of careful
and meticulous disposition, would simply have destroyed his will without first
seeking legal advice, as he did when he made his will in 1969, if he had
intended to change the disposition of the residue of his estate. After all,
that would be what he, as an astute and successful businessman would have
reasonably done. It is not likely that the deceased would have favoured
intestacy. There is evidence from Mr. Chua that the deceased was aware of the
implications of dying without a will when he saw him in 1969 in connection
with his will.

42\. Counsel for the Defendant submits that there are several factors that
would support the presumption of destruction.

43\. The first factor is the CPF nomination of 30 August 1992 whereby the
deceased nominated the Defendant to receive 50% of his CPF money and 25% each
to the Plaintiff and Joycelyn. The CPF nomination is not disputed. The
Defendant contends that this nomination is a reflection of the fairness with
which the deceased had treated his wife and children in his lifetime. The
Plaintiff refutes any such equality in treatment.

44\. I accept Counsel for the Plaintiff’s argument that the CPF nomination
does not assist the Defendant. The CPF nomination was made in August 1992,
some five years before the January 1998 episode. The CPF nomination is a
record of the deceased’s wishes as regards his CPF money, which is separate
and distinct from a testamentary disposition of the residue of his estate. I
view and treat the CPF nomination as an instance of the deceased’s disposition
of one of his assets during his lifetime, but not as a reflection of the final
testamentary intentions of the deceased.

45\. If indeed he had wanted to change his will to bring it in line with his
CPF nomination, I would have expected the deceased to make a new will or
codicil. It would be out of character for the deceased to tear up his will
without apparently telling anyone or consulting his brothers or lawyer.

46\. The second factor relates to various conversations the Defendant and the
deceased have had after he was diagnosed as suffering from colon cancer in
September 1996. They ranged from the need for financial independence in the
context of children abandoning their aged parents to the deceased’s assurances
that there would be sufficient savings for both of them.

47\. The Defendant in 87 (b) of her written testimony stated:

> _
>
> "(b) When my late husband became ill, I was also very worried as I had
> depended on him totally all my life, not having worked a single day. I had
> voiced my concern to my late husband on several occasions and he had told me
> not to worry. He told me that there would be enough savings for both of us
> since the children are all grown up and had their own family."
>
> _

48\. I cannot see how the deceased’s assurances can be a factor in support of
the presumption. The operative word there is "savings". The deceased was
talking about his "savings" which is but a portion of his wealth. The anxiety
on this score was that of the Defendant. I cannot see how the deceased’s
assurances could possibly be said to lend any support to the notion that he
had destroyed his will.

49\. There is no cogent evidence to suggest that the deceased had some deep-
seated malaise, arising from his terminal illness and sizeable medical bills,
which would have led him or could reasonably be thought to have led him to
destroy his will and instead opt for intestacy in order to provide for his
family.

50\. Counsel for the Defendant contends that there are several reasons that
might have influenced the deceased or caused him to change his mind and to
tear up his will without consulting or telling anybody. His argument centred
on changes in circumstances and the effluxion of time since the will was
executed.

51\. The will was executed some 29 years ago. At the time the deceased
executed the will on 22 September 1969, he had lived with the Defendant as
husband and wife for nine years. The Plaintiff was then only twelve years old.
Joycelyn was four years old then and was not yet legally adopted by the
deceased and Defendant. She was legally adopted on 20 April 1970. At that
time, the choice of the Defendant as trustee and executrix was natural. The
will was then necessary to provide for Joycelyn.

52\. Since then, the children have grown up and have their own families.
Counsel for the Defendant argues that as at October 1998 the deceased no
longer had to be concern about the Plaintiff’s future in the same way he did
when the Plaintiff was still a child. He had already through lifetime gifts
adequately provided for the Plaintiff.

53\. At time of death, the Defendant and deceased had been married for 37
years. During his illness, the Defendant was the primary care giver for 25
months until his death. I find nothing in that which suggests a reason as to
why the deceased having executed his will and having sought his brother’s
opinion on his will in January 1998 should seek to change it. Such evidence in
my view is irrelevant and does not support the presumption. The deceased
probably expected from his wife the care she had given him.

54\. Counsel’s argument that the will seems obsolete given the assets amassed
over the years is misplaced. The will is in simple and clear terms, prepared
like most wills to be timeless in application.

55\. The Defendant’s evidence is that she did not know about the will before
22 October 1998. I accept her Counsel’s submission that as trustee and
executrix of the will, she should at least be told about this. But it is quite
clear that the deceased was reticent with his wife when it came to such
matters in the same way he kept from her the existence of the POSB joint
account with his son and safe deposit box no. 172A.

56\. Her husband’s reticence about his testamentary intentions is evidence
against the application of the presumption. This reticence could be because he
may have been merely trying to stop any questioning or discussion. It is no
indication that the will was not his last testamentary intentions or that the
deceased had made a will but had revoked it.

57\. In these circumstances, I hold that the presumption of destruction _animo
revocandi_ , is rebutted and I order that the duplicate will be admitted to
probate.

58\. The Defendant’s Counterclaim is accordingly dismissed.

59\. On the question of costs for the main action, I order that costs payable
to the Plaintiff be taxed and paid out of the estate. This trial was necessary
because of the missing original will. The Defendant, who has little formal
education, was not told that the deceased had made a will in 1969 until after
22 October 1998. The January 1998 episode was raised for the first time in the
Plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief, just 2 months before the trial of
this action. In my view, the Defendant, in the circumstances, had acted
reasonably in defending the action.

60\. Save for the relief sought in the Counterclaim, the issues in the main
action are the same as the Counterclaim. They overlap and were tried at the
same time. Therefore, I make no order as to costs on the Counterclaim.

Sgd:

BELINDA ANG SAW EAN  
JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Mar 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

