Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Veria Engineering & Development Pte Ltd v Lam Hong Leong Aluminium Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGHC 277

Case Number | : | DCA 34/2002/D  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 November 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chia Ti Lik [Chia Ngee Thuang & Co] for the appellants; David Ong [David Ong & Co] for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Veria Engineering & Development Pte Ltd — Lam Hong Leong Aluminium Pte Ltd   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. The appellants were employed by the respondents as the main contractor in
the building and alteration of some workshops and a factory at 29 Jurong Port
Road. A dispute arose over the certification of work by the certification of
work by the architect. Consequently, the appellants commenced a suit in the
District Court claiming a sum of $138,000 from the respondents as money
wrongly deducted by the latter. The respondents filed a defence and counter-
claim. Judgment was given in favour of the appellants for the sum of $138,000
and some other smaller amounts at the end of the trial. This appeal only
concerned the respondents' counter-claim.

2\. The trial judge awarded a sum of $56,858.06 to the respondents in respect
of their counter-claim. The amount originally pleaded was $63,914.06 but
counsel conceded that part of this sum could not be maintained and claimed the
lesser sum instead. The facts relating to the counter-claim are as follows.

3\. The respondents say that they had issued a credit note (CN03/0298) in
favour of the appellant amounting to $72,271.94 believing that various
invoices were erroneously drawn up and issued to the appellants. However, they
subsequently realised that there was no error and therefore the credit note
itself was erroneously issued. To right matters, a debit note, DN 5805A was
issued for the purpose of cancelling out the said credit note. The amount
awarded by the trial judge to the respondents in respect of the counter-claim
was the figure taken from DN 8505A. The appellants appealed against that order
on the ground that DN 8505A was not issued in good faith in that by 26 August
1998 all relevant monetary matters relating to CN03/0298 had been resolved and
compromised. Consequently, there was no basis for the respondents to issue DN
5805A to recover a debt that had been settled and resolved.

4\. Mr. Ong, counsel for the respondents, submitted that the dispute really
hinged on the meeting between Mr. Lim of the appellant company and Miss See of
the respondent company on 26 August 1998. Counsel submitted that at this
meeting the parties had agreed to settle their account subject to the
verification of CN03/0298 by the respondents. This assertion was strenuously
challenged by Mr. Chia for the appellants. Mr. Chia sought to persuade me that
it was illogical for the parties to settle the account leaving out claims
relating to DN 8505A. Furthermore, counsel submitted that subsequent to the
meeting of 26 August, the respondents conducted themselves as if DN 8505A did
not exist. He said that the respondents continued to make other payments owing
by the respondents to the appellants without asking for a set-off against the
money due to them by reason of DN 8505A.

5\. It is obvious that the dispute between the parties was over the question
of what was agreed at the meeting of 26 August 1998 between Mr. Lim and Miss
See. It is purely a question of fact. Mr. Chia's submission may have a point
in that the version he attributed to his clients may sound sensible, but I
cannot say that the respondents version was therefore incredible. In the
circumstances, it must be left to the trier of fact to sieve the grain from
the chaff. In this case, the trial judge had considered the two opposing
versions and adjudged in favour of the respondents. In doing so, the judge had
concluded that Mr. Lim was - to put it mildly - an unreliable witness. Nothing
by way of what Mr. Chia had drawn my attention to in this appeal is sufficient
to overcome the impression and finding of the trial judge as to which of the
two witnesses is to be believed. Mr. Chia argued that the trial judge ought
not to have allowed Miss See to give oral evidence beyond her evidence in the
affidavit of evidence-in-chief because as a representative of the respondents
she had the benefit of sitting in court. As a result, Mr. Chia contended, the
trial judge failed to make allowance for the opportunity that Miss See had in
tailoring her evidence to suit the respondents' case. Mr. Chia also submitted
that Miss See was evasive under cross-examination, but the judge found Mr. Lim
to be the evasive one; so, not having observed either, I must defer to the
judgment of one who did.

6\. For the reasons above the appeal was dismissed.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Nov 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

