Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Jurong Town Corp v Shutters 31 Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGHC 175

Case Number | : | OS 227/2002, SIC 2288/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 August 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Constance Tay (Ramdas & Wong) for the plaintiffs; Chia Boon Teck (Chia Yeo Partnership) for AmerFab Pte Ltd   
Parties | : |  Jurong Town Corp — Shutters 31 Pte Ltd   
  
Landlord and Tenant – Distress for rent – Seizure of defendants' property
under writ of distress – Whether defendants have reputed ownership of property
as at date of seizure – Whether seizure of property rightful  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. This was an application by AmerFab Pte Ltd ("AmerFab") claiming that it is
the owner of a Strippit machine that was seized by the sheriff under a writ of
distress taken out by the plaintiff, Jurong Town Corporation ("JTC") on 4
March 2002 against their tenant Shutters 31 Pte Ltd in respect of arrears in
rent amounting to $387,099.13. The Strippit was allegedly purchased by AmerFab
for $$82,400. An auction was held on 9 July 2002 from which about $77,000 was
recovered. By order of this court, the Strippit was not put on auction pending
determination of AmerFab's claim. AmerFab subsequently filed an affidavit
through Ong Hei Lai that enclosed photographs of the Strippit. On two sides of
the Strippit were pasted a large notice stating "Property Of AmerFab Pte Ltd.
Tel 96315915". The photographs were taken on 23 July 2002 by Ong Hei Lai .
From the photographs, it appears that the premises were deserted and the only
item seen in it was the Strippit. Mr. Ong Hei Lai was accompanied by his
solicitor when he went to take the photograph on 23 July. Miss Tay, counsel
for JTC disputes the assertion that the notices had been pasted on the machine
at the time when the Writ of Distress was executed.

2\. This factual dispute is the important foundation for the claimant’s legal
submissions. It is so important that if found in the claimant's favour, Miss
Tay would concede that I must release the Strippit. The legal point itself is
not complicated. It rests on the Court of Appeal decision in _Plaza Singapura
(Pte) Ltd v Cosdel (S) Pte Ltd_[1990] SLR 93. Counsel before me conceded that
on the authority of the _Cosdel_ case, the plaintiff would only be allowed to
seize the Strippit if the debtor had reputed ownership of it. On the facts,
Mr. Chia, counsel for AmerFab, submitted that there could be no reputed
ownership simply because of the notice that was pasted on the machine stating
expressly that the machine was the property of AmerFab. The Court of Appeal in
the _Cosdel_ case made it clear that the burden of proof lay on the claimant,
in this case, AmerFab to show that they were the rightful owner, and this
would implicitly require it to show evidence that there was no basis to
conclude that the tenant had reputed ownership.

3\. Miss Tay for JTC adduced two affidavits on behalf of the JTC. They were
the affidavits of Ong Keong Soon and Muhamad Yusri, both of whom were
executive officers of JTC. They deposed that they accompanied the Sheriff on 4
March 2002 to affix the Sheriff's seal. They affirmed that the notice in
question was not seen on the Strippit. They also affirm that they did not see
the said notice on 9 July, the day of the auction. Their evidence was that the
notice was so large and prominent that if they were there their presence could
not have been missed. Mr. Ong Keong soon also commented that the notices were
in too pristine a condition to have been pasted after Chinese New Year as Ong
Hei Lai had deposed in his affidavit. It was not disputed that Chinese New
Year this year fell on 12 February. But Mr. Ong Hei Lai did not specify the
exact date after Chinese New Year when the notices were pasted. In the course
of submissions, Mr. Chia said that he had been instructed that his client
would be able to find at least ten witnesses who will say that they saw the
notices on the Strippit on the day of the auction. I agreed with Miss Tay that
even if I had allowed Mr. Chia's application to adduce further affidavits from
these persons, the evidence would be immaterial because the only relevant date
would be 4 March 2002 when the Sheriff affixed his seal on the Strippit. In
this regard, I then directed that the Sheriff to depose as to what he saw or
did not see on that day.

4\. Miss Tay also brought to my attention that this same Strippit was
previously claimed by Visas Industries Pte Ltd on 18 May 2002. That
application was dismissed by Belinda Ang JC on 8 June 2002. This was soon
followed by AmerFab's application before me on 8 July 2002. If that was the
case, it must follow that AmerFab's notice was not placed on the machine prior
to 18 May 2002. It must have been placed long after the Chinese New Year. Mr.
Chia submitted that his client does not know why Mr. Ho made a claim for the
Strippit on behalf of Visas, which as counsel conceded, was a sister company
to Shutters 31 of which Mr. Ho was also a director. It is obvious that Mr. Ho
must know that the Strippit had already been sold to AmerFab. Mr. Ho went out
of his way to produce a hire purchase agreement to show that Visas had
purchased the Strippit machine (identifying it by its registration number).
The present claim was made after Visas's claim before Belinda Ang JC had
failed, and only a few days before the scheduled auction. The claim by Visas
was that the machine belonged to them but had been left at the defendant's
(Shutters 31) premises for storage. This was the same reason presently put up
by AmerFab. From the record, and the documents put in by AmerFab showing that
it had bought the machine from Shutters 31 in July 2001, it appears that
AmerFab paid $82,400 for a machine but left it to idle at the vendor's
premises for a year. Mr. Chia submitted that AmerFab was looking for a buyer
for the machine but was not successful. Considering that a specific bank loan
was taken out for $82,400 at compound interest rates, it is, in my view, most
unlikely that no firmer action was taken to cut loss. I am not at all
convinced by the invoice and receipt issued by Shutters 31 to AmerFab. In any
event, the question is whether, the defendant Shutters 31 had reputed
ownership at the date of the execution of the writ of distress. In this
regard, Mr. Chow Chee Wai the Bailiff filed an affidavit to the effect that he
did not see the said AmerFab notice on the Strippit when he placed the
Sheriff's seal on it, and further, that he would not have missed it had it
been there. I am satisfied with his evidence. The said notice was too large
and too prominent for anyone to have overlooked it.

5\. On the evidence before me, I am not persuaded that the notices were placed
on the Strippit at the time the Writ of Distress was executed, and there is
nothing to convince me that the tenant had reputed ownership of the machine.
AmerFab's claim was therefore dismissed.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Aug 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

