Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Cheng Poh Building Construction Pte Ltd v First City Builders Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGHC 272

Case Number | : | Suit 438/2002/J, RA 175/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 November 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Intekhab Khan [J Koh & Co] for the plaintiffs; Tang Gee Ni [Chia & Tang] for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Cheng Poh Building Construction Pte Ltd — First City Builders Pte Ltd   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1 This is a limited appeal. The plaintiff is appealing against such part of my
decision made on 15 August 2002 as decided that there be a stay on the
judgment sum of $580,782 and that the costs of the Registrar’s Appeal No. 175
of 2002 be in the cause. On 17 July 2002 the Senior Assistant Registrar
ordered that final judgment in favour of the plaintiffs be entered against the
defendants in the sum of $580,782 with costs fixed at $4,000. But he granted
unconditional leave to the defendants to defend the balance of the claims, in
the amount of $566,958.62.

2 In ordering a stay of execution of the judgment sum of $580,782 I exercised
the discretion conferred on me by Order 14 Rule 3(2) of the Rules of Court,
1997 Ed. ("the Rules") which provides that in summary judgment proceedings
"the Court may by order, and subject to such conditions, if any, as may be
just, stay execution of any judgment… until after the trial of any
counterclaim made or raised by the defendant in the action".

3 In Sheppards & Co v Wilkinson & Jarvis (1889) 6 T.L.R. 13 the Master of the
Rolls said:-

> > "There might be either a defence to the Claim which was plausible, or
> there might be a counterclaim pure and simple. To shut out such a
> counterclaim if there was any substance in it would be an autocratic and
> violent use of Order XIV. The Court has no power to try such a counterclaim
> on such an application, but if they thought it so far plausible that it was
> not unreasonably possible for it to succeed if brought to trial, it ought
> not to be excluded."

4 Lindley L.J. in the same case was reported to have said "The counterclaim
was by no means frivolous, and the defendants ought not to be shut out from
trying it".

5 The discretion was exercised against the following background. In March 2001
Comfort Resources Pte Ltd ("the Employers") engaged the defendants as main
contractors for the erection of a part single and part three storey building
at No. 51 Shipyard Road, Singapore ("the Shipyard Road project"). By an
agreement dated 13 September 2001 ("the Agreement") the defendants engaged the
plaintiffs as their sub-contractors to complete the Shipyard project for the
lump sump of $1,895,250.00.

6 When defendants were paid against architects’ certificates for the work done
and materials supplied, defendants would in turn pay the plaintiffs less 5%
for retention monies and 5% for the defendants’ profit and attendance. In this
action, the plaintiffs claimed against defendants the sum of $1,147,740.62.
The claim was readily admitted by the defendants but the defendants asserted
that they had set-offs and counterclaims against the plaintiffs which would
extinguish and exceed the claims of the plaintiffs. In respect of the Shipyard
Road project, it was common ground that the plaintiffs had, in turn, sub-
contracted certain works of the Shipyard Road project back to the defendants.
The defendants specialized in steel modular formwork and the plaintiffs
engaged them to carry out those works and some aspects of the Shipyard Road
project. The fact that the defendants had carried out work and supplied
materials were not controverted; only the quantum payable and whether there
were defective works were questions and allegations raised by the plaintiffs.
For the purposes of this limited appeal, it should be noted that it is no
longer a live issue that the defendants had raised an arguable case for an
equitable set-off and the amount to be set-off against the plaintiffs claims
is $566,958.62.

7 It is also common ground that the plaintiffs had engaged the defendants to
carry building works and supply materials in two other projects known as The
Tuas Avenue Project and the Limau project. The defendants had also carried out
Day Works, most of which were done at the two projects, plus Day Works carried
out elsewhere at the request of the plaintiffs. The defendants asserted that
their claims for these other work done and materials supplied, which had
nothing to do with the Shipyard Road Project totaled $758,162.39. These were
claims made bona fide and they are plausible. As the claims stood, these set-
offs would if successful overtop the balance of the claims of the plaintiffs
which stood at $566,958.62 for which conditional leave to defend was given.

8 I should at once note that the plaintiffs, whilst admitting that the
defendants had done work and supplied materials for their account in the two
projects and other Day Works, strenuously disputed that these were liquidated
claims. In any case, they asserted counterclaims against the defendants for
serious defects, particularly in the Limau project, for which the defendants
were liable. For those two reasons, the plaintiffs disputed that the
defendants had any enforceable legal set-offs to assert against the claims of
the plaintiffs.

9 I now set out the reasons which persuaded me to order the stay of execution
and to hold over the question of the cost of the appeal before me to be
decided by the trial judge. First, it was evident that both parties had been
carrying out work for and supplying materials to each other. On top of that,
they had in effect been maintaining a very loose and informal running account,
setting off or deducting each other’s claims. The accounting for the Shipyard
Road project was relatively straightforward in that payments were only due
against architects’ certificates. There was no such certification for the
other works in the Tuas Avenue project and the Limau Project. The plaintiffs
had not taken legal action until the filing of this action because the
defendants had been carrying out work for and supplying materials to them. In
the result, there developed the situation that the plaintiffs had a credit
claim of $566,982.62**** in respect the Shipyard Road project but there is a
credible cross claim of $758,162.39. In the event that the plaintiff failed in
their claims for the balance and if the defendants succeeds in their claims
for the other three separate transactions, then the defendants would have a
judgment which would more than cancel out the judgment sum. Not to have
ordered a stay would have severely disrupted the previous management of their
respective claims against the other which they had put in place and operated
for months before the commencement of this action.

10 Secondly, in addition to maintaining the de factor status quo between the
parties so far as settling their respective accounts were concerned, I did not
think that the plaintiffs would suffer any significant prejudice if a stay was
ordered. The prosecution of their claims could be expeditiously done and their
case could come on very quickly. It was not likely that the defendants could
delay matters in the light of the present efficient case management in our
court system.

11 Thirdly, the enforcement of the judgment could cause severe disruptions to
the business of the defendants. The plaintiffs had allowed their claims to
accumulate to the huge sum of $1,147,740.62. The defendants asserted that the
reason why no action was taken by the plaintiffs was because the defendants
had carried out for them and supplied to them materials in the other two
projects, in addition to the Day Works which were ordered by the plaintiffs
from time to time.

12 Having considered these reasons and the overall impression of the
respective claims, I made the orders I did.

Sgd:

Lai Kew Chai

Judge

> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Nov 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

