Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ooi Ching Ling Shirley v Just Gems Inc  
[2002] SGCA 38

Case Number | : | CA 15/2002, NM 26/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 August 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Benjamin Goh (Arthur Loke Bernard Rada & Lee) for the appellant; Philip Ling (instructed) and Mohamed Gul (Peter Low, Tang & Belinda Ang) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Ooi Ching Ling Shirley — Just Gems Inc   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Security for costs – Application for further
security for costs – Applicable test and considerations in granting such
applications – Whether circumstances warrant making order for further security
– O 57 r 3(4) Rules of Court  
  
Words and Phrases – 'Fit' – O 57 r 3(4) Rules of Court  
  

Finance [1999] 3 SLR 229 meant that enforcing a judgment for costs against the
appellant’s property would entail undue delay and expense.

**

Held,

**granting the respondents’ application:

(1) The power granted to the court by O 57 r 3(4) confers an unfettered
discretion to the court to make orders as it deems "fit". This concept of
"fit" must encompass the notion of what is just in all the circumstances (see
17-18)

(2) Foreign residency is a ground warranting the imposition of further
security for costs if there would be undue delay and expense in enforcing an
order for costs, since the whole point of ordering a foreign plaintiff or
appellant to furnish security is to ensure that a fund would be available
within the jurisdiction of this court against which a successful defendant or
respondent could enforce the order for costs (see 19, 27), _De Bry v
Fitzgerald_[1990] 1 All ER 560 and _Porzelack KG v Porzelack (UK) Ltd_[1987] 1
WLR 420 followed.

(3) The merits of the appeal are also a valid factor for consideration in
determining whether it is just to order that further security be furnished.
Here, it had been assumed that there could be some merits in the appeal. (see
29)

(4) Another factor to be considered is if the application is so late that the
bulk of the costs have already been incurred by the appellant. The court would
look at whether there was a satisfactory explanation by the appellant, in the
absence of which the application may be refused. (see 20)

(5) In the present case, the appellant’s previous conduct evidenced an
intention to resist vigorously an order for costs if made against her and it
was likely that she would make it difficult for any enforcement of such order
to take place. It was notable that in her affidavit filed to oppose the
application, she was silent concerning the respondents’ allegations that she
did not intend to satisfy the judgement debt and/or costs awarded against her.
In addition, her conduct in relation to the attempts by the respondents’ to
satisfy their judgment debt gave the impression that she was trying to evade
enforcement action. (see 14, 24-25)

(6) The respondents had only made their application when it became clear from
the appellant’s conduct that she was likely to resist enforcement of an order
for costs against her; hence, there could not be said to be a delay in the
making of the application (see 21,22)

(7) Enforcement of an order for costs against the appellant was also likely to
give rise to undue delay and expense for two reasons: Firstly, there is no
arrangement for reciprocal enforcement of judgments between Singapore and USA,
where the appellant is resident; secondly, the ruling in _Malayan Banking_
meant that the fact that the appellant was a joint tenant of a private
residential property in Singapore would not obviate there from being
difficulties in enforcement of an order for costs (see 26)

(8) It was also clear that the appellant was a person with means, hence there
was no danger of her appeal being stifled by an order to furnish security. In
view of all the circumstances, an order to the appellants to furnish further
security of $30,000 was appropriate and just. (see 27-28)

**

Case(s) referred to

**_

De Bry v Fitzgerald

_[1990] 1 All ER 560 (folld) _

Lek Swee Hua v American Express International Inc

_[1991] 2 MLJ 151 (refd) _

Malayan Banking Bhd v Focal Finance Ltd

_[1999] 3 SLR 229 (refd) _

Porzelack KG v Porzelack (UK) Ltd

_[1987] 1 WLR 420 (folld) **

Legislation referred to

**

Rules of Court O 57 r 3(4)

Rules of the Supreme Court (1965) [UK] O 59 r 10(5)

****

**Judgment**

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

1 This was an application by way of a motion, filed by the respondent, in
Civil Appeal No. 15/2002 for an order to require the appellant to furnish
further security for the costs of the appeal. After hearing the parties, we
allowed the motion by ordering that a further security of $30,000 be furnished
by the appellant. The standard security of $10,000 was already furnished when
the notice of appeal was filed. We now give our reasons.

**

Background

**

2 The appellant, Shirley Ooi Ching Ling (Shirley Ooi), is a substantial
shareholder in a British Virgin Island company, Pacific Rim Trading Ltd
(Pacific Rim). It is an investment company. Pacific Rim, in turn, held shares
of a Californian company, Agate Technologies Inc (Agate), which is involved in
the development of software technology. Shirley Ooi is a shareholder of
Pacific Rim and a director of both Pacific Rim and Agate.

3 In June 1996, Shirley Ooi offered to sell to one Jamilah Binti Abu Bakar
(Jamilah) 750,000 shares in Agate. The respondent company, Just Gems Inc
(JGI), was incorporated by Jamilah also in British Virgin Island to hold the
Agate shares for Jamilah. Some two months later, Shirley Ooi offered to
Jamilah about 22% of Pacific Rim shares (or the equivalent of 1,000,000 Agate
shares) for a sum of US$500,000. This latter offer was accepted. Payment was
to be by instalments. Jamilah claimed that on 16 September 1996, she paid
US$200,000 into Shirley Ooi’s Citibank account. This was followed by
US$250,000 on 6 November 1996 and US$100,000 on 20 November 1996\. In total,
US$550,000 was paid. It was explained that an excess of US$50,000 was paid by
mistake. The Pacific Rim shares so bought by Jamilah were to be registered in
the name of JGI.

4 On the other hand, Shirley Ooi asserted that only US$450,000 had been paid.
Eventually, a total of 126,001 shares in Pacific Rim were, by mistake,
registered in the name of Jamilah. Following a capital restructuring, this
shareholding of Jamilah became 900,007 shares, representing slightly more than
20% of the shares in Pacific Rim. Despite numerous requests, and Shirley Ooi’s
promise that the shares would be transferred and registered in the name of the
respondent, JGI, this was never done. JGI instituted the present action
seeking a declaration that the contract between JGI and Shirley Ooi was void
for a total failure of consideration, as JGI never became a shareholder of
Pacific Rim. It also asked for the return of the US$550,000 paid to Shirley
Ooi.

5 The trial judge, Judith Prakash J, found that a contract was concluded
between JGI and Shirley Ooi; that the contract was void due to a failure of
consideration, and that Shirley Ooi should return the US$550,000 to JGI.
Shirley Ooi was dissatisfied with the decision and has appealed, and which
appeal is pending.

6 On 21 May 2002, JGI applied by motion for further security for costs in a
sum of S$100,000. On 2 July 2002, this was refused by a single Judge
exercising the powers under s 36(1) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act
(SCJA). Following that refusal, JGI applied to this Court to review the
decision of the single Judge and asked that the application for further
security be granted.

**

Grounds for application

**

7 The grounds upon which JGI sought to obtain further security for costs fell
under three main heads.

(i) Shirley Ooi is not ordinarily resident in Singapore;

(ii) the conduct of Shirley Ooi showed that she was evasive and did not want
to satisfy the judgment debt owed by her and was likely to resist any
enforcement of any order for costs; and

(iii) although she has an asset in Singapore, in the form of a flat jointly
owned with her husband, enforcement of any order on costs would be protracted
and expensive.

8 It was not in dispute that Shirley Ooi was and is ordinarily resident in
California, USA. According to her solicitors, she has been residing in USA
"for at least the past six years", if not longer. She is the Chief Financial
Officer of Agate.

9 JGI also referred to the following facts regarding the residential address
of Shirley Ooi. In her affidavit of evidence-in-chief she stated her address
to be care of 519 Montague Expressway, Milipitas, CA 95035, the company
address of Agate. At the trial she stated on oath that she resided at 1600
Carmentia Road, Cerritos, California 90703, which was not the case. In her
certificate for security for costs, the address 16000 Carmentia Road was given
as a "care of" address. Then, by a search through the INTERNET, for the
purposes of levying execution on the judgment obtained against Shirley Ooi,
JGI discovered the correct address to be "16000 Carmenita Road", and not
"16000 Carmentia Road" and that the address was the address of Agate.

10 On 6 March 2002, JGI’s solicitors, M/s Peter Low, Tang & Belinda Ang (PL),
requested Shirley Ooi, through her Singapore solicitors, M/s Arthur Loke
Bernard Rada & Lee (AL), to pay up the judgment sum. It drew no response
whatsoever. On 26 April 2002, JGI served a copy of an order to examine the
judgment debtor on Shirley Ooi’s Singapore solicitors. On the same day, PL
asked AL if they had instructions to accept service of a statutory demand on
Shirley Ooi. On 29 April 2002 AL replied to advise that they had no
instruction to accept service of the order to examine the judgment debtor or
the statutory demand.

11 On 10 May 2002, PL sought to serve a garnishee application on Shirley Ooi’s
solicitors, AL. Again, AL replied stating that they had no instructions to
accept service.

12 JGI submitted that by her conduct, Shirley Ooi clearly evinced an intention
not to pay the judgment sum and also intended to make it as difficult and/or
costly as possible for JGI to enforce the judgment sum or any order on costs.
AL were and are, at all times, acting for her in relation to her appeal and
could very well have accepted service on her behalf. Yet she chose not to
instruct them to do so.

**

Appellant’s contentions

**

13 In her affidavit filed to oppose the application, Shirley Ooi, after giving
her address, as "care of 895 Dove Street, 3rd Floor, Irvine CA 92660", made
the following points:-

(i) The notice of appeal was lodged on 28 February 2002. If JGI required
further security, the request should have been made, and the application
should have been filed, earlier. JGI’s solicitors only wrote to AL asking for
further security for the costs of the appeal on 15 May 2002.

(ii) As she often travelled in relation to her work, and as the assigned
mailbox for her apartment was invariably small, it was convenient that her
mailing address be her office address. Because she had always used Agate’s
office address as her address for general correspondence, she adopted the same
for the purposes of the action and this appeal. Thus the indication "care-of".

(iii) She had to change her place of residence whenever the office of Agate
moved. She wanted to live near to her place of work so that less time would be
spent on commuting. Sometimes she moved because the place she was staying was
not satisfactory.

14 We would observe that what was significant about Shirley Ooi’s affidavit
was not what she said but what she did not say. We were aware that she did
insert this caveat in her affidavit: "the mere fact that I have not commented
on a particular paragraph or part thereof should not be taken to mean that I
agree with its contents." Apart from the allegation about her address, the
other main point raised by JGI was the accusation that she did not intend to
satisfy the judgment debt and/or the order on costs and this was exemplified
by the fact that she refused to appoint her solicitors to accept service of
enforcement process on her behalf. Her caveat was that her silence must not be
taken as agreement. But her failure to rebut the accusation, or explain her
conduct, certainly left us with the impression that there was probably no
satisfactory explanation.

15 Before us, Shirley Ooi made the following two main arguments against the
ordering of any further security:-

(i) the application for further security was made too late and the appellant
had already incurred substantial costs of the appeal;

(ii) the appellant, though resident in USA for the last six years, is a
Singapore citizen and is a joint owner, with her husband, of a private
residential property here worth many times more than what JGI asked as further
security. It was purchased some twenty years ago for S$200,000.

**

The Law

**

16 Order 57 r 3(4) provides that the Court of Appeal may "at any time, in any
case where it thinks fit", order further security for costs to be given. The
power given to the Court here is clearly wider than the corresponding rule in
England then (before the introduction of the English Civil Procedure Rules
1998). The then English O 59 r 10(5) provided that the Court of Appeal might
"in special circumstances, order that such security shall be given for the
costs of an appeal as may be just."

17 Under the then English requirement, the following were considered to be
"special circumstances" , e.g., insolvency or impecuniousity; difficulty or
expense in enforcing costs order; abuse of the process of the Court. Of
course, even if an applicant for costs established a recognised head of
"special circumstances", it did not follow that the court must grant the
further security asked for. The court still had a discretion in the matter.
Here, we would like to quote from the _Supreme Court Practice (1999 Edn) at
para 59/10/39_ :-

The approach which the Court adopts is that, if one of the heads of special
circumstances is established and the appellant is able to furnish security for
costs (either from his own resources or with financial assistance from someone
else), then security should be ordered. The view taken is that if the
appellant can furnish the security, then he should be ordered to do so in
fairness to the respondent, and there is no good reason for invoking the
residual discretion.

Where, however, an appellant contends that security should not be awarded
because it would prevent him pursuing his appeal, he has to satisfy the Court
not only that he is unable to furnish security for costs from his own
resources, but also (and the onus of proof is on him on this issue), that he
is unable to raise the money elsewhere; in assessing whether he could raise
the money elsewhere the Court adopts the same rigorous approach as in the O 14
case of _York Motors v Edwards_ [1982] 1 WLR 444 at 449 and 450; [1982] 1 All
ER 1024, at 1027 and 1028, HL. In addition, the appellant has to demonstrate
that his appeal has a sufficiently good chance of success to justify exposing
the respondent to the injustice of having to bear his own costs win or lose.
The appeal does not have to be bound to succeed, but to satisfy the merits
test for the exercise of the residual discretion the grounds of appeal must be
"real and substantial".

18 In view of the fact that our rule is worded more widely than the then
English rule, it must follow that a respondent who asks for further security
from the appellant under our provision need not necessarily show "special
circumstances". The rule gives an unfettered discretion to the court to make
such orders as it thinks "fit". It seems to us that the term "fit" must
encompass the concept of what is "just" in all the circumstances. We do not
think it would be desirable, nor possible, to circumscribe such a wide
discretion by any specific categorisation or criteria, other than the broad
concept that further security should only be ordered where in all the
circumstances it is "just" to do so.

19 Under our rules, foreign residency is a factor which may warrant the
imposition of security for costs of a trial (O 23) or further security in
respect of an appeal. But it also does not follow that just because an
appellant is resident abroad, that security must be ordered against him. The
rationale for such an order against a foreign resident is the delay or expense
that will arise in enforcing the costs order abroad: see _De Bry v Fitzgerald_
[1990] 1 All ER 560 at 565, CA.

20 Finally, every application for further security should be made promptly. If
it is made so late that the bulk of the costs have already been incurred, the
application might well be refused. Of course, if the delay is satisfactorily
explained, then the position could be different.

**

Our determination

**

21 We now turn to consider the two main contentions of Shirley Ooi. First is
the question of delay. It is necessary to restate the essential facts. The
notice of appeal was filed on 28 February 2002. On 6 March 2002 JGI’s
solicitors demanded the payment of the judgment sum. There was no response.
Then between 26 April to 10 May 2002, PL, sought to take out enforcement
proceedings and asked AL if they had instructions to accept service on behalf
of Shirley Ooi. In each instance the reply was a negative. Then on 15 May
2002, PL wrote to AL asking for the provision of a sum of $50,000 as further
security within 2 days. An interim reply was given by AL on 17 May 2002
querying the urgency and stating that the solicitor in charge, Mr Benjamin
Goh, was then overseas and would revert upon his return. But it would appear,
whatever might be the reasons, he never reverted. So on 21 May 2002 JGI
applied by motion for further security, which motion was on 2 July 2002
dismissed by the single Judge. On 10 July 2002, the present motion was filed
pursuant to s 36(3) of SCJA.

22 In this regard, it must be pointed out that this application for further
security was not made on the ground of poverty or impecuniosity of Shirley
Ooi. It was on the ground that her conduct evidenced an intention on her part
to vigorously resist any costs awarded against her and it was likely that she
would deliberately make it more difficult and expensive for enforcement action
to be taken against her. This ground only surfaced on account of her conduct
in April/May 2002. Thus, we found that there was really no delay on JGI’s part
in making the application.

23 Turning to the second point of Shirley Ooi, that she is the joint owner of
a property, while this may, on the face of it, show that she has assets within
jurisdiction to satisfy any costs order, the circumstances would indicate that
any enforcement of a costs order against her would not be without delay or
unnecessary expense.

24 First, even accepting her explanations on why she often had to change her
residence, or her postal address, this would mean that a third party like JGI
would have great difficulty in tracing her, unless she keeps her solicitors
informed and permits them to notify others, like JGI, of her updated address.

25 Second, having regard to her previous conduct, she is likely to take every
step to delay and/or place obstacles in the way of the execution of a cost
order. She did not apply for a stay of execution of the High Court judgment,
and yet she resisted the request to pay up the judgment sum. She refused to
instruct her solicitors to accept service of the enforcement actions which PL
intended to pursue. We could not help feeling that she was trying to evade
enforcement action. The case _Lek Swee Hua v American Express International
Inc_ [1991] 2 MLJ 151 is illustrative. There, there had been difficulties in
effecting service of bankruptcy notices on the appellant-plaintiffs in other
proceedings and security for costs was accordingly ordered.

26 Thirdly, enforcement of a costs order against Shirley Ooi would necessarily
give rise to undue delay and expense. Again, looking at the previous behaviour
of Shirley Ooi, we thought it was likely that JGI would have real difficulties
in enforcing such an order against her. Orders of this Court are not
enforceable in USA as there is no arrangement on reciprocal enforcement of
judgment between Singapore and USA. This then brings us to the flat which she
co-owns with her husband. In _Malayan Banking Bhd v Focal Finance Ltd_ [1999]
3 SLR 229, the High Court held that a writ of seizure and sale issued under O
47 r 4(1)(a) is not enforceable against an immovable property in which the
judgment debtor is a joint tenant. This is because a joint owner does not have
a distinct and identifiable share in the property for so long as the joint
tenancy subsists. Instead, the High Court indicated that in such a situation
the judgment creditor could proceed by way of equitable execution through the
appointment of a receiver (under O 30 and O 51 of the Rules of Court).
However, as a receiver is not empowered to sell the property, it is clear that
satisfaction of the judgment sum owing by the judgment debtor would entail
further difficulties, or at least further delays, assuming that incomes
received by the receiver are utilised to satisfy the costs order. We have
referred to _Malayan Banking Bhd v Focal Finance Ltd_ only to show the
difficulties that _could_ be encountered. We have assumed the decision to be
correct as no appeal was taken against it. These difficulties, coupled with
the fact that Shirley Ooi is not likely to cooperate, could only further
enhance the impediments which JGI would encounter.

27 In view of all the foregoing, it was our opinion that the circumstances
warranted the making of an order for further security. The whole point of
ordering a foreign plaintiff or appellant to furnish security is to ensure
that a fund would be available within the jurisdiction of this court against
which the successful defendant or respondent could enforce the judgment for
costs: see _Porzelack KG v Porzelack (UK) Ltd_ [1987] 1 WLR 420 at 422.
Without such further security there is a real risk that JGI could be left with
a costs order which would be unenforceable or only enforceable with great
difficulty and expense, plus delay.

28 Moreover, it was clear that Shirley Ooi is a person with means. There was
no suggestion that she would have difficulties in furnishing such additional
security which the court might reasonably order. Neither had it been said that
if such security were ordered, her appeal would be stifled.

29 Before we conclude, we ought to mention that another factor which is
relevant in the equation of determining whether it is just to order further
security is the question of the merits of the appeal. For the purpose of the
present motion, we had assumed that there could be some merits in the appeal.

Sgd:

**

** CHAO HICK TIN TAN LEE MENG

JUDGE OF APPEAL JUDGE

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Aug 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

