Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Regenthill Properties Pte Ltd v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No
2192  
[2002] SGCA 32

Case Number | : | CA 600153/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 July 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chuah Chee Kian Christopher And Dawn Ho (Drew & Napier ) for the appellants; Leo Cheng Suan ( Infinitus Law Corp ) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Regenthill Properties Pte Ltd — Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2192   
  
Civil Procedure – Originating processes – Originating summons – Regularity –
Whether sufficient particulars to identify cause of action – Whether failure
to itemise specific documents sought for fatal to application – O 7 r 3(1)
Rules of Court  
  
Civil Procedure – Originating processes – Originating summons – Irregularity –
Setting aside for non-compliance with rules – Whether irregularity serious or
prejudicial to opposing party – Fresh step in proceedings constituting waiver
of irregularity – O 2 r 2 Rules of Court  
  
Land – Strata titles – Management corporation – Delivery of documents –
Whether developers of condominium have to hand over accounting documents
pertaining to maintenance fund – s 37(4) Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158,
1999 Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Construction of statute – Right to institute
proceedings – Whether s 39 of Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1999 Ed) precludes
civil action based on penal provision when plaintiff suffers no injury –
Whether documents relating to maintenance fund relate to condominium
developer's 'transaction and financial position' – s 199 Companies Act (Cap
50, 1994 Ed) – s 39 Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1999 Ed)  
  
Trusts – Trustees – Trust documents – Delivery of documents – Determination of
trusteeship – Whether successor trustee can require outgoing trustee to
deliver up records pertaining to trust  
  

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_ _Curia Advisari Vult_**

1 This appeal raises the single issue as to whether a developer of a
condominium is obliged under s 37(4)(b) of the Land Titles Strata Act, Cap 158
(LTSA) or any other law, to surrender the original accounting records and
contracts relating to the maintenance fund to the management corporation (MC),
after the latter has been established. At the High Court, Lai Siu Chiu J ruled
in favour of the MC, the respondent in this appeal. **

The facts

**

2 The appellants, Regenthill Properties Pte Ltd (Regenthill), were the
developers of a condominium located along Yio Chu Kang Road known as "Regent
Park Development". By the end of December 1996 the construction of the
condominium was completed. On 6 January 1997, a temporary occupation permit
(TOP) for the condominium was issued by the relevant authority. The effect of
the issue of the TOP was that the subsidiary proprietors were obliged and did
pay contributions to a maintenance fund which Regenthill were required to set
up under s 9 of the Building and Common Property (Maintenance and Management)
Act (BCP Act).

3 On 20 April 1998, pursuant to s 33 of the LTSA, the MC for the condominium
was constituted. Its first annual meeting was held on 6 May 2000. Shortly
after, Regenthill handed over to the MC all the documents (including
accounting documents) in respect of the period after the constitution of the
MC. The dispute concerns the documents relating to the maintenance fund for
the period from TOP to the formation of the MC.

4 We should explain here that even after the establishment of the MC, the
developer is still obliged under s 34 of the LTSA to undertake the following
duties:-

(a) open a bank account in the name of the MC;

(b) cause to be kept such accounting and other records as well, inter alia, as
would sufficiently explain the transactions and financial position of the MC
up to the first annual general meeting.

The rationale for this provision would appear to be the recognition by the
legislature that while a MC might have been set up it may not have, until the
first AGM, the means to discharge its duties. Thus the developer is made to
operate the MC account.

5 There are therefore three distinct periods which one has to bear in mind:-

(i) first period : from TOP to the establishment of the MC where contributions
by subsidiary proprietors are paid into a maintenance fund managed by the
developer.

(ii) second period : from the establishment of the MC up to approximately the
holding of the first AGM, where contributions are paid by the subsidiary
proprietor into an account in the name of the MC but managed by the developer.

(iii) third period : on and after the first AGM: the MC will assume all charge
of the financial affairs of the condominium.

6 On 11 January 2001, the solicitors for the MC wrote to Regenthill, asking,
pursuant to s 37(4) of the Act, for the delivery of the following documents:-

(a) all plans, specifications, certificates (other than certificates of title
for lots), diagrams and other documents obtained or received by you and
relating to the parcel or building; and

(b) if they are in your possession or under your control, any notices or other
records relating to the subdivided building.

7 In response to Regenthill’s request for particulars of the documents, the
solicitor for the MC furnished a list. This was followed by a series of
correspondence between them. The upshot of it all was that the parties could
not agree whether the MC is entitled to the originals of the accounting
records relating to the management fund (the first period). They included
payment vouchers, journal vouchers, cash book, cheque butts, bank statements
(current and multi-link), financial statements, invoice, official receipt,
accounts receivable, audit reports, fixed deposit slips/statements and bank-in
slips. Regenthill even sought the assistance of the Commissioner of Buildings
(under the BCP Act) on the dispute but the latter was not able to assist.
Eventually, Regenthill indicated that they were prepared to allow the MC to
inspect the accounting documents at their premises but the documents could not
be transferred as the property in the documents remained vested in them.

8 It soon became inevitable that the MC had to file an Originating Summons to
have the issue determined, which it did. At the hearing, the MC also orally
asked for the contracts relating to various matters (cleaning, security,
management and staff). Giving it a purposive interpretation, the judge ruled
that most of the documents asked for by the MC came within the scope of s
37(4)(b). She said:-

"On a purposive interpretation, it is hard to envisage that Parliament, in
enacting the section, intended only for documents such as plans, certificates
and diagrams and other documents _ejusdem generis_ with this class of
documents to be handed over to the management corporations. Under the Act,
upon the formation of a management corporation, the same takes over control,
management and administration of the common property as well as its records
and accounts. In order to properly exercise its powers and perform its duties
and functions, a management corporation would need to have possession of
necessary records relating to the subdivided building, including accounting
records."

9 The trial judge held that the originals of the following documents be
delivered to the MC:-

(a) Contract on cleaning services

(b) Contract on Security

(c) Water and electricity bills

(d) Contract on management fees

(e) Contract on staff costs

(f) Printing/stationery and postages

(i) payment vouchers

(ii) journal vouchers

(iii) cash book (soft copies or print out copies)

(iv) invoices/statements

(v) official receipts

(vi) accounts receivables/interest computation

(vii) fixed deposit slips (photocopies only)

(viii) bank-in slips

**

Issues

**

10 The substantive issue formulated by Regenthill is as follows:-

"Whether Regenthill are obliged under s 37(4) to deliver up the original
copies of the contracts and accounting records relating to the maintenance
fund to the MC."

Regenthill accept that they are obliged in law to allow the MC to inspect the
accounting records and to make copies thereof. So the battle line is drawn on
just the narrower issue as to whether Regenthill are obliged to hand over the
originals of the accounting documents to the MC.

11 However, beside this, Regenthill have also raised two
preliminary/procedural issues, which they also did in the hearing below.
First, they say that the Originating Summons (OS) instituting the proceeding
is flawed because it did not identify the specific classes of documents which
the MC would want Regenthill to deliver, thus contravening O 7 r 3(1) of the
Rules of Court. Second, they contend that the MC does not have the right to
commence an action under s 37(4). Before the court below, both issues failed.
We shall deal with them in turn.

**

Regularity of OS

**

12 To determine this issue, it is necessary for us to set out the provisions
of O 7 r 3(1) as well as the precise formulation of the OS:-

"3(1) Every originating summons must include a statement of the questions on
which the plaintiff seeks the determination or direction of the Court or, as
the case may be, a concise statement of the relief or remedy claimed in the
proceedings begun by the originating summons with sufficient particulars to
identify the cause or causes of action in respect of which the plaintiff
claims that relief or remedy."

13 In the OS, after reciting ss 37(4), 65 and 121 of the LTSA at the heading,
the MC sought an order to compel Regenthill to deliver the following:-

"(i) all plans, specifications, certificates (other than certificates of
titles for the lots), diagrams and other documents obtained or received by the
Defendants relating to Regent Park Condominium;

(ii) any notices or other records relating to Regent Park Condominium, other
than any such documents which exclusively evidence rights or obligations of
the Defendants and which are not capable of being used for the benefit of the
Plaintiffs or any of the subsidiary proprietors, other than the Defendants."

14 Essentially, the point made by Regenthill is that the OS only stated in
very vague and broad terms what the MC wanted and did not identify the
specific classes of documents which Regenthill are required to deliver. They
relied upon the High Court decision in _Engineering Construction Pte Ltd v AG_
[1993] 1 SLR 390.

15 It will be seen that under O 7 r 3(1) there are two alternative manners in
which a plaintiff in an OS could formulate his case. One is to include a
statement as to the question on which the court’s determination is sought
(first limb). The other is to set out concisely the relief or remedy claimed,
with sufficient particulars to identify the cause or causes of action (second
limb). Having regard to the manner in which the present OS is formulated it is
clear that it does not fall under the first limb.

16 The question is: does the OS, as filed, fulfil the second limb? Regenthill
contend that it was only in the affidavit filed in support of the OS did the
MC list out the classes of document which the MC wanted. They submit that
these particulars should have been stated in the OS. While in a broad sense
the basis of the claim is indicated, as the OS has cited s 37(4), we would
agree with Regenthill that the relief claimed lacks sufficient particulars.
Comparing the two prayers in the OS with s 37(4) (set out later at 29), it is
apparent that the MC had merely copied the provisions of that section. It
should have identified the classes of documents which it required Regenthill
to deliver. It did this only in the affidavit in support. Any person reading
the OS would not know the specific types of documents which the MC is seeking.
Accordingly, the OS is defective. The fact that the specifics were given in
the affidavit does not cure the defect.

17 As indicated in 9 above, six additional classes of documents, besides those
set out in the affidavit, were also asked for orally at the time of the
hearing and in respect of which an order was granted by the court below.
Although the appellants had lodged the appeal, they had nevertheless on 26
December 2001 handed these six classes of document to the MC.

18 What then is the effect of non-compliance with O 7 r 3(1)? The answer is to
be found in O 2 r 1(1) which provides that "where, … there has, by reason of
anything done or left undone, been a failure to comply with the requirements
of these Rules, whether in respect of … form or content … the failure shall be
treated as an irregularity and shall not nullify the proceedings." Under r
1(2), where there is such a failure, the court may set aside the proceeding
wholly or allow amendments to be made.

19 In the court below, the judge seemed to think that the OS is in order. She
said:-

"In my view, the plaintiffs, in listing down the types of accounting documents
which they required, had given sufficient particulars to identify the cause of
action in the originating summons. It would be most unreasonable to require
the plaintiffs to further itemise every single specific document in the
categories which they had listed, as the plaintiffs could not be expected to
be able to identify specific documents which were not in their possession."

20 With respect, we think she misunderstood the contention of Regenthill. From
the passage cited above, it is clear that she thought Regenthill were saying
that particulars of each document should be set out in the OS when they were
only asking that the categories or classes of document be set out, as the MC
did in its affidavit in support.

21 Be that as it may, there are two reasons why this objection has to be
rejected. First, under O 2 r 2, it is provided that an application to set
aside for irregularity "shall not be allowed unless it is made within a
reasonable time and before the party applying has taken any fresh step after
becoming aware of the irregularity." Regenthill should have objected upon
being served with the OS. Instead, they proceeded to file their substantive
affidavit in response. Having taken a "fresh step" in the proceeding, it shall
be deemed that they had waived that irregularity; see _Rein v Stein_ (1892) 66
LT 469 at 471 and _Ong Heok & Anor v Ooi Bee Tat & Ors _[1982] 2 MLJ 326. It
was too late to raise it at the time of the hearing.

22 Second, even if the point was raised timely, the court would not have
exercised its discretion to set aside the OS for non-compliance. Although
spelling out in the affidavit the classes of document required to be delivered
does not regularise a defective OS, it nevertheless does indicate clearly to
the defendants what the plaintiff, in fact, wants. Such an irregularity is in
no sense serious. As far as Regenthill were concerned, they were not
prejudiced. They knew the case they had to meet notwithstanding that the MC
even made some oral additions at the hearing. We find support for this
approach from the case, _Metroinvest Ansalt v Commercial Union_ [1985] 1 WLR
514, where Cumming-Bruce LJ said,

"I would say that in most cases the way in which the court exercises its
powers under Order 2, rule 1(2) is likely to depend upon whether it appears
that the opposite party has suffered prejudice as a direct consequence of the
particular irregularity, that is to say, the particular failure to comply with
the rules. But I would construe Order 2, rule 1(2) as being so framed as to
give the court the widest possible power in order to do justice …"

23 We are confident that if the judge had not misunderstood the point taken,
she would have given leave to the MC to amend, as we ourselves would be
inclined to do. But the proceedings having come to this stage, we see no point
in granting leave to the MC to amend.

24 The case _Engineering Construction,_ relied on by Regenthill, concerned
proceedings relating to the construction of a contract. There, on the facts,
the High Court held that the originating summons contained enough particulars
to identify the cause of action as it referred to a contractual clause in
issue and the relief sought.

**

Right to institute proceedings

**

25 This point rests entirely on s 39 of the Interpretation Act which provides
that –

"The imposition of a penalty by any written law, in the absence of express
provision to the contrary, shall not relieve any person from liability to
answer for damages to a person injured."

26 Regenthill argued that this section implies that, where there is criminal
sanction for contravention of a written law, like s 37(4) read with s 37(8),
no civil suit may be brought by any other person unless the latter has been
injured or suffered damages. In the present case, as it has not been alleged
that the MC was injured or suffered damages the MC are, therefore, not
entitled to commence the present action.

27 This point is wholly without merit and was rightly rejected by the court
below. It is based on a misunderstanding of the scope of s 39. This section is
merely a provision to clarify matters. It does not seek to take away the
rights of any party. We endorse the following views expressed by the judge
(except in relation to the scope of s 37(4) which will be dealt with next):-

"In my view, s 39 of the Interpretation Act is merely a clarification
provision which makes it clear that even when there is an imposition of
penalty, civil recovery is not necessarily denied. However, it does not mean
that only when there are damages, would one be allowed to bring a civil
action. Section 37(4) of the Act imposes a duty on the proprietor of the land
to hand over certain documents to the management corporation. In this case,
the cause of action lies in requiring the delivery-up of documents which the
plaintiffs believed to fall within the ambit of s 37(4). Section 39 of the
Interpretation Act should not be used to limit the positive obligation found
in s 37(4) of the Act to deliver up documents required by the management
corporation, otherwise, the provision would be rendered otiose when it was
meant for the party entitled to the documents i.e., the management corporation
to sue for the same. The plaintiffs need not show that damages have been
suffered before they can bring this application."

**

Construction of s 37(4)

**

28 We now turn to the substantive question of this appeal. The problem arose
because under the LTSA, subsidiary proprietors of units in a condominium are
allowed to take possession when the temporary occupation permit (TOP) is
issued by the relevant authorities. Between the issue of the TOP and the
establishment of the MC, the developer is required to establish a maintenance
fund, into which contributions from the subsidiary proprietors of the units
within the condominium are to be paid and which fund is to be used for the
maintenance of the undivided building and the common property. Once the MC is
established, it will take over the functions of the developer in that regard
and the developer shall transfer any remaining money in the maintenance fund
to the MC: see ss 9 and 10 of BCP Act and s 34 of the LTSA.

29 As the issue concerns the interpretation of s 37(4) of the LTSA, we shall
set it out in full:-

The proprietor of the land comprised in a strata title plan shall deliver to
the management corporation at its first annual general meeting –

> (a) all plans, specifications, certificates (other than certificates of
> title for the lots), diagrams and other documents obtained or received by
> him and relating to the parcel or building, and,
>
> (b) if they are in his possession or under his control, any notices or other
> records relating to the subdivided building.

other than any such documents which exclusively evidence rights or obligations
of the proprietor and which are not capable of being used for the benefit of
the management corporation or any of the subsidiary proprietors, other than
the proprietor."

The judge found that the accounting documents requested came within the ambit
of s 37(4)(b).

30 Before us the main contention of Regenthill is that the accounting
documents relating to the maintenance fund are not "notices or other records
relating to the subdivided building" within s 37(4)(b). They say that the
maintenance fund is for the upkeep of the common property and the subdivided
property and as s 37(4)(b) only refers to notices and other documents relating
to the subdivided building, that clearly indicates that documents relating to
the common property and the maintenance fund are not within contemplation.

31 They pointed out that "subdivided building" is defined in the LTSA to mean
any one or more buildings comprised in a strata subdivision plan approved by
the relevant authority. On the other hand "common property" is defined as –

"(a) in relation to subdivided buildings in an approved plan bearing the title
of "condominium" and issued by the relevant authority, means so much of the
land for the time being not comprised in any lot shown in a strata title plan
or in any parts of any building unit (partially erected or to be erected)
intended to be included as lots in a strata title plan to be lodged with the
Registrar after strata subdivision of the building unit has been approved by
the relevant authority;

.

.

(c) unless otherwise described specifically as comprised in any lot in a
strata title plan and shown as capable of being comprised in such lot,
includes –

(i) foundations, columns, beams, supports, walls, roofs, lobbies, corridors,
stairs, stairways, fire escapes, entrances and exits of the building and
windows installed in the external walls of the building;"

32 From these definitions, Regenthill contended that while the "subdivided
building" would include some parts of the common property, it does not
encompass all the common property. The maintenance fund required to be set up
by the developer as provided in s 9 of the BCP Act is intended for maintenance
of the "subdivided building" and "common property". As non-compliance with s
37(4) would attract penal sanction, a strict interpretation should be adopted.
Regenthill also refer to the equivalent New South Wales provisions to support
their contention.

33 We must, at this stage, point out that this argument, based on the
distinction between "subdivided building" and "common property" was not taken
at the hearing below. It is a new point. Before the judge, the contention
centred on the application of the _ejusdem generis_ rule to the construction
of s 37(4). Having said that, it does not mean that this argument, which is a
point of law, may not be raised in this appeal (see O 57 r 9A[4]).

**

"Common property" and "subdivided building’

**

34 Central to the contention of the appellants is the issue whether there is a
difference between "subdivided building" and "common property". As defined, a
subdivided building effectively refers to any building in a strata title plan.
Of course, a building would include, _inter alia_ , foundations, columns
beams, walls, roofs, lobby, corridors, stairways. As these are also part of
the common property as defined, it is true to say that a subdivided building
or buildings would include some parts of the common property. But as not all
the common property in a strata title plan is found in a subdivided building,
and notwithstanding some overlap, the two terms are distinct concepts.

35 Section 34(a) of the LTSA refers to the maintenance fund set up by the
developer as being a fund "for the maintenance of the subdivided building and
the common property". Clearly the draftsman of the LTSA viewed the "subdivided
building" as being distinct from the "common property", even though some parts
of the "undivided property" are also common property. This distinction is also
maintained in section 35(1) of the LTSA which refers to contributions made by
subsidiary proprietors to the MC for the maintenance of the subdivided
building and the common property. There are, therefore, merits in the argument
that if the draftsman had intended to refer to the maintenance fund he would
have referred to the common property as well, instead of only the subdivided
building. Indeed, if the accounts of the maintenance fund were contemplated,
there is no reason why the draftsman would not refer expressly to the
maintenance fund.

36 We are reinforced in this view when we trace the source of s 37(4). It was
added to the LTSA in 1987\. Indeed the entire Part IV of the LTSA on
"Management of the Subdivided Building" was revised extensively and re-enacted
by the 1987 Amendment Act. Section 37(4) would appear to have been modelled
after s 57(4) of the New South Wales Strata Tiles Act (NSW Act). The initial
version of s 57(4) (1973 version) reads:-

"An original proprietor shall not fail or neglect to deliver to the body
corporate at its first annual general meeting –

(a) all plans, specifications, certificates (other than certificates of title
for lots), diagrams and other documents (including policies of insurance)
obtained or received by him and relating to the parcel or building; and

(b) If they are in his possession or under his control, _the certificate of
title for the common property, the strata roll, the books of account_ and any
notices or other records relating to the _strata scheme._

other than any such documents which exclusively evidence rights or obligations
of the original proprietor and which are not capable of being used for the
benefit of the body corporate or any of the proprietors, other than the
original proprietor." (emphasis added).

37 In 1984, s 57(4)(b) of the NSW Act was amended, and a new subsection 4(c)
added, as follows:-

"(b) if they are in his possession or under his control, the certificates of
title for the common property, the strata roll and any notices or other
records relating to the strata scheme; and

(c) the accounting records kept pursuant to s 68(1)(g) and the last preceding
financial statements prepared in accordance with s 68(1)(h) …

38 At the time our Parliament enacted the revised Part IV and added s 37(4),
it would have been aware of the two versions of the NSW provisions. It would
appear that the draftsman chose to follow the 1973 version but deleting the
reference to "certificate of title for the common property, the strata roll,
the books of account." The term "strata scheme" is defined in the NSW Act to
cover the whole scheme of development, including "the manner of division … of
a parcel into lots and into lots and common property." It seems to us that the
equivalent to "strata scheme" in our Act is "strata title plan". Why did the
draftsman delete the reference to "books of account"? Why did it adopt just
"subdivided building" instead of "subdivided building and common property" or
"strata title plan"? Obviously, he must have had something different in mind.
After all, just a couple of sections before [in ss 34(a) and 35(1)] the
draftsman had referred to "subdivided building and common property".

39 In any case, looking at s 37(4) as a whole, in relation to both limbs (a)
and (b) therein, it seems to us clear that the subsection has nothing to do
with the maintenance fund or the maintenance of the common property. It has
all to do with title, rights and designs of the condominium and subdivided
building. We also think it rather odd that the draftsman would have referred
to the accounting documents relating to the maintenance fund as "any notices
or other records relating to the subdivided building."

40 For completeness, we would add that we agree with the judge below that
those same accounting documents could not, applying the _ejusdem generis_
rule, come within the meaning of "other documents" in limb (a) of s 37(4).

**

Common Law

**

41 It will be recalled that it is s 9 of the BCP Act which requires the
developer to set up a maintenance fund upon the issuance of TOP. Section 10(2)
of the BCP Act provides that the developer shall hold all moneys in the
maintenance fund on trust for the subsidiary proprietors. Section 10(4)
requires the developer to transfer the surplus moneys in the maintenance fund
to the MC upon its establishment. However, s 10 does not state what would be
the position with regard to the accounting documents relating to the
maintenance fund. It seems to us that the answer is to be found in common law.
We would be inclined to think that s 10(4) of the BCP Act and s 34(a) of the
LTSA only provide for the transfer of the money in the maintenance fund to the
MC upon its establishment because the position of the accounting documents in
relation thereto is abundantly clear under general principles.

42 The judge below who also relied upon general principles to order Regenthill
to release the documents said:-

As trustee of the maintenance fund, a developer would have to be accountable
to the owners and purchasers of all the flats in a condominium for the monies
in the maintenance fund. As representative of the owners and purchasers of all
the flats in the condominium, the properly constituted management corporation
has a right to ensure such accountability on the part of the developer.

43 Regenthill argued that the judge below had over-extended the duty of a
trustee as far as delivering trust documents is concerned. They said that a
beneficiary is only entitled to see and inspect the accounts and if he wants a
copy he must pay for it. For this proposition they relied on _Ottley v Gilby_
(1845) 8 Beav 602. They also relied on a passage in _Hanbury & Martin on
Modern Equity (14th Edn)_ at p. 539 where this principle is recited.

44 With respect, we think that counsel for Regenthill has misapplied _Ottley v
Gilby_ to the fact situation in the present case. Here is not a case where a
beneficiary requests to see the accounts of the trust or the delivery of trust
documents. The true position here is that the MC has become the new trustee in
place of Regenthill and is asking for all documents relating to the trust. In
as much as moneys in a trust do not belong to the trustee (in this case
Regenthill), so are the documents of the trust. Trust assets would include
trust documents.

45 While there could be some difficulties in defining "trust documents", as
recognised by Salmon LJ in _In Re Londonderby’s Settlement_ [1965] 918 at 938,
he nevertheless ventured to suggest that they would have these common
characteristics:-

> (1) they are documents in the possession of the trustees as trustees; (2)
> they contain information about the trust which the beneficiaries are
> entitled to know; (3) the beneficiaries have a proprietary interest in the
> documents and, accordingly, are entitled to see them."

There cannot be any dispute that all three characteristics are satisfied in
relation to the documents of account asked for by the MC.

46 Under s 10(4) of the BCP Act, upon the establishment of the MC, Regenthill
were obliged to pay into the bank account of the MC the surplus moneys in the
maintenance fund. This means that trusteeship has come to an end and all
moneys and related documents must be passed over to the successor trustee. It
stands to reason that the MC, as the person stepping into the shoes of
Regenthill, should be entitled to have all the records of the trust. The
following passage in Regenthill’s Case demonstrates that they have
miscomprehended the position:-

If the Appellants are obliged to hand over the original accounting documents
before the constitution of the Respondents by reason that they are trustees of
the maintenance moneys, this would mean that each and every subsidiary
proprietor will be entitled to ask for delivery up of the original accounting
documents as the monies in the maintenance fund is held on trust for owners
and purchasers of all the flats in the development according to s 10(2) of the
BCPMMA. Surely, this cannot be correct and could impose an administratively
onerous and impossible burden on the Appellants since condominiums may have
hundreds of units. Hence, the Appellants submit that at best, the owners,
subsidiary proprietors and/or the Respondents are only entitled to inspection
of these records and should they require copies, to be furnished copies. The
originals of these accounting records should remain with the Developers.

The MC is not a "beneficiary" or "subsidiary proprietor".

47 It is settled law that the new trustees are entitled to all the documents
of the trust. _Lewis on Trusts (17 th Edn)_ states at 12-55 that "a new
trustee is entitled to require the outgoing trustees to deliver up to him all
records, books and other papers belonging to the trust" and cites in support
of this proposition the case _Tiger v Barclays Bank Ltd_ [1952] 1 All ER 85.

48 In _Wentworth v De Monsfort & Ors_ [1988] 15 NSWLR 348, the Court of Appeal
of New South Wales held that where a solicitor was acting only as an agent for
a client who was his principal in the doing of some act, the ordinary rules of
agency applied to him and a document brought into existence or received by him
when so acting belonged to the client. Hope JA said (at 356):-

Normally when a trustee ceases to hold office, either on appointment of a new
trustee or the determination of the trust, he would be required to handover
all trust property, including documents and financial records, to the new
trustee, or to the sole beneficiary or all the beneficiaries if more than one,
if required to do so. In _Re Cowin_ (1886) 33 Ch D 179 at 185, North J quoted
with approval the following passage in _Lewin on Trusts_ , 8th ed (1885) at
975: "All documents held by the trustee in that character must be produced by
him to the _cestuis que trust_ , who in equity are the true owners." This
position would generally apply to a trustee who is a solicitor, but there are
important qualifications in some cases. If he is solicitor for the client as
well as trustee, he is required by law (as I shall describe later) to maintain
and to retain proper financial records. He is entitled to retain these
records, some of which may refer to other clients as well as the trust but the
beneficiary should be provided with copies if asked for.

49 Counsel for Regenthill argues that the situation here comes within the
exception referred to by Hope JA. For this contention, Regenthill rely upon s
10(5) of the BCP Act which provides:-

The developer shall –

(a) cause proper books of accounts to be kept in respect of all sums of money
received for and all payments out of the maintenance fund, specifying the
matters in relation to which the receipts and expenditure take place;

(c) file with the Commissioner a certified true copy of the audited accounts
within 28 days of the accounts being audited;

(d) permit the Commissioner, or any person authorised by him to act on his
behalf, at all reasonable times full and free access to accounting and other
records of the maintenance fund and permit the Commissioner or the person to
make copies or make extracts from those accounting or other records; and

(e) furnish a certified true copy of the accounts to the Commissioner at such
intervals as may be required by the Commissioner.

50 It would appear that the exception referred to by Hope JA is a narrow one
and relates to the special position of a solicitor. Here Regenthill were
trustees simpliciter of the maintenance fund although the trust was imposed
under the BCP Act. While it is true that under s 10(5), the Commissioner had
the responsibility of ensuring that Regenthill discharged their duties of
trustee properly, this, in our view, must relate to the period while
Regenthill were the trustees of the fund. Upon the closure of the maintenance
fund, with the moneys therein being transferred to the account of the MC, the
trusteeship ended. At that point, Regenthill must hand everything relating to
the trust, including the documents, to the MC and account to the MC in respect
of the transactions effected while the maintenance fund was under their
stewardship.

51 It seems to us clear that s 10(5) is to ensure that the interests of the
subsidiary proprietors are protected during the interim period between the
issue of the TOP and the constitution of the MC. While we see that s 10 of the
BCP Act does not deal expressly with the question of the accounting documents
of the trust, it is our opinion that this point is not expressly addressed
because it is a settled principle that where there is a change of stewardship,
the documents of account of a trust must follow the trust and be delivered to
the new trustee. We agree with the following observations of the judge below:-

"… a plain reading of s 10(5) of the Management Act makes it patently clear
that it does not impose any obligation on the developer to keep the accounts
continually or exclusively. Section 10(5) merely requires the developer to
have proper accounts in respect of the maintenance fund and to file the
audited accounts with the Commissioner. The Commissioner is empowered under
the section to verify the accounts. However, it is my view that the developer
only remains accountable to the Commissioner for the period of which he (the
developer) is in charge of the monies in the maintenance fund.

All the remaining monies in the maintenance fund have to be transferred over
to a management corporation upon its formation. Thenceforth, it would be the
management corporation who would be managing the funds for the benefit of the
subsidiary proprietors or residents of the condominium. It seems rather
nonsensical to say that the developer has to continue to keep proper accounts
of a fund of which he is no longer in control and that the Commissioner could
verify such accounts."

**

Section 199 of the Companies Act

**

52 The final argument of Regenthill concerns s 199 of the Companies Act which
requires a company to keep such accounting and other records "as will
sufficiently explain the transactions and financial position" of the company
for a period of 7 years after the completion of the transactions. Therefore,
they cannot part with the physical possession of the accounting records
relating to the maintenance fund.

53 There is a serious flaw in this argument. The documents to which s 199
applies are those relating to the "transactions and financial position" of the
company. As far as the moneys in the maintenance fund are concerned,
Regenthill stands in the position of a trustee. Documents relating thereto are
not documents relating to the "transaction and financial position" of
Regenthill but to a fund in respect of which s 10 of the BCP Act has rendered
Regenthill to be a trustee. The "transactions" which Regenthill had undertaken
on behalf of the maintenance fund were not the transactions of Regenthill.
They did not affect the financial position of Regenthill. The records
maintained by Regenthill in respect of those transactions were clearly records
maintained under s 10(5) of the BCP Act. With respect, the reference to s 199
of the Companies Act is a red herring.

**

Judgment

**

54 In the result the appeal is dismissed. On the question of costs, the
following two points need to be noted. First, the MC made the application
essentially on the ground of s 37(4) of the LTSA, and the parties’ submissions
were largely on the construction of that section, even though the judge in
coming to her decision also, to an extent, relied on common law. Second, the
argument which Regenthill raised before us in relation to s 37(4)(b) was not
raised in the court below. How the court below would have construed s 37(4)(b)
had this argument been raised is a matter of speculation. In the
circumstances, even though the appellants have failed, we do not think the MC
should obtain full costs of the hearing here and below as the MC has failed on
its main point, the construction point. Viewing the matter as a whole, we
think a fair order would be that the respondent, the MC, shall only have 40%
of the costs, here and below. The security for costs, together with any
accrued interest, shall be released to the MC to account of the latter’s
costs.

**

** Sgd:

CHAO HICK TIN TAN LEE MENG

JUDGE OF APPEAL JUDGE

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Jul 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

