Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hengwell Development Pte Ltd v Thing Chiang Ching and Others  
[2002] SGHC 146

Case Number | : | OS 601182/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 July 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hee Theng Fong, Tay Wee Chong and Yu Siew Fun (Hee Theng Fong & Co) for the plaintiffs; Patrick Ang and Andrew Ang (Rajah & Tann) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Hengwell Development Pte Ltd — Thing Chiang Ching   
  
Companies – Members – Representative action – Application by plaintiffs for
court's leave to commence action on behalf of company – Whether action in good
faith – Whether action prima facie in company's interests – Whether to grant
application – s 216A Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Ed)  
  
Companies – Members – Shareholder action – Company suffering loss as a result
of breach of fiduciary duties owing to it – Plaintiffs' loss reflective of
company's loss – Whether plaintiffs can recover such loss  
  

**Judgment** __ **Cur Adv Vult**

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

By this Originating Summons the plaintiffs are seeking under s 216A of the
Companies Act (Cap. 50) ("the Act") leave of the court to bring an action
("the action") in the name of and on behalf of the 4th defendant, Far East-
Hengwell Pte Limited ("the Joint Venture Company"). The proposed action will
seek to recover funds misappropriated by a substantial corporate shareholder
of the Joint Venture Company, namely Far East Packaging Industrial Pte Limited
("Far East Packaging") and certain directors and officers appointed by Far
East Packaging to manage and run the wholly owned subsidiary known as Quanzhou
Hengwei Colour Printing & Exquisite Sack Co Ltd ("Quanzhou Hengwei") of the
Joint Venture Company in the People’s Republic of China ("PRC"). The claims
will include damages for breaches of contractual and/or fiduciary duties and
for misrepresentation by the defendants and others and for reliefs against
them as dishonest recipients.

2 The proposed defendants have denied that there was a misappropriation of the
alleged sum of RMB 5,700,000 and the other claims asserted by the plaintiffs
against them on behalf of the Joint Venture Company. They stress in rebuttal
that the allegations are entirely without basis. The first three defendants
further assert that even the allegations made by the plaintiffs were taken as
made out for present purposes, the application under s 216A of the Act is
misconceived for the following reason. They say that the Joint Venture Company
has no locus standi and is not the appropriate party to commence the proposed
action. Initially, they further contend that even if the Joint Venture Company
is the party to bring any action the Liquidator of the Joint Venture Company
would be the best person to have conduct of the proposed action. But this line
of argument was not relied on. I now turn to describe the parties and set out
the material background and the applicable law.

3 The plaintiffs and Far East Packaging are joint venture partners. They
formed the Joint Venture Company on 26 March 1996. The sole business activity
of the Joint Venture Company is its wholly owned subsidiary which I have
referred to as Quanzhou Hengwei. The purpose of the Joint Venture Company was
to acquire all the shares of Quanzhou Hengwei. The plaintiffs own 2,550,000
shares of $1 each in the Joint Venture Company and Far East Packaging owns
2,450,000 shares; they therefore own 51% and 49% of the shares respectively.
However, day to day management of factory operations of Quanzhou Hengwei was
reserved under the joint venture to Far East Packaging. By clause 6.2 of the
Joint Venture Agreement dated 27 March 1996 it was agreed that the day to day
management of Quanzhou Hengwei would be carried out by the executive director
and/or managers appointed by Far East and they shall be directed by Mr Thing
Chiang Ching ("Mr CC Thing"), the first defendant. In the event, Far East
Packaging appointed and authorised Mr CC Thing, one Mr Lim Seng Kwee ("Mr
Lim") and one Mr Wu Yu Qin ("Mr Wu") to manage the factory and business
operations of Quanzhou Hengwei. The three executives were said to have been
directed by Mr CC Thing.

**

The background

**

4 On 31 May 2001 Far East Packaging commenced winding up proceedings to wind
up the Joint Venture Company on a judgment debt which it had obtained. The
plaintiffs looked into the matters and came to the conclusion that the Joint
Venture Company had substantial cross claims against Far East Packaging which
would overtop the judgment debt.

5 First, the plaintiffs assert that Far East Packaging had dishonestly
assisted Mr Wu and Mr Lim in the latters’ breaches of their fiduciary duties
and/or breaches of trusts. These two executives had misrepresented to Quanzhou
Hengwei and the Joint Venture Company that various trade debtors of Quanzhou
Hengwei amounting to the total value RMB5.7 million had not paid those debts,
when in truth and in fact these debts had been paid to Quanzhou Hengwei. The
plaintiffs further claim that Far East Packaging had knowingly received
RMB1,244,108.45 as constructive trustee of the Joint Venture Company and/or
Quanzhou Hengwei. In this connection, the plaintiffs allege that Far East
Packaging and Mr CC Thing had through their representatives Mr Wu and Mr Lim
fraudulently misrepresented to the Joint Venture Company and Quanzhou Hengwei
that Quanzhou Hengwei were liable in the said sum for "handling fees" and/or
"general fees" when in fact all of them knew that the representations were
false. They all knew that the said sum should not have been paid.

6 In amplifying the allegations, it is alleged that Far East Packaging had in
connection with its management of Quanzhou Hengwei appointed one Mr Zhu Yi
Qing ("Mr Zhu") as a sales manager of the factory. At that time, Mr CC Thing,
Mr Wu and Mr Lim were authorised to run the day to day business of Quanzhou
Hengwei. Accordingly, Mr Zhu owed the following fiduciary duties to Quanzhou
Hengwei, namely: (1) to collect debts from the trade debtors of Quanzhou
Hengwei and hand them to the accounts department; (2) to act in good faith and
in the best interests of the company; (3) not to place himself in a position
in which his personal interests did or might conflict with the interests of
the company; and (4) to hold whatever monies and property collected from the
trade debtors on trust for Quanzhou Hengwei. In addition, Far East Packaging
and Mr CC Thing, according to the plaintiffs also owed the last three named
fiduciary duties to the Joint Venture Company and Quanzhou Hengwei.

7 Mr Zhu had in a statement in Chinese disclosed what had transpired. He said
that he was appointed as manager of the business department of Quanzhou
Hengwei in March 1996. He was responsible for marketing and for the collection
of debts from customers. Mr Lim as representative of Far East Packaging was
appointed executive director and general manager of Quanzhou Hengwei. Mr Wu
assisted Mr Lim in the management of Quanzhou Hengwei. Mr Zhu alleges that in
1998 Mr CC Thing, one Mr Teng Chiang Keow, Mr Wu and Mr Lim had conspired with
him (Mr Zhu) to hatch a plan. Under it, it was agreed that monies collected
from trade debtors would be paid into their individual personal accounts and
the proceeds would be used to incorporate and fund a new company to be set up
to compete with the business of Quanzhou Hengwei. Mr CC Thing promised that Mr
Zhu and Mr Wu would be allotted 10% of the shareholdings of the new company.
Mr CC Thing promised that he would incorporate the company in Singapore which
would be used, in turn, to form a company in Quanzhou, PRC. The company formed
in Singapore was, in the event, Sin Quan Packaging Pte Ltd which was
incorporated on 18 May 1998. In fact, according to the plaintiffs, at a
manager’s meeting at the end of 1999 Mr Zhu admitted in the presence of Mr CC
Thing, Mr Wu and the representatives of the plaintiffs, one Mr Dai Zhi Xin, a
sales representative of Quanzhou Hengwei and Mr Go Twan Heng (" Mr Go") that
Far East Packaging had instructed him to divert funds from Quanzhou Hengwei to
Far East Packaging. The total amount diverted was approximately RMB2.4
million. At that meeting, Mr CC Thing told Mr Go that Mr Wu had "taken" RMB2.4
million from the trade debtors and that Far East Packaging would repay this
sum. According to Mr Go, Mr CC Thing had at the same time promised that he (Mr
CC Thing) would be personally liable for the RMB2.4 million.

8 In the statement, Mr Zhu also referred to various payments from his personal
account into which the funds collected from the trade debtors of Quanzhou
Hengwei had been deposited. He had on Mr Wu’s instructions paid RMB20,000 to
one Cheng Xiang, the driver of Mr CC Thing. According to Mr Zhu, Mr Wu had
said that the money was meant for the girlfriend of Mr CC Thing. On another
occasion, Mr Zhu had paid Mr Wu RMB20,000 at the latter’s request.

9 Mr Zhu in the statement further alleged that he had handed over to Mr Wu the
sum of RMB350,000 which Mr Wu had paid over to the Shanghainese girlfriend of
Mr Teng. He further alleged that Mr Wu had instructed one Mr Li Po and one Mr
Lin Lian Fang to collect monies from the trade debtors of Quanzhou Hengwei and
that Mr Wu had received about RMB300,000 to RMB400,000 from these collectors.

10 Mr Go in his affidavit in support of the plaintiffs’ application herein
asserts that Mr Zhu and Mr Wu had collected from trade debtors of Quanzhou
Hengwei the approximate sum of RMB5.7 million. In several sub-paragraphs under
para 19 of his affidavit Mr Go listed the breakdown.

11 Another head of claim is in relation to the sum of RMB1,244,108.45 which
were paid out by Quanzhou Hengwei for "handling fees" or "general fees" which
the plaintiffs assert were not genuine liabilities at all. They were paid out
against 9 vouchers issued in 1997. In 1997 the total import of paper to
Quanzhou Hengwei was 1089.66 metric tons. According to the customs documents
the import and export of the paper was tax exempted. There could not have been
such substantial, extraordinary and apparently unexplained liabilities. The
plaintiffs assert that Far East Packaging caused these payments to be made by
Mr Lim and Mr Wu to themselves or to third parties when there was no
justification for such payments.

12 By a letter of 22 June 2001 a director of the Joint Venture Company
appointed by the plaintiffs under the Joint Venture Agreement called for the
convening of the Directors’ Meeting and an Extraordinary General Meeting of
the Joint Venture Company to consider the commencement of legal proceedings to
claim against Far East Packaging and Mr CC Thing for the recovery of monies of
Quanzhou Hengwei which were dishonestly retained or diverted by them. In July
2001 the directors of the Joint Venture Company who were appointed by Far East
Packaging replied to the effect that they were abstaining to vote. Those
directors did not turn up at the scheduled meetings. They also failed to
attend the adjourned meetings. As clause 4.5 of the Joint Venture Agreement
dated 27 March 1996 stipulated that the quorum for any directors’ meeting
shall be at least one director of the Joint Venture Company appointed by the
plaintiffs and one director appointed by Far East Packaging, no valid meeting
was convened and there was no corporate approval to commence the legal
proceedings. The plaintiffs contend that Far East Package had unreasonably
refused to attend the directors’ meeting and authorised the commencement of
the legal proceedings.

13 In response to the contention of the first three defendants that Quanzhou
Hengwei, and not its parent (the Joint Venture Company), has the locus standi
to commence legal proceedings against Far East Packaging, Mr CC Thing and
others, the plaintiffs through their solicitors sought the opinion on Chinese
law in relation to three questions. The first question is whether there is any
equivalent of s 216A of the Act in Chinese Company law that gives a
shareholder of a company the right to sue in the name of the company. The
second question is whether, under the law of China concerning enterprises with
Sole Foreign Investment and Detailed Rules for the implementation of the Law
of China on Sole Foreign Investment Enterprises, there are equivalent
provisions similar to s 216A of the Act. The third question is this: if there
is a deadlock between the shareholders of a company in not being able to
procure or cause the company to sue the debtors, how would the Courts in China
deal with the situation. In December 2001 Mr Wan Hailong, a licensed
practising lawyer in the PRC, of 9 years’ standing gave his opinion on the 3
legal questions. He opined that under the Companies Act and the Foreign
Capital Enterprises Act and their relevant rules and regulations, there is
nothing that is similar to those of section 216A of the Act. He further stated
in his opinion that if there are two camps of shareholders with conflicting
views resulting in a situation where the company cannot pass a resolution to
sue in the name of the company, then the Court will not deal with the
company’s claims against its debtors. These views were not challenged by the
first three defendants and no contrary opinions on the relevant Chinese laws
were proffered. Accordingly, the conclusion is that in a stalemate, such as
the one in this instant case, Quanzhou Hengwei will have no recourse and will
be unable to enforce its rights against Far East Packaging and its appointed
directors in the Joint Venture Company and Quanzhou Hengwei would not approve
of any such legal action. In those circumstances, it seems to me that there
must be very compelling reasons why the Joint Venture Company should be
refused any leave to commence legal proceedings against the wrongdoers and
allegedly bad fiduciaries.

**

Section 216A of the Act

**

14 Ordinarily, a company by its majority members or its Board should decide
whether to prosecute or defend a claim. Occasionally, it is not possible to
obtain Board’s approval because the potential defendant’s approval is required
and it is withheld. That is to be expected because a person would not
ordinarily authorise its company to sue him. A member of the company, if he
has a legitimate claim, may apply for leave to bring an action in the name and
on behalf of the company. Under subsection 216A(3) of the Act, however, it
must be shown that the complainant is acting in good faith and that it appears
to be prima facie in the interest of the company that the action be brought.

15 In this case, the first three defendants contend that the ability of the
Joint Venture Company to bring action to recover reflective losses had been
authoritatively restated by the House of Lords in _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co (a
firm) _[2001] 2 WLR 72. Counsel for the first three defendants points out that
the alleged losses and damages suffered by the Joint Venture Company were
essentially (if proven) a reduction in the value of its shareholdings in
Quanzhou Hengwei. Such reduction in the value of the shares is a reflection of
the loss suffered by Quanzhou Hengwei. If Quanzhou Hengwei sues and
successfully recovers the losses and damages, then the Joint Venture Company
will be fully compensated and the value of its shares will remain intact. The
House of Lords decided that as a matter of policy a shareholder should be
precluded from recovering a reflective loss. As Lord Millet explained,
disallowing a corporate claim would prejudice the company’s creditors if the
company becomes insolvent as a result of the wrongdoing. The interests of
other shareholders would also be adversely affected. In addition, the House of
Lords disapproved of Johnson challenging ‘in one capacity the adequacy of the
terms he had agreed in the other’.

16 The facts in _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co_ may be stated briefly. Gore Wood, a
firm of solicitors, had acted for Johnson’s company, in which he held all but
two shares. It was alleged that the solicitors had acted negligently and had
failed to exercise an option to purchase the land for Johnson’s company. The
company sued the solicitors and it was settled by the payment of a large sum
to that company. After the payment, Johnson also claimed damages for
negligence on the ground that the solicitors had also assumed certain duties
towards him as the substantial shareholder. As some of the losses claimed by
Johnson were also losses which his company had suffered and which had been
settled, the solicitors applied to strike out those claims on the ground that
they were reflective losses and Johnson was not entitled personally to recover
them. The House of Lords struck out those claims which were reflective losses
but allowed the others to go to trial.

17 The issue raised in this case has implications both in principle and in
terms of policy. The principles of corporate identity and autonomy are
established in _Salomon v Salomon_ [1896] AC 22 and _Foss v Harbottle_ (1843)
2 Hare 461 which decided respectively the cardinal principles that a duly
incorporated company is separate in law from its members and that the majority
of members is entitled to exercise its powers and control its operations
generally. The notable exception to the last named principle is that the
majority cannot by those powers and control commit a fraud on the minority nor
oppress it by the exercise of those powers and control. The question is under
what circumstances it is right to make an exception and effectively lift the
corporate veil with the effect that interests of shareholders are identified
with those of the company. The New Zealand Court of Appeal in _Christensen v
Scott_ [1996] 1 NZLR 273 and the English Court of Appeal in _Barings plc v
Coopers & Lybrand_ [1997] 1 BCLC 427 had made exceptions to those principles
of keeping separate a company from its shareholders. In those cases, it was
respectively decided, inter alia, that a loss suffered by a company could also
be suffered by an individual shareholder and that a reflective loss may be
recoverable by a shareholder. But the House of Lords in _Johnson v Gore Wood &
Co_ has decided only a company can maintain an action to recover reflective
losses and that a shareholder is precluded from doing so.

18 Lord Bingham in his leading Speech considered _Prudential Assurance Co Ltd
v Newman Industries Ltd_ [1982] 1 All ER 354**,**_Barings plc v Coopers &
Lybrand and Christensen v Scott_ and stated at pp 94E-95B:

**

> > **

"These authorities support the following propositions. (1) Where a company
suffers loss caused by a breach of duty owed to it, only the company may sue
in respect of that loss. No action lies at the suit of a shareholder suing in
that capacity and no other to make good a diminution in the value of the
shareholder’s shareholding where that merely reflects the loss suffered by the
company. A claim will not lie by a shareholder to make good a loss which would
be made good if the company’s assets were replenished through action against
the party responsible for the loss, even if the company, acting through its
constitutions organs, has declined or failed to make good that loss. So much
is clear from _Prudential Assurance Co Ltd v. Newman Industries Ltd (No. 2)_
[1982] Ch 204, particularly at pp 222–223, _Heron International_ ,
particularly at pp 261-262, _George Fischer, particularly at pp 266 and
270-271, Gerber and Stein v Blake_ , particularly at pp 726-729. (2) Where a
company suffers loss but has no cause of action to sue to recover that loss,
the shareholder in the company may sue in respect of it (if the shareholder
has a cause of action to do so), even though the loss is a diminution in the
value of the shareholding. This is supported by _Lee v Sheard_ [1956] 1 QB
192, 195-196, _George Fischer and Gerber._ (3) Where a company suffers loss
caused by a breach of duty to it, and a shareholder suffers a loss separate
and distinct from that suffered by the company caused by breach of a duty
independently owed to the shareholder, each may sue to recover the loss caused
to it by breach of the duty owed to it but neither may recover loss caused to
the other by breach of the duty owed to that other. I take this to be the
effect of _Lee v Sheard,_ at pp 195-196, _Heron International,_ particularly
at p 262, _R P Howard,_ particularly at p 123, _Gerber and Stein v Blake,_
particularly at p 726. I do not think the observations of Leggatt LJ in
_Barings_ at p 435 and of the Court of Appeal of New Zealand in _Christensen v
Scott_ at p 280, lines 25-35, can be reconciled with this statement of
principle."

19 Lord Bingham summarised the reasoning at p 95C as follows:

_**

> > **_

"On the one hand the court must respect the principle of company automony,
ensure that the company’s creditors are not prejudiced by the action of
individual shareholders and ensure that a party does not recover compensation
for a loss which another party has suffered. On the other, the court must be
astute to ensure that the party who has in fact suffered loss is not
arbitrarily denied fair compensation. The problem can be resolved only by
close scrutiny of the pleadings at the strike-out stage and all the proven
facts at the trial stage: the object is to ascertain whether the loss claimed
appears to be or is one which would be made good if the company had enforced
its full rights against the party responsible, and whether (to use the
language of _Prudential Assurance Co Ltd v Newman Industries Ltd (No 2)_[1982]
Ch 204, 223) the loss claimed is "_merely a reflection of the loss suffered by
the company"._ In some cases the answer will be clear, as where the
shareholder claims the loss of dividend or a diminution in the value of a
shareholding attributable solely to depletion of the company’s assets, or a
loss unrelated to the business of the company. In other cases, inevitably, a
finer judgment will be called for. At the strike-out stage any reasonable
doubt must be resolved in favour of the claimant."

20 The principle in _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co_ was applied recently in _Shaker
v Mohammed Al-Bedrawi_ [2001] EWHC Ch 159. Mr Justice Lawrence Collins said at
paras 28 and 29:

> > "In _Johnson v Gore Wood_ the House of Lords disapproved the approach of
> the New Zealand Court of Appeal in _Christensen v Scott_ [1996] 1 NZLR 273
> (applied by the Court of Appeal in _Barings plc v Coopers & Lybrand_ [1997]
> 1 BCLC 427) in allowing a personal claim for diminution in the value of
> shares allegedly caused by the negligence of accountants and solicitors in
> advising on the company taking a lease of farm land ... These decisions are
> disapproved in _Johnson v Gore Wood_ by all the members of the House (except
> Lord Cooke of Thorndon), although it is apparent that Lord Hutton did so
> with some reluctance."

21 The same issue arose for consideration in _Eric Terence Day v James Thomas
Gregory Cook_ [2001] EWCA Viv 592. The question in that case was whether Day
could recover damages against his solicitor, Cook, for the loss in value of
his shareholding in his principal trading company caused by his solicitor’s
breach of duty. Lady Justice Arden referred to Lord Bingham’s speech in
_Johnson_ and said at para 36:

> > **
>>

>> **"Lord Goff gave a concurring speech, and agreed with Lord Millett’s
analysis (below) of the earlier case law. Lord Cooke of Thornden concurred in
the result, but considered in some cases it was possible that the shareholder
would suffer additional loss. He cited the case of _Christensen v Scott_[1996]
1 NZLR 273, where a shareholder was permitted to pursue a claim for reflective
loss after the company’s claim had been settled. Lord Hutton agreed with the
result, holding that the approach in _Prudential Assurance v Newman_ should be
preferred to that in _Christensen v Scott_ as it had stood for almost 20
years."

Lady Justice Arden continued at paras 38 to 40 as follows:

> > "It will thus be seen from the speeches in _Johnson v Gore Wood_ that
> where there is a breach of duty to both the shareholder and the company and
> the loss which the shareholder suffers is merely a reflection of the
> company’s loss there is now a clear rule that the shareholder cannot
> recover. That follows from the graphic example of the shareholder who is led
> to part with the key to the company’s money box and the theft of the
> company’s money from that box. It is not simply the case that double
> recovery will not be allowed, so that, for instance if the company’s claim
> is not pursued or there is some defence to the company’s claim, the
> shareholder can pursue his claim. The company’s claim, if it exists, will
> always trump that of the shareholder. Accordingly the court has no
> discretion. The claim cannot be entertained. The English rule is therefore
> different from the position in New Zealand: see _Christiansen (sic) v
> Scott,_ above. Even in the case of owner-managed companies, there is no
> discretion."

22 Counsel for the plaintiffs submitted, in rebuttal, that the facts of the
instant case fall within propositions (2) and (3) of Lord Bingham’s summary in
_Johnson v Gore Wood & Co_. He relies on the fact that Quanzhou Hengwei has no
cause of action or is unable to enforce its full rights, for which he relies
on the evidence of the expert on Chinese law. I find considerable force behind
these submissions, which I accept. The facts in the instant case falls within
propositions (2) and (3) of Lord Bingham. A litigant is not to be lightly
turned away from bringing a genuine cause before our Courts. A fortiori, if
there is no risk of double recovery and there is no prejudice to the creditors
or shareholders of the company, which has no remedy in any event under Chinese
law, the policy reasons behind the decision in _Johnson v Gore Wood & Co_ do
not apply. Accordingly, the Joint Venture Company as the sole shareholder of
Quanzhou Hengwei has the right and title to bring the action to recover the
claims. Whether it succeeds or not depends on the evidence it can gather and
present to Court. There is a prima facie case. The application is allowed.
There will be an order in terms of prayers 1, 2, 3 and 5 set out in the
Originating Summons. Other prayers regarding the future conduct and costs of
the proceedings are adjourned for further consideration. Parties are also
directed to settle the draft orders of Court for my approval.

Sgd:

Lai Kew Chai

Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

