Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wong Soon Lee v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 216

Case Number | : | MA 72/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 September 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Appellant in person; Hamidul Haq and Hui Choon Kuen (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Wong Soon Lee — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mitigation – Accused having young son with
rare blood disease – Whether hardship caused to son because of accused's
imprisonment carries any mitigating value  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Using criminal force knowing
it to be likely to outrage modesty – Sentence of 12 months' imprisonment and
three strokes of cane – Whether accused claiming trial adversely affects
sentence – Accused having antecedents not strictly similar to present offence
– Whether judge can take such antecedents into account – Benchmark sentence
for outrage of modesty cases – Whether prison sentence manifestly excessive –
Whether caning sentence manifestly excessive – s 354 Penal Code (Cap 224)  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

The appellant was convicted in the district court on one count of outrage of
modesty pursuant to s 354 of the Penal Code (Cap 224) and was sentenced to 12
months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane. Initially, the appellant
appealed against both conviction and sentence. Subsequently, at the hearing on
3 September, the appellant dropped his appeal on conviction and proceeded with
his appeal on sentence only. I allowed his appeal in part. I allowed the
sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment to remain but set aside the three strokes
of the cane. I now give my reasons.

**_

The facts

_**2 The appellant was charged as follows:

You,

> Name: Wong Soon Lee, M/44 years
>
> NRIC No: S 1252347E
>
> Nationality: Singaporean
>
> DOB: 13.03.1957

are charged that you, on the 26th day of July 2001, sometime after 9pm, inside
the premises of "Take Off" pub located at Paramount Shopping Centre along
Katong Road, Singapore, did use criminal force on one Nah Sze Ling, F/24 years
old, to wit, by touching her breast with your left hand, knowing it to be
likely that you will thereby outrage the modesty of the said Nah Sze Lin, and
you have thereby committed an offence punishable under Section 354 of the
Penal Code, Chapter 224.

3 On 26 July 2001, at around 8 p.m., the complainant Nah Sze Ling Tricia
("Tricia") went to the Take-Off Pub ("the pub") at Paramount Shopping Centre
with her friend Doreen Leong Siew Peng ("Doreen"). Both of them were flight
stewardesses at the time of the incident. The pub belonged to Kelly, a
colleague of the two flight stewardesses.

4 When Tricia and Doreen arrived, they went to sit at the bar counter. The
appellant was already there. They did not notice him at first, but, after a
while, they realised that he was staring at them. He tried to get their
attention by mumbling something to them. Doreen and Tricia ignored him. He
then shouted at them, saying that if they were not happy, they need not sit
there. Doreen and Tricia noticed that he was drunk and slurring in his speech.

5 Tricia and Doreen then complained to Kelley about the appellant’s behaviour.
Kelley told the appellant that Doreen was his wife and asked him to leave them
alone. This was in fact not true, but it seemed to work as the appellant
stopped trying to harass them. After a while, however, the appellant started
staring at them again.

6 After that, three more of Tricia’s colleagues arrived: Ng May Na ("May Na"),
Ang Teck Cheng ("TC") and Penny Yong Pin Fong ("Penny"). They joined Tricia
and Doreen at the bar counter. Upon arrival, Tricia and Doreen told them about
how the appellant had been staring at them. TC went up to the appellant and
told him to relax, have a drink and not disturb the girls. TC heard the
appellant reply something along the lines of, "she’s the boss’ wife, it’s
okay, never mind, it’s okay". TC then placed himself between the appellant and
Tricia. Subsequently, the appellant reached out across TC and touched Tricia’s
left breast. Tricia exclaimed and slapped the appellant before running out of
the pub. TC, Penny and May Na witnessed the appellant touching Tricia’s left
breast.

7 Tricia and her friends subsequently called the police. At about 9.47 p.m.,
Sgt James Siew ("Sgt Siew") arrived at the scene. He saw Tricia and Doreen
crying and looking upset. Sgt Siew then interviewed the appellant and observed
that he smelt of alcohol. The appellant was sent to Changi General Hospital
for a medical examination and was examined by one Dr. Goh Ting Hui ("Dr.
Goh"). Dr. Goh noted that he smelt of alcohol. A blood sample was collected
from the appellant at 2.10 a.m. A blood test conducted on the sample revealed
that there was 191 mg ethanol per 100 ml of blood.

8 The respondent’s case below was that the appellant had intentionally touched
the left breast of the complainant with his left hand knowing it to be likely
that he would thereby outrage her modesty. The appellant’s case below was that
he had drunk a lot of alcohol that evening. Prior to drinking at the pub, he
had been to one Barrel Pub in Siglap at about 4 p.m. where he drank about
three to four glasses of beer and whiskey. After that, he proceeded to the pub
where he continued drinking whiskey. He claimed that, when he woke up at the
police lock-up, he had no recollection of what had taken place in the pub.

_**

The decision below

**_

9 The trial judge found that the prosecution had proven its case beyond
reasonable doubt and convicted the accused on the charge. In sentencing the
appellant, the trial judge noted that the benchmark sentence for outrage of
modesty cases where the victim’s private parts or sexual organs are intruded
is a nine month jail term and caning: see _Chandresh Patel v PP_[1995] 1 CLAS
323. She also noted that the appellant had previous brushes with the law
arising from excessive alcohol consumption. In August 1986 he was fined and
disqualified from driving for one year for drink driving. Again, in July 1989,
he was fined and disqualified for driving for two years for failing to provide
a blood/urine specimen for testing under s 69 of the Road Traffic Act. The
trial judge also found that the appellant had voluntarily induced his state of
drunkenness and he had done so in a public place. Therefore, it was quite
foreseeable that he could have caused trouble to himself and the people around
him. In light of these factors, the trial judge was of the view that a
sentence above the benchmark should be imposed and ordered the appellant to be
sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane.

_**

Appeal against sentence

**_

10 In his present appeal against sentence and in mitigation in the court
below, the appellant submitted that he was divorced and had custody of a 15
year-old son suffering from a rare blood disease. His son requires regular
blood transfusions and is taking his GCE ‘O’ Levels examinations this year. He
submitted that a custodial sentence would cause hardship to his son.

11 The short answer to that was that the appellant had only brought it upon
himself. The legal position on this issue was clear: while the Court may be
sympathetic to the families of accused persons, hardship caused to the family
occasioned by imprisonment is of little weight today: _Lai Oei Mui Jenny v PP_
[1993] 3 SLR 305, _Lim Choon Kang v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 927 and _PP v Tan Fook
Sum_ [1999] 2 SLR 523. In this context, it is perhaps timely to reiterate a
passage from Widgery CJ’s judgment in _R v Ingham_ (1980) 2 Cr App R (S) 184
(which was referred to in _Lai Oei Mui Jenny_ and _Tan Fook Sum_):

> … it is not altogether an easy case, but of course, this always happens,
> time and time again, that imprisonment of the father inevitably causes
> hardship to the rest of the family. If we were to listen to this kind of
> argument regularly and normally in the cases that come before us, we should
> be considering not the necessary punishment for the offender but the extent
> to which his wife and family might be prejudiced by it. The crux of the
> matter is that part of the price to pay when committing a crime is that
> imprisonment does involve hardship on the wife and family, and it cannot be
> one of the factors which can affect what would otherwise be the right
> sentence.

In _Tan Fook Sum_ , I stated at 539 that "[a]lthough ensuing hardship may
exceptionally mitigate the rigour of punishment, the circumstances must be
exceptional before the court will decide against a custodial sentence on this
ground." On the facts of the present case, the appellant had not managed to
satisfy me that it was an exceptional case worthy of a reduction on the
grounds of hardship to his son.

12 The DPP submitted that the sentence was not manifestly excessive in light
of the appellant’s choice to claim trial and going through three full days of
trial in the court below. I was of the opinion that this factor was neither
here nor there. Essentially, the appellant’s defence below was one of bare
denial and non-recollection of events. In _Teo Keng Pong v PP_[1996] 3 SLR
329, I stated at p 341 that it would be very dangerous to discount the
accused’s evidence merely because it was a ‘bare denial’. Even though the
appellant in _Teo Keng Pong_ went through a full trial and relied on a defence
of bare denial, I nevertheless proceeded to find that some of the sentences
were manifestly excessive and varied them accordingly. Similarly, on the
particular facts of the present case, I saw no reason to adversely affect the
appellant’s sentence simply because he had claimed trial.

13 Next, I turned to the question of whether the trial judge was correct in
enhancing the sentence from the benchmark of nine months’ imprisonment to 12
months’ imprisonment. Although the antecedents were not strictly of a similar
nature to an offence under s 354, the trial judge was correct to take them
into account because they shared some broad similarities arising from the
appellant’s habit of drink: see _R Yoganathan v PP_[1999] 4 SLR 264, _Leong
Mun Kwai v PP_ [1996] 2 SLR 338 and _Lim Kim Seng & Anor v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR
743. DA Thomas in _Principles of Sentencing_ at pp 178-9 summarised the
position in England to be as follows:

> The cases suggest that the appellant may be treated as a first offender
> where the subsequent offence can be seen as an isolated act out of
> character, rather than an extension of the offender’s criminal activity into
> a hitherto unexplored field … _To be considered an offence out of character,
> the later offence should fall into a quite different broad category from the
> previous offences_ … (emphasis added).

I found no reason for the local position to be any different from that in
England. I was of the opinion that the appellant’s previous incidents of drunk
driving were not incidents out of character. Therefore, I found that the
sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment was not manifestly excessive in light of
the appellant’s previous brushes with the law arising from his excessive
alcohol consumption.

14 However, I was of the opinion that the imposition of three strokes of the
cane was manifestly excessive in light of the circumstances of the case. I was
mindful of my earlier decision in _Chandresh Patel_ where I laid down the
benchmark of nine months’ imprisonment and three strokes of the cane where a
female’s private parts or sexual organs are intruded. However, as I stated in
_Ng Chiew Kiat v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR 370 at 383:

> The offence of outrage of modesty under s 354 of the Penal Code encompasses
> a wide range of criminal behaviour. _The appropriate sentence for each case
> would largely depend on the nature of the act of molest as well as the
> circumstances surrounding the commission of the offence in question_.
> (emphasis added)

15 In _Nordin bin Ismail v PP_[1996] 1 CLAS News 250, the appellant was a
police corporal who molested a woman police constable at the police station.
Two of the charges were that he placed his hand on her shoulder and on her
waist respectively. He was originally sentenced to three and four months’
imprisonment for each of the two offences. On appeal, I reduced the sentence
to a $500 fine for each of the two offences.

16 In _Soh Yang Tick_ _v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 42, the appellant was faced with two
charges of outraging the modesty of a secretary in his office. There, the
appellant had allegedly touched the complainant’s back and abdomen by putting
his hand inside the jacket that the complainant was wearing and, on another
occasion, he used his hand to lightly slap the complainant’s buttock. He was
convicted on both charges and appealed. I allowed the appeal against
conviction on the first charge but dismissed the appeal against conviction on
the second charge. However, I allowed the appeal against sentence on the
second charge and reduced the sentence from one of imprisonment to a fine of
$2,000.

17 In _Teo Keng Pong_ , the appellant was convicted on not one, but six
charges of outraging the modesty of a 13 year-old girl to whom he was giving
tuition lessons. The charges related to the appellant caressing the girl’s
thigh, back and touching her left breast over a period of three weeks. I
sentenced the accused to a total of seven months’ imprisonment and fines of
$2,500. I did not find that the circumstances of the case warranted an
imposition of any strokes of the cane.

18 On the present facts, the trial judge accepted the complainant’s testimony
that the appellant touched her left breast for about two to three seconds.
According to the testimony of various prosecution witnesses at the trial, the
appellant was in a state of ‘high’ at the time of the incident. Subsequently,
it was determined that there was 191 mg of ethanol in his blood some five
hours after the incident.

19 I was satisfied that the facts and circumstances surrounding the present
case were sufficiently close to the case of _Teo Keng Pong_ on the wide
spectrum of s 354 offences to warrant a setting aside of the three strokes of
the cane. I was of the view that _Nordin bin Ismail_ , _Soh Yang Tick_ and
_Teo Keng Pong_ , together with the present case, fall on the side of the
spectrum where an imposition of strokes of the cane would have been manifestly
excessive. In my opinion, a custodial sentence of 12 months’ imprisonment
would be sufficiently just punishment for the appellant to reflect on his
habit of excessive drink and to learn his lesson that not all people will
approve of unwanted physical contact. Accordingly, I allowed the sentence of
12 months’ imprisonment to remain, but set aside the three strokes of the
cane.

_

Appeal allowed in part; sentence varied.

_

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW

Chief Justice

Republic of Singapore

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Sep 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

