Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re XYZ (an infant)  
[2002] SGHC 184

Case Number | : | Adp P 377/1996, RA 720037/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 August 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Halimah bte Abdul Jalil (HA Jalil & Associates) for the appellants; Dyan Zuzarte (State Counsel) for the Attorney General   
Parties | : | —  
  
Family Law – Adoption – Amendment of adoption order – Whether possible to
amend infant's name after making and perfecting of order – Whether court has
any jurisdiction or is functus officio after adoption order made – Whether
court can vary order instead of amending it – Time when infant's change of
name occurs – Whether possible to re-apply to re-adopt infant – Whether
adoptive parents have any legal recourse – ss 9 & 12 Adoption of Children Act
(Cap 4)  
  

** Judgment **

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

**_

Introduction

_**1\. The infant, who was the subject of the appeal before me, was born in
the mid-1990s. He is a male Malay.

2\. On 21 March 1997, an adoption order was made (‘the Adoption Order’) in
respect of the infant in favour of the Appellants whose names I am also not
mentioning because of the sensitive nature of the matter before me. The
Appellants are also Malays.

3\. At the time the Adoption Order was made, the full name of the infant
conferred by the Adoption Order included his original name which in turn
referred to the name of his natural father e.g the adopted name was XYZ Bin M,
‘M’ being the name of his natural father.

4\. As a result, the birth certificate of the infant issued on 30 May 1997
reflects the adopted name but save as aforesaid, there is no suggestion
therein that the infant is adopted by the Appellants whose names are recorded
in the birth certificate as his father and mother.

5\. In 2002, the Appellants applied to amend the Adoption Order to delete any
reference in the adopted name to the infant’s original name and for an order
that the Registrar-General of Births and Deaths be directed to re-register the
birth and issue a new birth certificate in accordance with the amended
Adoption Order.

6\. In their supporting affidavit, the Appellants said they had not deleted
the original name of the infant from the adopted name at the time when they
applied to adopt him because they believed that neither the natural father,
his wife or his family would disclose to the infant his true identity after
the Adoption Order was made. I should add that the natural father is a brother
of the adopting mother.

7\. As events turned out, the infant was in contact with his natural siblings.

8\. Apparently for the last three months before the application was made,
these children, as well as other cousins of the infant, have been telling him
that he is not the natural son of the Appellants but of his natural father.
This caused him to be very sad and inquisitive. By then, he was about seven
years of age.

9\. For better or worse, the Appellants did not respond to his inquisitiveness
by telling him the truth. Instead, they told him that he is their son, meaning
their natural son. The infant then insisted on seeing his birth certificate
thus causing the Appellants to be afraid that he would be ‘terribly
emotionally affected’ when he learns the truth.

10\. Hence, the application was made to amend the Adoption Order. The
application was heard by District Judge Regina Ow. The Attorney-General who
was the guardian ad litem for the infant pending the making of the Adoption
Order appeared and objected to the application on the basis that the court had
no jurisdiction to amend the Adoption Order as the court was functus officio
after the Adoption Order was made.

11\. The District Judge dismissed the application on the ground that she had
no jurisdiction to amend the Adoption Order. The Appellants then appealed and
I heard their appeal. After hearing submissions, I dismissed the appeal. I now
give my written reasons.

_**

My reasons

**_

12\. Ms Dyan Zuzarte, from the Attorney-General’s Chambers, drew my attention
to an unreported decision of Michael Hwang JC (as he then was) in Adoption
Petition No 143 of 1990 where he held that he had no power to allow amendment
of an infant’s name to include his Hanyu Pinyin name after the adoption order
was made and perfected. However, no written reasons were given.

13\. Counsel for the Appellants, Ms Halimah Bte Abdul Jalil argued that that
decision was wrong.

14\. She submitted that the court had jurisdiction to amend the Adoption Order
notwithstanding that it had been made and perfected. She relied on s 16 and 17
of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322) but it was quite clear to me
that those provisions did not address the question whether the court had
jurisdiction to amend an order after it was made and perfected. Moreover, the
initial application of the Appellants for amendment was made to the District
Court and not to the High Court (which is part of the Supreme Court).

15\. Counsel for the Appellants then submitted that para 14 of the First
Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Amendment) Act 1993 provides
that the court has ‘powers to grant all reliefs and remedies at law and in
equity’ but again, for the same reasons I have mentioned, this provision did
not help.

16\. Counsel for the Appellants also relied on O 92 r 4 of the Rules of Court
which states:

‘4 For the removal of doubt it is hereby declared that nothing in these Rules
shall be deemed to limit or affect the inherent powers of the Court to make
any order as may be necessary to prevent injustice or to prevent an abuse of
the process of the Court.’

She then cited _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v Law Society of Singapore_ [2001] 4 SLR
25.

17\. However the facts in the case she cited were different and did not
involve the question of amending an order that had been made and perfected.

18\. Furthermore, as far as I was aware, O 92 r 4 has never been used by a
court or any party to amend an order already made and perfected. Rather it is
used to persuade a court to make an order before the court makes its order.

19\. I was of the view that the District Judge was correct in concluding that
the court had no jurisdiction to amend the Adoption Order after it had been
made and perfected, unless the amendment was being sought under what is known
as the slip-rule. This was not the case before me.

20\. I also considered whether a court could vary the Adoption Order, as
opposed to amending it, on the basis of a change of circumstances akin to a
variation of maintenance for a woman and/or a child under the Women’s Charter
Act (Cap 353). However, that variation is allowed under specific provisions of
the Women’s Charter and, even then, such a variation does not relate back to
the date of the original maintenance order.

21\. Having considered the scheme under the Act and in particular s 12
thereof, I was of the view that the change of name for an adopted infant
arises only when an adoption order is made.

22\. The material parts of s 12 state:

‘12.(1) Where an adoption order has been made, the Registrar of the court by
which the adoption order was made shall forthwith send to the Registrar-
General of Births and Deaths a notice in the form set out in the Schedule,
setting out the following particulars so far as they are known to the court:

(a) the full name of the child before the making of the adoption order;

(b) the full name of the child conferred by the adoption order;

[the other sub-provisions are not material.]

(2) ….

(3) _Upon_ receipt of the form referred to in subsection (1), the Registrar-
General shall if the birth of the adopted child has been registered in
Singapore cause the entry in the relevant registrar of births to be marked
with the word "Adopted". Particulars as to the birth of the child shall _then_
be registered separately _substituting the name conferred by the adoption for
the name of the child prior to adoption_ , and recording the name, address and
description of each adopting parent in substitution for the particulars as to
the natural or last adopting parents.

(4) ….

(5) Where a copy of the entry as to the birth of any child to which this
section relates is required for any purpose, the Registrar-General, subject to
any regulations as to payment of fees as are prescribed, shall supply a copy
of the last entry made pursuant to subsection (3) omitting in the copy of the
word "Adopted" that appears in the original or former entry.’

[Emphasis added.]

23\. If an adopted infant or his adopting parents are not happy with the name
chosen at the time the adoption order is made, then the change of name has to
be effected by a deed poll but this will not alter the name in the birth
certificate.

24\. My attention was also drawn to a decision by Chan Sek Keong J (as he then
was) in _Re ABZ (An infant)_[1992] 2 SLR 445. In that case, the infant was a
Chinese and his natural parents were Chinese. However the natural father had
died and the mother married a man, Mr Z, of Japanese origin. They adopted the
infant with Mr Z’s surname. Subsequently, Mr and Mrs Z were divorced and the
mother had custody of the infant and had no intention of settling in Japan.
The infant went to school in Singapore and, according to the mother, was
humiliated by other students because of the Japanese surname. The mother then
applied to set aside the adoption order and Mr Z had no objection to the
application.

25\. Justice Chan decided this could not be done. He went on to say that the
infant’s surname could be changed by a deed poll, but added, at p 445 A/B:

‘… However, I note that the Act makes no provision for a birth certificate
issued pursuant to s 12 to be changed to reflect a change of name.’

I agreed.

26\. I should add that Justice Chan was also of the view that the mother in
the case before him was not without recourse as she could invoke s 9 of the
Act to re-adopt the infant under the intended new name.

27\. Section 9 states:

‘9. An adoption order or an interim order may be made in respect of an infant
who has already been the subject of an adoption order, and, upon any
application for such further adoption order, _the adopter or adopters under
the adoption order last previously made shall_ , if living, _be deemed to be
the parent or parents of the infant_ for all the purposes of this Act.’

[Emphasis added.]

28\. I was of the view that on the facts before me, it was not possible for
both the Appellants to apply to re-adopt the infant under s 9 because s 9
envisages re-adoption by different adopting parents. It is not necessary for
me to express a view whether one of the Appellants can apply to re-adopt the
infant since such an application will create other problems for the infant as
the name of one of the Appellants will then drop out from the birth
certificate to be issued.

29\. There is also one more point which I would wish to make. Although the
Appellants might have good intentions, they were in effect asking the court to
assist them to continue to bluff the infant. I had serious reservations as to
whether the court should be an accomplice in this endeavour even if it had the
jurisdiction and power to do so.

30\. Ultimately, the Appellants have no legal recourse. However, it is
precisely because there may be no recourse that adopting parents must take
great care in the choice of the adopted name.

Sgd:

**

** WOO BIH LI

JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Aug 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

