Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## United Artists Singapore Theatres Pte Ltd & Another v Parkway Properties
Pte Ltd & Another  
[2002] SGHC 185

Case Number | : | Suit No 755 of 2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 August 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Stephen Christopher Soh and Wong Chiao Shan (Arthur Loke Bernard Rada & Lee); Joseph Ang and Sean Tan (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the defendants   
Parties | : | —  
  
Contract – Formation – Whether agreement 'subject to contract' incomplete –
Pre-contract payment – Entitlement to repayment  
  
Restitution – Failure of consideration – Total failure of consideration  
  
Restitution – Money had and received – Recovery of money paid in course of
negotiations – Contract not materialising  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_ _Cur Adv Vult_**

_**

Introduction

**_

1\. This action arose out of the proposed development of a 7- screen cineplex
at Parkway Parade Shopping Centre ("Parkway Parade"). It was a sizeable
project no less complicated by the fact that the site for the proposed
cineplex was to be on common property belonging to the 2nd Defendants.

2\. As early as 1994, the parties to this action were in discussions for the
development of the cineplex. Initially, the proposal was for the Plaintiffs to
undertake the construction of the cineplex and thereafter lease the cineplex
for 21 years from the 2nd Defendants. Some years later, owing to changes in
circumstances, the Plaintiffs decided not to undertake the entire project.
Further negotiations for a revised development scheme where the Plaintiffs
would only lease the cineplex started in March 1999. Negotiations between the
parties came to an end with the sale of the 1st Defendants’ interest in
Parkway Parade in February 2000. In the end, no lease was signed.

3\. In this action, the Plaintiffs are claiming repayment of various sums of
money totalling $1,846,900 as money had and received by the Defendants to the
Plaintiffs’ use. The Defendants are resisting the claim primarily on the
ground that the money was part of the Plaintiffs’ share of non-refundable
differential premium paid to the Land Office for permission to develop the
proposed cineplex. The 1st Defendants assert that, on the contrary, it is the
Plaintiffs who owed them money. The 1st Defendants have filed a cross-claim in
this action for either $1,618,100 or $1,200,000 being the balance of the
Plaintiffs’ share of agreed contribution towards differential premium ("DP").

_**

The Parties

**_

4\. The 1st Plaintiffs, United Artists Singapore Theatres Pte Ltd ("UAST"),
are a company incorporated in Singapore. At all material times, UAST managed
and/or operated some cinemas in Singapore.

5\. The 2nd Plaintiffs, Pacific Media PLC ("Pacific Media"), are a public
listed company incorporated in the United Kingdom and are in the media
business. The 1st Plaintiffs are a joint venture company of the 2nd Plaintiffs
and United Artists Theatre Circuit Ltd ("United Artists"). Both corporations
exercise joint management of the 1st Plaintiffs. However, in late 1998 or
thereabouts, Pacific Media bought United Artists’ stake in UAST and
consequently acquired full control of the 1st Plaintiffs. That explains the
change in the team involved in the negotiations from Tom Elliot of United
Artists in Denver, Colorado to Michael Buckley of Pacific Media in London.

6\. The 1st Defendants, Parkway Properties Pte Ltd ("PPPL"), are a company
incorporated in Singapore and is a wholly owned subsidiary of Parkway Holdings
Limited ("PHL"). Until February 2000, PPPL owned 76% of the strata lots in
Parkway Parade.

7\. The 2nd Defendants, Management Corporation Strata Title Plan no. 1008
("MCST"), are the management corporation incorporated for Parkway Parade and
is constituted under the Land Titles (Strata) Act.

8\. PPPL and PHL were the owners of Parkway Parade until it was sold in
February 2000. Tan Kai Seng ("Tan") is a director of the 1st Defendants and
PHL. Tan’s involvement with the cineplex project started about 1997. At all
material times, he was also chairman of MCST.

9\. At all material times, Soh Seok Yian ("Elizabeth") was the Group Property
Manager of the 1st Defendants. She was also the executive director of
Development Planning & Management Pte Ltd ("DPM") and she was involved in the
cineplex project throughout. Until the sale of Parkway Parade, DPM, a
subsidiary company of the 1st Defendants, was the managing agent of MCST.

10\. On the side of the Plaintiffs, the dramatis personae were Tom Elliot of
United Artists and Michael Buckley of Pacific Media. Gary Quick became
involved in the cineplex project from about February 1998\. Gary Quick was the
only witness for the Plaintiffs.

11\. For present purposes, I will refer to the Defendants, DPM and PHL
collectively as "Parkway", only distinguishing between them where necessary to
draw a distinction as between the status, rights and obligations of the
companies. It is apparent that in their dealings, the parties made no
distinction between DPM, MCST, PPPL and PHL.

_**

The Witnesses

**_

12\. The negotiations over the period of seven years were well documented. The
written testimony of Gary Quick and of Elizabeth with whom Tan adopted as his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief provide a chronological account of events
reconstructed with the aid of contemporaneous documents in the case.

13\. Tan and Elizabeth did not have a good recollection of events than they
actually had. Gary Quick was a shade better. It is understandable, especially
when their evidence is given years after the event. On matters outside of what
had been recorded in the contemporaneous documents, I am unable to regard any
of the three witnesses as reliable historians.

14\. The parties here have documented the progress and outcome of their
negotiations. The issue whether they have entered into a binding contract at
law, and if so on what terms, is primarily to be resolved by construing,
objectively, the documents in their factual setting. The intentions of the
individuals participating and their beliefs then or later, as to the effect of
the documents are irrelevant except to the limited extent to which such
matters form part of the factual setting. See _Harmony Shipping Co. S.A. v
Saudi –Europe Line Ltd_ [ 1981] 1 Lloyd’s Rep. 337 at 414.

15\. Therefore, the testimonies of the witnesses on matters of individual
intention and belief are, unless they are properly material to the factual
setting, excluded from my review of the evidence in coming to a decision on
whether there was:

(i) a concluded and binding agreement between the parties under either the
original or revised plan and/or;

(ii) a concluded and binding free-standing agreement between the parties in
respect of a contribution from the Plaintiffs towards the payment of DP to the
Land Office.

**_

The Dispute

_

(1) The Plaintiffs’ case

**

16\. The Plaintiffs’ case for money had or received is pleaded on various
alternative bases. They are: (i) total failure of consideration; (ii) mistake
of fact; (iii) recovery of monies paid/deposits/advances made in the course of
negotiations for a contract which never materialised; (iv) recovery of
monies/advances made in connection with a contract wholly executory on the
Defendants’ part or which had been terminated.

17\. Alternatively, the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case is that, if there is a
finding that there existed a binding agreement between the parties prior to
the sale of Parkway Parade, the Defendants are liable for damages in the sum
of $1,846,900 in that they had breached this agreement by not ensuring that
the new owners continue with the cineplex project with the Plaintiffs.

18\. In respect of a payment in the sum of $346,900 made on 14 January 1999,
the Plaintiffs’ pleaded case, as an alternative to a claim for restitution, is
based on the Defendants’ alleged agreement to refund the money.

**

(2) The Defendants’ case

**

19\. The Defendants say that the total sum of $1,846,900 was the Plaintiffs’
partial payment of their share of agreed contribution towards DP. They were
paid to PPPL to on-pay to the Land Office or to reimburse PPPL for payments
made on the Plaintiffs’ behalf to the Land Office. The Plaintiffs are
therefore not entitled to claim the money back as money had and received. The
payments were not advances or deposits paid in the course of negotiations for
a lease of the cineplex. There was no total failure of consideration or
operative mistake of fact.

20\. In any event, no restitution is permissible at law, as the Defendants had
changed their position in that the money was paid to the Land Office and is
not refundable.

21\. Further, the refund of the sum of $346,900 was superseded by the
Plaintiffs’ offer of 4 August 1999 to utilise this money as part payment of DP
which offer was accepted by the Defendants on 6 August 1999.

22\. The 1st Defendants alleged that as the Plaintiffs had agreed to
contribute either $3,465,000 or $3,046,900 towards DP, the Plaintiffs still
owed them the sum of $1,618,100 or alternatively $1,200,000 being DP paid by
the 1st Defendants at the Plaintiffs’ request and on their behalf. The 1st
Defendants accordingly counterclaim against the Plaintiffs.

23\. The 1st Defendants further pleaded that if the court finds that there was
a binding contract to lease the cineplex, they counterclaim the sum of
$7,442,857 as damages.

**_

Contract Claim

_

(1) Is there a binding agreement under either the original plan or revised
plan for a straight lease?

**

24\. Although raised in pleadings by both sides, it was not seriously argued
that there was a concluded contract under either the original or revised plan.

25\. In fact, on 2 May 2000, lawyers acting for PPPL in the sale of Parkway
Parade to Lend Lease took the position that there was no concluded contract
between the parties and they told the lawyers of Lend Lease so.

26\. In respect of both arrangements, the documentation showed that the
negotiations between the parties were "subject to contract". I will first deal
with the various exchanges of correspondence pertaining to the original plan
on this topic.

**

(i) Original Plan - Construction of shell structure, fit-out and lease
arrangement

**

27\. In the early 1990s, Parkway had envisaged a multiplex cinema in Parkway
Parade. This project would involve demolishing the play deck and construction
of a cinema structure from the car park below. In those days, Parkway was in
discussions with Golden Village Entertainment (S) Pte Ltd for the purchase of
the common property at the top level of the Shopping Centre Podium Block and
for the construction and operation of a multiplex cinema. The idea back then
in 1993 was for PPPL to enter into a joint venture with Golden Village Katong
Pte Ltd. In the end, negotiations came to naught.

28\. In 1994, United Artists came on the scene. It expressed interest to
construct and operate a cinema at Parkway Parade.

29\. The site of the development was to be on common property owned by MCST.
Both PPPL and MSCT were interested in turning the proposed site into an
entertainment centre for Parkway Parade. For PPPL, it would be a significant
attraction to draw repeat visitors to Parkway Parade and improve human traffic
flow throughout the shopping centre thereby enhancing the value of the
property. MCST’s interest is that it would enjoy higher rental income for
space that was not being optimally used.

30\. As owner of Parkway Parade, the project was very much led and driven by
PPPL. PPPL’s participation was important to the Plaintiffs. Under the Land
Titles Act, a special resolution of 75% majority in general meeting must be
passed to approve improvements to the common area. Together with an associated
company, PPPL had a 78.9% majority, thus ensuring support for the project. In
that sense, Tan accepted that PPPL at all material times had effective control
of MCST (NE 536/539).

31\. Negotiations began as long ago as August 1994. Up to early 1999, the
arrangement envisaged was for the Plaintiffs to take on the role of developer
of the cineplex, design, manage and operate the cineplex ("original plan").
The scheme involved the execution of a Conditional Agreement dealing with the
construction of the main structure of the cineplex and execution of a Lease
Agreement. The prospective contracting parties were UAST and MCST.

32\. In November 1995, Jones Lang Wootton put together the outcome of initial
discussions in a document entitled "Principal Heads of Terms". It was
forwarded on 15 November 1995 to Parkway for approval and the lawyers to
prepare the legal documentation. On the top right corner of the document are
the words "Subject to Contract and Management Corporation Approval". This
Principal Heads of Terms, under Jones Lang Wootton’s letterhead, was unsigned.

33\. Sometime thereafter, Chor Pee & Partners ("CPP") representing MCST
drafted two documents: Conditional Agreement and Lease Agreement. The first
drafts of the Conditional Agreement and Lease Agreement were dated 4 December
1995. After some discussions between United Artists and Parkway, the revised
drafts dated 30 January 1996 were forwarded to Tom Elliot on 31 January 1996.
Later, a Corporate Guarantee was required. It would appear that in April 1996,
a draft Corporate Guarantee was sent to United Artists for comments.

34\. Gerald Crewe, Corporate Counsel of United Artists, wrote to Parkway on 4
October 1996 for a soft copy of the drafts. Parkway attended to the request
and in the covering letter dated 7 October 1996, Parkway told United Artists
to take note that "the draft Conditional Agreement and Lease and our draft
Corporate Guarantee are Private & Confidential and are Strictly Subject to
Contract".

35\. The original plan was unique in that the cinema operator rather than the
landlord would fork out substantial funds to develop the shell structure, fit
out and operate the cineplex.

36\. There were many unresolved differences between the parties. As an
illustration, on 13 December 1996, United Artists informed Parkway and CPP
that they have a great number of problems with the third revised drafts of 18
October 1996 and feared an impasse because of very fundamental differences.

37\. Between December 1995 and June 1998, no fewer that ten drafts of the
Conditional Agreement and Lease Agreement were prepared. They reflected the
on-going negotiations that over the years had proceeded somewhat languidly due
to setbacks or events that had cropped up at different stages and times.

38\. The first in the series of events concerned the unsuccessful planning
application for the cineplex. There was nearly a nine-month interval between
the second and third drafts.

39\. On 6 February 1996, URA refused the initial planning application for the
cineplex. A fresh application was submitted in April 1996. On 24 May 1996, the
application was again rejected. An appeal was lodged in June 1996. A re-
submission of the planning application was made on 16 August 1996\.
Provisional permission was finally given on 15 November 1996. All in all
planning approval took over nine months to attain.

40\. At the end of February 1996, United Artists expressed concern that having
spent a lot of money on design and redesigning for the cinema, approval of
MCST had till then not been given. On 1 March 1996, Jones Lang Wootton
informed United Artists that Parkway have obtained in principle approval of
Management Council of MCST. But, the matter was not brought to the General
Meeting as the amount of the development charge was at that time unknown.
Management Council wanted to be first apprised of MCST’s "potential
liabilities i.e. the development charge levy".

41\. The parties only knew for sure in November 1996 that DP rather than
development charge was payable. Another setback to the conclusion of the deal
concerned the amount of DP assessed by the Land Office.

42\. Until then the discussions were premised on a desktop assessment of $10m
with United Artists contributing $3.465m. PPPL would support the cineplex with
a contribution of up to a ceiling of $5m. Should DP exceed $8.640m, the idea
then was to ask the prospective landlord, MCST, to contribute up to a sum of
$1.535m (AB 446). In the overall scheme of things, a corporate guarantee was
required to secure the performance and compliance of UAST during the period of
construction should MCST be required to contribute to the payment of DP.

43\. By way of explanation, the DP amount initially assessed by the Land
Office on 6 March 1997 was $17.644m excluding GST. Repeated appeals were
lodged for a review and reassessment.

44\. Unless the amount of DP was reduced, the project would not be viable. The
Plaintiffs were not disposed to discuss the drafts until the issue of DP was
resolved. For this reason, negotiations on the many outstanding issues between
CPP and Arthur Loke & Partners ("ALP"), representing the Defendants stopped in
May 1997.

45\. The appeal and re-appeal process were protracted and it was only after
many months of representations that on 26 January 1998, the Land Office
reassessed the amount of DP payable at $8.469m without GST.

46\. After the Land Office’s decision, the matter was revived with CPP sending
revised drafts of the documents dated 19 February 1998 to ALP under cover of a
letter of the same date.

47\. The decision of the Land Office was announced at a time when United
Artists itself was undergoing corporate changes. It coincided with a merger of
United Artist with two other US cinema operators and a Dallas corporation
acquiring United Artists as well Pacific Media’s decision to increase its
equity holding in UAST.

48\. Despite Defendants’ overtures for a commitment to the project, Pacific
Media, who eventually took over United Artists’ shares in UAST, was in no
position to respond until the corporate exercise was finalised and funding for
the cineplex project approved and secured.

**

(ii) Revised Plan- straight lease arrangement

**

49\. The ownership change of UAST coincided with the Asian currency crisis in
1997/1998. In early 1999, Pacific Media inquired of Parkway to help finance
the building of the cineplex. Pacific Media raised with Parkway the
possibility of finding a contractor to build and finance the shell structure.

50\. Owing to Pacific Media’s financial constraints, the parties in March 1999
discussed and explored the possibility of PPPL or its nominee, MCST, taking
over the development of the shell structure leaving the Plaintiffs responsible
for the fitting out works and operation of the cineplex under a lease (" the
revised plan").

51\. On 5 May 1999, the Plaintiffs were informed that its _"offer [based on
revised plan] for the operation of the proposed multiplex will be considered a
new undertaking - which is subject to contract, and to further negotiations."_
[emphasis added]

52\. It was only after the application for planning approval was transferred
to MCST that Parkway in June 1999 started to show some interest in the
Plaintiffs’ proposals for a straight lease arrangement forwarded in March and
May 1999.

53\. On 21 June 1999, Parkway advised the Plaintiffs in a letter marked
"Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract" that their offer to lease and
operate the proposed cineplex was being reviewed by Management Council. Again
on 6 August 1999, Parkway’s letter, which sought to accept the Plaintiffs’
rental package, was marked "Subject to Contract".

54\. The Plaintiffs themselves also made use of the same expression "subject
to contract" in correspondence. (see AB 1271).

> > > > > > > > > > > > > > 55\. On this revised plan, there were three
> working draft leases. The first working draft lease was dated 16 September
> 1999 followed by a second working draft on 25 November and the third dated 2
> December 1999. The intended lease of the cineplex, which was to be executed
> between the 1st Plaintiffs and the 2nd Defendants, was never signed.

56\. In February 2000, the 1st Defendants sold their interest in Parkway
Parade. The Plaintiffs were told of the sale in March 2000. With the sale, all
negotiations between the Plaintiffs and Parkway on the intended lease
effectively ceased. In July 2000, the Plaintiffs indicated to the new owners
their decision to withdraw from the cineplex project.

57\. It is well settled that the phrase "subject to contract" makes it clear
that the intention of the parties is that neither of them is to be
contractually bound until a contract is signed. The negotiations remain
subject to and dependent upon the preparation of a formal contract. Either
party may withdraw from the negotiations before a final agreement has been
concluded: _Winn v Bull (1887) 7 Ch 29 at 32;_ _Spottiswoode, Ballantyne & Co
Ltd v Doreen Appliances Ltd_ [1942] 2 KB 32 at 35; _Chillingworth v
Esche_[1924] 1 Ch 97 at p 109 & 114; _Derby & Co Limited v ITC Pensions Trust
Limited_ [1977] 2 AER 890 at 896.

58\. Elizabeth (DW1) was asked for her understanding of the phrase "subject to
contract". She said: "..we usually use that [phrase] when negotiating terms
with parties we deal with." She agreed that ordinarily "subject to contract"
means parties have to enter in a written contract before terms are binding. To
her understanding, the expression "subject to contract " used in
correspondence means the " contract has not been signed [yet]." She was
similarly aware that parties were entitled to cease negotiations and walk
away. Further, she was advised by CPP and in-house counsel to mark her letter
of 21 June 1999 "subject to contract". She confirmed that her lawyers would
have vetted her letter of 6 August 1999. Hence the suggestion that the letter
was marked "subject to contract" on legal advice.

59\. Tan (DW3) also was familiar with and knew what the phrase "subject to
contract" meant.

60\. Gary Quick (PW1) was aware and accepted that further discussions or
negotiations with Parkway under the revised plan was "subject to contract".

61\. It is clear from the relevant documents that the parties negotiated
throughout on a "subject to contract" basis so much so that until both parties
executed a written contract, no binding agreement could subsist. The
communications between the parties are consistent and reinforce the view that
each side recognised that no binding contract was in existence. The solicitors
were working on the drafts of the formal contract or lease that were never
finalised and executed. This process started in 1995 under the original plan
and then the revised plan and continued right through to February 2000 with no
fewer than thirteen drafts being produced.

62\. Given the history of this case, nature and importance of the transaction,
which was by no means insignificant in terms of magnitude, complexity and
cost, it is less likely that the parties would have wanted to bind themselves
on 6 August 1999. In my view, the 6 August letter, which was deliberately made
"subject to contract", was nothing more than a conditional acceptance of the
Plaintiffs’ overall rental package of 4 August 1999. The conditional
acceptance would result in a contract when a formal lease was signed. Until
then, either party was entitled to walk away from the negotiations.

63\. I therefore find that no form of a binding agreement under either the
original plan or revised plan to fit out and operate the cineplex under a
lease was ever concluded. I am satisfied that the parties deliberately left
matters not just for future discussions but also for future agreement.

**

(2) Is there an agreement to pay differential premium and, if so, the amount
of the Plaintiffs’ share of differential premium

**

64\. On this issue, the Defendants’ pleaded case is that there was an alleged
agreement between the parties that out of the $8,469,000 non-refundable DP
payable to the Land Office, the 1st Defendants was to contribute $5m and the
2nd Plaintiffs was to contribute $3,465,000 or alternatively $3,046,900. It is
also the Defendants’ pleaded case that the agreement was reached either in
January 1996 or January 1999.

65\. An analysis of the events set out below under the heading "The Four
Payments" and evidence as to the parties’ conduct of negotiations after the 6
August 1999 all confirm that there was no concluded and enforceable free-
standing agreement between the parties for the Plaintiffs to contribute
towards DP in the sum of $3,465,000 or $3,046,900.

66\. As I have stated, the most I can extract from the evidence is that as of
6 August 1999, there was a conditional acceptance by the Defendants of the
Plaintiffs’ offer of 4 August 1999 to pay DP of $3,046,900 if a lease
agreement was entered into between the UAST and MCST.

67\. Negotiations made progress since 6 August 1999, but the parties
nevertheless remained in a state of negotiations conducted subject to
contract. The actions of the parties’ solicitors in working on the drafts of
the proposed lease, the correspondence and communications between them, and
also between the parties, were clearly more consistent with the parties on
each side recognising no binding contract was in existence until execution of
the lease.

68\. On the evidence, I find that there was no separate binding contract
between the Plaintiffs and Defendants to pay non-refundable DP in the sum of
$3,465,000 or $3,046,900.

_**

Claim in Restitution - Money Had and Received

**_

69\. Although various alternative bases of the claim in restitution were
pleaded by the Defendants, the real issue in this case comes down to simply
this: What was the intention and purpose behind the four payments in question
as between the Plaintiffs and Defendants and upon what terms were the four
payments made?

70\. The various payments totalling $1,846,900.00 were made in 1999 at a time
when the parties were in a state of negotiations made subject to contract.
Generally, payments effected conditional upon a contract being granted or
monies paid during negotiations for a contract that never materialised are
dealt with by reference to the law concerning pre-contract deposits.

**

(1) The Law

**

71\. A pre-contract deposit is prima facie recoverable if the prospective
contract in connection with which the payment is made does not come into
existence: _Halsbury’s Law of England_ Vol 9(1) (4th Ed Reissue) 1134;
_Chillingworth v Esche_ [1924] 1 Ch 97;_Masters & Anor v Cameron_ [1954] 91
CLR 353.

72\. It is generally appropriate to describe a payment before contract as a
"deposit". However, it is important to note the different legal effect of a
pre-contract deposit and a deposit paid upon or after entry into a binding
contract.

73\. The difference between a pre-contract deposit and a deposit paid upon or
after the conclusion of a contract (referred to as a ‘contract deposit’) was
explained by Pennycuick V.C. in _Potters v Loppert_ [1973] Ch 399.

> "I turn now to the law in relation to pre-contract deposits…Unless and until
> a contract is concluded, the prospective purchaser can require the return of
> the deposit at any time, and upon conclusion of the contract, the deposit
> assumes the position of an ordinary contract deposit." (p. 413)

74\. On contract deposit he added:

> " ..a [contract] deposit serves the dual purpose of an earnest to bind the
> bargain and as part payment of the purchase price. The deposit is frequently
> paid to some person - usually the estate agent or a solicitor employed by
> the vendor as a stakeholder. Broadly, it is the duty of the stakeholder to
> deal with the deposit according to the event" (p. 405).

75\. Since _Howe v Smith_ [1881] 27 Ch 89, the nature of a contract deposit
(as opposed to a pre-contract deposit) is settled in English law. At p 101,
Fry LJ said:

> "Money paid as a deposit must, I conceive be paid on some terms implied or
> expressed. In this case no terms are expressed, and we must therefore
> inquire what terms are to be implied… The terms most naturally to be implied
> appear to me in the case of _money paid on the signing of a contract_ to be
> that in the event of the contract being performed it shall be brought into
> account, but if the contract is not performed by the payer it shall remain
> the property of the payee. It is not merely a part payment, but it is then
> also an earnest to bind the bargain so entered into, and creates by the fear
> of its forfeiture a motive in the payer to perform the rest of the
> contract."

> ….

> ".. [T]he earnest is lost by the party who fails to perform the contract.
> That earnest and part payment are two distinct things… They are separate
> acts. .. The deposit in the present case is the earnest or _arrha_ of our
> earlier writers; that the expression used in the present contract that the
> money is paid "as a deposit and in part payment of the purchase-money"
> relates to the two alternatives, and declares that in the event of the
> purchaser making default the money is to be forfeited and that in the event
> of the purchase being completed the sum is to be taken in part payment."

> [emphasis added]

76\. As to whether a payee is entitled to retain a pre-contract payment
depends in each case upon the construction of the document or correspondence
under which that payment is made. The onus is on the payee to displace the
prima facie rule and to show a right to retain the pre-contract payment.

77\. So, unless the prima facie rule is displaced, a pre-contract payment
would in law be made on terms which required that if a formal contract is
executed, the money is to be applied and treated as a contract deposit and a
part payment on the transaction so contracted for, and if there is no executed
contract, the money should be returned to the payer.

78\. The Plaintiffs have referred me to _Chillingworth v Esche_ which the
Defendants have dismissed as not relevant. I disagree with the Defendants. In
_Chillingworth v Esche_ , the prospective purchaser paid some money as deposit
and in part payment of the purchase price for a transaction for the sale of
land, which was "subject to a proper contract to be prepared by the vendor’s
solicitors". The prospective purchaser subsequently refused to proceed with
the transaction and claimed the return of the deposit. The question that had
to be asked [as in the present case] was whether on the evidence (which was
entirely documentary) the deposit was intended to pass irrevocably to the
vendor if the purchaser did not enter into the transaction (per Pollock MR at
p 108 and per Warrington LJ at p 111). The Court of Appeal held that on the
evidence it was not so intended. The prima facie rule was not displaced and
the Court of Appeal gave judgment in the prospective purchaser’s favour for
the return of the deposit.

79\. Mr. Micklem for the prospective vendor argued that the money was paid by
way of guarantee that the purchaser will not break off negotiations for reason
other than default of the vendor. It was argued that even though the
purchasers were entitled to determine the negotiations, the deposit would
nevertheless be forfeited. Mr. Luxmoore for the prospective purchaser
contended that the deposit was paid in anticipation of a binding contract.

80\. Pollock MR agreed with Counsel for the prospective purchaser that money
paid on deposit is prima facie recoverable on the ground that there never was
a contract. He said:

> "…It is.... no part of the business of this Court to concern itself with the
> question why the negotiations [subject to contract] in this case came to an
> end and whether any one is to blame in the matter, but the duty of the Court
> is to note that as no contract was entered into the deposit would prima
> facie be returnable. What ground is there then for saying that the
> purchasers who were entitled to break off negotiations have thereby lost the
> deposit? That they were entitled not to complete the purchase seems clear,
> and I do not accept the view that the purchasers were paying the deposit as
> a guarantee or earnest of good faith that they would complete the purchase
> [by entering into a formal contract], because they could have revoked what
> had up to that time been agreed upon at any moment. It seems to me that when
> once the negotiations came to an end the rights of the parties were gone,
> and the purchasers were entitled to receive their money back. " (p. 106)

81\. Pollock MR continued:

> "…In all the circumstances of this case, I think the deposit is recoverable
> by the purchasers. There was no provision made in the documents which would
> justify the vendor in declining to return it; though if he had, by
> appropriate words, made provision for that in the document, such a provision
> could have been upheld." (p. 108)

82\. Warrington LJ, noting that the document was "subject to a proper contract
to be prepared by the vendor’s solicitors" observed:

> "…But where, as here, there is no binding contract, where the whole matter
> is left indefinite, it seems impossible to say that the purchasers pay the
> deposit as a guarantee to carry out the bargain, when by the document they
> have entered into they have not bound themselves to carry out any bargain.
> …. The purchaser has not bound himself, but in order to show a definite
> intention he is willing to part with money, and run the risk of the vendor
> spending the money and being unable to return it if negotiations are broken
> off. The purchasers contend that this is a deposit paid in anticipation of a
> final contract and nothing more. That seems to be the true view." (p. 112)
>
> " ..I look on the whole payment as being sufficiently explained as being an
> anticipatory payment intended only to fulfil the ordinary purpose of a
> deposit if and when the contemplated agreement should be arrived at." (p.
> 115).

83\. In such a situation, the payee has no title to the pre-contract payment:
_Masters v Cameron_ at p364. Neither can he claim it as a gift. Walker LJ in
_Guinness Mahon & Co Ltd v Kensington LBC_ [1998] 3WLR 829 said:

> " Where a supposed contract is void ab initio, or an expected contract is
> never concluded, as in _Chillingworth v Esche_ , no enforceable obligation
> is ever created…. An advance payment made in such circumstances is not a
> gift and is not to be treated as a gift. " (p. 850)

84\. On the question of "consideration", Walker LJ pointed out three possible
meanings:

> "In English law the expression "consideration" has at least three possible
> meanings. Its primary meaning is the "advantage conferred or detriment
> suffered" (_Midland Bank Trust Co Ltd v Green_ [1981] AC 513, 531) which is
> necessary to turn a promise not under seal into a binding contract. In the
> context of failure of consideration, however, it is, in the very well known
> words of Viscount Simon LC in _Fibrosa Spolka Ackyjna v Fairbairn Lawson
> Comber Barbour Ltd_ [1943] AC 32 , 48 :"generally speaking, not the promise
> which is referred to as the consideration, but the performance of the
> promise." Then there is the older and looser , …usage of "consideration" as
> equivalent to the Roman law "causa" reflected in the traditional
> conveyancing expression , "in consideration of natural love and affection…"
> (p.847)

85\. In the context of a "total failure of consideration" where the contract
never materialises, the pre-contract payment is recoverable as the
consideration for that payment has failed. See Birks _Introduction to the Law
of Restitution_ (1985) ( pp 223-224) quoted with approval by Walker LJ in
_Gribbon v Lutton_ [2002] 2 WLR 842 at pp 858-859; Goff & Jones: _The Law of
Restitution (5 th ed )_ pp 43 & 665.

**

(2) The Four Payments

**

86\. The Plaintiffs made four separate payments to the Defendants in 1999. On
each occasion, the individual payments were remitted to PPPL. The dates and
amounts of the respective payments are:

> > > > > S$

1\. 14 January 1999 346,900

2\. 30 July 1999 600,000

3\. 9 September 1999 450,000

4\. 15 December 1999 450,000

> > > > \--------------

> Total S$1,846,900
>

>> > > \--------------

87\. The payments were made in the course of negotiations which had been
conducted "subject to contract". The documented evidence before me set the
matrix for all four payments for the proposed lease under the revised plan.
They spelled out the purpose and character of the payments and the proposed
use in future of the payments. It is proper to look beyond payment
instructions sent to Pacific Media’s bankers and to examine the surrounding
circumstances, oral evidence and contemporaneous documents and correspondence
to consider the purpose, intent and nature of the payments. See _Guardian
Ocean Cargoes Ltd & Others v Banco Do Brasil S.A._ [1991] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 68.

88\. I begin with a chronological account of the events leading to the last
three payments. I will deal with the first payment later.

_**

January to March 1999

**_

89\. This period was the beginning of the change over from the original plan
to the revised plan.

90\. On 14 March 1999, UAST proposed a "straight lease deal". In this
proposal, Parkway would bear the DP amount and the costs of demolition,
construction of shell structure and interior walls built to the specification
of the Plaintiffs. UAST would pay a base rent fixed at $3.75 psf or 18% of
admission revenue, whichever was the higher.

91\. On 15 March 1999, UAST sent a similar proposal with slight adjustments to
occupancy and the recalculations showed that MCST would start earning
additional rental at a 26.65% occupancy rate.

92\. On 23 March 1999, the Plaintiffs proposed depositing a sum of $1m with
the Defendants over the period of the building works to demonstrate their
commitment to their part of the project, which sum was to be released to the
Plaintiffs once they had completed their fitting out works and opened the
cinema. The $1m would be released to the Defendants in the event the
Plaintiffs were not able to finish their part of the project due to problems
with financing. (AB 1172).

93\. The proposals were rejected and the Plaintiffs were told on 26 March 1999
to hand over the project to Parkway. At the same time, Parkway acknowledged
the Plaintiffs’ inability to proceed under the original plan.

94\. At this stage, Parkway was in talks with Cathay as an alternative
operator and had written to Cathay on 1 March 1999 that PPPL would support the
proposal to MCST for Cathay to be cinema operator of the cineplex.

95\. The Plaintiffs were rather confused by Parkway’s letter of 26 March 1999
which coincided with a subsequent call from someone in Parkway’s office who
had wanted clarification on the rent proposal. In the result, Pacific Media
asked Parkway on the same date to

> "..confirm that you are still happy to entertain entering into a lease
> arrangement with us under which we fit the cinema rather than construct the
> shell…Obviously we would be happy to facilitate a hand-over of the shell
> construction part of the project to you as soon as you would like."

96\. On 27 March 1999, Parkway told UAST:

> " If Michael is REALLY REALISTIC & CONFIDENT of the sale of his investment
> and willing to promise and do the necessary to commit in a REAL way, maybe
> he and you can reconsider your lease proposal. My personal sentiments are
> that – in view of the change in the proposal it will take a substantial move
> on Michael’s part to persuade the Council and general body." (AB 1186)

97\. Two days later, Pacific Media replied:

> "…I can assure you once again that we would like to complete and operate the
> cinema for you. Gary will be sending you a proposal tomorrow with a revision
> of the rental which we believe is fair to both parties. This will be a base
> rent against a percentage of net admission revenue which will provide you
> with an increased income stream dependent upon the success of the cinema.
> Gary has prepared these figures in the knowledge that I am revising our
> _overall proposal to include a payment to yourselves_ to cover in excess of
> S$3 million (sic) of the premium payable to the Land Office.

> _
>
> We would be prepared to contribute the sum of S$450,000 towards the six
> quarterly instalments set out in the instalment scheme from the Land Office
>
> _ , the first one being due on 9th September 1999. These six instalments
> would amount to S$2.7 million which would make out total contribution a
> little over S$3 million given that we have already sent approximately
> S$350,000 to you…." (AB 1187)

> [emphasis added]

98\. The amount of DP proposed was less than the figure of $3,465,000 under
the original plan and it omitted reference to interest. It is telling that the
Defendants at no time protested or objected to a reduced DP contribution. They
never sought to remind the Plaintiffs of an alleged agreement whereby the
Plaintiffs were obligated to contribute DP in the sum of $3,465,000.

99\. On 30 March 1999, the Plaintiffs revised their last rental proposal so as
to include $3,046,900 for DP. The DP proposal was expressly stated to be based
on Michael Buckley’s letter dated 29 March 1999 attached to Gary Quick’s fax.
This $3,046,900 included the earlier payment of $346,900 plus six quarterly
instalments of $450,000 each, the first instalment commencing 9 September
1999. (AB 1189).

100\. With DP included in the overall package, the base rent was reduced to
$2.75 psf versus 15% of net admissions revenue, whichever was higher.

101\. On the same day, Parkway replied to the Plaintiffs. Parkway complained
that it was not an improvement over the earlier proposal of $3.75 psf. (AB
1191).

102\. Further to that, revised rental proposals from the Plaintiffs were sent
to Parkway on 31 March 1999. This time the base rent was increased to $3.25
psf versus 16% of net admissions revenue, whichever was the higher. Again it
was expressly stated that the base rent proposal was based "..on United
Artists making total payments towards the premium of S$3,046,900 [per
Michael’s proposal]".

103\. Up to this stage, it is clear the Defendants had accepted and recognised
that there was no binding agreement on the Plaintiffs to pay DP. It is
significant that at no time prior to this or for that matter even after the
Plaintiffs demanded repayment of $1,846,900 did the Defendants raised the
existence of a concluded agreement to pay DP in the sum of either $3,465,000
or $3,046,900. At no time was there ever a request for payment of the unpaid
balance DP. It was only raised, as confirmed by Counsel for the Defendants,
for the first time in the Counterclaim. These objective and cogent indications
speak for themselves. The written statements in correspondence suggest that
the Defendants never believed that a contract binding on the Plaintiffs to pay
DP ever existed.

_**

Transfer of application of the project to MCST (April –May 1999)

**_

104\. As April 1999 commenced, Parkway concentrated on the expeditious
substitution of MCST in place of UAST as the named applicant of the cineplex.

105\. The second 10% of DP was due on 9 April 1999. On 8 April 1999, Parkway
paid the second deposit of 10% in the sum of $906,331.50 inclusive of GST and
late interest payment. In their covering letter, Parkway told the Land Office
that they would be writing to notify them of an alternative cinema operator.
Parkway at the same time sought the Land Office’s support to allow a change of
applicant’s name.

106\. Notably, Parkway did not ask the Plaintiff for their share of the DP nor
did they inform them of their intention to make payment to the Land Office.
That is yet another indication that no agreement binding on the Plaintiffs to
pay DP existed. At this material date, the Plaintiffs have yet to transfer the
approval to PPPL or its nominees.

107\. As at 30 April 1999, the Plaintiffs had offered $3,046,900 towards DP as
part of the overall rental package for the straight lease arrangement. Parkway
all but ignored the offer preferring to concentrate on securing a switch in
the named applicant of the cineplex. URA had advised that since written
permission was still valid, a change of applicant’s name would not be an
issue.

108\. On 5 May 1999, MCST confirmed its willingness to consider undertaking
the responsibility of being the developer "subject to terms to be agreed with
UAST for the transfer of responsibility as ‘developer’ for the project". (AB
1221). The terms of the transfer of responsibilities are set out in CPP’s
letter dated 20 May 1999. See AB 1237

109\. MCST also considered the _"proposed agreements for UAST to undertake the
demolition, development and operation of the 7-screen cineplex at Parkway
Parade to be null and void"_. UAST was told that their ".._offer for the
operation of the proposed multiplex will be considered a new undertaking-which
is subject to contract, and to further negotiations."_

> > [emphasis added] __

110\. On 7 May 1999, MCST requested UAST to put forward their "last best
offer." UAST responded two days later and they essentially put forward the
same 31 March 1999 proposal. (AB 1226).

111\. On 13 May 1999, UAST again confirmed to MCST that they would no longer
be able to continue as the developer of the cinema project. They confirmed
their agreement to MCST undertaking the responsibility as developer. Gary
Quick stated:

> "I sincerely regret the inconvenience caused and wish to reconfirm our
> commitment and continued interest in negotiating a new contract to fit-out
> and operate the cinema. We are ready willing and able to proceed
> immediately." (AB 1231)

112\. Following from that letter, the Plaintiffs on 19 May 1999 wrote to the
Chief Planner, URA, and the consultants namely the architects, quantity
surveyors and structural engineers and informed them that MCST would take over
the project as developer effective from 19 May 1999.

113\. The terms of the transfer came on 20 May 1999. CPP wrote to ALP on 20
May 1999 (AB 1237):

> "..We are further instructed that your clients have no objections to our
> clients taking over the development of the proposed cineplex. In this
> regard, please be informed that our clients are prepared to take over the
> development of the proposed cineplex on the following terms and conditions:-

> 1\. your clients shall be responsible for the discharge of all the existing
> architects and other professional consultants two (2) weeks from the date of
> this letter and shall bear the fees of such architects and other consultants
> up to the said date of discharge. Your clients shall, at our clients’
> request, furnish to our clients and/or nominees all the necessary letters of
> discharge of such architects and other professional consultants within the
> said one-month period; and
>
> 2\. your clients shall, as and when requested by our clients, sign all
> required assignments, notices and documents and do all that is necessary and
> expedient for the transfer to our clients and/or nominees of all your
> clients’ rights in respect of all applications, plans, submissions and
> approvals in respect of the development of the proposed cineplex within the
> said two-week period; and
>
> 3\. after the satisfactory taking over of the development of the proposed
> cineplex by our clients and/or nominees within the said two-week period,
> Parkway Properties Pte Ltd will refund to your clients (without interest)
> the sum of $346,900 which was paid by your clients _towards_ the
> Differential Premium; and
>
> 4\. subject to all of the above, each party shall not require from the other
> any reimbursement of costs and expenses (including but not limited to
> administrative costs, legal costs, costs of appeal, submission fees and
> processing fees) which were incurred by that party in respect of the
> proposed agreements and/or the development of the proposed cineplex and _the
> matter shall be treated as null and void and neither party shall have any
> claims against the other in respect thereof._
>
> Please let us have your confirmation on the foregoing on an urgent basis…"

> > [emphasis added]

114\. Here in this letter, the refund of $346,900 was looked upon as payment
_towards_ DP rather than a reimbursement of DP to Parkway. The matter was also
expressly treated as null and void and neither party shall have any claims
against the other in respect thereof.

115\. On 21 May 1999, PPPL wrote separately to UAST to confirm that once the
plans and documents have been handed over to MCST, PPPL "will return (without
deductions or interest) the $346,900 paid on 14 January 1999". Tan requested
particulars of bank account to enable PPPL to effect the telegraphic transfer.

116\. Again in this letter, which was written by Tan, the nature of the
payment of 14 January 1999 was not described as a reimbursement as it is now
claimed. The Defendants were ready and wanted to return the first payment of
$346,900 to the Plaintiffs. The inference to be drawn from this is that
Parkway was willing and prepared to bear the entire DP. So far, Parkway had at
that stage paid close to $1.8m to the Land Office. At that time, the
application was already transferred or in the process of being transferred to
MCST.

_**

Payment of $346,900 on 14 January 1999

**_

117\. I will now interrupt the chronological account of the facts to deal
briefly with the January 1999 payment of $346,900.

118\. In my view, at the time Parkway made payment of the first 10% of DP to
the Land Office there was clearly no binding agreement to contribute towards
DP. At the stage of the original plan, there was merely a provisional
understanding or limited consensus which was subject to contract (as opposed
to a concluded bargain) that the Plaintiffs as developer of the cineplex would
contribute $3,465,000 towards DP, PPPL a sum of $5 million and the excess, if
any, to be borne by MCST.

119\. Prior to Parkway paying the first 10% of DP to the Land Office, Parkway
indeed tried to bind the Plaintiffs to this contribution. Tan wrote first on
16 April 1998 (AB 732) followed by a letter dated 22 April 1998 from PPPL’s
lawyers M/s Tan & Tan enclosing a Deed Of Undertaking and a Deed of Assignment
for the Plaintiffs’ attention. (AB 747). The Plaintiffs were required to sign
and return the confirmation to Tan’s letter of 16 April by 24 April 1998
before PPPL paid Land Office the first 10 % of DP.

120\. The Plaintiffs did not provide the confirmation sought. ALP on 24 April
1998 told M/s Tan & Tan that they would take clients’ instructions on the Deed
of Undertaking. (AB 755).

121\. Eventually, the Plaintiffs, through ALP, gave a qualified undertaking on
24 April 1998 for the payment of the first 10% of DP. It was couched in
language which only obliged the Plaintiffs to pay their share of the balance
of the DP when the Conditional Agreement was signed. If it was not signed by
end of May 1998, the Plaintiffs would pay interest on their share of the
balance of the DP from 1st June 1998 to date of payments of that balance.
Should the Conditional Agreement not be signed at all, two scenarios would
follow: the Plaintiffs would reimburse PPPL for its payment of the Plaintiffs’
share of the first 10% of DP payment to the Land Office if the project ended
there. But if the application, plans and drawings were assigned to PPPL, there
would be no reimbursement to PPPL. (AB 756).

122\. This communication is significant as it demonstrates that the Plaintiffs
had no intention to pay DP at all if the Defendants continued with the project
and took over as developer. The refund of $346,900 contained in CPP’s letter
of 20 May 1999 is consistent with this thinking. As a term of the transfer of
application to MCST, all prior arrangements on the original plan were treated
as null and void and the money was agreed to be returned to the Plaintiffs.
This is the clean break Parkway wanted. According to Elizabeth’s internal
memo, she received legal advice to "terminate UA early – to avoid ‘misleading’
them". See AB 1168

123\. Tan’s oral testimony (NE 586) that it is "beyond doubt that if they [the
Plaintiffs] had not committed, we would not have paid the DP in April 1998" is
contradicted by the contemporaneous documents.

124\. On 13 January 1999, Pacific Media remitted $346,900 to PPPL. This
remittance was not pursuant to the qualified undertaking given in April 1998.
Quick in 165 of his affidavit of evidence-in- chief said that he and Michael
Buckley had dinner with Parkway’s representative on 5 January 1999. Over
dinner, Parkway sought to pressure the Plaintiffs into making some sort of
initial or advance payment towards the intended project. In his written
testimony, Quick said that the January 1999 remittance was an advance payment.
From the evidence, it appears that Quick, had during cross-examination,
mistakenly agreed with Counsel for the Defendants that the payment was a
reimbursement to the Defendants rather than an advance payment. Thus, contrary
to the submission of the Defendants, the payment of $346,900 in January 1999
did not discharge any debt owing to PPPL. There was no debt at all in the
first place to speak of.

125\. Even if the January remittance was meant to reimburse PPPL the
Plaintiffs’ share of the first 10% of DP paid at the request of the Plaintiffs
and on their behalf, the status of this payment changed following the
Defendants’ agreement to refund the money in May 1999.

126\. The Defendants’ pleaded case is that there was an agreement by the 2nd
Plaintiffs to contribute DP. This agreement, according to the Defendants, was
reached either in 1996 or in January 1999\. The negotiations under the
original plan were subject to contract and the payment of DP was a term of the
Conditional Agreement that was never finalised and signed. Neither was the
Deed of Undertaking finalised and signed. Further, exchanges of correspondence
do not show any concluded agreement to pay DP in the sum of $3,465,000.
Definitely by end May 1999, any possible or arguable hint of an agreement to
pay DP had been treated as null and void.

127\. ALP on 16 July 1999 had written for the $346,900 to be returned to
Pacific Media. The money was to be returned on the basis of a clean break. (AB
1301). However, there was no purpose subsequently in pressing for its return
since the Plaintiffs wanted to remain as the operator of the cineplex under
the revised plan. In my view, the Plaintiffs left the January 1999 payment
with the Defendants as part of the $1m good faith deposit offered by Pacific
Media under the revised plan.

128\. As Gary Quick said, the refund was "rolled into the new proposal" (NE
71). It was part of the overall package and as it was already in the
Defendants’ hand it was incorporated as part of the good faith deposit in July
1999.

129\. I now return to the history of events in June - September 1999.

_**

June – September 1999

**_

130\. Earlier in the month on 9 June 1999, DPM had sent to Council Members the
offers from both UAST and Cathay. After Council Members met on 16 June, a
decision was made to request financial commitment on performance from the
respective operators. This would allow Council Members to endorse the party to
be selected as cinema operator. At that time, the sale of Pacific Media’s
internet business was not yet completed. The latter had on 9 June, requested
PPPL to postpone giving "this contract to any other party until after 30 June"
which was when the announcement of the sale and purchase of Pacific Media’s
internet business was expected.

131\. According to draft minutes of Council Meeting held on 16 June 1999,
whilst Pacific Media was not ready, Cathay was "ready to commit to an offer of
the lease for the operation of the cineplex based on the terms submitted in
the table at Appendix 2." Also "Cathay..had expressed that they are ready to
sign the lease agreement if the management council can accept their terms."
See AB 1285.

132\. Tan, in his oral testimony, confirmed that in June 1999, Cathay was the
only party with whom the Defendants were still talking to. By this time, the
Defendants had made payment of the second 10% instalment of DP to the Land
Office in April 1999 without calling upon the Plaintiffs to contribute their
share unlike previously with the first payment. Also by this time, MCST had
taken over as developer of the project. These are objective indications
consistent with there being no binding agreement between the Plaintiffs and
the Defendants to contribute towards DP in the sum of $3,465,000 or
$3,046,900.

133\. Earlier in the month, URA was told on 8 June 1999 that MCST had taken
over as named applicant developer from UAST. MCST also alluded that it was
considering the project with another party who will require an amendment to
the proposed layout submitted by UAST. The proposed layout was 10-15% smaller
than the approved layout. In view of this, MCST was seeking an adjustment to
the amount of DP. On 16 June 1999, MCST wrote a similar letter to Land Office
for adjustment of the DP.

134\. Parkway responded to the Plaintiffs’ offer of 9 May 1999 on 21 June. The
language used by Parkway was deliberate with the intention to start afresh
their relationship and re-negotiate. Not only was the subject matter headed "
Interest to lease and operate the proposed cineplex at Parkway Parade", the
letter was marked "Without Prejudice & Subject to Contract". Parkway advised
the Plaintiffs that whilst their offer to lease and operate the proposed
cineplex was being reviewed by Management Council, the latter had:

> "…requested .. an undertaking from your organization - as a form of
> financial commitment during this period of finalisation of the proposed
> leased terms and conditions.
>
> The form of financial commitment may be in a confirmation of your financial
> status to commit to the proposed project with a reference from your bank and
> with a "performance guarantee".
>
> We appreciate if you would revert by 30 June 1999 on the above to
> demonstrate your ability to undertake the proposed project." (AB 1265)

135\. The Plaintiffs were not willing or able to provide a banker’s
performance bond. On 25 June 1999, the Plaintiffs instead proposed other means
of security (AB 1271):

> _
>
> As a gesture of good faith we would be prepared to
>
> _ _deposit with you the sum of $500,000 which would be forfeited should we
> fail to complete the project._ This offer is made _without prejudice and
> subject to contract_ expressly on the understanding that it would be
> available to us to complete the contract and would not be held by you once
> the Cineplex had commenced operations."
>

>> [emphasis added]

136\. There was continual doubt in the Defendants’ minds over the Plaintiffs’
ability to carry through with the project since the proceeds of disposal of
the internet business were not earmarked for the project and furthermore
Pacific Media was going on a fund raising exercise for US$25 m.

137\. On 13 July 1999, Pacific Media told Parkway that they were confident of
their financial ability to complete the project so much so that they would be
prepared to place a deposit with Parkway on the following terms:

> "I believe that you currently have a _deposit from us of S$345,000_ towards
> the premium payable to the Land Office. I would be happy to give you a
> further deposit of $500,000 upon signing a lease making a total of $845,000.
> This money would be used as a final payment of our portion of the premium
> but the whole amount of S$845,000 would be released to your company as a
> penalty payment if we were unable to complete the construction of the cinema
> successfully. Whilst I would expect the interest accruing on this money to
> be paid to us on an agreed time scale, this interest would also be waived in
> the event of non-completion which means that you would receive a penalty
> payment of close to S$1 m if we did not fulfil our part of the contract.
>
> I am sure that you will agree _this proposal is a significant gesture of
> good faith_ regarding our intentions and our ability to complete the
> project. … I suggest that we now ask our respective lawyers to prepare a new
> lease for signature in the very near future. I will be in Singapore next
> week and would be happy to meet you to finalise any outstanding points and
> to sign the lease if it can be prepared within that time scale.." (AB 1298)

> > [emphasis added]

138\. It is quite clear from this letter that the intended purpose was for the
$346,900 to form part of the good faith deposit which was supplemented by an
"additional deposit" of $500,000.

139\. Parkway viewed this proposal as minuscule. There is a handwritten note
with the comment that $1m was "peanuts". (AB 1299).

140\. Pacific Media increased the amount of the "additional" good faith
deposit from $500,000 to $600,000 on 20 July 1999:

> "I feel that the offer contained in my letter of 13th July to Elizabeth Soh
> regarding the _additional deposit_ of $500,000 which we are prepared to
> place with you together with the support of this existing cash flow should
> be sufficient for you to execute the lease with us. As a final gesture of
> goodwill I am prepared to _increase the additional deposit from $500,000 to
> $600,000 in the hope that we can now execute the lease and proceed with our
> joint development_." (AB 1303)

> > [emphasis added]

141\. At this stage, the total good faith deposit came up to $946,500 (i.e.
$346,900 plus $600,000).

142\. The proposal of 20 July was revised again three days later. This time
the Plaintiffs proposed a corporate guarantee from Pacific Media to secure the
performance of the lease by UAST. The lease would be in the name of UAST:

> "In order to resolve this long standing situation I am now prepared to send
> you a letter from Pacific Media guaranteeing the obligations of UAST _if
> that company enters into a lease with you to construct and operate the
> proposed multiplex_ _as a substitute for all previous offers of financial
> assistance._
>
> You will understand that I am prepared to do this in the belief that the
> funding of this development will not present any difficulties…
>
> I suggest that we now proceed to sign the lease once it has been amended to
> reflect the latest agreed proposals between us and I see no reason why this
> could not be achieved before the end of next week. _I hope that this
> proposal is acceptable, being much more substantial than all previous offers
> of support._ " (AB 1310)

> > [emphasis added]

143\. The proposal was not acceptable to Parkway. Pacific Media on 26 July
wrote to Tan of PPPL:

> " As I explained to the[Council] meeting, we are basically putting all of
> the Group resources behind this project in that the lease will taken in the
> name of UAST and I will write a letter from this company guaranteeing their
> obligations. This has the effect of providing you with the day to day cash
> flow from Singapore in support of the project as well as all of the Group
> resources in terms of cash available, new funds which become available
> through financing packages as well as borrowing capabilities within the
> group which are currently un-utilised.

> Specifically our proposal is as follows:

> 1\. We amend the existing draft lease to reflect the new arrangement agreed
> between us and enter into this as soon as possible.
>
> 2\. We send you the sum of S$600,000 within five working days of execution
> for the lease. The current agreement between us is for us to pay you six
> quarterly instalments of $450,000 towards our proportion of the premium due
> to the Land Office, the first instalment becoming due on 9 September 1999. I
> suggest that this deposit is used to provide a part payment of $100,000
> towards each of these six payments.
>
> 3\. We will undertake to open the cinema within 280 days from the start of
> construction the date to be mutually agreed…." (AB 1314)

144\. On 28 July 1999, Elizabeth writing on behalf of "our" Tan Kai Seng asked
for various undertakings from Pacific Media to "confirm the offer".

"………Specifically we shall need you to undertake the following before we
confirm the offer:

> 1\. _Remit_ the sum of _$600,000_ within the next working days _to commit
> UAST to the project._
>
> 2\. The current arrangement for UAST to pay six quarterly instalments
> towards contribution of the premium due to Land Office, the first instalment
> due on 9 September 1999, shall remain as originally agreed by you for
> quarterly instalments of S$450,000.
>
> 3\. The sum of S$600,000 required under para 1 above shall remain as _good
> faith deposit until we hand over the cinema to UAST for fitting-out works.
> We will consider the utilization of this sum against your contribution
> towards UAST’s contribution to the premium in our negotiation for the
> revised terms for the draft lease agreement for the proposed cineplex._
>
> 4\. As indicated in your letter of 26 July 1999, UAST will proceed to
> finalise all terms and conditions to go into the contract with Management
> Corporation.
>
> 5\. As indicated in your letter of 26 July 1999, Pacific Media to furnish a
> corporate guarantee on terms satisfactory to the Management Corporation to
> guarantee the obligations to be agreed by UAST in the proposed agreements
> for the lease and operation of the proposed cineplex.
>
> We need you to undertake the above as specified to confirm the offer of the
> proposed cineplex to you. We look forward to your agreement to the
> Management Council’s request and receipt of the "_good faith" deposit_ by
> Friday 30 July 4pm local time." (AB 1325)

[emphasis added]

145\. Pacific Media gave the undertakings requested on 28 July 1999 to Parkway
:

"……Thank you for your letter of 28th July and I would respond as follows:

> 1\. We will instruct our bankers to send S$600,000 to you tomorrow, Thursday
> 29th July, this money to be sent to the same bank and account details as the
> _previous deposit_ [i.e.$346,900].
>
> 2\. We confirm that UAST will pay six quarterly instalments of S$450,000
> towards its contribution of the premium due to the Land Office with the
> first instalment being paid on or before 9th September 1999.
>
> 3\. I appreciate your agreement to discuss the utilisation of the _S$600,000
> good faith payment_ towards UAST’s contribution to the premium once you have
> handed over the cinema to us for fitting out. My suggestion would be that we
> pay the quarterly instalments of S$450,000 due 9th September 1999 and 9th
> December 1999 in full and that the four remaining payments are then reduced
> to S$300,000 per instalment with S$150,000 of the S$600,000 being applied to
> each of the four instalments.
>
> 4\. Gary, Brian and our lawyers will be available to finalise all terms and
> conditions of the lease at your convenience.
>
> 5\. Pacific Media will furnish a corporate guarantee on terms to be agreed
> between us which will guarantee the construction obligations of UAST,
> whether these are contained within a contract or the lease. The ongoing
> obligations of UAST under the lease following the opening of the cineplex
> will not be guaranteed by us, but obviously these obligations will be
> supported by the existing cash flow of UAST, the cash flow generated from
> your development and any other cash flow from additional future developments
> within UAST.
>
> I trust that the above responses are satisfactory and hope that the bank
> transfer arrives by Friday afternoon. I will confirm tomorrow that the bank
> has issued the transfer and no doubt it will arrive by Monday at the latest.
>
> It was kind of you to apologise for not staying until the end of the meeting
> last Friday but I should like to thank you for having arranged it at such
> short notice…" (AB 1328)

146\. Elizabeth wrote on 27 July to Linda, presumably from accounts:

> "Linda: Plse note ..that $600,000 shld be in our bank (PPPL) . You will need
> to clarify with TKS on whether this is to be transferred to MCST – since
> this is a _holding deposit_ for landlord who is MCST. Plse let me know on
> Monday am when the money is in." (AB 1330)
>

>> [emphasis added]

147\. The good faith deposit of $600,000 was remitted and received by PPPL.
The money was transferred to MCST on 3 August 1999 where it remained until
after the sale of Parkway Parade to Lend Lease when by way of journal entry,
the money was transferred to PPPL on 29 February 2000.

148\. On 3 August 1999, DPM requested UAST to confirm the items, which UAST
will provide, based on current negotiations and outstanding legal issues
pertaining to previous draft lease terms not acceptable to the Plaintiffs. (AB
1344).

149\. The next day, UAST forwarded a revised rental proposal (AB 1345). This
proposal made minor adjustment to their last proposal of 31 March 1999 (AB
1193). The percentage of net admissions revenue upon which the minimum base
rent was to be calculated was increased from 16 % to 18%. The proposed rental
package now included an additional variable element i.e. comprising 5% of the
net concessions revenue for the first 4 years of the intended lease. The
adjustments were being offered on the basis that the Defendants were now to
undertake the M&E works, in particular, the air conditioning works for the
complex (AB 1345 and 1347). As the letter did not deal with the $2.7 m, a
follow- up letter was sent on the same day. The follow-up letter of 4 August
1999 reads:

> "….I am pleased to confirm our offer as discussed earlier today.  
>  Estimated square footage [revised] - 33,344 sq. ft.
>
> Development Premium
>
> Previously paid S$ 346,900  
>  Due 09 September 1999 S$ 450,000  
>  Due 09 December 1999 S$ 450,000  
>  Due 09 March 2000 S$ 450,000  
>  Due 09 June 2000 S$ 450,000  
>  Due 09 September 2000 S$ 450,000  
>  Due 09 December 2000 S$ 450,000

> > > > > \-------------------

> Total Contribution S$ 3,046,900

> * Regarding the S$600,000 we sent to DPM on 30 July 1999, we would like to
> apply it equally against the last four (4) payments [a reduction of
> S$150,000 each].

_

Rental Terms

_

First term [7 years]

Base rent - S$3.25 per square foot per month

Percentage rent - 18% of net admissions revenue versus base rent [whichever is
higher]

Additional rent - 5% of net concessions revenue. This is an additional amount
paid in addition to base rent and/or percentage rent.

Second and third terms [Years #8 - #12]

Base rent - To be discussed

Percentage rent - 18% of net admissions revenue plus 5% of net concessions
revenue. The total of these two figures versus the base rent [whichever is
higher]

Additional rent - NONE!! The 5% of concessions revenue becomes a part of the
percentage rent calculation.

.…

We are anxiously awaiting your favourable reply to our offer. " (AB 1348)

150\. In response, DPM wrote on 6 August 1999. The letter was marked "Subject
to Contract". It reads:

> "….We refer to your letter of 4 August 1999 and are pleased to accept your
> offer stated therein.
>
> As discussed during our teleconversation on 5 August 1999, we confirm your
> agreement to the adjustments in rent on renewal/s of the lease as follows:-

> _
>
> 2 nd and 3rd Terms of 7-Year Lease Less 1 Day
>
> _[Base Rent *] OR [18% of Net Admissions Revenue Plus 8% of Net Concession
> Revenue]__

> whichever is higher.

> _
>
> * Base Rent at prevailing market rate to be capped to an increase which
> shall not exceed 15% of the contracted base rent of the preceding lease
> term.
>
> _

> Please note that the remaining major issues to be resolved are:-

> 1\. Schedule governing the respective obligations of MCST and UAST in
> building/fitting-out of the respective premises and the time frame for
> discharging such obligation.
>
> This shall require the input of the various consultants for the
> demolition/construction of the project. We are arranging for a meeting with
> the consultants to determine the schedule/dates.

> 2\. MCST’s/UAST’s obligations to provide certain facilities.

> We are waiting for Brian‘s revised component schedule as per our
> discussions.
>
> Other terms and conditions of lease for the proposed cineplex shall follow
> the draft lease agreement (which was prepared by the Management
> Corporation’s solicitors based on original intention for the proposed
> Cineplex) with the understanding that appropriate amendments would be made
> to reflect the current agreed terms.
>
> Our solicitors will now proceed to draft a finalised lease agreement for
> execution.

> We look forward to working with you more closely on this project.

> Thank you and with our best regards.…." (AB 1358)

151\. Pacific Media on 9 August 1999 wrote to Parkway to confirm the provision
of the corporate guarantee and of the terms under which it is given.

152\. The next communication was a fax from Parkway dated 24 August 1999
reminding Pacific Media of the due payment of DP in the sum of $450,000 on 9
September 1999 and requesting remittance by 7 September 1999\. A reminder was
sent on 3 September . The letter requested "payment to allow us to facilitate
payment to Land Office".

153\. On the same day, Pacific Media confirmed that the money would be sent by
9 September. The money was remitted on 9 September 1999. The next payment of
$450,000 was remitted on 15 December 1999. In the Plaintiffs’ bank application
for remittance of the various payments to PPPL, the words "Differential
Premium" was written in the box "Details to be notified to beneficiary".

154\. The contemporaneous documents showed that PPPL, meanwhile, had intended
to pay the balance of the DP to the Land Office in full. Elizabeth said that
she spoke to Michael Buckley and Quick about this. This oral testimony is not
in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief nor recorded in any of the
contemporaneous documents. In 289 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Quick
stated that the Plaintiffs were not informed of and were completely unaware
about Parkway’s full payment of the balance of DP on 9 September 1999. Under
cross-examination, he said he did not recall having this conversation.

155\. Earlier, Parkway had on 7 September 1999 asked the Land Office for
waiver of interest on the basis that full payment of the balance 80% of DP
would be paid by 10 September 1999.

156\. On 9 September 1999, Parkway paid the remaining 80% of DP plus GST.
After that, Land Office reverted with its decision not to waive interest. The
Defendants paid interest on 31 December 1999.

157\. In my view, that Defendants took themselves out of the instalment plan
and paid the remaining 80% of DP in full in order to improve their chances of
securing a waiver of interest charge from the Land Office.

**

(3) Findings and Decision

(i) Intention and Purpose behind the Four Payments

**

158\. The Plaintiffs’ contention is that the various payments were made (i) in
the course of negotiations for the intended lease;(ii) with a view to securing
and/or in consideration of the intended lease; and/or (iii) to account of
their anticipated obligations under the intended lease. The Plaintiffs
submitted that the payments were advances made in good faith to evidence their
sincerity and commitment to the project and on the assumption that the
intended lease agreement was going to be finalised and executed in due course.
The Plaintiffs relied on _Chillingworth v Esche_ and _Goff & Jones: The_ _Law
of Restitution (5 th ed.)_ pp 43 and 665 in support of their claim _._

159\. The Defendants’ submission is that the payments were remitted as non-
refundable DP for the Land Office. The 1st Defendants had paid DP to the Land
Office at the Plaintiffs’ request and the four payments were meant to
reimburse the 1st Defendants for the Plaintiffs’ share of their contribution
towards DP payment, which had been agreed at either $3.465 m or $3.046 m.

160\. Since I have decided that there was no concluded free-standing agreement
binding on the Plaintiffs to contribute towards DP, the primary contention of
the Defendants falls away.

161\. Quick’s oral evidence is that the Plaintiffs need not have to pay DP to
the Land Office. By July/August 1999, the Plaintiffs were no longer developer
of the project. MCST had taken over from them.

162\. Quick’s testimony is that DP under the straight lease arrangement was
part of the overall offer. (NE 77). Pacific Media’s letter dated 29 March 1999
expressly stated that the Plaintiffs have included contribution of DP as part
of the Plaintiffs’ _overall proposal_ to fit out and operate the cineplex. The
offer to contribute DP was a sweetener to enhance their overall package to
make it more attractive to the Defendants. (NE 54,57,59).

163\. The Defendants certainly viewed the DP contribution of $3.046m to be an
integral part of the rental package. An illustration of this is from the
Defendants’ comparison of the offer from Cathay with the Plaintiffs’. In the
computation of net rental income of the Plaintiffs’ offer, the benefit of the
DP contribution was amortised over different projected lease periods and
matched to their respective rental income streams.

164\. The Plaintiffs’ offer was more financially attractive than Cathay’s.

A contribution by the Plaintiffs towards DP in their proposal was important to
the Defendants as it reduces the upfront costs needed for the cineplex project
and hence reduces the overall funding requirements of the project. In the
event that Cathay was chosen as the cinema operator, borrowings for the
project would have been a net $2,531,900 more resulting in a higher interest
bill. Further, the full repayment of the borrowings would be stretched by a
further six years from year 2013 (based on UAST’s offer) to year 2019 (based
on Cathay’s offer). See AB 1319-1324.

165\. Yet the Defendants wanted tangible assurance from the Plaintiffs of
their commitment and financial ability to do the deal. Cathay’s financial
standing was acceptable to the Defendants but not their offer.

166\. Parkway told URA on 22 June 1999: "[W]e are in the process of
determining the financial standing of each party to enable MCST to make a
prudent decision so as to allow us to proceed on the project."

167\. It is clear that in June 1999, the Plaintiffs turned down Parkway’s
request that a performance bond from a bank be provided. Other options were
then offered in a series of communications that ended with the undertakings
from the Plaintiffs on 28 July 1999.

168\. An examination of all the circumstances gathered mainly from the
contemporaneous documents showed what the parties were about. In fact, they
showed that the payments were made in response to the attitude of the
Defendants which at that time was one of serious concern as to whether the
Plaintiffs would financially be in a position to see through and hold up to
their end of the bargain after the lease of the cineplex was awarded to them.
At that time, the shell structure had yet to be constructed.

169\. In _Guardian Ocean Cargoes Ltd & Ors v Banco do Brasil SA_ [1991] 2
Lloyd’s Rep. 68, the same inquiry as in the present case was before Hirst J,
namely, the purpose and intent of the payments made before contract. There the
plaintiffs recovered judgment for repayment of US$600,000 deposited with the
defendant bank as a token of good faith in a proposed shipbuilding re-
financing deal in which negotiations broke down after 5 years. The prima facie
rule on pre-contract deposits was not rebutted and the plaintiffs in _Guardian
Ocean,_ as __ in _Chillingworth v Esche_ succeeded in recovering the money
back.

170\. In _Guardian Ocean_ , the object of the negotiations was for the
plaintiffs (who had demise chartered the "Golden Med") to take over the
responsibilities of the owners who had defaulted on the shipbuilding contract
and loan from the bank, and for the transaction to be refinanced by the
defendant bank.

171\. Negotiations were protracted and spread over a five-year period. Draft
contracts were produced but revised due to constant changes to proposals as
the value of the vessel dropped in a deteriorating shipping market. During the
five years, the plaintiffs traded the vessel commercially. Relations broke
down with the bank’s arrest of the vessel. In the end, no contract was ever
entered into between the bank and the plaintiffs.

172\. The plaintiffs argued that the money was deposited with the bank as a
token of genuine intent for future use in the intended acquisition by the
plaintiffs of the vessel "Golden Med" and was only to be applied by the bank
for that purpose if negotiations between the plaintiff and bank for the
refinancing of the vessel were successful; the remittance were conditional on
the conclusion of the financing deal.

173\. The original proposal for the 3 remittances emanated from Mr. Juchem who
was the in-house lawyer of the shipyard in order to give [like in the present
case] a tangible assurance to the bank that the plaintiffs were financially
sound, and that they were serious in their intent to take over the
shipbuilding contract. In his written testimony, he said the payments were
intended to show good faith on the part of the buyers (the plaintiffs) and to
help influence the bank to grant the loan. Once made it should be possible to
convince the bank that their loan would be repaid. The goodwill payments would
show the bank that the "Golden Med" was really up to date again, and help
influence them to go ahead and loan the remainder of the required funds. He
went on to testify that knowing the bank, it was important that a prospective
new borrower should show a willingness to make a substantial payment on
account and as a sign of goodwill before concluding the deal. The importance
and significance of the plaintiffs making a goodwill payment totalling
US$600,000 must be viewed against the attitude of the bank. (p81)

174\. Mr. Juchem said that everyone expected the deal to go through and the
money applied to the promissory notes, but everything was meant to be
dependent on the refinancing being secured. The intention was to make a
deposit not a payment, and the money would be set against the promissory note
debt when the final refinancing documents were signed. (p81)

175\. Mr. Petropoulos for the plaintiffs testified that he made it clear that
his prime concern in entering the negotiations for refinancing was to minimize
his losses and safeguard the investment he had already made in two vessels. He
said that the goodwill payments were to convince the bank of the company’s
sincerity, and to be applied towards the purchase price if the refinancing
went through; he never considered making an outright payment. (p82)

176\. The bank’s position on the other hand, was that the remittances were
outright payments.

177\. It is the bank’s case that prior to the first remittance of US$200,000
the scheme was fundamentally changed and that instead of mere conditional
deposits, outright payments were proposed to be made by the plaintiffs on
behalf of Timber Point for the credit of the yard in payment of the
dishonoured promissory notes. The bank contended that these were voluntary
payments made unconditionally and therefore irrecoverable by the plaintiffs.

178\. Hirst J considered the same question as in _Chillingworth v Esche_ ,
namely, was it intended that the payments should pass outright and irrevocably
to the bank whatever the outcome of the negotiations or only if those
negotiations resulted in a concluded refinancing.

179\. The bank argued that the evidence of Mr. Juchem and Mr. Petropoulos did
not support the plaintiffs’ case of a conditional payment. Hirst J did not
agree with the bank’s analysis of the evidence. Hirst J said that " ..when Mr.
Juchem referred in [his written statement] to "goodwill payment", "payments
for a specific purpose", "payments as a sign of good faith" and the like, he
was intending to refer to the payments being conditional [i.e contingent upon
the conclusion of a refinancing deal]." (p. 83)

180\. The importance and significance of Mr. Petropoulos making a goodwill
payment of US$600,00 must be viewed against the attitude of the bank [in the
same way as the Defendants’ concern here about the financial ability of the
Plaintiffs].

181\. Quick’s testimony is that he had no reason to doubt that a lease would
not be signed. Even though the negotiations had been conducted "subject to
contract", the parties to this action had been discussing the cineplex project
for so long that both parties had confidently expected a formal contract to
eventuate.

182\. The payments were "inextricably linked" and made in anticipation of the
intended lease. ( 270.20 of Quick’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief; NE 66).
The sum of $346,900 was held by the Defendants to account of future liability
under the intended lease. See ( 270.22 of Quick’s affidavit of evidence-in-
chief.)

183\. After 6 August 1999, there were negotiations on what would happen to the
DP contribution of $3.046m in the event of default of performance of the
executed lease. To illustrate, there were negotiations on a refund of the
$3.046m if MCST was not able to hand over the shell structure by 28 February
2001 to the Plaintiffs to fit out and there were negotiations on the future
use of the $600,000 such as applying the money to the instalment payments.
There was even a proposal on 4 October 1999 to utilise part of the $600,000
towards the rental deposit which is equal to three months’ base rent required
under the draft lease and the balance applied towards the last instalment
payment of $450,000 due on 9 December 2000.

184\. Quick’s evidence is that there was no reason to make the payments except
for the lease. Without the lease, there was no reason for the Plaintiffs to
contribute towards DP. Elizabeth and Tan accepted that. They also agreed that
the Land Office’s approval obtained from payment of DP would be meaningless to
the Plaintiffs without a lease from MCST. (NE 391,169 and 545).

185\. The statements in the documented evidence referred to "gesture of good
faith", "good faith payment", "good faith deposit", ‘deposit", ‘additional
deposit" and "additional good faith deposit". Quick disagreed with Counsel for
the Defendants who suggested in a question put to him that the four payments
were not deposits or advances.

186\. A significant feature of the present case is that the Defendants had
asked the Plaintiffs for tangible assurance of their financial ability to
undertake and complete the revised plan. I would characterise the four
payments as pre-contract deposits which served as an indication of the
Plaintiffs’ confidence with funding, genuine interest and seriousness in being
the cinema operator of the cineplex at Parkway Parade. The four payments were
deposited with the Defendants as tangible assurance of genuine intent. In my
view, the four payments were to be kept aside and held against the conclusion
of a final lease and for use of the money deposited after the lease was
signed.

187\. I accept the Plaintiffs’ evidence that the payments were made in
anticipation of the lease. They were not intended to be outright payments.
There was no commercial reason for the Plaintiffs to pay $1.8m, which is not
an insignificant amount of money as non-refundable DP without or regardless of
a signed lease. The Plaintiffs needed a long lease to recoup their investment.
Quick’s evidence that the Plaintiffs paid because they thought they would get
a lease, is clear indication that they never intended to make outright
payments equivalent to gifts.

188\. Tan (NE 616) accepted Counsel’s suggestion put to him that "the
[various] payments were [made] _to account_ of Plaintiffs’ obligation to MCST
under the intended lease arrangement." [emphasis added] In other words, the
payments were to be used to fulfil the terms of the lease if and when that is
executed.

189\. The DP contribution to MCST is reflected in the draft lease and is an
obligation that only arises if the lease was signed. The six quarterly
instalments in Clause 4 of the working draft lease followed the timetable for
payment to the Land Office. The same schedule was used as a matter of
convenience. If indeed the money from the Plaintiffs were meant to pay the
Land Office, the date of instalment payment would have been a couple of days
earlier than the due date of payment to the Land Office. The obligation to pay
DP under the intended lease was to MCST and not PPPL.

190\. The Plaintiffs had expected the lease to be executed before any of the
six instalments began. But negotiations on the terms of the intended lease
were still on-going at the time Parkway sent reminders to the Plaintiffs to
pay. It is evident that the Plaintiffs remitted the payments in September and
December 1999 of $450,000 each as good faith pre-contract deposits.

191\. The good faith payment was recorded in ALP’s letter of 26 November 1999
which commented on Clause 3.12 of the working draft lease and CPP’s note to
the clause. Clause 3.12 deals with the consequence of MCST’s inability to give
UAST access to the shell structure after 28 February 2001 for fitting out
works. In the event, the tenant may rescind the lease. The only refund that
was provided was the lease deposit of three months. ALP said: " [W]e are of
the firm view that our client’s continuing contribution towards the DP in good
faith must be refunded if your clients are unable to hand over the premises to
our clients for the fitting out works by the agreed date".

> > 192\. It is clear from the correspondence that the remittance of $600,000
> as well as the earlier sum of $346,900 were to be treated together as a good
> faith pre-contract deposit.

193\. The $346,900 was already in hand. The Plaintiffs remitted $600,000 in
July 1999. From the correspondence, the $346,900 and $600,000 were referred to
as the "deposit" and "additional deposit" respectively. The $600,000 was
referred to by Elizabeth as a "holding deposit" for the landlord. A "holding
deposit" is a term used to describe pre-contract deposits. It is generally
paid by a "prospective purchaser" or "prospective lessor" such as in the case
of the Plaintiffs who had made the payment subject to contract. See _Sydney
Harbour Casino Holdings v NMBE Pty Ltd_ (1999) 9 BPR 16,679 at p16,687.

194\. The $600,000 was transferred to MCST’s bank account on 3 August 1999
where it was kept for sometime. The transfer of the money back to PPPL by
journal entry in February 2000 was between PPPL and MCST. That accounting
entry does not in my view change the purpose and intention of the payment as
between the Plaintiffs and Defendants.

195\. I find, on the evidence, that the four payments, namely, the sum of
$346,900, $600,000 and each of the $450,000 remittances were pre-contract
deposits. In the case of the $346,900 remitted in January 1999 it was
subsequently agreed in May 1999 to be refunded to the Plaintiffs. By
July/August 1999, the Plaintiffs permitted it to be retained by the Defendants
as part of good faith deposit.

**

(ii) The terms, if any, upon which the payments were made

**

196\. I now consider the terms, if any, upon which the four payments were
made. Were they to be non-refundable in the event the lease was not signed?
Where there is no contract and in the absence of any express term governing
the pre-contract deposit to the contrary, the prima facie rule is that the
money is to be returned to the Plaintiffs.

197\. The Defendants’ contention is that the Plaintiffs knew that DP paid to
the Land Office was not refundable. That may be so. But in this case, the
question is whether or not the Plaintiffs paid the money on the basis that it
would be non-refundable if the parties failed to execute a lease for the
cineplex and not whether the Plaintiffs knew that DP paid to the Land Office
was non-refundable.

198\. _Sydney Harbour Casino Holdings Ltd v NMBE Pty Limited_ , is a case
where the parties had agreed that the deposit should be returned if a lease
was signed but not otherwise. The Court of Appeal held that as a matter of
construction, it is not possible to imply from that express provision the
converse situation whereby the payee is to retain the deposit if no lease was
entered it.

199\. In that case the appellant Sydney Harbour Casino Holdings Ltd ("SHCH")
wanted to lease the premises from the respondent NMBE. In negotiating the
lease agreement, SHCH paid a "holding deposit" to the respondent pending
completion of the formal document. The appellant found cheaper premises and
decided not to proceed with the lease. SHCH sued for repayment of the amount
paid.

200\. Before Rolfe J, NMBE submitted that if NMBE failed in establishing a
binding contract for the lease of the premises had been entered into, SHCH
might still not succeed in recovering the $300,000. SHCH’s evidence showed
that the $300,000 was paid by it to NMBE in consideration for NMBE not
negotiating with other prospective lessees whilst it was negotiating with
SHCH, and that the only basis upon which SHCH was entitled to recover it was
if a binding agreement was entered into. The agreement was subject to the
condition that the $300,000 would be refundable upon the execution of the
lease. This line of argument did not find favour at the appellate level. The
parties’ mind were directed to what was to happen if the lease was executed.
Nothing was said about what was to happen in the event that the negotiations
did not end with execution of a lease.

201\. In that circumstance, the appellate court held: " …where neither party
had directed their minds to what would happen if an executed lease did not
eventuate, no express agreement could be inferred as to what would happen in
this event. In this situation it is necessary to have recourse to the law
relating to pre-contract deposits."

202\. On appeal, it was held that NMBE had no right to keep the deposit
because a pre-contract deposit is prima facie recoverable if the prospective
contract it is connected with does not come into existence.

203\. _Gribbon v Lutton_ [2002] 2 WLR 842, is a case where the parties had
stipulated as to what is to happen to the deposit if no contract is signed. On
the facts, the Court of Appeal held the solicitors were negligent in failing
to secure an enforceable bipartite agreement under which the deposit would
have been forfeited had the purchaser failed to purchase the land. The Court
of Appeal recognised that the vendor’s claim to the money could be enforced
not because he had given consideration for the promise but because he has
imposed a burden on the purchaser by stipulating that the deposit was non-
refundable should there be no concluded contract.

204\. As to what to do with the $1,846,900 paid if the lease was not signed, I
find that the parties here were silent both orally and in writing. I agree
with the Court of Appeal in _Sydney Harbour_ that the inference to be drawn
from the parties’ "consequent silence in their ..writings and words on the
question what would happen to the deposit in the event no lease was executed"
is that "they made no express agreement at all about what would happen in that
event." Once that stage in the analysis of the evidence is reached, the issue
is to be determined in accordance with the law on pre-contract deposits. On
this approach, the money is to be returned to the Plaintiffs. In my judgment,
the Defendants have not displaced the prima facie rule to show a right to
retain the pre-contract payments.

205\. The Defendants argued that the Plaintiffs had assumed the risk of their
payments where the parties were negotiating on a "subject to contract" basis
and everybody knows that there is a risk that at the end of the day, either
side may back out if the negotiations before a contract is executed. Given my
findings, this argument also fails.

206\. The negotiations were "subject to contract". The phrase "subject to
contract" means, as matter of construction, that the four payments were
conditional on the conclusion and execution of the lease. The only
consideration for the payment was the making of that contract. Without a
signed lease, the consideration for the payments fails. On the evidence,
applying the law relating to pre-contract deposits, the Plaintiffs are
entitled to recover the total sum of $1,846,900 on the ground of total failure
of consideration.

207\. It is evident from the documented evidence that PPPL was representing
MCST in the negotiations in respect of the proposed cineplex project.
Elizabeth reported to and took instructions from Tan. I therefore find that
PPPL was at all material times the agent for MCST.

208\. Both Defendants are liable to repay $1,846,900 to the Plaintiffs. The
money was remitted to PPPL and received by PPPL as agent of the prospective
lessor, MCST. The intended lease between 1st Plaintiffs and 2nd Defendants did
not materialise. In the circumstances, both are liable to repay the sum of
$1,846,900. See _Gribbon v Lutton_ [2002] 2 WLR 842 at 843.

**

(4) The Defendants’ submissions on the claim in restitution

**

209\. The Defendants’ contention for declining to return the money was based
on the alleged ground that there was an agreement to contribute**** towards DP
and the monies were paid to the Land Office as part of the Plaintiffs’ share
of the contribution. They were to reimburse PPPL for payment of DP made on
behalf of the Plaintiffs at their request. These arguments fall on the way
side as there is no free-standing contract to contribute towards DP. I have
also found that the total sum of $1,846,900 was not paid on terms that if no
lease were executed, the money would irrevocably pass to and be retained by
the Defendants.

210\. Counsel for the Defendants further submitted that the payments were made
in exchange for an opportunity to negotiate the terms of the lease. The
payments were for a confirmed offer of the proposed cineplex. The Defendants
argued that the words "confirmed offer of a lease" in Parkway’s letter dated
28 July 1998 comprised an opportunity or chance to negotiate the terms of a
lease. There was therefore consideration for the payment.

211\. In support of this argument, Counsel relied on Tan’s oral testimony of
Tan (NE 546):

> "…DP is payable when approval [was obtained] from [the] authorities. For all
> intents and purposes [a] lease should have been struck at that time. In
> order to secure the right to stay in the deal a payment has to be made.
> Would say DP has to be paid in order to stay in [the] game for
> negotiations…."

212\. This oral testimony is not stated in Tan’s affidavit of evidence-in-
chief. Neither is it in Elizabeth’s affidavit. In fact, she repeatedly denied
during cross-examination that the payments were for a confirmed offer from
Parkway.

213\. The Plaintiffs’ contention is that the "opportunity to negotiate"
argument was not pleaded. The Defendants disagreed and said that their
argument is consistent with their pleaded case that failure of consideration
was partial. I agree with the Plaintiffs on the pleadings point. The
constituent facts making up a plea of partial consideration must be pleaded.

214\. In any event, the Defendants’ argument is really nothing more than a
promise to negotiate or continue to negotiate a lease agreement subject to
contract. This is not consideration recognised by law. An arrangement or
agreement whereby the parties agree to negotiate in the future will not be
enforced on the ground that the agreement is incomplete, uncertain or is not
supported by consideration. Accordingly the law does not recognise as an
enforceable contract, an agreement to agree or negotiate a contract: _Courtney
and Fairbairn Ltd v Tolaini_ _Bros_ _(Hotels) Ltd_ [1975] 1 WLR 297; _Mallozzi
v Carapelli SpA_ (1976) 1 Lloyd’s Rep 407; _Walford v Miles_[1992] AC 128.

215\. The Defendants submitted that Plaintiffs’ claim for restitution is based
upon the doctrine of unjust enrichment. It is not disputed that the underlying
principle of an action for money had and receive is unjust enrichment.

216\. All three elements of unjust enrichment- benefit, at the plaintiffs’
expense and unjust "factor"-are undoubtedly present on an analysis of the
payments based upon the doctrine of unjust enrichment.

217\. Here the payments were made while negotiations were ‘subject to
contract’ and the deal failed to materialise. Given the conclusions reached in
this judgment, the Defendants have no right to retain the money. Since they
cannot retain the money, they are unjustly enriched.

_**

Other Issues

**_

218\. There is no need to deal with the other alternative issues, which will
only arise if I reached the opposite conclusion on the central issue.

219\. Given my findings, the facts in evidence fall short of satisfying the
elements of the defence of change of position.

_**

Conclusion

**_

220\. There be judgment for the Plaintiffs against the Defendants in the sum
of $1,846,900 with interest thereon at 6% per annum from the date of the writ
to date of Judgment and costs.

221\. As a corollary to this decision in favour of the Plaintiffs, the 1st
Defendants’ Counterclaim is therefore dismissed with costs.

Sgd:

BELINDA ANG SAW EAN

JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Aug 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

