Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Tan Lian Tiong  
[2002] SGHC 155

Case Number | : | MA 14/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 July 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hamidul Haq (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the appellant; Joan Lim Pheck Hoon (Chan Kam Foo & Associates) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Tan Lian Tiong   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Causing death by negligent act – Culpability – Road
accident – Whether respondent should have seen deceased earlier – Whether
respondent keeping proper lookout – Whether respondent acting imprudently – s
304A Penal Code (Cap 224)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Amendment of original charge to
lesser one – Whether appropriate in circumstances – s 65 Road Traffic Act (Cap
276, 1997 Ed)  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Effect of failure to put to witness a matter which
contradicts his evidence-in-chief  
  

**JUDGMENT** __ ** __ _ GROUNDS OF DECISION _ **

The respondent was charged in the district court with causing the death of one
Mohd Yassin bin PM Sultan (the ‘deceased’) by doing a negligent act not
amounting to culpable homicide, an offence under s 304A of the Penal Code (Cap
224). After calling for the defence, the trial judge acquitted the respondent
of the charge. The prosecution appealed to the High Court and, after hearing
their arguments, I dismissed the appeal against acquittal. I now give my
reasons.

**

The facts

**

2 On 23 December 2000 at about 9.38 pm, the respondent was riding on his
motorcycle along Commonwealth Avenue in the direction of Queensway when he was
involved in a traffic accident with the deceased. The deceased, who was
dressed in green pants and a purple shirt, was 72 years of age, 1.52m tall and
weighed 40.5 kg. He was brought by ambulance to Alexandra Hospital and
pronounced dead at 10.44 pm. The autopsy report showed that the deceased had
suffered two fractured left ribs and fractures of his left leg. The forensic
pathologist took the view that the deceased had died from the injuries
sustained in the accident.

3 Commonwealth Avenue comprises two separate carriageways which are divided by
a canal and the elevated MRT tracks. The carriageway in question had three
lanes, and the accident took place in the extreme right lane, which is the
lane closest to the MRT tracks. Two arrows, indicating the direction of the
traffic flow, are marked on each lane before the pedestrian crossing.
Photographs adduced at the trial showed that there are shrubs planted along
the roadside, measuring about 0.8 m high at the time of the accident. It can
also be seen from the photographs that the edge of the MRT track runs directly
above the edge of the road. Finally, while there are streetlights on the side
of the carriageway opposite the MRT tracks, there are none on the same side of
the carriageway as the MRT track.

**

The adduced evidence

**

4 At the trial before the district judge, the prosecution only called two
witnesses. The first, SSSgt Zainuddin M Saleh (‘SSSgt Zainuddin’), testified
that he arrived at the scene of the accident at about 11.20 pm that evening.
It was still raining at the time, and while lighting was dim, it was not in
pitch darkness. Although he found that it was possible to see a pedestrian
standing at the traffic light, he did not take measurements of the maximum
distance from which such a person could be seen. SSSgt Zainuddin was also
unable to shed any light on the point of the accident, or the positions of the
deceased or the motorcycle after the accident, as the deceased had already
been conveyed to hospital before he arrived, and the motorcycle had been
moved. Finally, he confirmed that the photographs of the accident scene which
had been taken at his direction had been taken with a powerful flash.

5 The prosecution’s second witness, Sgt Max Ong Gak Boon (‘Sgt Ong’) was the
investigating officer for the case. Although he visited the scene of the
accident in the course of his investigations, he was unable to shed any light
as to the height of the bushes, the height of the kerb, or whether it was
possible for the respondent to have seen the deceased. It was also not raining
and the road surface was dry when Sgt Ong visited the scene of the accident.
However, he noted that the lighting on the road was dimmer than on other roads
which had street lights on both sides of the road.

6 The respondent was the only person who could give an account of the accident
as there were no witnesses apart from a Chinese man who helped call the
ambulance for the deceased, but who remained anonymous. He stated that he was
on his way to Holland Village to meet a friend when the accident happened. It
was drizzling at the time, and although the respondent wiped his visor twice
to get rid of the raindrops, his visor continued to be blurred by the rain. He
decided to ride in the extreme right lane, so that he could be sheltered by
the MRT track as he rode. The respondent was travelling at a speed of 40 to 50
km/h as he was on third gear. As he approached the pedestrian crossing where
the accident occurred, he slowed down to approximately 30 km/h as he
approached the first arrow, and checked for pedestrians at the crossing. The
lights were green in the respondent’s favour, and as he approached the second
arrow, he checked the lights and for pedestrians again. This time, he turned
his head to the left to perform his check, and when he turned his head back,
he saw that the deceased had stepped off the right side of the road and taken
two steps onto the road.

7 At the time, the respondent was about three metres away from the deceased.
He did not sound his horn as he had no time to do so, and instead applied his
brakes and swerved to the left to avoid the deceased. However, the deceased
kept walking forward and the respondent felt an impact on his right shoulder
before the motorcycle fell over. The deceased was then still alive but
unconscious, and the respondent asked the anonymous Chinese man to call the
ambulance, which brought the deceased to the hospital, where he was pronounced
dead. The respondent also explained that he had not seen the deceased as the
shrubs planted by the side of the road were about the same height as the
deceased.

**

The trial judge’s decision

**

8 The trial judge accepted the respondent’s unchallenged evidence that the
traffic lights at the signal were green in his favour, that he had not seen
the deceased step off the kerb, that he only saw the deceased when he was
about three metres away from the deceased, and that the deceased’s body was
lying about one metre past the stop line after the accident. The direction the
deceased was facing, and the manner in which the collision occurred was also
corroborated by the autopsy report. Finally, in light of the position of the
accused’s body and the respondent’s evidence, he found that the respondent had
not been speeding at the time.

9 Although the Road Traffic (Pedestrian Crossing) Rules state that pedestrians
have right of way at signalised pedestrian crossings, even when the lights are
not in their favour, the trial judge took the position that the Rules did not
impose strict liability on motorists. Instead, the respondent was obliged to
exercise the care which would have been exercised by a reasonable and prudent
motorcyclist, namely to take all reasonable steps to ensure the safety of a
pedestrian at a pedestrian crossing. The trial judge was of the view that, in
the circumstances of the case, the respondent had not failed to do anything
which a reasonable and prudent motorcyclist in his circumstances would have
done.

10 The trial judge also had serious doubts as to whether the respondent could
have seen the deceased before the accident, noting that the prosecution had
not been able to tender satisfactory evidence on the maximum distance from
which such a pedestrian could be seen. Accordingly, he acquitted the
respondent of the charge, and also turned down a request by the prosecution to
amend the charge to one under s 65 of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276), viz.,
driving a motor vehicle without due care.

**

The appeal to this Court

**

11 Although the prosecution raised several grounds of appeal before me, the
main contentions underlying these grounds of appeal were that the respondent
should have seen the deceased, that he had not kept a proper lookout for
pedestrians, and that he had not acted prudently when riding his motorcycle.
Alternatively, the prosecution argued that the evidence disclosed the offence
of driving without due care and attention, in contravention of s 65 of the
Road Traffic Act, and urged me to convict the respondent on the reduced
charge.

_

Whether the respondent should have seen the deceased

_

12 The prosecution’s argument under this head was that the surrounding
circumstances were such that the deceased should have been seen by anyone who
kept a proper lookout. Since the respondent did not see the deceased until the
deceased was three metres away, it followed that the respondent had not in
fact performed a check as he claimed to have done. Two issues were hence
raised in relation to this contention: whether the deceased was visible when
the respondent carried out a check for pedestrians when he was 15 metres away
from the pedestrian crossing; and whether the respondent had in fact performed
the check as he said that he did.

13 Having looked at the evidence, I was not convinced by the prosecution’s
argument that the deceased should have been visible from 15 metres away. It is
trite law that that an appellate court will be slow to disturb the findings of
a lower court unless they are clearly reached against the weight of evidence –
_Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713, applied in _PP v Tubbs Julia Elizabeth_
[2001] 4 SLR 75, and I was of the view that the trial judge’s findings on this
issue were not in error. The prevailing weather conditions at the time of the
accident, the poor lighting and the shrubs planted by the roadside would all
have affected the respondent’s ability to detect pedestrians.

14 The physical attributes of the deceased would have made his detection even
more difficult, as more than half of his body would have been concealed by the
shrubs, and the photographic evidence showed that the deceased was of dark-
complexion and dressed in dark clothing. I also noted that there had been some
uncertainty in the court below as to whether the deceased had been carrying a
black umbrella when he was struck by the respondent’s motorcycle. The
prosecution argued that, if the deceased had been carrying a black umbrella,
that would have made him all the more detectable, but I was of the contrary
view. I felt that, if the deceased had indeed been carrying a black umbrella,
that would have served to further conceal him from the respondent’s view.

15 In rejecting the prosecution’s argument that the deceased was visible from
15 metres away, I was also conscious of the fact that the prosecution had been
unable to adduce any evidence as to the maximum distance from which the
respondent, under the prevailing weather and light conditions, ought to have
been able to see the deceased. The photographs of the accident scene which had
been adduced in the court below were of no help, as SSSgt Zainuddin had
conceded that the photographs had been taken with a powerful flash. I
considered the absence of such evidence to be a major obstacle towards proof
of the prosecution’s contention that the respondent should have been able to
see the deceased much earlier than when he actually did.

16 Having rejected the prosecution’s first proposition, namely that the
respondent ought to have detected the deceased much earlier, it followed that
there was no basis from which it could be inferred that the respondent had not
actually carried out the pedestrian check the way he said he did. I would in
any event have been extremely reluctant to accept such an inference. The
prosecution had proceeded in the court below on the basis that the respondent
had been negligent since he failed to spot the deceased until the deceased was
three metres away. The issue of whether the respondent had or had not checked
the right side of the road for pedestrians had not arisen at all, since the
prosecution did not challenge the respondent’s evidence that he had indeed
carried out a check.

17 The rule in _Browne v Dunn_ [1893] 6 R 67 states that any matter upon which
it is proposed to contradict the evidence-in-chief given by the witness must
normally be put to him so that he may have an opportunity of explaining the
contradiction, and failure to do this may be held to imply acceptance of the
evidence-in-chief. Although I said in _Liza bte Ismail v Public Prosecutor_
[1997] 2 SLR 454 that the rule in _Browne v Dunn_ is not an inflexible rule, I
was of the opinion that in the circumstances of the present case, it would
have been extremely unfair to the respondent to accept such an argument.

18 It was for this same reason that I was disinclined to consider the effect
of white railings located at the right side of the road (which were intended
to channel pedestrians) on the detectability of the deceased. The railings had
not been brought up in the court below, and the respondent had not been
questioned on the effect, if any, that they had on his perception, or whether
he could even have seen them from 15 metres away. In such circumstances, it
would have been extremely inappropriate for me to have taken the railings into
account when considering the issue of the deceased’s visibility.

_

Whether the respondent had kept a proper lookout

_

19 Related to the foregoing was the prosecution’s contention that the accident
had occurred because the respondent had not kept a proper lookout. Much
reliance was placed upon _Public Prosecutor v Er Wee Kok_ (unreported), where
the accused was convicted under s 304A for causing the death of a pedestrian.
I was also referred to _Public Prosecutor v Teo Lian Seng_ [1996] 1 SLR 19, in
which I had commented that on normal roads, there was a need to be alert at
all times to the possibility of persons crossing the road indiscriminately.

20 With respect, I did not find the two cases cited to me to be helpful. In
_Er Wee Kok_ , the deceased had checked for vehicles before he started to
cross the road, and the road had actually been clear when he began to make his
way across. The accused was also observed to be travelling quite fast, such
that after the impact, the deceased was thrown up into the air. In light of
the trial judge’s finding that the deceased had not dashed across the road, as
claimed by the accused, the trial judge was "driven to the inescapable
conclusion" that the accused had not seen the deceased because he was not
keeping a proper lookout. The finding was as such closely related to the facts
of the case, and given the very different facts in the present case, I did not
find _Er Wee Kok_ to be relevant to the present inquiry. Certainly, I was of
the view that the many factors at play in the present case (as already
discussed in the preceding section) militated against an "inescapable
conclusion" that the respondent had not been keeping a proper lookout.

21 I also did not find _Teo Lian Seng_ to be of particular help, as it was to
my mind clear that in the present case, the respondent was in fact alert to
the possibility of the deceased crossing the road indiscriminately, and had in
fact taken precautions in order to ward off that eventuality. For example,
apart from carrying out two pedestrian checks, the respondent had also slowed
down his speed from about 40 or 50 km/h to 30 km/h as he approached the
pedestrian crossing in question. Further, although the prosecution also
referred me to public policy on the protection of pedestrians at signalised
crossings, as exemplified by Rules 5 and 7 of the Road Traffic (Pedestrian
Crossing) Rules, I took the view that such public policy had not been
compromised by the respondent’s behaviour in approaching the fateful crossing.

_

Whether the respondent had behaved prudently

_

22 The third contention made by the prosecution before me was that the
respondent had not behaved prudently as he had persisted in riding on when it
was his evidence that the rain was affecting his vision. The prosecution also
took issue with the respondent’s moving into the right-most lane when such
lane is meant only for overtaking.

23 I did not agree with either of the prosecution’s contentions under this
head. With regard to the first contention, the rain at the time of the
accident was not heavy, the respondent having testified that, while his
T-shirt had water droplets on it, it was not drenched. The respondent had also
taken precautions to counteract the effect of the rain, namely to wipe his
visor at every given opportunity, and had also testified that, after he sought
shelter by riding under the overhang of the MRT track, his vision improved.
Under such circumstances, I was of the opinion that it was not imprudent of
the respondent to continue riding. Indeed, given the light rain conditions at
the time of the accident, if I accepted the prosecution’s submission on this
issue, it would mean that all motorcyclists would be obliged to stop riding
once rain progressed beyond a mere drizzle, and I considered such a
proposition to be completely untenable.

24 As for whether the respondent had been imprudent in choosing to ride in the
overtaking lane, while it was clear that such action was in violation of
traffic rules, I did not see how such a violation could be said to bear a
direct relation to the accident that subsequently happened. The accident did
not occur because the respondent chose to ride in the overtaking lane, but
because he did not have the opportunity to see the deceased until it was too
late. Riding in the overtaking lane, while certainly not to be encouraged, in
fact gave the respondent a better opportunity to see the deceased as his
vision improved once he made the change in lanes. The respondent nevertheless
failed to see the deceased, a failure more properly attributable to the
confluence of prevailing conditions at the time. As such, I was of the opinion
that such imprudence bore no relation to the issue of the respondent’s
negligence.

_

Alternative conviction under s 65, Road Traffic Act

_

25**** Turning finally to the prosecution’s request for an alternative
conviction under s 65 of the Road Traffic Act, it seemed to me that s 65 might
have been a more appropriate section for the present case to have been brought
under. I did not feel that the nature of the accident warranted the harsh
criminal sanctions of a charge under s 304A. Having said that, I was unwilling
to grant an amendment to the charge at such a late stage, given both that the
entire trial in the court below had proceeded on the basis of s 304A, as well
my view that the respondent’s alleged culpability under s 65 was at best
speculative in light of the circumstances of the present case.

**

Conclusion

**

26 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal against the respondent’s
acquittal.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW

Chief Justice

Republic of Singapore

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Jul 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

