Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Universal Express LLC v Jupiter Air Ltd and Another  
[2002] SGHC 32

Case Number | : | Suit 1078/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 February 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  S Rajendran J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Deborah Barker SC, Audrey Chiang and Thomas Koshy (Khattar Wong & Pnrs) for the plaintiffs; Stephen Soh and Adeline James (Arthur Loke Bernard Rada & Lee) for both defendants   
Parties | : |  Universal Express LLC — Jupiter Air Ltd; Jupiter Singapore Pte Ltd   
  
**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. The plaintiff, Universal Express LLC ("Universal") is a company
incorporated in the United Arab Emirates. Universal provides courier services.
The person who controls Universal is one Brian Wilkie ("Brian"). IFC Dispatch
India Pte Ltd ("IFC") is a company incorporated in India. It is also in the
courier business and is a close business ally of Universal. The principal
person behind IFC is one Pradeep Rege ("Pradeep"). Brian and Pradeep together
own a Singapore incorporated company called Universal Courier Express Pte Ltd
("Universal Singapore") which is also in the courier business. As there was
close business collaboration between Brian and Pradeep, I will refer to these
companies as the "Universal Group".

2\. The 1st defendant, Jupiter Air Ltd ("Jupiter Air") is a company
incorporate in Hong Kong. Jupiter Air is also involved in providing courier
services but on a scale much larger than the Universal Group. The 2nd
defendant, Jupiter Singapore Pte Ltd ("Jupiter Singapore") is a wholly-owned
subsidiary of Jupiter Air. A subsidiary of Jupiter Air that features in this
case is Jupiter Air (UK) Ltd ("Jupiter UK"). I will refer to these companies
as the "Jupiter Companies". The principal persons representing the Jupiter
companies in these proceedings were Sunny Leung ("Leung") and Jonathan Hearne
("Jonathan").

3\. All the companies named above provide wholesale on-board courier services
from airport-to-airport ("OBC services") to international courier giants like
DHL, TNT, UPS and Federal Express Inc. OBC services involve the use of either
full time staff or recruited members of the public travelling on designated
airlines accompanying the documents/goods being couriered.

4\. Representatives of the Jupiter companies and the Universal Group met in
London in June 1995 and again in Singapore in July 1995 to explore the
possibility of collaborating and co-operating with each other in the OBC
services. At the conclusion of the Singapore meeting, a Memorandum of
Understanding ("MOU") was prepared by Pradeep on behalf of the Universal Group
and given to the other party for signature. The Memorandum made provision for
the signatures of four persons to appear thereon, namely, that of Jonathan and
Leung on the one part and Pradeep and Brian for the other.

5\. In these proceedings, Jupiter Air and Jupiter Singapore denied being bound
by the MOU on the grounds that, after Jonathan and Leung had signed, a copy
bearing the signatures of Pradeep and Brian had not been returned to them. I
saw no merit in this argument. Jonathan and Leung, by signing the document
prepared by Pradeep, were clearly accepting that the document accurately
reflected the terms that had been agreed. Further, there was evidence from
Pradeep and Brian, which I accepted, that a fully signed copy of the MOU was
in fact sent to Jonathan.

6\. The MOU stated that it was an agreement made between Jupiter Air and its
associated companies/partners, FB On Board Express of Canada, Micom America
Inc of USA and Esquire Express India Pvt Ltd of India ("Esquire") on the one
hand (referred to collectively as the "Jupiter Group") and the Universal Group
on the other. The MOU itself stated that it was binding on the parties thereto
as well as, inter alia, their "successors and their subsidiaries/allied
companies".

7\. Under the MOU, the Jupiter Group was to operate as the exclusive partner
of the Universal Group in Europe, United States of America and Canada while
the Universal Group would operate as the exclusive partner of the Jupiter
Group in the Middle East and in the Indian Sub-Continent. The raison d’etre
for the MOU appears to have been –

> (a) the avoidance of competition with each other in the geographical areas
> mentioned above in which each had established its stronghold; and
>
> (b) collaboration between them in the running of OBC services.

The MOU spelt out the circumstances in which it may be terminated. Apart from
providing for cancellation by reason of bankruptcy or breaches of the MOU, cl
8(d) of the MOU stipulated that the MOU may not be cancelled by either party
except with six months’ written and receipted notice. This last provision was
no doubt intended to apply to a situation where a party sought to terminate
the MOU without relying on any breach/breaches of the MOU.

8\. Amongst the matters on which co-operation was envisaged in the MOU was the
participation by both groups on a 50:50 cost-sharing basis in OBC routes.
Except in respect of the Madras/Singapore route which involved Esquire, the
MOU did not spell out the routes in which there was to be this joint
participation; the parties, however, subsequently commenced joint OBC services
in respect of the New York/Delhi, Delhi/London and Bombay/London routes.
Although the MOU provided for cost-sharing on a 50:50 basis, the parties, by
mutual agreement, from time to time varied their proportionate contributions
in respect of the routes.

9\. By January 1996, the parties found that the New York/Delhi and the
Delhi/London joint OBC services were not profitable. By mutual agreement these
two services were suspended. Towards the end of 1996, Jupiter UK also found
the Bombay/London route unprofitable. At a meeting in London between Jonathan
and Pradeep in December 1996, it was mutually agreed that Jupiter UK would not
participate in the operation of this route and that the Universal Group was
free to continue operating the Bombay/London route on its own. This agreement
was put into effect in early 1997.

10\. In his affidavit evidence-in-chief, Jonathan had stated that during the
December 1996 discussion with Pradeep he had expressed his concern about the
need to give six months’ notice in order for Jupiter UK to withdraw from the
Bombay/London route but Pradeep had told him that that would not be necessary.
In re-examination however, Jonathan, for the first time, claimed that at the
December 1996 meeting he had spoken to Pradeep about the need to give six
months’ notice in order to terminate the MOU and Pradeep had told him that
that such notice would not be necessary. It was submitted by Mr Stephen Soh,
counsel for the Jupiter companies, that formal notice of termination under cl
8(d) of the MOU was not given to the Universal Group because of this assurance
by Pradeep.

11\. I accepted the submission of Ms Deborah Barker, counsel for Universal,
that this evidence of Jonathan, given for the first time in re-examination,
was highly suspect. It was also not a pleaded defence that Universal had
waived the requirement in the MOU to give six months’ notice in writing for
the termination of the MOU. I accepted the evidence of Pradeep that Jonathan
had not, at any time, told him that the Jupiter Group wished to terminate the
MOU or that he had, at any time, agreed to waive the six months’ written
notice required under the MOU for such termination.

12\. In its Amended Defence (paragraph 8.5), Jupiter Air took the position
that the MOU was intended to be for the financial benefit of both parties via
the operation of cost-sharing arrangements over specific routes and as the
three routes were the only cost-sharing routes established and as all the
cost-sharing arrangements in respect of the three routes had been terminated
by early 1997, the MOU was treated by both groups as terminated. In support of
this position, the Jupiter Group relied, inter alia, on the fact that
Universal appointed someone other than Jupiter UK, namely, a company known as
Asia Pacific Ltd, as its London agent in the Bombay/London operation. It was
submitted that this appointment would – if the MOU was in force – constitute a
breach of the MOU and was evidence that the parties had mutually agreed to
abandon the MOU.

13\. It was not disputed that for Universal to operate the Bombay/London
route, Universal would need the services of a London agent. Jonathan, in re-
examination, in fact confirmed that it would not be possible to operate that
route without such an agent. The scenario prevailing at that time was that
Jupiter UK did not wish to participate anymore in the Bombay/London route and
was quite content to let Universal operate that route on its own. As it was
not disputed that Universal would need the services of a London agent to
operate that route and as Jupiter UK had not offered to be that London agent,
I found that Jupiter UK had agreed, at least implicitly, that Universal could
operate the Bombay/London route with someone else as its London agent. If, at
that time, Jupiter UK had considered the appointment of Asia Pacific Ltd to be
a breach of the MOU, or if for any other reason the Jupiter Group wished to
terminate the MOU, steps should have taken to terminate the MOU under cl 8
either by reason of that breach or by giving six months’ written notice of
termination. This was not done.

14\. Mr Soh, in his closing submissions, submitted that both aspects of the
MOU – the joint operation of OBC routes and the non-competition clauses – were
both fundamental to the MOU. He argued, however (paragraphs 11 and 20 of his
submissions) that both these aspects were so interlinked that if one ceased to
apply then – at least implicitly – it was intended that the other would
similarly cease to apply.

15\. I could not accept that submission. The suspension of the two routes and
the withdrawal of Jupiter UK from the third route did not preclude the parties
from again jointly operating these or some other routes. The cessation of the
joint operation of the three routes could not, by itself, give rise to any
inference that the parties had, by mutual agreement, decided to treat the MOU
as cancelled. Unless there was sufficient evidence (by conduct or otherwise)
of a mutual agreement to abandon the MOU or unless the MOU had been terminated
under cl 8 , the MOU would continue to bind. The non-competition aspect of the
MOU was an important protection for both parties and I could see no reason
why, if the parties did not for a period operate any joint OBC services, the
MOU should not continue to be in force.

16\. Mr Soh, in his closing submission, highlighted in great detail various
other instances of non-compliance with the MOU which he submitted went towards
showing that the parties had mutually agreed to treat the MOU as terminated. I
will not go through these instances in detail. Even if it be that in some of
these instances Universal had breached its obligations, it again does not
necessarily follow that the parties had by conduct abandoned the MOU. I was
not satisfied that the alleged breaches, either alone or taken together, were
sufficient for me to arrive at the conclusion that the parties had mutually
agreed to treat the MOU as cancelled.

17\. In early 2000, Jupiter Air, in association with an Indian company known
as Global Aviation Services Pvt Ltd ("Global") formed a 50:50 joint venture
company in India called Jupiter Air India Pte Ltd ("Jupiter India"). The
Managing Director and principal shareholder of Global was one Vithalani.
Vithalani was also appointed the Managing Director of Jupiter India. Jupiter
India, in conjunction with Jupiter Singapore, then commenced OBC services
between Bombay and Singapore. Jupiter India also commenced OBC services
between Bombay and Dubai. It was not seriously in dispute that if the MOU was
still extant these services by Jupiter Air would be a breach of the MOU.

18\. In October 1999, prior to setting up Jupiter India, Leung, had met
Pradeep in India. One Harold Pang ("Harold") of Qantas Airways Ltd was with
Leung at that time. It was Leung’s evidence (supported by Harold) that in the
course of his conversation with Pradeep he told Pradeep about Jupiter Air’s
intention to run OBC services to and from India. According to Leung, Pradeep
did not raise any objections to the proposal or make any mention of the MOU at
that meeting. It was submitted, on behalf of Jupiter Air, that Pradeep’s
silence was evidence that the MOU between the two groups was no longer in
force.

19\. Pradeep, however, had a different version of that discussion. Pradeep
told the court that he had heard rumours about Jupiter Air re-entering the
Indian market and so, when he met Leung in December 1999, he broached the
subject and reminded Leung of the existing agreement between the two groups.
Pradeep’s evidence was that Leung told him that Jupiter Air was only exploring
general possibilities in logistics and air-cargo business in India (which were
services not covered by the MOU) and, except in respect of one client, had
little interest in the OBC market in India. It was Pradeep’s evidence that
Leung assured him that should Jupiter decide to re-enter the Indian market he
would let Pradeep know.

20\. A few days later, Pradeep, on IFC’s letterhead, followed up that
discussion with a fax (dated 25 October 1999) to Leung wherein he reminded
Leung that "_in keeping with our understanding_ " IFC had on many occasions
rejected requests from other courier companies to operate services in direct
competition with the Jupiter Group. In that fax Pradeep also referred to the
need "_as was agreed to between yourself, Brian and myself nearly 4 years
back_ " to avoid competition between their two groups. These were obviously
references to the MOU. Although Mr Soh submitted otherwise it was, in my view,
implicit in these reference that the MOU was still in effect.

21\. There does not appear to have been any response from Jupiter Air to the
fax of 25 October 1999. If indeed Jupiter Air was of the view that the MOU had
ceased to be binding, one would have expected a response to that effect. It
would be relevant to note in this context that Leung, in his affidavit
evidence-in-chief, took the position that there was no reference to the MOU in
Pradeep’s letter of 25 October 1999\. Whilst this, in a strictly literal
sense, was so, it was – as indicated above – quite obvious that the reference
to "_our understanding_ " and the reference to an agreement to avoid
competition "_between yourself, Brian and myself nearly 4 years back_ " were
references to the MOU.

22\. Pradeep’s testimony as to what transpired at the meeting with Leung in
October 1999, backed by Pradeep’s fax of 25 October 1999, appeared to me to be
a more credible version of what was discussed at the meeting than the version
given by Leung and Harold.

23\. Although Jupiter Air had been put on notice by the fax of 25 October 1999
that the Universal Group expected the Jupiter Group to conform to the non-
competition clauses of the MOU, Jupiter Air, without reverting to Pradeep on
the matter, proceeded with its joint venture plans with Global and established
Jupiter India. In April 2000, Jupiter India commenced OBC services between
Bombay and Singapore and in May/June 2000 it commenced similar services from
Bombay to Dubai. The Bombay/Singapore service was operated in conjunction with
Jupiter Singapore. That the operations of Jupiter India would be in direct
competition with the Universal Group was not in dispute. Indeed, in an e-mail
sent by Leung to Vithalani soon after Jupiter India started its operations,
Leung states: "_if_ [the Universal Group] _are not hurting now, they will be
very soon_ ".

24\. Pradeep discovered that Jupiter India had entered into competition with
Universal in April 2000. His evidence was that up to then he had thought – as
a result of what Leung told him in December 1999 – that if the Jupiter Group
entered the Indian market it would be in the provision of logistics and air-
cargo services and that it would, in any event, keep Pradeep informed of its
plans. He said that it came as quite a shock to him to find out that Jupiter
India was providing OBC services in direct competition with Universal. The
operation of such services without the consent of Universal was a breach of
the MOU.

25\. Pradeep and Brian thereafter called on the Jupiter Group to stop its OBC
services from India. In addition, solicitors’ letters to that effect – one
from M/s Key & Dixon of Dubai to Sakurai, the President of Jupiter Air and two
from M/s Khattar Wong & Partners to Jupiter Singapore and Jupiter Air – were
sent by the Universal Group.

26\. Soon after the solicitors’ letters were sent, the parties (namely, Brian
and Pradeep representing the Universal Group and Vithalani, Sakurai and Leung
representing the Jupiter Group) met in Singapore on 19 and 20 July 2000 with a
view to resolving matters amicably ("the two-day meeting"). The Universal
Group’s position was that it was agreed at the two-day meeting that if the
Jupiter Group stopped its India operations, then the Universal Group will not
proceed with its claims for breach of the MOU. The possibility of entering
into a "new agreement" for mutual co-operation was also discussed and it was
agreed that this would be further explored. The matters decided upon at the
two-day meeting were set out in Brian’s fax to Leung dated 26 July 2000. These
were:

> "(a) Jupiter and their associates/partners will withdraw immediately from,
> and not start any new, courier routes into and out of India and the Middle
> East.
>
> (b) Universal/IFC and Jupiter will wherever possible combine and assist each
> other in related areas, though Jupiter will be free to make their own
> arrangements with regard to freight and logistics work.
>
> (c) As part of a new agreement, we will explore ways to work together to
> exploit current and future non-linehaul opportunities in the express sector,
> such as airport-to-door."

The Jupiter Group admitted that as a result of discussions a settlement was
reached but claimed that that settlement was not reached at the two-day
meeting but was reached on 25 July 2000. It was Jupiter Air’s case that on
that day Leung, in a telephone call, proposed certain terms on behalf of the
Jupiter Group to Pradeep which Pradeep accepted.

27\. It was Leung’s evidence that when he received Brian’s fax on 26 July 2000
he telephoned Brian to tell him that the contents of that fax were inaccurate
and that the terms of the settlement was as agreed between him and Pradeep on
25 July 2000. Leung testified that upon hearing that Brian went into a rage
and told Leung that he (Brian) was the "ultimate boss" and what Pradeep said
should be disregarded.

28\. Leung told the court that after the conversation with Brian he sent a fax
to Brian setting out the terms agreed with Pradeep. These, as stated, in
Leung’s fax were:

> "(1) Jupiter Singapore will withdraw the OBC services to Bombay.
>
> (2) Jupiter Singapore will be given an opportunity to explain to their
> customers and the withdrawal will not be later than August 14, 2000.
>
> (3) As Jupiter Air Limited owns only 50% in Jupiter Air India Pte Limited
> and have no absolute control over the business of Jupiter Air India Pte
> Limited, we will try to request our partner there to withdraw the current
> OBC operations ex-Bombay as soon as possible. If we cannot do that, we will
> break our partnership and withdraw our holdings in Jupiter Air India Pte
> Limited.
>
> (4) We will instruct our lawyer to give you a 6 months notice to terminate
> the disputed MOU."

Leung ended the fax with the following reservation:

> "This letter and our decision on the above does not indicate our
> acknowledgement on our liability nor our agreement to the validity of the
> MOU. I am writing this only as an indication to our intention."

29\. Leung followed up item (4) of his fax by instructing solicitors to give
six months’ notice of termination of the MOU. On 3 August 2000, the solicitors
of the Jupiter Group, M/s Arthur Loke Bernard Rada & Lee gave the formal six
months’ notice of termination under cl 8(d) of the MOU to the Universal Group.
The notice maintained the reservation in Leung’s fax of 26 July 2000 referred
to above.

30\. It was, in my view, highly unlikely that Pradeep and Leung could, in the
course of the alleged telephone conversation, have arrived at a settlement
when Brian, Pradeep, Sakurai, Vithalani and Leung over a two-day meeting in
Singapore could not. Having heard the testimony of the persons involved in
negotiating a settlement, namely, Pradeep, Brian, Sakurai and Leung –
Vithalani not having been called to testify – I accepted the evidence of
Pradeep and Brian that settlement was reached between the parties at the
conclusion of the two-day meeting.

31\. I also accepted the position of the Universal Group that Brian’s fax of
26 July 2000 reflected what was agreed at the two-day meeting, namely, that
"_Jupiter and their associates/partners will withdraw immediately from …
courier routes into and out of India_ ". I was satisfied that all that was
agreed between Pradeep and Leung on 25 July 2000 was that the said withdrawal
would be effected by 14 August 2000.

32\. Leung claimed that Jupiter Air was unable to procure that Jupiter Air
ceased its OBC business because the joint venture partner, Global, would not
agree to do so. Jupiter Air, therefore, decided to sell its 50% interest in
Jupiter India. It was Jupiter Air’s position that once that was done Jupiter
India would no longer be an "associate/partner" of Jupiter Air and Jupiter Air
would therefore have fulfilled the requirements of the settlement agreement.

33\. Ms Barker submitted that this arrangement for Jupiter Air to withdraw
from the joint venture agreement ("JVA") had not been envisaged at the two-day
meeting – where Vithalani was present – and at which the settlement agreement
was concluded. This arrangement for Jupiter Air to sell its holding in Jupiter
India, she submitted, was arrived at between Leung and Vithalani after the
two-day meeting. It was, she submitted, decided between them that Jupiter Air
would go through the motions of selling its holding in Jupiter India to create
the impression that it was complying with the settlement and at the same time
give the six months’ notice of termination; thereafter Jupiter Air could
openly resume its joint venture with Global in the operations of Jupiter
India. It was in order to carry out this ploy, she submitted, that Leung tried
in his fax of 26 July 2000 to give a different version of the settlement
agreement.

34\. The party to whom Jupiter Air sold its 50% interest in Jupiter India was
a company called Global Airport & Ground Services Pvt Ltd ("Global Airport"):
a company connected to Global. To prove that the shares had in fact been sold
to Global Airport, Jupiter Air produced the correspondence relating to the
sale. I would note at this stage that Vithalani – a person who knew a great
deal about the discussions at the two-day meeting and who must have had first-
hand knowledge of the circumstances relating to the sale of the shares – was
not called as a witness.

35\. Ms Barker, in her submissions, had much to say about the way in which the
"sale" of the shares was effected and about the failure of Jupiter Air to call
Vithalani as a witness. Jupiter Air, she submitted, not only appeared to have
accepted Global Airport’s offer to purchase the Jupiter Air shares without any
negotiations on price and without any valuation being done but also appeared
to be unconcerned about when payment for the shares was to be made. Payment,
she pointed out, was made only sometime in January 2001 after solicitors for
Universal started pressing Jupiter Air to show proof of payment. She also
pointed out that Jupiter Air handed over signed transfer forms to Global
Airport and Jupiter Air’s nominees resigned as directors of Jupiter India
without Jupiter Air obtaining payment or even waiting for Reserve Bank
approval for the sale. The manner in which this sale was effected, she
submitted, showed Jupiter Air to be an "unusually accommodating" vendor.

36\. It would be relevant to note that when Jupiter Air purportedly withdrew
from its joint venture with Global, no steps were taken to change the name of
Jupiter India. Clause 9 of the JVA between Jupiter Air and Global provided
that the name "Jupiter" would be used in the name of Jupiter India only for so
long as the Jupiter Group held not less than 50% of the total issued equity
shares of the company. It was provided in the JVA that in the event the
shareholding of Jupiter Air was reduced, steps would immediately be taken to
delete the name "Jupiter" from the company name. "Jupiter" was a name well-
known in the courier industry and there was, no doubt, considerable goodwill
attached to that name. The fact that Jupiter Air took no steps to enforce cl 9
of the JVA was, in my view, significant.

37\. It was also significant that Leung, in an e-mail to Vithalani dated 6
January 2000, practically invited Jupiter India to continue using the Jupiter
name by stating: "_I agree that the word ‘Jupiter’ is a generic name and can
be used by others_." No mention is made by Leung of Jupiter Air’s rights under
cl 9 of the JVA. Not only did Jupiter Air allow Jupiter India to continue to
use the name "Jupiter" after its alleged withdrawal from Jupiter India,
neither Jupiter Air nor Jupiter India made any public announcement that the
Jupiter Group was withdrawing from Jupiter India. Further, the website of the
Jupiter Group (until January 2001) continued to show Jupiter India as part of
the Jupiter Group. And Jupiter India, to this day, continues to use not only
the name "Jupiter" but also the logo of the Jupiter Group.

38\. All the above factors suggest that Jupiter Air’s arrangement to sell its
shares in Jupiter India to Global was not a genuine arrangement. Perhaps the
most eloquent confirmation of that comes from a letter dated 2 August 2000
from Global Airport – the purchasers of the shares – to Jupiter Air in which
Global Airport assures Jupiter Air that Global Airport is "_confident of
making a positive contribution to achieve profitability_ " in Jupiter India.
Such an assurance from a purchaser to a vendor is most unusual. That letter
was, in my view, a clear pointer that although Jupiter Air purported to have
sold all its shares in Jupiter India to Global Airport, Jupiter Air was still
very much concerned with the commercial viability of Jupiter India.

39\. I was satisfied on the evidence before me that the sale of the Jupiter
India shares to Global Airport was not a genuine sale: I accepted the
submission of Ms Barker that the sale was but a ploy for the Jupiter Group to
give the appearance of complying with the settlement agreement but in reality
continue the joint venture with Global in the operations of Jupiter India. In
the circumstances, I was satisfied that the Jupiter Group had not carried out
the terms of the settlement agreement and was consequently liable for having
established OBC services from and into India in breach of the MOU.

40\. This suit was instituted against Jupiter Air and Jupiter Singapore by
Universal Express LLC (Dubai). The other members of the Universal Group,
namely, IFC and Universal Singapore, did not join in as plaintiffs. Instead
Universal, claimed damages for breach on its own behalf and also sought (in
paragraph 25(3) of its Statement of Claim) to claim damages on behalf of IFC
and Universal Singapore. IFC and Universal Singapore could, if they had so
desired, have been co-plaintiffs in this suit. They, however, elected not to
be parties. Not being parties, they would not be entitled to any relief from
this court. Accordingly, I gave judgment only in respect of damages suffered
by Universal in consequence of Jupiter Air and Jupiter Singapore having,
through Jupiter India, having operated OBC services in breach of the MOU for
the period April 2000 to 2 February 2001 – the last day of the six months’
notice. The damages, as agreed between the parties at the commencement of the
trial, were to be assessed by the Registrar.

41\. Universal had, in these proceedings, also applied for an injunction to
restrain Jupiter Air and Jupiter Singapore from operating OBC services between
Singapore and any city in India until after the expiry of six months from the
grant of the injunction. Universal had asked for this order on the grounds
that the six months’ notice ought to be given only when the Jupiter Group was
not in breach of the MOU by being in direct competition.

42\. The Jupiter Group were entitled, by cl 8(d) of the MOU, to bring the MOU
to an end by giving six months’ notice in writing. This the Jupiter Group had
done. There was nothing in the MOU that precluded a party who was in breach of
the MOU from giving that notice whilst the breach was continuing and I could
see no good reason to imply such a term. I therefore dismissed the application
for an injunction.

43\. Universal in these proceedings had claimed damages for breach on behalf
of itself and on behalf of IFC and Universal Singapore. Although Universal was
successful in its own claim, it failed in respect of the claim made on behalf
of IFC and Universal Singapore. In those circumstances, I felt that a fair
order as to costs would be for Jupiter Air and Jupiter Singapore to bear 75%
of Universal’s costs.

Sgd:

S RAJENDRAN  
Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Feb 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

