Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Koh Thian Huat v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 120

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 8/2002, MA 54/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 May 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Irving Choh Thian Chee (CTLC Law Corp) for the petitioner/appellant; Bala Reddy and Hwong Meng Jet (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Koh Thian Huat â€” Public Prosecutor   
  
** Judgment **

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

The petitioner, Koh Thian Huat, pleaded guilty in the district court to a
charge of theft under s 380 of the Penal Code (Cap 224). Subsequently, he
sought to retract his plea but this was disallowed by the trial judge. The
petitioner then sought a criminal revision.

_The background facts_

2 The statement of facts ("SOF") revealed that on 8 January 2002, the
petitioner was alone at Seiyu Department Store ("Seiyu") located in Parco
Bugis Junction, Victoria Street. An in-house detective observed the appellant
taking a necklace from a display shelf and placing it into the front pocket of
his jeans. He was then seen moving to another display shelf where he took
another necklace which he held in his left hand. Thereafter, the petitioner
left Seiyu without paying. The petitioner was apprehended and the necklaces
were recovered. They were subsequently identified as "Shiro" necklaces priced
at $38.80 and $79.98.

3 On 1 February 2002, the petitioner appeared in person before a district
judge ("the judge"). The charge under s 380 of the Penal Code was duly read
and explained to him in Mandarin. The petitioner pleaded guilty and admitted
to the entire SOF without qualification. He was accordingly convicted.
Following his request, the court deferred sentencing until after the Chinese
New Year holidays.

4 On 15 February 2002, the petitioner appeared again before the court and
indicated that he wished to retract his guilty plea. He explained that at the
time of the offence, he did not have an intention to steal and that he now
wished to engage counsel. When queried by the judge that he seemed to have
understood the nature and consequences of his plea perfectly, the petitioner
simply reiterated that he had forgotten to pay and alleged that, at the first
hearing, he was stopped from communicating this to the court by the
interpreter.

5 After hearing his arguments, the judge refused to grant him leave to retract
his plea. In the light of his antecedents, a pre-sentence report was called in
order to determine the petitioners suitability for corrective training. Bail
was extended.

6 On 8 March 2002, the petitioner appeared with counsel who informed the court
that the petitioner was adamant about retracting his plea. Leave was again
refused and the judge proceeded to sentencing. After considering his pre-
sentence report and taking cognisance of his antecedents, the petitioner was
sentenced to a term of seven years corrective training.

_Decision of the judge_

Retraction

7 Giving his reasons in a written judgment, the judge noted that his
discretion to allow the petitioner to withdraw a plea of guilt existed so long
as the court was not _functus officio_ :_Ganesun s/o Kannan v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR
56. Nevertheless, this discretion had to be exercised judicially and for valid
reasons, and an accused should not be permitted merely at whim to change his
plea. In any case, pleas of guilt by unrepresented persons should not be more
easily vitiated, even if they were ignorant of some possible defence (_Packir
Malim v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 429).

8 The judge noted that, when the charge was first read to the petitioner, he
appeared to understand the proceedings without any difficulty. The entire SOF
was admitted without qualification. In the premises, the judge ruled that the
petitioner should be bound by his earlier plea of guilt, which he held to be
valid, unequivocal and entirely voluntary. He was of the view that to allow
the petitioner to retract his plea in such circumstances would be to "sanction
a flagrant abuse of the courts process".

_Sentencing_

9 The judge took cognisance of the petitioners string of previous convictions.
He noted that as of the date of the current conviction, the petitioner had
been convicted on six occasions for ten separate offences (not including the
offence of robbery with hurt in 1988 when he was put on probation). Between
1992 and 1997, he had been sentenced to a total of six years and five months
imprisonment. Further, he was sent for a further 18 months in a Reformative
Training Centre ("RTC") in 1989. Assuming that he was granted remission for
all his sentences and including the detention at the RTC, the petitioner would
have been incarcerated for at least five and a half years in the last twelve
years.

10 The judge noted that the only factor that was remotely in his favour was
that he had managed to stay out of trouble with the law in the last two years.
Noting that the pre-sentence report had also recommended that he was suitable
for corrective training, the judge sentenced the petitioner to a term of seven
years corrective training.

_The criminal revision_

11 It is trite law that the revisionary powers of the High Court must be
exercised judiciously. In _Ang Poh Chuan v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 326, it was stated
at 330:

> Thus various phrases may be used to identify the circumstances which would
> attract the exercise of the revisionary jurisdiction, but they all share the
> common denominator that there must be some serious injustice. Of course
> there cannot be a precise definition of what would constitute such serious
> injustice for that would in any event unduly circumscribe what must be a
> wide discretion vested in the court, the exercise of which would depend
> largely on the particular facts. But generally it must be shown that there
> is something palpably wrong in the decision that strikes at its basis as an
> exercise of judicial power by the court below.

12 Before the court will be minded to invoke its revisionary jurisdiction, it
must first be satisfied that some "serious injustice" has resulted or would
result if it does not intervene. This has been the test consistently applied
by the courts over the years.

13 Increasingly, however, convicted persons who have pleaded guilty at the
lower courts allude to these powers to challenge the correctness of their
convictions.

14 Section 244 of the _Criminal Procedure Code_ (Cap 68) ("CPC") states:

> When an accused person has pleaded guilty and been convicted by a District
> Court or Magistrates Court on that plea there shall be no appeal except as
> to the extent or legality of the sentence.

15 The legislatures intent to provide for the finality of the proceedings was
encapsulated in that provision. In _Teo Hee Heng v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 168, 172,
the court said:

> It is certainly not the purpose of a criminal revision to become a
> convenient form of "backdoor appeal" against conviction for accused person
> who had pleaded guilty to their charges.

16 In my opinion, the finality of a conviction following a guilty plea has
been put into doubt by these frequent applications for revision. The powers of
revision are not meant to cater to the whims of convicted persons who decide
at a later stage to change their plea. Ultimately, the High Courts revisionary
powers are to facilitate its supervisory and superintending jurisdiction over
criminal proceedings before a subordinate court so as to correct, if
necessary, a miscarriage of justice arising from the correctness, legality or
propriety of any finding, sentence or order recorded or passed, and also as to
the regularity of any proceedings of that court. In any case, there is a
marked difference between the role and duties of a revisionary court and that
of an appellate court. I agreed wholly with the following passage found in
_Butterworths Annotated Statutes of Singapore_ , Vol. 3 (1997 Issue),
_Criminal Procedure Code_ at 353:

**

> Difference between appellate and revisionary jurisdiction

** In an appeal, it is the duty of the appellate court to examine the evidence
and come to an independent finding on each issue of fact but a revisional
court deals with questions of evidence or disturbs the finding of fact by the
lower court only in very exceptional cases, to prevent a miscarriage of
justice. The revisional court will confine itself to errors of law or
procedure only. In an application for revision, the main question which the
High Court has to consider is whether substantial justice has been done and
whether it should interfere in the interests of justice, whereas in an appeal,
the appellant would be entitled to demand an adjudication upon all questions
of fact and law raised in the appeal. When substantial justice has been done,
it is not for the High Court to interfere in revision.

17 The High Court must therefore jealously guard its revisionary jurisdiction
from being abused by frivolous and unmeritorious applications. The revisionary
powers should never be misused as an avenue for litigants to commence a
"backdoor appeal".

_The petitioners case_

18 The petitioners arguments, as gleaned from his Petition for Revision rested
on two key points which were essentially identical to those canvassed before
the court below. Firstly, he argued that he had inadvertently walked out of
the store without paying for the necklaces. Secondly, the petitioner argued
that, as he was unrepresented at the time of his plea, he was unaware that he
had a valid defence. Regardless of this, his application for a criminal
revision was made pursuant to s 23 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act and
s 268 as read with s 266 of the CPC and, as stated earlier, the onus fell on
him to first satisfy the court that "serious injustice" would result if he was
not granted leave to withdraw his plea of guilt. The "serious injustice" must
be of a nature and degree that warrants the courts intervention and exercise
of its powers of revision in order to rectify an error (or what appears to be
an error) of law or procedure made by the judge below.

_First ground: the absence of mens rea_

19 Before me, the petitioner contended that, after he selected the first
necklace, he noticed the second necklace and decided that he wanted to
purchase it as well. As he was also holding a packet of cigarettes and a
handphone in his hands, he placed one of the necklaces into his left jeans
pocket and continued to hold the other in his hand. After browsing around, he
had inadvertently walked out of the store without paying for the items.

20 This latest version of facts may be contrasted with that stated in the SOF.
The SOF stated that the petitioner had placed the first necklace into his
pocket _before_ moving to another display shelf where he appropriated the
second necklace. While the discrepancy between the two versions appeared to be
slight, it was material. By putting forward a more innocuous version of facts,
the petitioner sought to impress upon the court that his appropriation of the
necklaces was a result of his inadvertence and carelessness; that he had no
_mens rea_.

21 It must first be noted that the petitioner wholly accepted the version of
facts when he pleaded guilty on 1 February 2002 and did not challenge the SOF
until 8 March 2002. Further, I also noted that he had admitted to the entirety
of the prosecutions SOF before he was convicted. Ordinarily, in cases where an
accused pleads guilty, the charge sheet and the SOF act as the basis for the
courts decision to convict. As the SOF has now become an integral part of
criminal procedure in Singapore (_Mok Swee Kok v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 140, 146),
it is my view that, when an accused has unqualifiedly admitted to the contents
of the SOF, these facts should not thereafter be readily open to dispute.
Permitting otherwise may unduly prolong the proceedings or possibly even
undermine the soundness of the conviction.

22 Further, the petitioners change in the facts begs disbelief. A _bona fide_
shopper would not normally place his intended purchases into his pocket. Such
an act is even more implausible in the context since a necklace is not a bulky
item. Assuming for a moment that the petitioner was being truthful about his
hands being full, the more reasonable thing for him to do was to put his
handphone or cigarettes into his pocket. Alternatively, he could easily have
sought assistance from the sales staff.

23 In the absence of any valid reasons or explanations for the
inconsistencies, the petitioners version of facts was rejected and accordingly
his argument that he lacked the requisite _mens rea_ at the time of the
offence also failed.

_Second ground: the validity of the plea_

24 Next, the petitioner contended that, as an uneducated man, he was unable to
understand the full ramifications of his plea and that throughout the entire
proceedings he was confused and lost. At one stage, he claimed to have been
stopped by an interpreter from voicing his defence. In the premises, the
revisionary court should grant him leave to retract his plea of guilt.

25 Essentially, these arguments go towards the validity of the petitioners
plea. As the judge had noted, the petitioner was provided with an interpreter,
a professional who duly explained the entire proceedings to him in Mandarin.
It was inconceivable that she would prohibit him from voicing his defence.
More importantly, when he was asked to enter his plea, the judge observed that
the petitioner appeared to understand perfectly what he was doing and that the
plea was valid, unequivocal and voluntary. This was not unusual considering
that the charge sheet and the SOF were straightforward and did not raise any
complex issues of law or fact. In the absence of compelling evidence, an
appellate court should not readily disturb such a finding which is based on a
trial judges assessment of an offenders conduct and disposition in court.

26 I also disbelieved the petitioners contention that he was confused and lost
amidst the court procedures. Judging from his numerous prior convictions, he
was clearly no stranger to court proceedings. Had he really forgot to pay for
the necklaces, he would have voiced this defence to the police and to the
court. The fact that he chose to wait until 15 February 2002 before raising
this defence suggested that it was merely an afterthought and an excuse.

27 Further, the unequivocal words used in his written mitigation reinforced my
view. In that letter dated 29 January 2002 and entitled, "Letter of Appeal DAC
1157/02" it was stated:

> I know I have committed a criminal offence that I am very regretful over. It
> is really my mistake and I am willing to receive the rightful punishment
> from Your Honour.

28 While the petitioner had sought to argue that the letter was drafted by his
wife who did it under the mistaken notion that he had no defence, this was his
contrivance. The petitioner signed at the bottom of that letter signifying his
agreement with its contents. Clearly, his wife had prepared the letter with
his authority and instructions. He was therefore precluded from arguing that
he had been mistaken about the availability of a legal defence. In any case,
the very act of putting forward an altogether well-crafted mitigation plea
with relevant supporting exhibits without the assistance of counsel (the
letter was tendered to court on 1 February 2002 before counsel was engaged)
demonstrated the petitioners acquaintance with court procedures; further
reinforcing my belief as stated earlier. On the face of all this evidence, I
found nothing to suggest that the petitioner was unable to appreciate the
salient aspects of his case at the time of his plea.

_

The legal safeguards

_

29 The principles on whether the court should permit an attempt to retract a
plea of guilt are firmly settled. Section 180(b) of the CPC states that if the
accused understands the nature and consequences of his plea and intends to
admit without qualification the offence alleged against him, he may plead
guilty to the charge and the court may convict him on it. The common law has
evolved to include various procedural safeguards before a plea of guilt can be
regarded as the basis for a conviction (_Ganesun s/o Kannan v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR
560, _Lee Weng Tuck v PP_[1989] 2 MLJ 143). These safeguards require the
convicting court to ensure that it is the accused himself who wishes to plead
guilty. In _**R v Tan Thian Chai**_[1932] MLJ 74, Whitley J explained that
this meant that an accused person should plead guilty or claim trial by his
own mouth and not through his counsel. The second safeguard states that the
onus lies on the judge to ascertain whether the accused understands the true
nature and consequences of his plea. This goes hand in hand with s 180(b) of
the CPC. Thirdly, the court must establish that the accused intends to admit
without qualification the offence alleged against him. Procedurally, this
means that the court is under a duty to ensure that all the ingredients
constituting the offence are included in the SOF and admitted without
qualification. In so doing, the court must also ensure that the accused is
aware of the nature and consequences of such an admission. All three
safeguards must be complied with before a court can convict on a guilty plea.

30 In the present case, the facts were straightforward and largely undisputed.
The judge duly observed and adhered to the above-mentioned safeguards. In the
premises, the conviction was sound. The evidence pointedly showed that the
petitioner knew the nature and consequences of his plea.

_The appeal against sentence_

31 The petitioner also lodged an appeal against the sentence of seven years
corrective training on the ground that it was manifestly excessive. However,
on the day of the hearing, counsel for the petitioner sought leave to withdraw
the appeal against sentence. In the light of the judges written grounds of
decision and the petitioners antecedents, I granted leave to withdraw.

_Conclusion_

32 For the above reasons, the petition for criminal revision was dismissed and
leave was granted to withdraw the appeal against sentence.

Sgd:

**YONG PUNG HOW**

Chief Justice

Republic of Singapore

> > > > > > > **
>>>>>>>

>>>>>>> **

**

  

**

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 May 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

