Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Kanesan S/O Ratnam  
[2002] SGHC 42

Case Number | : | CC 8/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 February 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Amarjit Singh, Jason Tan and Chng Hwee Chin [Attorney-General's Chambers] for the prosecution; Shashi Nathan [Harry Elias Partnership] (assigned) and Ratanesh Kaur Bal [Straits Law Practice LLC] (assigned) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Kanesan S/O Ratnam   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. The accused is a 36 year old inmate of the Queenstown Remand Prison. He
was one of three cell-mates in cell B 141 on 10 August 2001. The other two
were Shanker Suppiahmaniam and Panneerselvan Lallayah. At 8.25am Panneerselvan
was taken out to see his family, leaving Shanker alone in the cell with the
accused. Upon his return to the cell about 9.00am Panneerselvan found Shanker
lying on his mat in a prone position. When he realised that Shanker was
motionless and cold to the touch he sounded the alarm. Various efforts were
made to resuscitate Shanker without success. Dr. Norkhalim Dalil the prison
medical officer made the first attempt. Shanker was brought to him at 9.08am.
At that time he already recorded no respiration from Shanker although there
was a very weak pulse of 30 beats per minute. He recorded in his report that
he introduced "a total of three ampoules of adrenaline … with no return of
pulse". Lelawaty Bte Abdullah the paramedic from the Alexandra Fire Station
arrived at the prison at 9.19am and took over the resuscitation from Dr.
Dalil. She recorded no pulse or respiration from Shanker. Shanker was brought
to the Alexandra Hospital where he was attended by Dr. Soh Poh Choong and Dr.
Pauline Neow at the Emergency Department. Dr. Soh's evidence was that Shanker
did not respond to resuscitative efforts and was pronounced dead at 10.19am.
The pathologist Dr. Gilbert Lau testified that Shanker died from asphyxia due
to compressive neck injury. In the course of the autopsy he found that the
cricoid cartilage was fractured and that was consistent with a compressive
injury to the neck applied with considerable force such as an "arm-lock" round
the neck.

2\. The accused was subsequently charged with the murder of Shanker. The
evidence against him came mainly from his confessions to the prison wardens
and subsequently the police investigators. The confessions were not challenged
in court where he made no attempt to defend himself, and elected to remain
silent after his defence was called. The circumstantial evidence was also
highly incriminating. It was clear beyond any reasonable doubt that Shanker
collapsed during the brief period when he was alone with the accused in cell B
141. The evidence also proves beyond any reasonable doubt that his death was
due to a compressive force injury to his neck.

3\. In his statements recorded on 12 August 2001 the accused stated that on
the morning in question Shanker spilled tea from his cup so the accused asked
him to clean up the mess. Not only did Shanker refuse he gave a rude retort to
the effect that "you talk so much why don't you do it". The accused seethed
with rage and when he saw that Shanker was facing the other way. He (the
accused) grabbed him and "did an arm lock on his neck" and held on like that
for about five minutes. When Shanker was thus motionless on the ground the
accused strangled him again with a piece of towel. Then he proceeded to clean
up the spilt tea. As he was performing that chore he was seized once more with
rage towards Shanker; so he strangled him a third time. Finally, the accused
pressed Shanker's face against his (Shanker's) blanket for five minutes. Soon
thereafter Panneerselvan returned to the cell and raised the alarm. In his
other statements the accused stated that since he had been unsuccessful in
committing suicide on a number of occasions, he therefore planned to kill
Shanker so that he would be sent to the gallows for the crime.

4\. Although the accused refused to challenge the prosecution evidence, I had,
nevertheless, to satisfy myself that the prosecution case had been
satisfactorily proved. The physical act constituting the offence raised no
difficulty whatsoever. I had to consider, however, whether the physical act of
the accused was the cause of death. I say this because the act occurred at or
shortly before 9.00am in the Queenstown Remand Prison, but Shanker was
pronounced dead at 10.19am at the Alexandra Hospital. Perusing the evidence of
the prosecution witnesses, I accept that Shanker had died shortly after he was
brought to the prison dispensary (at 9.08am) and that his death was the direct
result of the strangulation by the accused on him. The second aspect that
required some attention concerned the mental state of the accused. The medical
evidence that the accused was not of unsound mind was not challenged and there
being no evidence other than that of Dr. Sathyadevan that must be the only
conclusion I can draw. The defence of diminished responsibility requires the
defence to prove on a balance of probabilities that the accused suffered from
an abnormality of mind such as to affect his responsibility. Nothing was
adduced towards this defence. Taking all that into account, I am satisfied
that the prosecution had proved its case that the accused killed Shanker
sufficient in the circumstances to amount to murder. His strict and specific
instructions to his counsel not to challenge the prosecution evidence closed
every avenue of defence - especially in respect of any challenge to the
psychiatric evidence of Dr. Sathyadevan as to his sanity. On those same
instructions, no evidence upon which any of the exceptions to murder was
suggested, much less adduced.

5\. The accused was this day found guilty as charged and sentenced to suffer
death.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

