Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Marina Tanker Sdn Bhd v Chan Fook Choon and Another  
[2002] SGHC 125

Case Number | : | Suit 244/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 June 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gerald Yee (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for the plaintiffs; Tan Kay Khai (Michael Khoo & Partners) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Marina Tanker Sdn Bhd â€” Chan Fook Choon; Kwok Ai Ing (Both formerly trading as Mariner Engineering Company)   
  
** Judgment:  _Cur Adv Vult_ **

**GROUNDS OF DECISION**

1\. On 5 April 2002, I gave judgment in favour of the plaintiffs in respect of
their claim against the defendants for damages arising out of the negligent
repair of the engine of the plaintiffs vessel _Nur Marina_. The parties
subsequently appeared before me on the issue of quantum and this supplemental
judgment relates to those arguments.

2\. In the statement of claim, the plaintiffs claimed the following as
damages:

> (1) repair costs in the sum of $628,277.25;

> (2) expenses incurred being:
>

>> (i) $2,543 for survey fees and investigations;

>

>> (ii) $28,000 for towing costs;

>>

>> (iii) RM40,099 for additional wages and other expenses;

>
> (3) loss of profits while the vessel was being repaired.

At the start of the trial the plaintiffs dropped their claim for loss of
profits. I therefore have to deal only with items (1) and (2).

**

Expenses**

3\. I will deal first with the claim for expenses. The first item, the sum of
$2,543, was an amount paid to the Salvage Association for inspecting the
vessel and carrying out investigations to ascertain the nature and cause of
the damage to the engine. The Salvage Association was appointed to carry out
this work by the vessels insurers. The plaintiffs did not appoint it. The
insurers were interested in ascertaining the cause of the damage so that they
could determine whether the loss was covered by their policy of insurance. In
my judgment, this amount was not an expense incurred by the plaintiffs as a
result of the damage and therefore they cannot claim it from the defendants.

4\. The second item, the towage costs of $28,000 was, on the other hand, a
direct result of the damage to the engine. The engine was so badly damaged
that the vessel could not sail under its own steam from Kuantan, the port of
refuge, to Singapore for permanent repairs to the engine. It had to be towed
here and the plaintiffs had no choice but to incur the towage expenses. They
are entitled to recover the same.

5\. The third item, a sum of RM40,099 is made up of several separate sub-
items. First, the plaintiffs paid the chief engineer of the vessel a sum of
RM10,000 for himself and the engine room crew for carrying out emergency
repairs to the vessel on 21 March 1995 and 25 March 1995. The plaintiffs did
not, however, produce any evidence of a legal obligation to make such
payments. The chief engineer and the engine room crew were employed on board
the vessel and it was part of their duties to maintain the engine and effect
minor repairs. No document was produced showing that they were entitled to
extra payments for major or emergency repairs. The defendants submitted, and I
agree, that this was a voluntary payment that cannot be recovered.

6\. The second component of the RM40,099 claim was a claim for RM11,500
representing the cost of hiring a speed boat to carry the plaintiffs technical
superintendent from Kuantan to the vessel during the two periods when the
vessels engine broke down. The vessel was apparently some 20 miles outside the
port. There was no bill evidencing this item and the only documentation
adduced to support it were two internal vouchers produced by the vessels
managers in respect of payments they had made to the technical superintendent.
As there was no proof that this item was actually incurred by the
superintendent, I cannot allow it.

7\. The third component comprised payments made to the superintendent as
subsistence allowance, mileage allowance and hotel charges for his two visits
to Kuantan. These totalled RM2,423.50. Again the only evidence of these
payments were the managers internal vouchers. No contract setting out the
terms of the subsistence allowance and the mileage allowance was produced. Nor
were any hotel bills adduced. Accordingly, this claim is disallowed.

8\. The last component is the sum of RM16,176 that the plaintiffs paid for
some 4,000 litres of lubricating oil for the engine. The defendants objection
to this item is that the plaintiffs had decided that they would change the
vessels lubricating oil when the vessel returned from Haiphong. Accordingly,
they would have incurred this expense even if the engine had not broken down.
I agree. This amount cannot be claimed.

**

Repair costs

**

9\. The repair costs are made up of two bills from Wartsila Diesel (Singapore)
Pte Ltd (Wartsila), the manufacturers of the engine. They carried out the
repairs after the breakdowns. Their first bill is for the sum of $185,909.95
and covers repairs/inspections of the main engine by service engineers at
Kuantan from 27 March to 1 April 1995 and provision of labour, floating crane
hire and boat hire for permanent repairs at Singapore. The second bill in the
sum of $446,768.30 covers the supply of replacement parts to the engine. In
respect of the first bill, the defendants raised objections to items totalling
$57,918.25 and in respect of the second bill, they raised objections to items
totalling $55,199.37. Their position was that either these items were
excessive or that they could not be attributed to the damage arising from the
defendants negligence.

10\. In response, the plaintiffs relied on the evidence of Mr Michael
Christopher Thompson, the surveyor from the Salvage Association, who was sent
by the hull underwriters of the vessel to establish the cause of the damage
and ascertain the repairs required. In his report dated 3 May 1995, Mr
Thompson set out the recommended repairs effected and the repair costs. He
referred specifically to the two invoices that Wartsila had rendered and
stated that these invoices had been approved as being fair and reasonable for
the work carried out and that such work was attributable to the casualty under
review. Subsequently, the Salvage Association approved the invoices for
payment and the underwriters paid the same.

11\. One of the objections that was raised related to the temporary repairs
done in Kuantan. At that stage, the no. 3 piston bearing was replaced and a
new piston assembly was put in. Subsequently, after the second breakdown,
these new parts were found to be damaged as well. The defendants argued that
repairs of the new parts could not be claimed against them because there was
no evidence that the damage arose from their negligence. Mr Thompson, however,
who was aware of both the temporary and permanent repairs, was satisfied that
these repairs were also part of the damage arising from the negligent work of
the defendants. He was not questioned about how the subsequent damage to the
new no. 3 piston and its accessories could have arisen from the defendants
negligence. Accordingly, I think it is too late for the defendants to raise
this point now.

12\. I will deal first with the bill for the replacement parts that came to
$446,768.30. Item no. 8 of this bill was $9,370.25 being the cost of replacing
six sets of piston rings. There was no evidence that all the piston rings were
damaged. According to Wartsilas report AB117, only pistons nos. 4 and 6 were
renewed and the rest of the pistons were reused after servicing. The
defendants submitted that the plaintiffs thus should only have claimed the
cost of two sets of piston rings. That would have amounted to $3,123.42 ie
$6,246.83 less than they claimed. In Mr Thompsons report, however, it is
stated that the pistons were re-ringed and he went on to include this work as
part of the permanent repairs. He also said that the rings were attributable
to the casualty. That being the case, I find the defendants must pay for it.

13\. Item 16 on the bill was $14,165.45 for a complete set of packing/locking
materials. The plaintiffs did not show what those items were for and how the
supply of the same was attributable to the defendants default. Mr Thompsons
report did not mention this item at all. I disallow the amount.

14\. The defendants objected to the cost of $1,039.45 charged for the
lubricating oil filter elements replaced by Wartsila on the basis that these
elements were located outside the engine and their replacement was not
attributable to the defendants work. Mr Thompson, however, made specific
reference to the lubricating oil filter elements as replacement parts supplied
on board the vessel in his report under the heading Recommended Repairs
Effected. Accordingly, I allow this item. The same response is applicable to
the defendants objection to item no. 10 that was the cost of $750.60 for
replacement of the lubricating oil cooler kit. This was another item
specifically mentioned by Mr Thompson under that heading.

15\. I next turn to Wartsilas invoice for $185,909.95. I am satisfied that
most of the defendants objections have no substance in view of Mr Thompsons
report. One item for $8,022.60 was in respect of the replacement of the
turbocharger kit. The defendants submitted that there was no evidence that
this item was damaged. In Mr Thompsons report, the only reference to the
turbocharger was that its bearings were suspect because the turbocharger
lubricating system was common with the main engine system. The turbocharger
bearings therefore had to be checked. Whilst the turbocharger itself had to be
removed, checked and cleaned, according to Mr Thompsons report, he did not
state that the turbocharger itself required replacement. Accordingly, I
disallow this item.

16\. There was also an item for $2,546 in respect of the supply of the
cylindrical bearings set for the lubricating oil pump and drive box. The
defendants objected on the basis that the lubricating oil pump was located at
the lower part of the engine and would not be affected by the improper fitting
of the connecting rods. Mr Thompsons report does not mention this item. I
disallow it.

17\. On this part of the claim, therefore, I have disallowed items totalling
$24,734.05. The plaintiffs claims for repairs is therefore reduced to
$607,944.20.

**

Conclusion

**

18\. In the result, I award the plaintiffs damages of $28,000 being the cost
of towage services and $607,944.20 being the cost of repairs together with
interest thereon at 6% p.a. from the date my first judgment in this action ie
5 April 2002.

Sgd:

JUDITH PRAKASH

JUDGE

SINGAPORE

This does not merit reporting

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Jun 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

