Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Teck Khong and another (suing as Committee of the Estate of Pang Jong
Wan) v Tan Pian Meng  
[2002] SGHC 152

Case Number | : | Suit 1072/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 July 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Prabhakaran N Nair and Raadthie Vijayan-Nair (Ong Tan & Nair) for the Plaintiffs; Daniel John and Damita Nathan (John, Tan & Chan) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Tan Teck Khong and another (suing as Committee of the Estate of Pang Jong Wan) — Tan Pian Meng   
  
Succession and Wills – Testamentary capacity – Validity of will – Mental
capacity of testator – Whether testator has mental capacity to make will and
enter into various transactions to dispose of property – Undue influence –
Whether exercise of undue influence on testator to make will and dispose of
property  
  

**Judgment** __ **_Cur Adv Vult_**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

**_

INTRODUCTION

_**1\. This action is brought by Tan Teck Khong and Tan Teck Hing as the
Committee of the Estate of Madam Pang Jong Wan. Teck Khong is the eldest son
and Teck Hing is the second son of Mdm Pang. They were appointed as her
Committee under the Mental Disorders & Treatment Act (Cap 178) (‘the Act’) on
22 January 2001.

2\. The Defendant is Tan Pian Meng. He is the third son of Mdm Pang who does
not have any daughter. Mdm Pang comes from China and has no formal education
(NE 21).

3\. In the action, the Plaintiffs seek various reliefs in respect of certain
documents or transactions purportedly executed or entered into by Mdm Pang:

> (a) Her first Will dated 22 October 1997 under which Pian Meng is the sole
> executor and the sole beneficiary.

> (b) Her transfer of a sole-proprietorship known as Canberra Karaoke KTV Pub
> (‘the Business’) to Pian Meng on 27 November 1997.

> (c) The sale of her property known as 30 Medway Drive (‘30 MD’). The option
> was granted on 26 May 1998 to a third party and the sale was completed on 31
> August 1998. The net sale proceeds were deposited into a joint account of
> Mdm Pang and Pian Meng and subsequently withdrawn by Pian Meng. The
> Plaintiffs are not seeking to set aside the sale but want Pian Meng to repay
> the net sale proceeds.

> (d) The mortgage of Mdm Pang’s other property known as 64/64A Serangoon
> Garden Way (‘64/64A SGW’) to Keppel Tat Lee Bank (‘KTL’) to secure credit
> facilities from KTL to Pian Meng. The mortgage was executed by Mdm Pang on 3
> November 1999, but dated 22 November 1999. The Plaintiffs are not seeking to
> set aside the mortgage but want Pian Meng to repay all monies secured by the
> mortgage and procure the discharge of the mortgage.

> (e) Mdm Pang’s second Will dated 3 November 1999 under which Pian Meng is
> also the sole executor and the sole beneficiary, except for $10 given to
> each of the Plaintiffs as the sons of Mdm Pang.

4\. The basis of the claim is that Mdm Pang had lacked the mental capacity to
execute the documents or agree to the transactions. Alternatively, that she
did so under the undue influence of Pian Meng.

5\. In this judgment, ‘AEIC’ means Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief and ‘NE’
means Notes of Evidence which will be followed by a page number and, where
appropriate, the number of the line in the page.

_**

BACKGROUND

**_

6\. In or around 1963 or 1966, the parents of the parties started the
Business. The mother is Mdm Pang and the father was Tan Suan Kui. There was
conflicting evidence as to what the business name was at that time but that is
not material. The Business was subsequently carried on in No. 64 SGW and the
family lived on top i.e in No. 64A SGW. 64/64A had been bought by the parents
in or about 1966 using monies from the Business.

7\. On 4 May 1973, 30 MD was registered in the name of the parents as joint
tenants. Presumably the purchase monies were also from the Business. Both
parents ran the Business with some help from the three sons as and when each
was old enough to help out.

8\. In 1982, the father died. At the time of the father’s death, Teck Khong
was about 32 years of age, Teck Hing was about 25 years of age and Pian Meng
was about 24 years of age. Mdm Pang would have been about 57 years of age.

9\. 30 MD became registered in Mdm Pang’s sole name, as the remaining joint
tenant. 64/64A SGW also became registered in her sole name. As for the
Business, Mdm Pang relied primarily on Pian Meng to assist her, but, on all
accounts, she was the one in charge. She was a determined person, energetic
and sociable (NE 118).

10\. Pian Meng appeared to have the highest level of education among the three
sons. He stopped his education at ‘A’ levels whereas Teck Khong’s and Teck
Hing’s education stopped at Secondary Two or thereabouts.

11\. Pian Meng was also the most able of the three sons. After the father’s
death, it was he who would help his mother to liaise with bankers i.e
Kwangtung Provincial Bank (‘KPB’) and the relevant authorities. He was also
the cashier of the Business and was the sole signatory of the Business’
cheques as Mdm Pang did not sign cheques. He had also apparently become a
guarantor to KPB, after the father died, whereas neither of the Plaintiffs was
a guarantor. He was also instrumental in renovating the business premises in
1986, and persuading Mdm Pang to run a karaoke pub also at the business
premises in 1990 (although Teck Khong claimed he was the one who persuaded Mdm
Pang), and in 1992 to focus on the karaoke pub business. Teck Khong helped in
some cleaning work and acted as a bouncer. Teck Hing worked as a cook.

12\. The entire family, including the father, had a gambling habit.

13\. The eldest son Teck Khong had a violent temper and often had serious rows
with his father. As a result, his father had wanted to disown him. Teck Khong
also had serious rows with Mdm Pang.

14\. He was married in 1974. He had a daughter from this marriage but his wife
divorced him and took the child with her around 1980. He then married a woman
from Hainan, China in 1992 and had a son from this marriage. He bought a
property in Hainan with the help of Mdm Pang but when he divorced his second
wife, that property was transferred to her as part of a divorce settlement.

15\. Subsequently, he placed a down payment to buy another property in Hainan,
again with the help of Mdm Pang, but the purchase was not completed because
the developer had discontinued its business.

16\. In or about 1994, Teck Khong asked his mother to make him a partner in
the Business but his mother declined.

17\. In 1995, he married his third wife, also from Hainan, but this marriage
also ended in divorce in 1997.

18\. In June or July 1997, Teck Khong caused a fire in 64/64A SGW because of a
cigarette butt he had left. As a result, there was a violent quarrel between
Mdm Pang and him in which he threw a glass either at her which Pian Meng
deflected or he threw a glass onto the ground.

19\. In around April 1999, he resided with Pian Meng and his family at rented
premises at 47 Walmer Drive. He married a fourth time in 2000. His fourth wife
is also from Hainan. She was also residing at 47 Walmer Drive until about July
2000 when Teck Khong and her moved back to 64A SGW. This was because by then
Pian Meng’s wife had made a revelation when she had had a quarrel with Pian
Meng. Teck Khong said she ‘revealed that [Pian Meng] has swallowed the
brothers’ money’ (NE 40). Also, Pian Meng’s mother-in-law was not happy with
Teck Khong’s wife (NE 41).

20\. The second son, Teck Hing, married one Wang Ah Choo who is known as Anna.
She also helped in the Business by working in the kitchen peeling potatoes,
cooking and washing the dishes (NE 100). They have three daughters.
Apparently, living conditions became crowded at 64A SGW when the third child
was born and in 1990, Mdm Pang bought a property known as 3 Cowdray Avenue for
Teck Hing and his family to live in. This property was registered in the name
of Teck Hing and Pian Meng and Anna’s name was not included. Pian Meng
assisted by liaising with the solicitors for the purchase. He suggested that
Anna was resentful that she was not registered as a co-owner of 3 Cowdray
Avenue. Pian Meng also suggested that Anna had been jealous of him as it was
he, more than the other siblings, who was helping Mdm Pang in the Business.

21\. As for Pian Meng, he was married to Angela Goh Lee Hoon in 1995 and had a
son from the marriage in 1996. He suggested that Mdm Pang was particularly
happy to have a grandson. At the time of Mdm Pang’s first stroke, Pian Meng
and his family were staying with Mdm Pang and Teck Khong at 64A SGW.

22\. Since 1994, Mdm Pang suffered from hypertension and diabetes. There is
some dispute as to who would take her to see the doctor. The Plaintiffs say it
was Teck Hing and his wife who did so most of the time but Pian Meng said it
was he who did this.

_**

MDM PANG’S FIRST STROKE ON 16 AUGUST 1997 AND FIRST WILL DATED 22 OCTOBER 1997

**_

23\. On or about 16 August 1997, Mdm Pang went to Pow Sing Chicken Rice stall
in Serangoon Gardens to buy food for a family dinner for the Hungry Ghost
Month. She became disoriented and did not know how to make her way back.
Fortunately, the owner of the Chicken Rice stall recognised her and brought
her home. He told the Tan family that Mdm Pang had become dazed and confused
and while at his stall, she thought she was at the Business’ premises. At that
time she was about 72 years of age.

24\. It is common ground that she had suffered a stroke that day. I will
elaborate later on the medical evidence.

25\. According to the Plaintiffs, Mdm Pang stayed with Teck Hing for three
months after her stroke before she stayed with Pian Meng. During that time,
Pian Meng would take Mdm Pang out for long drives. On a few occasions after
they returned, Anna noticed Mdm Pang’s right hand thumb was stained with ink
and reported this to Teck Hing. When Pian Meng was confronted about this, he
explained that there were forms to be signed before lawyers and banks. The
Plaintiffs trusted Pian Meng and did not probe further. This version was not
disputed except that according to Pian Meng, Mdm Pang stayed with Teck Hing
for three weeks, and not three months, before returning to stay with Pian Meng
and his family.

26\. In or about February 1998, Pian Meng and his family moved to rented
premises at 29 Saint Heliers Avenue. Mdm Pang came to live with them until
February 2000.

27\. I come now to the AEIC of Mr Colin Caines, a solicitor, whose late
partner Mr J S Khosa had acted for Mdm Pang’s husband in respect of the
Business and other matters.

28\. According to Mr Caines’ AEIC, Pian Meng had telephoned him and informed
him that Mdm Pang wanted to make a Will. Soon after that Pian Meng saw Mr
Caines in Mr Caines’ office and said that his mother had had a stroke and
wanted to make a Will leaving everything to him. Mr Caines advised Pian Meng
to get a doctor’s report confirming that she was able to execute a Will.

29\. On 22 October 1997, Pian Meng called at Mr Caines’ office and produced a
certificate dated 21 October 1997 from Dr Chong Piang Ngok (‘Dr PN Chong’), a
neurologist, certifying that she was in full command of her mental faculties
and able to execute a Will. I will set out the terms of the certificate when I
elaborate later on the medical evidence.

30\. Pian Meng also informed Mr Caines that Mdm Pang was ready to execute her
Will and that she was conversant in Hainanese. Mr Caines informed Pian Meng
that the services of an interpreter would be required. His office then
contacted the Subordinate Courts and an appointment was made for the
interpreter to attend Mdm Pang at Mr Caines’ office later on the same day.

31\. Mdm Pang’s Will was prepared by Mr Caines the same day. In the meantime,
Pian Meng went to fetch Mdm Pang.

32\. At the appointed time, various persons attended at Mr Caines’ office.
After the interpreter had interpreted the Will to Mdm Pang and confirmed to Mr
Caines that the Will was in accordance with her wishes, Mdm Pang executed the
Will in the presence of two of Mr Caines’ staff.

33\. Mr Caines was Pian Meng’s witness. His AEIC was executed on 16 January
2002 and filed on 1 February 2002\. Pian Meng’s AEIC was executed on 31
January 2002, about two weeks after Mr Caines’ AEIC was executed. Pian Meng’s
AEIC was filed on 1 February 2002, the same day as Mr Caines’ was filed.

34\. Pian Meng’s AEIC was to the effect that after he had gotten married (in
1995) and had a son (in 1996), Mdm Pang started to indicate that it was time
she transferred the Business and her properties to him.

35\. In mid-1997, he brought Mdm Pang to Khosa & Caines. However, as they did
not make an appointment and Mr Caines was in court, they did not get to see Mr
Caines that day. Pian Meng claimed that they spoke to Mr Caines’ secretary,
one Ms Tan, to explain Mdm Pang’s intentions. The secretary advised them that
a considerable amount of stamp duty would have to be paid if Mdm Pang
transferred her properties to him (inter vivos). A cheaper way was to make a
Will. Ms Tan suggested that they consider this and make another appointment to
see Mr Caines.

36\. However in August 1997, Mdm Pang had her (first) stroke. The rest of his
AEIC tallied with Mr Caines’ AEIC in that it was Mr Caines who advised him to
get a doctor’s report on Mdm Pang’s ability to make a Will and Mr Caines (or
his office) who arranged for the interpreter.

37\. At first blush, there did not seem to be any material difference between
Mr Caines’ AEIC and Pian Meng’s except that Pian Meng’s had mentioned an
additional ‘fact’ i.e an earlier visit to Khosa & Caines and the advice of Mr
Caines’ secretary whereas Mr Caines’ had not.

38\. However, during cross-examination, Pian Meng said that he had not spoken
or seen Mr Caines at all before 22 October 1997, the day when Mdm Pang
executed the Will.

39\. Pian Meng also said that prior to 22 October 1997, and after the alleged
visit to Khosa & Caines in mid 1997, he had called Ms Tan and told her that
his mother wanted to make a Will, that she had had a stroke and could speak
only Hainanese or simple Hokkien. It was Ms Tan who said her office would
arrange for a Hainanese interpreter and that Pian Meng should get a
certificate from a doctor as Mdm Pang had had a stroke. Pian Meng also said
that he did not go to Mr Caines’ office earlier and alone on 22 October 1997.

40\. This evidence contradicted the AEIC of Mr Caines. It also contradicted
Pian Meng’s own AEIC at para 43 where he had said that it was Mr Caines who
said that he (Pian Meng) should get a medical report on Mdm Pang.

41\. Pian Meng insisted that it was Mr Caines who had made mistakes in his
AEIC. He also said that as for para 43 of his own AEIC, that was a mistake on
his (Pian Meng’s) part.

42\. Yet, when Mr Caines eventually gave oral evidence, Pian Meng’s Counsel,
Mr Daniel John, did not ask him whether he had made mistakes in his AEIC or
take him through what Pian Meng had said in oral testimony.

43\. I should also mention another point. In cross-examination, Pian Meng said
twice, at NE 157 and 162, that Mr Caines did speak to Mdm Pang on 22 October
1997 in simple Hokkien about her Will. However, in cross-examination, Mr
Caines said he had not spoken to Mdm Pang as she spoke Hainanese and he was
totally ignorant of the language. He had left it to the interpreter to
interpret the Will to her (NE 274). Mr Caines was not asked in re-examination
whether he had spoken to Mdm Pang in simple Hokkien. Mr Caines also confirmed
that in preparing the Will, he had acted on instructions from Pian Meng, and
not Mdm Pang (NE 276).

44\. As for the interpreter, this was one Loh Lim. He said that he had
interpreted Mdm Pang’s Will to her in Hainanese and did so in layman’s
language. Pian Meng’s version was that the interpretation was done sentence by
sentence and that each time the interpreter had asked Mdm Pang if she
understood (NE 158).

45\. Loh Lim said he made sure Mdm Pang understood the contents of her Will
and she confirmed to him that she did. However, he could not remember how she
had responded to him (NE 223).

_**

TRANSFER OF THE BUSINESS TO PIAN MENG ON 27 NOVEMBER 1997

**_

46\. It is not disputed that Mdm Pang transferred the Business to Pian Meng on
27 November 1997 i.e about a month after she executed her first Will. This was
done without the assistance of any solicitor and also without the knowledge of
Teck Khong and Teck Hing at that time. Pian Meng alleged that an officer at
ROCB had spoken in Hokkien to his mother.

47\. It is not disputed that Teck Khong and Teck Hing knew about the transfer
thereafter because various licences for the running of the Business had to be
in the name of Pian Meng thereafter and these licences were displayed in the
premises.

48\. Teck Khong apparently spoke to Mdm Pang about the transfer of the
Business to Pian Meng but he said she did not respond as she was ill (NE 24
and 25). Pian Meng’s version was that Mdm Pang told Pian Meng to ignore Teck
Khong’s objection to the transfer (NE 25).

49\. Teck Hing said he did not speak to Mdm Pang about the transfer of the
Business because she was ill. He did not object to the transfer because he had
asked Pian Meng why the transfer was done and Pian Meng had said this was for
convenience because Mdm Pang was ill. The change was temporary until Mdm Pang
got well (NE 128).

50\. It is not disputed that after the transfer of the Business, Pian Meng
continued to see to it that the salaries and bonuses of Teck Khong and Teck
Hing up to the third week of January 2001 were paid although the actual sums
paid were disputed.

51\. Also, Teck Khong was given thousands of dollars on various occasions for
his trips to China although the actual amount was disputed. In April 1998,
$6,000 was deposited into a fixed deposit account of Teck Khong’s at Bank of
China. In December 1999, $70,000 was given to Teck Khong to help him buy a
property in China. Some of Teck Khong’s gambling expenses and his credit card
bills up to March 2000 were paid.

52\. For Teck Hing, Pian Meng also arranged for payment of the property tax of
3 Cowdray Avenue, utility bills, some household expenses and all or part of
tuition fees for his daughters and, in 1999 to 2000, 12 monthly instalments
for a car. In December 1999, Pian Meng provided $10,000 for a holiday in Korea
for Teck Hing and his family. Pian Meng also arranged for payment of some
gambling debts of Teck Hing.

53\. However, the actual source of all these monies is another matter.

_**

SALE OF 30 MD (i.e MEDWAY DRIVE) AND USE OF THE NET SALE PROCEEDS

**_

54\. Pian Meng alleged that 30 MD was rented out initially. However because
the tenants said the house was haunted and rebuilding it would cost too much,
his mother decided to sell it (NE 179). Her intention was to use the sale
proceeds from 30 MD to buy a property for Pian Meng and his family and also
for Mdm Pang herself and Teck Khong, to stay in (NE 184). The new property was
to be registered in Pian Meng’s name only (NE 180). This appeared to be
corroborated by Teck Khong (NE 38).

55\. Teck Khong had accompanied Pian Meng to look for a suitable property.
This was not disputed by Teck Khong. As Pian Meng could not find a suitable
property to purchase and the property market was falling, Mdm Pang allegedly
decided to sell 30 MD first. The option was granted on 26 May 1998 and the
sale was completed on 31 August 1998. The sale price was $910,000. Apparently,
Pian Meng had told Teck Khong about the sale and the price.

56\. One Ms Lee Lay See acted for Mdm Pang in the sale. Unfortunately, Ms Lee
was not in Singapore when it was her turn to give evidence. The parties agreed
that her AEIC should be withdrawn but no adverse inference should be drawn on
account of her not giving evidence.

57\. The net sale proceeds of $898,497.67 was deposited into a joint bank
account with HSBC which Mdm Pang had opened with Pian Meng. The one per cent
option money was also deposited into this account. This account was opened
only after Mdm Pang’s first stroke of 16 August 1997 (NE 182) although Mdm
Pang had other bank accounts in her sole name. Pian Meng said that one of the
functions of the joint account was to deduct property tax for 64/64A SGW from
this account (NE 182). About $900,000 was withdrawn from the joint account in
various tranches by Pian Meng thereafter and placed in fixed deposits with
HSBC and KPB and in an ‘i’ account with UOB, all of which were in Pian Meng’s
sole name. Pian Meng claimed his mother was aware of the monies being placed
into the joint account although his siblings were not. He said there was no
need to inform them of this because they knew the sale proceeds were for him
to buy a new property (NE 187).

58\. Pian Meng claimed that he used the $900,000 to pay expenses for the three
sons as well as Mdm Pang’s.

59\. He also claimed in para 57 of his AEIC that when Teck Hing found out that
Mdm Pang had given him the sale proceeds, Teck Hing asked him for $300,000 to
settle his gambling debts and he gave about $200,000 to Teck Hing. However, in
cross-examination, Pian Meng said that the $200,000 was an accumulated sum
given over various occasions and not when the request for $300,000 was made.
Also, the $200,000 was from both the sale proceeds and an overdraft from KPB
(NE 195 and 196).

60\. Pian Meng further said he used the balance of the sale proceeds to pay
his own gambling debts. However, he did not say exactly how much was used to
pay for expenses or gambling debts of others, and how much of his own. Neither
was he able to produce any documentary evidence to link the use of the sale
proceeds with any payment for any of the others’ expenses or gambling debts.

61\. I would add that in August 1998, before the completion of the sale of 30
MD on 31 August 1998, Mdm Pang had had a fall. I will elaborate on this later
when I deal with the medical evidence.

_**

MDM PANG’S MORTGAGE OF 64/64A SGW AND HER WILL DATED 3 NOVEMBER 1999

**_

62\. It is not disputed that in August 1999, Mdm Pang had had a second stroke.
A few months later, she executed a mortgage of 64/64A SGW on 3 November 1999
but the mortgage was dated 22 November 1999. She also executed her second Will
on 3 November 1999.

63\. Pian Meng alleged that Mdm Pang had intended to transfer 64/64A SGW to
him. It was mortgaged to KPB for about $500,000 for the Business. He
approached KTL for credit facilities. He could not remember whether he
approached KTL before or after Mdm Pang’s second stroke (NE 198 and 199).
However, he said the manager and assistant manager of KTL came to 64 SGW one
lunch-time and met up with him. Mdm Pang was not present but she was aware of
the meeting. He told the bank managers that Mdm Pang wanted to transfer 64/64A
SGW to him and it would be mortgaged to KTL for a loan (NE 198). The first
letter of offer from KTL to Pian Meng was dated 15 September 1999. The offer
was for an overdraft facility of $400,000 and a term loan of $1m. This was
because KTL considered the property to be worth $2m and was prepared to lend
70% of that figure.

64\. Pian Meng said he wanted to take a loan totalling $1.4m because, besides
the $500,000 owing to KPB, he was thinking of rebuilding the property. That
would cost $500,000 (NE 199). I think that what he meant was that the property
was to be renovated.

65\. As KTL had recommended to Pian Meng that Pian Meng and Mdm Pang see a
solicitor Ms Annie Yap of M/s Ng Yap & Partners, they did so. Ms Yap advised
that if Mdm Pang gave the property to Pian Meng, KTL would not take a mortgage
on the property. Presumably this was because KTL would be concerned that the
gift may be set aside if Mdm Pang were to become a bankrupt or that the
property might be subject to a charge for estate duty, depending on Mdm Pang’s
circumstances, should she pass away within a certain number of years.

66\. Ms Yap advised that Pian Meng buy the property from Mdm Pang. The
purchase price would be $2m. He would have to raise $200,000 as the deposit
and subsequently when the sale was completed, Mdm Pang could give the purchase
monies to Pian Meng.

67\. Subsequently, Mdm Pang and Pian Meng met Ms Yap again on 23 September
1999, this time to sign the Sale & Purchase Agreement. It was interpreted to
Mdm Pang in Hokkien by Ms Yap’s secretary Mandy Phang.

68\. According to Pian Meng, he had mentioned to Ms Yap on these two occasions
that his mother had suffered a stroke but he did not mention how many times
she had suffered a stroke. However Ms Yap did not suggest that a doctor’s
certificate be obtained before Mdm Pang signed the Sale & Purchase Agreement
(NE 203 and NE 205 to 206).

69\. As it turned out, Pian Meng could not raise the $200,000 for the initial
deposit. As for the $900,000 he had received from the sale proceeds of 30 MD
(in September 1998), he said that the three brothers had spent almost all of
it by then.

70\. After Pian Meng told Ms Yap that he could not raise the $200,000 for the
deposit, Ms Yap told him that he could not proceed with the purchase of 64/64A
SGW.

71\. Pian Meng alleged that he approached KTL again who suggested that he
borrow about $1.5m with Mdm Pang mortgaging 64/64A SGW to serve the loan. In
cross-examination, he said that he approached KTL for a loan to rebuild the
property (NE 207). However, that was not exactly what he had said in his AEIC.
In para 63 of his AEIC, he said the balance of the loan, after paying KPB,
would be used by him in the Business.

72\. Pian Meng then received a second letter of offer from KTL. It was dated 8
October 1999 and was for a total of $1.5m provided the property was valued at
$2.2m.

73\. Pian Meng alleged that Mdm Pang and he then went to see Ms Yap again.
This was on 3 November 1999 and by then, the mortgage and Mdm Pang’s second
Will had been prepared (NE 208). He had already spoken to Ms Yap on the
telephone about these two matters.

74\. Pian Meng alleged that after he could not proceed with the purchase of
the property, his mother had told him to instruct Ms Yap to prepare the second
Will (NE 209), which he did over the telephone. He alleged that Ms Yap had
asked him whether he had other siblings and he told her he had two elder
brothers and that his mother had made a Will in 1997, there was a certificate
from a doctor and an interpreter was present. Ms Yap then said that she too
would require a doctor’s certificate for Mdm Pang and asked for the name of
the interpreter which Pian Meng provided.

75\. On 3 November 1999, Pian Meng produced another medical certificate from
Dr P N Chong. It was also dated 3 November 1999 and was in similar, but not
identical, terms as his 21 October 1997 certificate. I will also cite the
terms of the second certificate later.

76\. The second Will also appointed Pian Meng as sole executor. However, it
was a bit more elaborate than the first Will. It specified that 64/64A SGW was
to be given to Pian Meng, whereas the first Will did not identify any specific
property. It also specified that $10 was to be given to each of his siblings,
whereas the first Will did not mention this $10 figure. The residue of Mdm
Pang’s estate was given to Pian Meng.

77\. Pian Meng said it was Ms Yap who had suggested the $10 gift to each of
his siblings since 64/64A SGW was to be given to Pian Meng under the second
Will (NE 210).

78\. He said the same interpreter, Loh Lim, was also present. Loh Lim
interpreted the second Will sentence by sentence to Mdm Pang (NE 212). The
execution of the second Will was witnessed by Ms Yap and her secretary, Ms
Phang. Loh Lim also interpreted the mortgage to Mdm Pang. Ms Yap then got him
to sign a note to confirm that he had explained a letter of offer from KTL
dated 8 October 1999 and the mortgage to Mdm Pang in Hainanese.

79\. Loh Lim also gave evidence in respect of the mortgage and the second
Will. He said he explained the second Will in layman’s language and made sure
that Mdm Pang understood what he had explained. He could not recall how she
responded (NE 223). He explained the gist of KTL’s second letter of offer
dated 8 October 1999 and the gist of the mortgage and its consequences to Mdm
Pang (NE 224 and 225). He agreed that he signed the note prepared by Ms Yap to
confirm that he had explained the letter of offer and mortgage to Mdm Pang. He
could not recall whether Mdm Pang had asked any question about the mortgage
(NE 225/226).

80\. Ms Yap also gave evidence for Pian Meng. It was Pian Meng who had called
her in late August or early September 1999 to say that Mdm Pang wanted to make
a gift of 64/64A SGW to him and he wanted to use the property to take a loan
from KTL. Ms Yap confirmed that she had advised that the property should not
be transferred to Pian Meng by way of gift if KTL was to take a mortgage on
it. She suggested a sale and purchase instead. In fact she had informed Pian
Meng of this over the telephone when he first contacted her (NE 232).

81\. Pian Meng and Mdm Pang came to see Ms Yap in early September 1999.
Although Mdm Pang spoke Hainanese, Ms Yap was able to speak to her in simple
Hokkien. The first thing that Mdm Pang said was that she wanted to give the
property to Pian Meng but she did not identify the address of the property.
When asked whether it was 64/64A SGW, she confirmed this (NE 232). Ms Yap
reiterated twice that Mdm Pang had said she wanted to give the property to
Pian Meng (NE 233).

82\. As regards the sale price, it was Pian Meng who suggested that it be $2m
(NE 236 line 21). She could not recall whether Pian Meng had mentioned in the
first meeting that Mdm Pang had suffered two strokes (NE 233). Mdm Pang did
not appear sick to her and was quite jovial (NE 234).

83\. The Sale & Purchase Agreement Ms Yap prepared had a provision for vacant
possession even though 64 SGW was being used for the Business and there was no
suggestion that 64A would necessarily be vacant. Ms Yap explained that she had
used the simplest form of a sale & purchase agreement because the transaction
was between mother and son. She did not explain to Mdm Pang that the sale was
with vacant possession.

84\. Ms Yap confirmed that the Sale & Purchase had to be aborted as Pian Meng
could not raise the $200,000 deposit. Thereafter, it was Pian Meng who called
her again in early October 1999. Pian Meng wanted to go ahead with taking a
loan from KTL and the property would be mortgaged by Mdm Pang to secure the
loan. It was also Pian Meng who mentioned that his mother wanted to make a new
Will as one of her properties (i.e 30 MD) had been sold and Mdm Pang wanted to
update the Will (NE 240). Subsequently, a copy of the first Will and the
earlier medical certificate of Dr P N Chong was provided to Ms Yap. Ms Yap
said it was she who asked for another medical certificate as a matter of
prudence even though Mdm Pang had appeared jovial to her in the first meeting.
She said that she also included the clause in the second Will about the $10
gift to each of the siblings because she had asked Mdm Pang whether there were
other children and Mdm Pang said she had two other sons. However, it was Pian
Meng who provided the names and particulars of the other two sons (NE 241 to
242).

85\. She confirmed the execution of the mortgage and the second Will by Mdm
Pang on 3 November 1999 and that she had asked Loh Lim to sign the note to
confirm that Mdm Pang understood the KTL letter of offer dated 8 October 1999
and the mortgage.

_**

HOW TECK KHONG AND TECK HING CAME TO LEARN ABOUT THE WILLS

**_

86\. It is not disputed that Pian Meng’s wife had had a quarrel with Pian Meng
in 1999. She then checked into a chalet. Feeling lonely, she called Anna (Teck
Hing’s wife) to join her. In the course of their conversation, she blurted out
the details of Mdm Pang’s Will or Wills (see Dr Kong Sim Guan’s report dated 8
January 2001 and Teck Khong’s evidence at NE 40 and 43).

87\. Pian Meng alleged that Teck Khong then went through Pian Meng’s drawers
at 47 Walmer Drive and discovered the two Wills. He alleged that Teck Khong
and Teck Hing then approached Mdm Pang to ask her to sell 64/64A SGW and give
the sale proceeds to Teck Khong and Teck Hing but Mdm Pang said it was not to
be sold as it was for Pian Meng. The conversation was allegedly in the
presence of Anna at 3 Cowdray Avenue but Anna was not called by either side to
give evidence.

88\. It is common ground that the Plaintiffs subsequently applied for an
inquiry on the question whether a Committee for Mdm Pang should be appointed
under the Act. The application was filed on 21 June 2000 in OS No 924 of 2000.
The Plaintiffs relied on the evidence of a psychiatrist Dr Francis Ngui. The
application was contested by Pian Meng on the ground that Mdm Pang’s mental
condition was not such as to justify the making of an order to appoint a
Committee. Pian Meng relied on the evidence of another psychiatrist Dr Kong
Sim Guan, also known as Dr Douglas Kong. The application was to be heard by me
and in view of the contest, I directed that the doctors were to attend and be
cross-examined and that Mdm Pang be brought to court.

89\. On the day of the hearing i.e 22 January 2001, I interviewed Mdm Pang for
about 15 minutes in the presence of the respective doctors and solicitors
before any person was to be cross-examined.

90\. Thereafter, Pian Meng’s Counsel, who was then Mr Koh Hai Keong, informed
me that Dr Kong was prepared to take the position that as of the date of the
hearing, a Committee should be appointed. As the application was no longer
contested, a Committee of Mdm Pang was appointed. As there was no dispute as
to who should be the members of the Committee, the Plaintiffs were appointed.

_**

SUMMARY OF RESPECTIVE POSITIONS ON MDM PANG’S CONDITION

**_

91\. The Plaintiffs’ position was that after the first stroke, Mdm Pang was
confused especially in the first few months after the stroke. She was also
very forgetful, noisy, stripping herself, seeing things, incontinent, had to
be fed, needed assistance walking because she was weak on one side of her body
and because of her partial blindness. She was knocking into things. Examples
of Mdm Pang’s poor memory were that she would forget that she had taken a
meal. She would have to be reminded to brush her teeth and take her bath. She
could not make much sense, apart from knowing the names of family members.

92\. Pian Meng’s position was that Mdm Pang’s condition was not as severe as
the Plaintiffs were making it out to be and that she recovered in October 1997
to a large extent to her original state. She was able to walk on her own and
go out to buy her lunch (NE 121, 168, 173 to 175). Even after her second
stroke, she would visit the karaoke pub, sit near the cashier’s counter and
chat with the regular customers (NE 123). However Teck Hing said she was not
doing anything at the cashier’s counter and she recognised only some old
customers without carrying on conversations (NE 126).

93\. Pian Meng’s position was that Mdm Pang was lucid at all material times
and what he did was on her instructions or with her concurrence. However he
also said that after the first stroke, Mdm Pang was more dependent on him (NE
175 to 176).

_**

THE MEDICAL EVIDENCE

**_

94\. Evidence was given by three medical practitioners for the trial of the
present action:

> > (a) Dr PN Chong, a neurologist, practising under the name of PN Chong
> Neurology Clinic. He has also written extensively.

> (b) Dr Kong Sim Guan (also known as Dr Douglas Kong), a consultant
> psychiatrist, practising under the name of Ang & Kong Psychiatric &
> Behavioural Medicine Clinic. He has also worked in the United Kingdom
> before. He has conducted numerous lectures and written quite extensively.
>
> (c) Dr Francis Ngui, a consultant psychiatrist at Woodbridge Hospital and
> then at Changi General Hospital. He also worked in Australia before
> Singapore and has written some papers.

Dr PN Chong and Dr Kong were witnesses for Pian Meng and Dr Ngui was a witness
for the Plaintiffs.

_**

Dr PN Chong and Dr Kong

**_

95\. As I have said, it is not disputed that Mdm Pang had had her first stroke
on 16 August 1997. This affected her right occipital lobe, which in turn
affected her vision. On 19 August 1997, she was brought to see a Dr Gordon Ku
for her other ailments. Dr Ku referred her to see Dr PN Chong.

96\. Dr PN Chong was informed that on 17 August 1997, Mdm Pang was talking
‘wrongly to wrong person’. On 18 August 1997, she was walking in an unsteady
manner. Her speech was repetitive. After giving money to a taxi driver, she
was telling the taxi driver her age and cried. She was worried that she would
not see her grandson walk and was afraid to be alone (see Exhibit D1).

97\. However, when Dr PN Chong examined her on 19 August 1997, he found her to
‘be rational, conscious, alert, orientated as to time, space and person’. Her
memory was okay. There was a bit of impairment of movement of the limbs on the
right side. She could not see things on the left side. Her sensory function
was okay.

98\. He gave instructions for a scan to be done and saw her the next day on 20
August 1997. The scan revealed a lacunar infarct i.e a blood clot.

99\. He reviewed her on 15 September 1997. She was okay except that she was
occasionally talking a bit of rubbish. In cross-examination, Dr PN Chong said
the reason why Mdm Pang talked rubbish occasionally was because she was
confused.

100\. Dr PN Chong also said that the confusion had a lot to do with the fact
that suddenly she could not see so well as a result of the first stroke, which
affected her right occipital lobe. Hence, he was not too perturbed (NE 93).
However, he also said that if he had seen her on one of those days when she
talked rubbish, he would have concluded that she was confused and that she
would not have been able to exercise legal judgment (NE 142).

101\. He saw her again on 21 October 1997. He recalled that Pian Meng had
accompanied her. This was the visit to him to obtain the certificate for Mdm
Pang’s execution of her first Will. This was not a scheduled appointment as he
was supposed to see Mdm Pang later.

102\. In oral examination-in-chief, Dr PN Chong said, at NE 83:

> > ‘Q What was your opinion then?

> > A On 21 October 1997, Defendant brought Mdm Pang to see me as stated in
> para 6 of AEIC. When I saw her I found her rational, conscious, alert,
> orientated as to time, space and person. I did not state in my notes whether
> she wanted to do a will but I recollect that that was indeed what she wanted
> to do. _This was in the context of a busy clinic and the Defendant asked if
> I could write a letter immediately_. So I wrote a summary in p.20, of my
> AEIC, of what I thought about her mental capacity at the time.’

> [Emphasis added.]

103\. In cross-examination, Dr PN Chong said he did carry out some tests on
Mdm Pang before he issued the certificate. By that, he meant he measured her
blood pressure and examined her visual field (NE 95 and 96). He said he also
carried out other tests on her cognitive abilities and this was written in his
certificate of 21 October 1997. However his certificate was quite brief. It
stated:

> ‘Whom It May Concern
>
> RE: PANG JONG WAN NRIC SD 0854224
>
> This is to certify that Mdm Pang suffered a stroke in August 1997 resulting
> in a partial visual disturbance. However this did not affect her cognitive
> abilities at all. She is in full command of her mental faculties and is able
> to understand and execute matters relating to the will. Please do not
> hesitate to contact me if you need further information.’

104\. Dr PN Chong said that it was the Defendant who told him that Mdm Pang
wanted to make a Will. He could not remember whether he had asked Mdm Pang
about it but, based on logic, he thought he would have asked her about it (NE
94).

105\. The next time Dr PN Chong saw Mdm Pang was 8 December 1997. It was Pian
Meng, and not Mdm Pang, who informed him that problems with the Will had been
sorted out (NE 131). Dr PN Chong’s case notes stated Mdm Pang was well, no
complaints. She was smiling.

106\. He saw her again on 6 March 1998 and 4 June 1998. Thereafter, the next
appointment was in three months’ time i.e in early September 1998.

107\. However, Mdm Pang was brought to see Dr PN Chong earlier i.e on 21
August 1998. This was because she had had a fall which caused a swelling on
the right side of her head. His later case notes described it as a ‘Ba-Lu-Ku’.

108\. According to Dr PN Chong, ten days later, on 31 August 1998, Mdm Pang’s
condition had deteriorated (NE 134). However according to his case notes
(Exhibit D1), the information on her deterioration like: loss of urine
control, walking poor, left leg weak, pertained to 28 and 29 August 1998
because on the day before 31 August and on 31 August 1998 itself, she was
okay. In any event, because she had deteriorated in late August 1998, he did a
scan on 31 August 1998\. The scan showed that she had bled from the brain
because of the fall. She had a subdural haematoma.

109\. Dr PN Chong saw Mdm Pang again on 5 October 1998. He noted there was no
more ‘Ba-Lu-Ku’. He repeated the scan. The subdural haematoma had been
resolved.

110\. On 16 October 1998, Pian Meng brought Mdm Pang to see Dr Kong because
Mdm Pang frequently awoke and her memory had deteriorated (NE 85 and 217).
This was her first visit to see Dr Kong. Dr Kong had been treating Pian Meng’s
wife for post-natal problems. Although the haematoma caused by the August 1998
fall had been absorbed, Dr Kong’s observation of Mdm Pang on 16 October 1998
was that she was mildly confused. He also said she was not able to carry on a
meaningful conversation. She was disoriented as to time and place. She was
restless (NE 249). There was right hemiplegia meaning she was half paralysed
(NE 248). His case notes stated that cognitive tests were impaired. This meant
that Mdm Pang could not complete the tests (NE 250). He gave her Melleril and
Fluanxol to clear her confused state of mind (NE 251).

111\. The information given by Pian Meng to Dr Kong about Mdm Pang was:

> > ‘… can’t sleep, wake up in night, goes to toilet, went to living room,
> talk nonsense, dreams. Dreamed about late husband, daytime excited.’

> [Exhibit D8]

112\. On 6 November 1998, Dr Kong saw Mdm Pang a second time. Her confusion
had cleared. She had improved but not totally (NE 251). Dr Kong encouraged
Pian Meng to ensure that Mdm Pang was on regular medication. On 25 November
1998, Dr Kong saw Mdm Pang again. She was stable. On 3 February 1999, he was
told that she was confused because her medication had been stopped as Pian
Meng was afraid that she would be weakened by it. On 10 March 1999, she
appeared okay (Exhibit D8).

113\. In the meantime, on 4 January 1999, Mdm Pang was seen by Dr PN Chong. He
was told by Pian Meng that she awoke frequently. Her memory had deteriorated.
I note that these were the same reasons for bringing Mdm Pang to see Dr Kong
in October 1998 (see para 110 above). Mdm Pang’s body on 4 January 1999 was
rigid, meaning, the muscle tone was stiff but her movement was not bad (NE
85). Dr PN Chong advised that the dosage of Melleril be reduced as Mdm Pang
was too tired.

114\. Dr PN Chong summarised the next three visits of Mdm Pang on 22 February,
5 May and 25 June 1999 as follows: ‘Patient was still physically frail and
mentally poor. Poor memory. Incontinent during this period. This was a bad
patch’ (NE 85 line 13 to 15).

115\. On 30 August 1999, he saw her again. He wrote ‘deteriorate’ with an
exclamation mark. She looked very frail and he was told that she had to be fed
(NE 85 line 16 and 17). He repeated a scan and saw her again on 31 August
1999. He found that she had suffered a second stroke (NE 85 line 18).

116\. When he saw Mdm Pang again on 3 November 1999, her condition had
improved. His case notes read, ‘Mentally Ok’. However he said, ‘I must
emphasize that I am looking at the patient as a neurologist and not as a
psychiatrist’ (NE 85). When he was asked what the difference was, he said, at
NE 89:

> ‘My priority is to diagnose the patient’s neurological problem, try to
> prevent deterioration and try to prevent outcome.  _Sometimes there can be
> very subtle psychiatric damage effect_. I am _not_ qualified to give an
> opinion on that. If brought to my attention, I will refer to a
> _psychiatrist_. _If there were obvious deficits, I would have observed
> them_.’
>
> [Emphasis added.]

117\. There was a time stamp for this visit and handwritten notes by Dr PN
Chong’s staff as to when Mdm Pang went in and out of his room. She was there
for about half an hour.

118\. As I have mentioned, 3 November 1999 was the date when Pian Meng had
asked for a second certificate from Dr PN Chong. His second certificate was in
similar, but not identical, terms to his first. I underscore the main
differences below:

> ‘3 November 1999
>
> Whom it may concern
>
> RE: PANG JONG WAN NRIC SD 0854224
>
> This is to certify that Mdm Pang suffered a stroke in August 1997 _and again
> in August 1999_. This had resulted in a partial visual loss. however this
> did not cause a problem in her cognitive abilities. She is in full command
> of her mental faculties and is mentally capable of executing judgment in
> _legal matters_. Please call me if there are any further queries.’

119\. Although Dr PN Chong said that Pian Meng had only mentioned a Will for
the second certificate (NE 138 line 4), I am of the view that Pian Meng must
have mentioned the mortgage or legal documents generally. That is why the
second certificate is couched in different terms.

120\. On this occasion, Dr PN Chong did not check with Mdm Pang as to whether
she needed such a certificate (NE 139 line 17/18). His tests on that day were
routine and took about five to ten minutes (NE 139 line 20 to NE 140 line 2).

121\. In Dr PN Chong’s opinion, Mdm Pang had started to improve again from 3
November 1999 (NE 136 line 5).

122\. He saw her on another three occasions between 20 November 1999 to 15 May
2000 and also prescribed medication on three other occasions within that
period, without having to examine her. There was no marked change in Mdm
Pang’s mental condition from that on 3 November 1999. In February 2000, Mdm
Pang had another serious fall and had to be warded. Thereafter she stayed with
Teck Hing and his family.

123\. On the other hand, according to Dr Kong’s evidence, Mdm Pang had
maintained well until towards the end of 1999 when she was reportedly more
severe than usual (AEIC para 7). In cross-examination, Dr Kong elaborated, at
NE 254:

> ‘Q AEIC para 7, "reportedly more severe than usual". Do you mean her
> condition had deteriorated?
>
> A That was in December 1999. She was more confused after 16 December 1999.
> For 16 December 1999, she was reported as OK and the prescription was
> continued. There was a phone conversation followed by a visit to my clinic
> because she was quite confused. That was then I advised the Defendant that
> Mdm Pang may well need the maximum dosage of Melleril i.e 150mg for each
> dose.’

124\. Dr Kong also clarified that it was Pian Meng who called him (NE 254 line
11) and Mdm Pang probably did not turn up on 16 December 1999 (NE 253 line 7
and 8). It was Pian Meng who turned up to collect the medicine.

125\. From Dr Kong’s elaboration and clarification, I am of the view that Mdm
Pang’s condition had deteriorated from, and not after, 16 December 1999.

126\. I would add that I have learned that Mdm Pang was seen by Dr Kong’s
colleague Dr Peh Lai Huat on 9 December 1999 i.e seven days earlier but as no
evidence was given by Dr Peh, I will disregard that visit.

127\. Mdm Pang was given some more medication on 7 January 2000. Dr Kong’s
evidence was that this was because she was confused (NE 255).

128\. Therefore, although Mdm Pang appeared to have improved and remained
stable between 3 November 1999 to 15 May 2000, according to Dr PN Chong’s
evidence, she deteriorated between 16 December 1999 to 7 January 2000,
according to Dr Kong’s evidence.

129\. After 15 May 2000, Dr PN Chong examined Mdm Pang on 4 September 2000. He
observed her to be looking very good and she was smiling (Exhibit D1, p 8). By
then, the Plaintiffs had already applied to have a committee appointed for Mdm
Pang under the Act and Dr PN Chong was aware that there was litigation (NE 256
line 2).

130\. However, Dr PN Chong must have been told that there was a dispute over
Mdm Pang’s Will as he said that he referred Mdm Pang to Dr Kong for a full
psychiatric assessment because of such a dispute (NE 86 line 1 to 3). As I
have mentioned, Mdm Pang was already being treated by Dr Kong by then (see
para 110).

131\. Dr Kong examined Mdm Pang on 5 September 2000. From his case notes, he
was also apparently told that there was a dispute about Mdm Pang’s
testamentary capacity.

132\. Dr Kong’s recollection was that Mdm Pang was fairly lucid on 5 September
2000 although she may have been somewhat tense (NE 256 line 17/18). His case
notes indicated that she was able to provide him with some information.
However he did not examine her in detail as he wanted a Hainanese interpreter
to be present. In the meantime, he also sought an assessment of Mdm Pang by a
clinical psychologist.

133\. On 6 September 2000, Dr PN Chong examined Mdm Pang. There was no
dramatic change.

134\. On 26 September 2000, she was examined again by Dr PN Chong. He observed
her to be smiling and this time he made a note with asterisks that she was
looking excellent. Mdm Pang also informed him that she wanted to stay with
Pian Meng.

135\. On 14 October 2000, the other children and Anna (instead of Pian Meng)
brought Mdm Pang to see Dr PN Chong. She had bruises on her forearm. On the
same day, they also brought Mdm Pang to see Dr Kong. Dr Kong noted that
although she appeared to recognise him from her wink and smile, she denied
knowing him when Anna asked her whether she recognised Dr Kong (NE 264 and Dr
Kong’s AEIC p 18).

136\. On 21 October 2000, Mdm Pang saw Dr PN Chong again because she had
fallen. She had a bump on her head.

137\. The assessment of Mdm Pang by a clinical psychologist Mr Yam was done on
13 November 2000.

138\. After that, the examination of Mdm Pang by Dr Kong, with the aid of a
Hainanese interpreter, was on 26 December 2000. Pian Meng and his wife were
interviewed separately on 29 December 2000.

139\. Both the assessment of Mdm Pang by Mr Yam (on 13 November 2000) and the
examination by Dr Kong (on 26 December 2000) are summarised in Dr Kong’s
report dated 8 January 2001, which also contained Dr Kong’s opinion. I cite
from his report:

> ‘**Examination of the patient**

> Mdm Pang was examined with the assistance of a Hainanese interpreter. She
> was unsteady with her gait and her attention was variable at times and she
> appeared tired and tense somewhat. She entered my consulting room as she
> used to coming straight towards me with support and aid from her youngest
> son. She was able to give a simple account of herself, her two brothers, one
> of whom had died, and gave the date of her Chinese birthday. She could
> recall that her husband died when he was 61 years of age and she was 57
> years. She was disorientated to time but remember coming to my clinic to see
> me for treatment. She was able to state that she had a shophouse in her name
> in Serangoon Gardens called Canberra and that she wanted the shophouse to be
> taken over by her youngest son, Pian Meng.

> She now wanted to stay with her youngest son and she indicated that she was
> close to her youngest son emotionally. When tested cognitively, she failed
> all but the simplest of tests. She was given a hypothetical question of
> having 3 properties and what she would do with it and without hesitation,
> she said she would give it all to her youngest son. When asked why she would
> not give to her two other sons, she replied that she had no property so she
> could not give it to them. When asked why she would give to her youngest
> son, she replied that her youngest son treated her better and had been
> taking care of her, while her other two son would only see and visit her.

> Asked about her stay with her second son, she said that her two other sons
> kept telling her that she is mad. She could not understand why. She denied
> that she was mad in any way. She said that she would want to give the
> business to her youngest son and in fact he was already running it after she
> had run the business for more than 10 years prior to him taking over. She
> could not remember making a will, but if she did she will give it to her
> third son. She openly acknowledge that her favourite son was the youngest.
> She could still (_sic_) recognized relatives and friends at family gathering
> and functions.

**

Psychometric assessment

** [This is the assessment by Mr Yam]

> The psychometric assessment was carried out with the Weschler Adult
> Intelligence Scale-III (WAIS).

> Results indicated that her scores on all subtests were markedly impaired.
> She had difficulty maintaining attention and concentration. There were
> indications of recent and remote memory impairment, difficulties in verbal
> comprehension and reasoning. Her intellectual functioning is likely to be in
> the intellectually deficient range ie below 69.

**

Opinion

**

> In my opinion, Mdm Pang did indeed suffer from a Dementia with deficits in
> her cognitive, memory and executive functioning. However, she remained alert
> and was able to maintain a simple but coherent and meaningful conversation.
> In the assessment of testamentary capacity, a person has to know the extent
> of their property, the claimants to her property and her decisions as to the
> claimants’ share and the reasons for it. When these are simple, a person who
> is alert and coherent is able to make simple decisions on them and such
> decisions are valid so long as the person concerned is able to give a
> logical reason to it. It would appear to me that Mdm Pang passed the test of
> Testamentary Capacity on this count. To her, what she had was the family
> business at Canberra. She consistently had made it clear that she wanted her
> youngest son to take it over completely and she was able to state the reason
> why. The simplicity of her reasoning was clear and logical and therefore
> inspite of her Dementia, her ability to decide on this matter is valid. That
> is to say, her decision to gift the shophouse and its business to her
> youngest and favourite son as expressed in her actions prior to her stroke
> and in her will as well as in her various interviews with me is unambiguous
> and clear. She also indicated her desire to stay with her youngest son and
> expressed fondness for them and missing his family. It is clearly a
> reflection of her desire and intention.’

Of course, Dr Kong had no personal knowledge as to what Mdm Pang’s actions
prior to the first stroke were.

_**

Dr Francis Ngui

**_

140\. Dr Francis Ngui examined Mdm Pang on 22 March 2000 i.e about 4 months
after she executed the mortgage on 64/64A SGW and her second Will. He was
given adverse information about Mdm Pang’s condition by Teck Hing and Anna who
brought Mdm Pang’s brain scan reports and previous medication for his
consideration. Dr Ngui carried out a detailed examination of Mdm Pang. His
case notes show that Mdm Pang could not even do simple arithmetic:

| ‘$100 - $7 | = | $70  
---|---|---|---  
| 90 - 7 | = | gave up  
| $20 - $3 | = | $70  
| 20 - 3 | = | 20 (second attempt)  
| $1 - $2.50 | = | $2.50  
| 7 + 5  | = | ?’  
  
141\. I state below other extracts from his case notes for the examination of
Mdm Pang on 22 March 2000:

> > ‘**A VERBATIM RECORD OF CONVERSATION WITH PATIENT AND DOCTOR’S COMMENTS**

> **….**
>
> Says she used to own a home which she rented to a Japanese Co.
>
> Doesn’t know what happened to it.
>
> Thinks maybe she still owns.
>
> Can’t remember selling it.
>
> Doesn’t want to sell her current property.
>
> Doesn’t recall signing any document to mortgage her current property.
>
> **MENTAL STATE EXAMINATION**
>
> ….
>
> Thought Processes

> > > > Relevant, doesn’t want to sell her ‘Canberra’ Shop. Wants to keep it
> for herself. Doesn’t want to sell. Will give it to 3 children and
> grandchildren equally.’
>
> **
>
> SUMMARY AND FORMULATION
>
> **
>
> ….
>
> In Nov 99, had allowed her property to be mortgaged for a loan to 3rd son
> worth $1.5m.
>
> MSE

> > > [meaning, mental state examination] - Shows memory & cognitive deficits,
> acalculia [meaning, inability to calculate] - however knows the extent of
> her estate & her potential benefactors.

> **PROVISIONAL DIAGNOSIS:**

> Currently, fit to sign legal documents pertaining to testamentary capacity.
> However, may have difficulty managing affairs in view of acalculia.
>
> **
>
> MANAGEMENT (_sic_) PLAIN:
>
> **
>
> Refer psychologist for neuropsych testing.
>
> Open date
>
> To write MR [meaning, medical report] when neuropsych testing completed.’

142\. I note that while Mdm Pang was being examined by Dr Kong, she said she
would give the Business and 64/64A SGW to Pian Meng. While she was being
examined by Dr Ngui, she said she would give it to her three children equally.

143\. The assessment by a clinical psychologist was done by Mr Christopher
Choo on 29 March 2000. On the same day, Anna spoke again to Dr Ngui. Dr Ngui’s
case note on that day (P6) shows:

> (at page 10)
>
> ‘29th March 2000 - _c/w [meaning, conversation with] 2 nd DIL [meaning,
> daughter-in-law]_
>

>> > > showed a copy of the mortgage documents which pt [meaning, patient]
thumbprinted on 22nd November 1999. DIL says that at that time, pt was even
more confused than currently.’

>
> (at page 11)
>
> ‘DIL says she went to see Dr P.N. Chong in February 2000 and says that Dr
> P.N. Chong told them he made a mistake when he certified that pt was fit to
> sign legal documents.’
>
> Dr Ngui then noted down further information from the daughter-in-law and
> noted six lines from the bottom (of p 11):
>
> ‘P: Probably not fit to sign legal documents.’

144\. Dr Ngui said he changed his provisional diagnosis after the results of
Mr Choo’s assessment was known. Hence, his report dated 13 April 2000 stated:

> > ‘9. On mental state examination, Mdm Pang spoke in the Hainanese dialect.
> She remained calm and was relevant to questions. However, she displayed
> evidence of cognitive problems affecting her memory, orientation, arithmetic
> skills and general knowledge and was unable to describe the extent of her
> personal estate. She also lacked insight into her memory difficulties. There
> were no features of depression or psychosis.

> 10\. Our clinical psychologist Mr Christopher Choo performed a formal
> neuropsychological assessment on 29 Mar 2000. The following results were
> found: In the _Clifton Assessment Procedures for the Elderly_ , she scored 3
> out of 12; Using _Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (Revised)_ , she
> obtained a verbal IQ of 61, placing her within the mildly mentally retarded
> range, strongly suggesting a significant lowering of her intelligence from
> her premorbid level. The _Kendrick Object Learning Test_ showed severe
> impairment in her memory function with her raw score of 8 falling within the
> range of patients suffering from dementia. Using the _CAPE Behaviour Rating
> Scale_ , her functioning was assessed to be severely impaired.

> 11\. In summary, the findings of her mental state and the neuropsychological
> assessment indicate that she suffers from dementia. It is highly likely that
> she was in a more confused state during the periods following her strokes in
> August 1997 and August 1999.

> 12\. Based on the information available, she is currently mentally unfit to
> sign legal documents pertaining to her estate and is unfit to manage her
> affairs. In my opinion, it is likely that she was mentally unfit to manage
> her personal affairs from the time of her second stroke in August 1999.’

145\. Dr Ngui examined Mdm Pang on a few more occasions which are not material
for the present litigation. I now come to the examination on 10 January 2001.
His case notes for that day were as follows:

> ‘Pt [meaning, Patient]

> \- Cheerful

> misidentified Dr as lawyer

> feels nothing wrong with herself

> Don’t need to see Dr

> Says no problem with memory
>
> bp 160/80 Denies seeing lawyer recently

> Thinks she has 2 properties but can’t give details

> (actually pt has only 1 shophouse in her name in Serangoon Garden)

> Denies giving any of her properties to son to sell off

> Has 3 sons & 2 grandsons no Granddaughter

> (actually has 2 G’son & 4 G’daugthers)

> Says she will divide her property equally among her sons if she has to will
> it away.

> Day? Date? Month? Yr?’

146\. Dr Ngui then provided a report dated 15 January 2001. The material part
of this report stated:

> ‘2. Mdm Pang continues to be on regular outpatient follow-up here. She was
> last reviewed on 10 Jan 2001. Her cognitive functions remain impaired
> without further improvement. She was disoriented to time and had significant
> memory deficits. She was unable to determine how large her family was. In my
> opinion, Mdm Pang is a mentally disordered person, and is of unsound mind in
> accordance to the Mental Disorders and Treatment Act (Chapter 178), and is
> incapable of managing her affairs.’

147\. On 21 February 2001, Dr Ngui examined Mdm Pang again. She could carry on
a social conversation, was cheerful and smiled easily. However she
confabulated, meaning she provided information which was untrue but which she
believed to be true. She said she slept well contrary to the information
provided by Anna (Exhibit P6, p 15).

148\. On 23 March 2001, she still appeared cheerful and could carry on a
simple social conversation. She said she slept well and, according to Anna,
she could sleep with medicine/treatment (Exhibit P6, p16).

149\. During cross-examination, Dr Ngui’s opinion was that at the time when
Mdm Pang signed her second Will (and the mortgage) on 3 November 1999, she was
of unsound mind. He was of the same view in respect of her mental capacity
when she signed her first Will on 22 October 1997 but was less confident about
that view because of the lapse of time between 22 October 1997 and the time he
first examined her on 22 March 2000.

150\. He testified that when Mdm Pang suffered her first stroke, her right
occipital lobe was affected. The right occipital lobe affects her vision
whereas the frontal lobes affect her executive functions like planning,
decision making and organisation. He was of the view that the right occipital
lobe may involve cognitive functions although he accepted that this was
debatable (NE 65). He said it depended on the extent of the damage and he
noted that the size of the infarct in Mdm Pang’s case i.e the blood clot, was
large.

151\. He also noted that there was evidence of ischaemia in the peri-
ventricular matter. He elaborated on this at NE 54 to 55 as follows:

> > ‘Q Your reference to the past medical history refers to 2 areas i.e recent
> large infarct in brain involving the right occipital lobe and secondly
> evidence of ischaemia in the peri-ventricular white matter. Please elaborate
> on the second.
>>

>> A The peri-ventricular white matter is the deep white matter with nerve
fibres extending to the frontal lobes. It is above the brain stem and is like
in the centre of the brain. Ischaemia signifies a reduction in the blood
supply to that area. When there is reduction in blood supply, there is damage
to nerve pathways leading to the frontal lobe. Result would be impairment of
the executive functions I have mentioned i.e decision making, organisation,
judgment.’

152\. He was of the opinion that Mdm Pang had periods of confusion
interspersed with periods of lucidity (NE 64). He accepted Dr PN Chong’s
observation of Mdm Pang on 21 October 1997 but was of the view that this may
have been during one of Mdm Pang’s lucid intervals. He was of the view that
Mdm Pang’s disorientation immediately after the first stroke would not have
cleared up in the two to three months thereafter.

153\. He stressed that after Mdm Pang’s second stroke in August 1999, there
was cumulative damage (NE 59 line 9 and NE 66 line 20/21). He was of the view
that she was consistently disorganised from then to the time he saw her on 22
March 2000 (NE 66 line 6). He said it was unlikely that there was a sudden
improvement , in between, on 3 November 1999, when Dr PN Chong examined her
and issued his second certificate (NE 66 line 7 to 9).

154\. He expressed concern a few times that Mdm Pang would be vulnerable to
being unduly influenced (see NE 58 line 6 and NE 64 line 17/18).

_**

Dr PN Chong’s and Dr Kong’s responses to Dr Ngui’s opinion

**_

155\. Dr PN Chong disagreed with much of Dr Ngui’s opinion. He was of the view
that the damage to Mdm Pang’s right occipital lobe did not affect her
cognitive ability. He was also of the view that the ischaemia in the peri-
ventricular white matter was commonly seen in the elderly (NE 90 line 21). He
said this ‘may have no effect whatsoever’ (NE 90 line 24) and then went on to
say that in the case of Mdm Pang, her problem then was the occipital lobe and
not the peri-ventricular matter which was an existing situation (NE 91 line 1
to 8). He noted that prior to the first stroke, there was no complaint about
Mdm Pang’s mental capacity (NE 91 line 7 to 12). He was of the view that Mdm
Pang’s confusion related to her loss of vision but did not affect her
cognitive ability (NE 93 line 10 to 19).

156\. Dr PN Chong’s evidence was that her mental condition was unlikely to
have changed between 21 October 1997, when he issued the first certificate,
and 22 October 1997, when Mdm Pang executed her first Will. However, he
accepted that after the first stroke, Mdm Pang had lucid moments and
disorientated moments (NE 97).

157\. As for the second stroke, Dr PN Chong was of the view that while it
increased Mdm Pang’s visual disturbance, it again did not affect her cognitive
functions (Dr PN Chong’s AEIC para 8).

158\. As for her condition on 3 November 1999, Dr PN Chong maintained his
observation of her that day.

159\. He stressed that Dr Ngui had based his opinion very much on second-hand
information (NE 142 line 1), meaning the information from members of the
family since Dr Ngui had not seen Mdm Pang at the crucial times. He said that
Dr Ngui was not a neurologist and did not manage stroke patients (NE 141), but
this was not correct because Dr Ngui had considerable experience in dealing
with stroke patients (NE 59). Dr PN Chong even went so far as to point out
that as regards the assessment by Mr Choo, the psychologist reporting to Dr
Ngui, Mdm Pang’s score on the Cape Behaviour Rating Scale, ‘was really bad but
this was information given by the Plaintiffs’ (NE 145 line 23). However, I
note that the overall assessment of Mdm Pang by Mr Yam, the psychologist
reporting to Dr Kong, was equally poor.

160\. As for Dr Kong, he sought to disagree with Dr Ngui’s conclusion in a
more limited manner. He was prepared to accept that Mdm Pang was not fit to
sign legal documents if they were complex but he was of the view that she was
fit to sign a simple Will (NE 247). He thought that the latter was a specific
assessment which Dr Ngui did not carry out (NE 247 line 10/11). However, he
also accepted that Mdm Pang had periods of confusion and periods of lucidity
(NE 267 line 7). Both he and Dr PN Chong pointed out that Dr Ngui’s own
provisional diagnosis was that Mdm Pang was fit to sign documents pertaining
to testamentary capacity (NE 248 line 8 and NE 145 line 16 to 18).

161\. As for undue influence, Dr PN Chong declined to venture an opinion
thereon because he said he did not know the family and the dynamics (NE 145
line 12 to 15). On the other hand, Dr Kong accepted that Mdm Pang was
vulnerable to being unduly influenced by whichever of her sons she happened to
be with. Indeed, that was the very reason why, when he examined her on 26
December 2000 for the purpose of the application under the Act, he saw her
alone with the interpreter (NE 265 line 14 to 22). He drew support for this
conclusion from a visit on 14 October 2000 by Mdm Pang when she was
accompanied by the Plaintiffs and Teck Hing’s wife, Anna. He said that from
Mdm Pang’s facial expression, her smile and her wink, he concluded that Mdm
Pang had recognised him. Yet when Anna asked Mdm Pang whether she recognised
Dr Kong, there was a slight pause before she answered ‘No’. However, Dr Kong
also went on to say that Mdm Pang had a tendency of saying ‘No’ in other
interviews when she wanted to evade or avoid something (NE 264).

_**

THE LAW

**_

162\. In _R Mahendran & Anor v R Arumuganathan _[1999] 2 SLR 579, Karthigesu
JA said:

> > ‘15. It is a well settled principle of law stated as far back as 1838 by
> Baron Parke in _Barry v Butlin_ [1838] 2 Moo 480 at 482 and 484; 12 ER 1089
> that the legal burden of propounding a will, the onus probandi lies in every
> case upon the party propounding the will, and he must satisfy the conscience
> of the court that the instrument so propounded is the last will of a free
> and capable Testator. … it is in general discharged by proof of capacity,
> and the fact of execution, from which the knowledge of and assent to the
> contents of the instrument are assumed. The proposition is framed by
> Theobald on Wills (15th Ed) at pp 35 to 38 in these terms:
>>

>>> _**

>>>

>>> Burden of proof.

>>>

>>> ** The legal (or persuasive) burden of proof always lies upon the person
propounding a will to prove that the testator knew and approved of its
contents at the relevant time. He must ‘satisfy the conscience of the court
that the instrument so propounded is the last will of a free and capable
testator’._ _

>>>

>>> (a) Presumption in ordinary circumstances. On proof that the testator was
of testamentary capacity and that he duly executed the will, in ordinary
circumstances, a rebuttable presumption arises that he knew and approved of
its contents at the time of execution. The evidential burden of proof then
shifts to the person opposing the will to rebut this presumption. If he does
so, or if due to the particular circumstances the presumption is not
applicable, the person propounding the will must produce affirmative proof of
the testator’s knowledge and approval so as to satisfy the legal burden of
proof.

>>>

>>> _

_

(b) …

> > (c) Suspicious circumstances. If a will was prepared and executed under
> circumstances which raise a well-grounded suspicion that the will (or some
> provision in it, such as the residuary gift) did not express the mind of the
> testator, the will (or that provision) is not admissible to probate unless
> that suspicion is removed by affirmative proof of the testator’s knowledge
> and approval. A classic instance of suspicious circumstances is where the
> will was prepared by a person who takes a substantial benefit under it.
> Another instance is where a person was active in procuring the execution of
> a will under which he takes a substantial benefit, for instance, suggesting
> the terms of the will to the testator and instructing a solicitor chosen by
> that person.

> > However circumstances can only raise a suspicion of want of knowledge and
> approval if they are ‘circumstances attending, or at least relevant to, the
> preparation and execution of the will itself’.

> > **
>>

>> Affirmative proof of knowledge and approval.

>>

>> ** Affirmative proof of the testator’s knowledge and approval must be
strong enough to satisfy the court in the particular circumstances. The
greater the degree of suspicion, the stronger must be the affirmative proof to
remove it. The suspicion ‘may be slight and easily dispelled. It may … be so
grave that it can hardly be removed’

_ _.__

> One form of affirmative proof is to establish that the will was read over
> by, or to, the testator when he executed it. … Another form of affirmative
> proof is to establish that the testator gave instructions for his will and
> that the will was drafted in accordance with those instructions.’

_

163\. As for undue influence, I refer to the judgment of Justice Goh Joon Seng
in _Pelican Engineering Pte Ltd v Lim Wee Chuan_ [2001] 1 SLR 105 where he
said:

> ‘My decision
>
> 32 On what is ‘undue influence’, LP Thean JA in _Lim Geok Hian v Lim Guan
> Chin_ [1994] 1 SLR 203 at 216 stated:
>

>> Undue influence is the unconscientious use of one’s power or authority over
another to acquire a benefit or to achieve a purpose. _Allcard v Skinner_
(1887) 36 Ch D 145 established that cases of undue influence fall into two
categories: first, cases where actual influence has been proved to have been
exercised, and second, cases where, by virtue of a particular relationship
between the parties, the court presumes that undue influence has been
exercised unless the contrary is proved.

> 33 Judith Prakash J in _Rajabali Jumabhoy v Ameerali R Jumabhoy_ [1997] 3
> SLR 802 at 855 stated:

> > It is not enough to set aside a contract that one party tried to influence
> the other to enter it. There must be something wrong in the way that the
> influence was exercised, ie some unfair or improper conduct, some coercion
> or some form of misleading.

> 34 On actual undue influence, Judith Prakash J in the _Jumabhoy_ case at p
> 855 stated:

> In order to establish a plea of actual undue influence, a plaintiff must
> show that:
>

>> (a) the other party to the transaction (or someone who induced the
transaction for his own benefit) had the capacity to influence the
complainant;

> > (b) that the influence is exercised;
>>

>> (c) that its exercise was undue; and

>>

>> (d) that its exercise brought about the transaction.’

164\. Justice Goh also said:

> ‘53 On the plaintiffs’ case based on presumed undue influence, the dicta of
> Judith Prakash J in the _Jumabhoy_ case at p 854 is instructive:
>

>> To succeed under the ‘presumed undue influence’ category, the following
elements need to be proved:

>>

>> (a) the existence of a particular relationship which enabled one party to
it to influence the decisions of the other;

>>

>> (b) that the resulting transaction was manifestly disadvantageous to the
person subject to the influence.

>

>> Upon proof of the above elements, the burden shifts to the defendant to
prove that no undue influence had been exercised. The presumption can only be
rebutted by showing that the ascendant party did not abuse his position and
that the subservient party understood what he was doing and was in a position
to exercise a free judgment based on full information.’

165\. The Law of Wills by Hardingham Neave Ford states at p 51:

> > ‘**[311 Undue influence: what is it?__** The essential element of undue
> influence is, in this context, coercion. Persuasion or influence or
> importunity is not sufficient ….
>>

>> It is worth citing two passages by way of judicial explanation of the
meaning of the concept of undue influence, the first from Sir J.P. Wilde’s
direction to the jury in _Hall v. Hall_ , the second from Sir J. Hannen’s
charge to the jury in _Wingrove v. Wingrove:_

>>

>>> To make a good will a man must be a free agent. But all influences are not
unlawful. Persuasion, appeals to the affections or ties of kindred, to a
sentiment of gratitude for past services, or pity for future destitution, or
the like, - these are all legitimate, and may be fairly pressed on a testator.
On the other hand, pressure of whatever character, whether acting on the fears
or hopes, if so exerted as to overpower the volition without convincing the
judgment, is a species of restraint under which no valid will can be made.
Importunity or threats, such as the testator has not the courage to resist,
moral command asserted and yielded to for the sake of peace and quiet, or of
escaping from distress of mind or social discomfort, these, if carried to a
degree in which the free play of the testator’s judgment, discretion or
wishes, is overborne, will constitute undue influence, though no force is
either used or threatened. In a word, a testator may be led but not driven;
and his will must be the offspring of his own volition, and not the record of
someone else’s.

>>>

>>> [I]t is not because one person has unbounded influence over another that
therefore when exercised, even though it may be very bad indeed, it is undue
influence in the legal sense of the word. …’

166\. For undue influence, Mr John relied in particular on the case of _Hooi
Cheng Kwang & Anor v Hooi Paul _[1981] 2 MLJ 306 which Mr John submitted was a
case with similar facts to the present case. There, Choor Singh J held that
the mere relationship of mother and son and the fact that the two were living
together was in itself not enough to raise the presumption of undue influence.
Choor Singh J also held that independent legal advice is not essential to
rebut the presumption of undue influence. What was necessary was to establish
affirmatively that the gift was the ‘free and intelligent’ act of the donor.
In that case, the claim based on undue influence failed.

167\. Mr Prabhakaran Nair, Counsel for the Plaintiffs, did not dispute the
legal principles enunciated by Choor Singh J. However, he pointed out that the
facts in that case were different from those before me. For example, the donor
herself gave evidence and her own solicitor had discussed the gifts in
question with her. In my view, certain features of that case should be borne
in mind.

168\. There, the donor was one Mdm Ng Swee Kee. She had four sons:

a) Hooi Cheng Loon

b) Michael Hooi Cheng Kwang

c) Paul Hooi Cheng Cheong

d) Philip Hui Cheng Keong

169\. She had on two occasions made gifts of shares in Yip Beng (Pte) Ltd and
in Yip Beng (HK) Ltd to Paul and Philip in equal parts. Subsequently, she
sought to set aside the gift of the shares to Paul, but not to Philip, on the
ground of undue influence.

170\. She herself gave evidence at trial although she passed away before the
hearing was concluded. The trial judge described her as follows:

> > ‘Although the deceased was 82 years old and not educated, she did not
> betray any sign of mental weakness. She impressed me as an intelligent,
> astute and strong-willed woman.’ (see p 314 at B).

171\. Mdm Ng had been asked to undergo an examination by a psychiatrist, not a
neurologist, before the gifts were effected. The psychiatrist was Dr Paul
Ngui. He had examined her and certified that she was of sound mind.

172\. Apparently, her own physician, one Mr Wong, who had treated her for some
six years described her as ‘… a very independent and determined woman’ (see p
314 at C).

173\. Her own solicitor Mr C S Wu pointed out that ‘the deceased was despite
her age a strong-willed person’ (see p 314 at D).

174\. I am of the view that even though these descriptions may apply to Mdm
Pang before her first stroke, they did not apply thereafter.

175\. Furthermore, in the case of _Hooi Cheng Kwang_ , the evidence of Mr C S
Wu demonstrated, and the trial judge so found, that he had discussed the gifts
directly with the deceased and was careful in his explanations to her even
though Mr Wu was also acting for Paul and Philip. Indeed, Mr Wu was not only
careful but alert to the fact that the gifts might be challenged. His evidence
on one of the occasions when he met up with Mdm Ng was:

> > ‘Plaintiff did not appear to be frightened. There was no reason for her to
> be afraid. She did not show any reluctance. If she showed the slightest hint
> of reluctant I certainly would have wanted to clear up the reason for her
> reluctance before obtaining her signature on the documents. In each of these
> instances when I witnessed her signing of these gift documents, I made a
> special effort to ensure that each transaction was properly executed in
> every respect and that every gift reflected the plaintiff’s personal
> intention, as I fully expected that Michael and Cheng Loon might after her
> death decide to challenge these gifts bearing in mind the strains that
> existed amongst the brothers. What I never expected was that the plaintiff
> herself would repudiate these gifts. That I never expected …’ (see p 309 at
> H)

176\. Also, in that case, the gifts were to two of the four children in equal
parts. In the case before me, the two Wills and other transactions were in
favour of Pian Meng only (except for two nominal gifts of $10 to each of the
other two sons).

177\. In addition, the relationship between Mdm Pang and Pian Meng was not
just one of mother and son. Mdm Pang relied quite heavily on Pian Meng as
regards affairs of the Business.

_**

MY CONCLUSION

The first Will

**_

178\. I accept Dr PN Chong’s evidence that the ischaemia in the peri-
ventricular matter was not the main problem in Mdm Pang’s case. As regards the
question whether her cognitive ability was affected or not by the first
stroke, one aspect was clear to me. She was confused from time to time.

179\. It is common ground between all the three doctors that Mdm Pang had
episodes of confusion and of lucidity. For example, on 17 and 18 August 1997,
her condition was poor (see para 96 above). Yet on 19 August 1997, when she
first saw Dr PN Chong, her condition had improved (see para 97 above).

180\. I accept Dr PN Chong’s evidence, which was also accepted by Dr Ngui,
that on 21 October 1997 when he examined her, he found Mdm Pang to ‘be
rational, conscious, alert, orientated as to time, space and person’.

181\. I also accept his evidence that it was unlikely that her condition had
changed dramatically on 22 October 1997\. If it had, this would have been
reflected in her conduct which would then have been noticed by Mr Caines or
the interpreter. Neither of them noticed anything unusual.

182\. However, while the mental condition of a testator on the day of
execution of the Will is important, the determination of that mental condition
on that day should not be confined to what was perceived on that day only.

183\. It was possible that Mdm Pang did not have her full mental faculties on
21 and 22 October 1997 but that this was not obvious even to Dr PN Chong. As I
have mentioned in para 116 above, he accepted that he would not have noticed
subtle damage.

184\. Secondly, Dr PN Chong himself had emphasized that he was looking at Mdm
Pang as a neurologist and not as a psychiatrist. He accepted that an
assessment by a psychologist was necessary (NE 141). He also said that his
examination was ‘elementary’ and he accepted that, for the purpose of
litigation, the opinion of a psychiatrist, was preferable. At NE 144 and 145
he said:

> ‘Ct to DW1 Earlier you had said that you referred her to Douglas Kong for a
> full psychiatric assessment because of dispute about a Will among family
> members. Since you had already issued 2 certificates, why was there a need
> to refer her to Dr Kong?
>
> DW1 Because I knew that today would come.
>
> Ct to DW1 Please elaborate.
>
> DW1 It would be good to get another assessment besides mine. I am willing to
> be shown to be wrong. I am not afraid of that.
>
> Ct to DW1 Why did you refer her to a psychiatrist, instead of another
> neurologist?
>
> DW1 If I need another neuro-psychologist’s assessment, I would have to go
> through a psychiatrist. Another neurologist’s assessment would not help
> because I know someone like the Plaintiffs would come up with someone like
> Dr Ngui who would do a detailed assessment. Therefore to be balanced I would
> want another neuro-psychiatrist’s assessment. The first would be Dr Ngui’s
> and his team. Mine is an elementary one.’

185\. I also take into account the circumstances leading to the execution of
the Will.

186\. First, even though Pian Meng was the most capable of the three sons and
Teck Khong had a violent temper, the Business had been used to pay the three
sons their salaries and bonuses and various expenses and debts of theirs
before the first stroke. The benefits were not restricted to Pian Meng.

187\. Secondly, there was no suggestion, before the first stroke, that Mdm
Pang wanted to hand over the business to Pian Meng, save for one qualification
i.e that according to Pian Meng, Mdm Pang had decided in mid-1997, before the
first stroke, to transfer the Business and her properties to him and it was Mr
Caines’ secretary, Ms Tan, who advised against the transfer to save on stamp
duty.

188\. I find it questionable that Ms Tan would be prepared to give advice to
strangers on their first visit without any prior instruction from Mr Caines. I
say that Mdm Pang and Pian Meng were strangers to her during the alleged visit
because Pian Meng’s own evidence was that on that occasion, they spoke to a
lady who introduced herself as Ms Tan (NE 149 line 9/10).

189\. Also, I find it questionable that, if she did give the alleged advice,
Pian Meng did not check Ms Tan’s alleged advice with Mr Caines or even mention
it to Mr Caines at all.

190\. Furthermore, as I have said, Ms Tan did not give evidence. I do not
accept Pian Meng’s explanation that she was no longer working for Mr Caines
(NE 163) as a sufficient reason to explain her absence. Attempts should have
been to contact her but there was no evidence that such attempts had been
made.

191\. Neither was Mr Caines asked to corroborate that Ms Tan had the
competence to give the alleged advice about stamp duty.

192\. I draw an adverse inference against Pian Meng from the omission to call
Ms Tan as a witness and the omission to seek corroboration from Mr Caines
about Ms Tan’s experience.

193\. I am also of the view that Pian Meng’s allegation about Ms Tan’s advice
was contradicted by subsequent events. If the intention in mid-1997 was to
avoid stamp duty and hence the first Will was made, why did Mdm Pang
purportedly want to transfer 64/64A SGW subsequently in late 1999 to Pian
Meng? If Pian Meng wanted to borrow monies from KTL, Mdm Pang could have
easily been the guarantor and executed a mortgage of 64/64A SGW, but that was
not the initial plan then. The fact that Pian Meng’s initial plan in late 1999
was to have 64/64A SGW transferred to him belies his evidence about trying to
save stamp duty in mid-1997.

194\. Mr John was initially not able to give a reason in response to this
point during closing reply submissions. He then ventured to say that at that
time, in 1999, the Business was not doing well. The suggestion was that the
Business needed to borrow more money. In my view, there was still no reason to
transfer 64/64A SGW to Pian Meng even if the Business needed more money.
Indeed, it was illogical to incur stamp duty when it could be avoided.

195\. After a lunch-break, Mr John said he had been instructed that since, by
3 November 1999, 30 MD had been sold, Mdm Pang was prepared to incur the stamp
duty on only one property i.e 64/64A SGW.

196\. I do not accept this explanation for various reasons:

> (a) it was evidence from the bar, which Mr John acknowledged,
>
> (b) it still did not address the point that the alleged original intention
> was to avoid paying any stamp duty, whether for one property, or two. In mid
> 1997, before the first stroke, Mdm Pang could and would have given
> instructions to transfer 64/64A SGW to Pian Meng, if that was really her
> intention then.

197\. Thirdly, I do not accept Pian Meng’s oral evidence as to how Mr Caines
came to be instructed to prepare the first Will. I also do not accept that
this was a case of minor differences in testimony which are explainable on
account of the events occurring some four or five years ago. I have taken into
account the fact that the events occurred some time ago and ignored minor
contradictions. However, I note that Pian Meng had confirmed that he had read
Mr Caines’ AEIC before it was filed (NE 162). He could and should have met up
with Mr Caines to try and ascertain whose recollection was correct. Even if
that was not possible, he could and should have stated in his own AEIC that
part of Mr Caines’ AEIC was incorrect. He did not. Furthermore, as I have
said, Mr John did not even ask Mr Caines whether he had made mistakes in his
AEIC or take him through what Pian Meng had said in oral testimony in so far
as it was different from what Mr Caines had said.

198\. It seems to me that Pian Meng must have taken the view, subsequently,
that Mr Caines’ evidence would put his case in a bad light and so he belatedly
gave a different version. Pian Meng had also chosen to refer more to Ms Tan in
his oral testimony because he knew she was not being called as a witness.

199\. Fourthly, I reiterate that Mr Caines had said that he was acting on Pian
Meng’s instructions only.

200\. Fifthly, I note that Pian Meng appeared to be in a rush to get the first
Will done. If Mdm Pang’s intention had been to transfer her properties and the
Business to him and if she was as consistently mentally fit as Pian Meng
wanted me to believe, then there would have been no need to make a sudden
visit on 21 October 1997 to see Dr PN Chong to obtain the certificate. After
all, Mdm Pang was seeing Dr PN Chong from time to time and Pian Meng could
have obtained the certificate on the earlier visit on 15 September 1997 or
later in the next scheduled visit after 21 October 1997.

201\. Sixthly, it was Pian Meng who informed Dr PN Chong on 21 October 1997
that Mdm Pang wanted to make a Will. It was also Pian Meng who informed Dr PN
Chong on 8 December 1997 that problems with the Will had been sorted out.

202\. I am of the view that the idea of Mdm Pang making her Will came to Pian
Meng after Mdm Pang’s first stroke. As she was enfeebled, he was able to
persuade her to act according to his intentions, especially since she was used
to relying on his help in running the business. However, he had to wait until
her condition improved to an extent which would make her appear normal to an
unsuspecting mind. In the period before 22 October 1997, her condition did
improve and he then began to contact and later meet up with Mr Caines first.
Thereafter, on Mr Caines’ advice, he obtained the certificate from Dr PN Chong
and presented it to Mr Caines. To Mr Caines and the interpreter Loh Lim, Mdm
Pang appeared normal. They had assumed that because she appeared normal, she
had her full mental faculties about her.

203\. It did not occur to Mr Caines to ascertain for himself Mdm Pang’s
wishes, even though he could have done so with the help of Loh Lim and without
the presence of Pian Meng. This was because Mr Caines had relied on the
certificate from Dr PN Chong. By the time the interpreter arrived, Mr Caines
was not seeking to verify for himself the mental condition of Mdm Pang but to
complete the transaction i.e the execution of the first Will.

204\. As for Loh Lim, his job was simply to interpret and Mdm Pang appeared to
understand what she was doing.

_**

The transfer of the Business

**_

205\. After the first Will was signed, Pian Meng then obtained Mdm Pang’s
execution to the necessary documents to transfer the Business to him.

206\. However, I am of the view that if Mdm Pang had intended to transfer the
Business to Pian Meng absolutely, she would have notified the Plaintiffs that
Pian Meng had become the owner and the boss of the Business and that they were
to comply with his instructions. While Pian Meng alleged that Mdm Pang was fed
up with Teck Khong and Teck Khong had a violent temper, Mdm Pang was still
running the Business before the first stroke. There was also no suggestion of
her being fed up or afraid of Teck Hing. Furthermore, life went on as usual
with the salaries and bonuses of Teck Khong and Teck Hing, as well as some of
their expenses and debts, being paid for.

207\. I have considered whether Pian Meng continued to take care of his
siblings out of the goodness of his heart but the point still is that Mdm Pang
had not told either of the other two that he had become the boss of the
Business.

208\. I have also considered whether Mdm Pang might have transferred the
Business to Pian Meng on the condition that he was to continue to take care of
his siblings. However, that was not Pian Meng’s case. His case was that the
transfer to him was absolute.

209\. I also note from Dr Kong’s examination of Mdm Pang that she had
indicated that she wanted to transfer the Business to Pian Meng. However by
then i.e 26 December 2000, the Business had already been transferred to Pian
Meng, in November 1997.

210\. Accordingly, I find that even if Mdm Pang had had the mental capacity to
execute the first Will and the documents to transfer the Business to Pian
Meng, she was so enfeebled that she was vulnerable to undue influence from any
of her sons, especially Pian Meng who had been assisting her the most in the
Business. It was not disputed that he had the capacity to influence Mdm Pang
in respect of her first Will and the transfer of the Business to him. I find
that he did exercise influence on her and that the exercise brought about the
execution of her first Will and the transfer of the Business to him. The real
issue, however, was whether the influence he had exercised was undue. I find
that it was.

_**

The sale of 30 MD and the use of the net sale proceeds

**_

211\. As for the sale of 30 MD around 26 May 1998, Mdm Pang was still in an
enfeebled state of mind alternating between lucidity and confusion. It was
Pian Meng who unduly influenced her to sell 30 MD then. This may have been
because the property market was declining but I am of the view that he wanted
or needed more money then.

212\. That is why when the sale was completed on 31 August 1998, the net sale
proceeds were deposited into a joint account. By then, her condition had not
improved significantly. On the contrary, she had had a severe fall in August
1998 which resulted in a haematoma. Although this had been resolved when
another scan was done on 5 October 1998, her condition remained poor. As Dr
Kong noted on 16 October 1998, she was disoriented as to time and place.
Cognitive tests were impaired because she could not complete them. He
prescribed Melleril and Fluanxol to clear her confused state of mind. Even the
information provided by Pian Meng to Dr Kong was that she could not sleep, she
talked nonsense and was excited during the day (see paras 110 and 111 above).

213\. However the medication took a toll on her and made her weak. That is why
Pian Meng told Dr Kong on 3 February 1999 that he had to stop the medication
for her (see para 112, and also 113 above).

214\. I do not accept Pian Meng’s explanation that the joint account was to
effect payment of property tax on 64/64A SGW (NE 182). There was no previous
problem about paying the property tax and if the intention was to effect
payment from Mdm Pang’s bank account, she had her own sole bank accounts to
give effect to that intention. Furthermore, soon after the completion of the
sale, the sale proceeds were withdrawn, not to pay property tax, but to be
deposited into fixed deposits and into the UOB ‘i’ account in Pian Meng’s sole
name.

215\. I am of the view that the purpose of the joint account was to enable
Pian Meng to withdraw the sale proceeds at will, contrary to his mother’s
intention. Pian Meng had considered the monies to belong to him because his
mother’s intention was to use the monies to buy another property to be
registered in his name and for his family to stay in, even though Teck Khong
and Mdm Pang were supposed to stay in the other property too.

_**

The mortgage of 64/64A SGW and the second Will

**_

216\. In the first half of 1999, Mdm Pang’s condition did not improve. Indeed
it deteriorated. As Dr PN Chong said, ‘This was a bad patch’ (see para 114
above).

217\. On 30 August 1999, he saw her again and wrote ‘deteriorate’ with an
exclamation mark. That is when he repeated a scan and discovered she had
suffered a second stroke in August 1999.

218\. However, notwithstanding Dr Ngui’s skepticism as to her condition about
two months later on 3 November 1999, I accept Dr PN Chong’s evidence that when
he examined her on that day, she appeared to be in full command of her mental
faculties. There was no reason for him to lie and, as I have said above in the
context of the first Will, if Mdm Pang’s condition had been as bad on that day
as the Plaintiffs wanted me to accept, this would have been reflected in her
conduct. This would in turn have been noticed by Ms Yap and the interpreter.

219\. On the other hand, I prefer Dr Ngui’s evidence that with the second
stroke, there was cumulative damage to Mdm Pang’s mental condition. I note
that Dr PN Chong had also said that it was Pian Meng who informed him about
the need to get a second certificate (NE 136 to NE 137) and he did not check
with Mdm Pang on this request (NE 139).

220\. Furthermore, Dr PN Chong had also described his examination of Mdm Pang
on 3 November 1999 as routine (NE 139) and elementary (NE 145). I reiterate
that in his own view, the opinion for a psychiatrist, supported by an
assessment by a clinical psychologist, was preferable.

221\. As for Dr Kong, I have mentioned that he disagreed with Dr Ngui’s
opinion regarding Mdm Pang’s mental capacity on 3 November 1999 only to the
limited extent that Dr Kong was of the opinion that Mdm Pang could sign a
simple Will but he did not say she could fully understand the mortgage and the
consequence of mortgaging 64/64A SGW for a credit facility for Pian Meng.

222\. Mr John drew my attention to an apparent contradiction by Dr Ngui. In
his case notes of the examination on 22 March 2000, Dr Ngui had said that Mdm
Pang knew the extent of her estate and her potential beneficiaries (see para
141 above). However, in Dr Ngui’s report dated 13 April 2000, after the
assessment by Mr Choo had been completed, Dr Ngui said that Mdm Pang was
unable to describe the extent of her personal estate (see para 9 of his report
which is cited in para 144 above). However, Mr John did not cross-examine Dr
Ngui on this contradiction. He said that the case-notes were made available in
re-examination only and because Dr PN Chong was waiting to give evidence, he
did not at that time notice the contradiction and so had not applied to cross-
examine Dr Ngui on it. He only noticed the contradiction at submission stage.

223\. I would add that Mr John did not suggest that Dr Ngui was deliberately
misleading the court. Indeed, Mr John conceded that Dr Ngui had been
‘extremely helpful and balanced in all his answers. He is therefore a
competent professional and we do not seek to criticise his competence or
integrity in any way’ (para 79 of his written submission).

224\. However, notwithstanding that concession, Mr John further submitted that
when Dr Ngui changed his provisional diagnosis, it was not so much because of
Mr Choo’s assessment, but because of further adverse information given to Dr
Ngui on 29 March 2000 (which I have cited in para 143 above) and because of Dr
Ngui’s obvious sympathy for Mdm Pang. Mr John sought to support his argument
on the basis that Mr Choo’s assessment did not purport to have retrospective
effect. Also it had a general assessment that Mdm Pang was unlikely to be able
to take care of herself and manage her own affairs. This was not specific to
the documents in question.

225\. However, it must be borne in mind that Dr Ngui’s opinion, and Mr Choo’s
assessment, were sought initially for the application to appoint a Committee
for Mdm Pang. The question was whether Dr Ngui was prepared to apply whatever
he had observed retrospectively and in the context of the documents in
question. He was. Likewise, although Dr Kong had examined Mdm Pang earlier,
his detailed examination, and Mr Yam’s assessment, was after the event. Yet
his examination was being used by Pian Meng to apply retrospectively as well.

226\. Also, again Mr John did not cross-examine Dr Ngui as to whether he had
revised his diagnosis for reasons other than Mr Choo’s assessment.

227\. Furthermore, I note that Anna had already given adverse information
about Mdm Pang’s condition on 22 March 2000 and, at that time, Dr Ngui was not
minded to conclude that Mdm Pang failed to have testamentary capacity.

228\. Having considered the reports of Dr Kong and Dr Ngui, and the oral
evidence given by each, I find Dr Ngui to be more objective. Dr Ngui knew that
the Plaintiffs wanted him to conclude that Mdm Pang did not have any
testamentary capacity but yet his provisional diagnosis was that she did have
such a capacity. It was only after the assessment by the clinical psychologist
that he changed his provisional diagnosis.

229\. On the other hand, Dr Kong appeared to place no or little weight on the
assessment by his clinical psychologist.

230\. Secondly, Dr Kong was engaged by Pian Meng to resist the application for
a Committee of Mdm Pang to be appointed. Yet, when the crunch came, he was
prepared to concede on her mental condition after the short interview I had
had with her in his presence and that of Dr Ngui, as well as the respective
Counsel (see paras 89 and 90 above).

231\. Thirdly, when I asked Dr Kong during the trial whether he had thought a
Committee should have been appointed at that time, he said, at NE 270:

> ‘Ct to DW5 Are you aware that there was an application in OS 924 of 2000
> under the Mental Disorders and Treatment Act for a committee to be appointed
> in respect of Mdm Pang?
>
> DW5 Yes.
>
> Ct to DW5 Your help was sought by Defendant in respect of that application?
>
> DW5 Yes.
>
> Ct to DW5 What was your opinion then in respect of the application i.e did
> you think a committee should have been appointed under the Act?
>
> DW5 I am unfamiliar with law and cannot give opinion on law. As a medical
> doctor, the confusion if treated with adequate rest, proper nutrition and
> medical treatment, Mdm Pang would come out of the confusion. People like Mdm
> Pang require supervision. My personal view, and not a medical opinion, is
> that as long as she is supervised as to diet, rest, exercise and with
> medical treatment for her various conditions, Mdm Pang could maintain very
> well like other elderly patients. A committee should be required if there
> was severe dementia. Dementia in distinction to confusion is persistent and
> permanent and in spite of all the measures, like rest and treatment etc, she
> would still not be able to be lucid.’

232\. I find this evidence evasive. The question as to whether a Committee
should be appointed was not only or primarily a legal one. Secondly, he was
engaged then to give his professional opinion. I find his attempt to draw a
distinction between his personal and his professional opinion to reflect his
lack of conviction in his own views.

233\. His next response, at NE 271, was startling:

> ‘Ct to DW5 Should a committee have been appointed in respect of Mdm Pang?
>
> DW5 Because she is in a state of confusion and I can’t tell, my personal
> opinion is to clear the confusion with the measures I have mentioned and if
> it clears, a committee is not necessary. Confusion can be brought on by
> infection, stress including lack of sleep, lack of nutrients like oxygen,
> and any organ failure like heart of liver failure. Any toxic substance like
> alcohol can give rise to confusion.

234\. If there was a possibility that Mdm Pang’s confusion could clear with
the proper treatment and care, it was incumbent on Dr Kong to venture this
opinion on 22 January 2001 before I had made the order to appoint a Committee.
He did not. Instead, at that time, he conceded that a Committee should be
appointed. Furthermore, there was no qualification in the concession.

235\. I also take into account Mdm Pang’s poor scores in the assessment by
each of the psychologists. Mdm Pang also gave different responses to Dr Kong
and to Dr Ngui. I reiterate how she gave different answers as to who she would
give the Business and 64/64A SGW to (see para 142 above).

236\. As for Ms Yap, I am of the view that although Ms Yap spoke to Mdm Pang a
few times when Pian Meng and Mdm Pang came to Ms Yap’s office, it did not
occur to Ms Yap to ascertain for herself whether Mdm Pang was acting of her
own free will and mind. I do not accept Mr John’s submission that there was
nothing to alert Ms Yap to the possibility that Mdm Pang was not of sound mind
or that she might be acting under undue influence. She had learned that Mdm
Pang had had two strokes and Pian Meng had other siblings who were not going
to get anything under Mdm Pang’s Will. That is why Ms Yap herself suggested a
nominal $10 gift to each of the other two sons.

237\. In my view, Ms Yap’s attention was initially more occupied with the
question whether KTL would take a mortgage if the title was derived from a
gift. Even in court, she said at NE 236:

> ‘Ct to DW4 [Ms Yap] Do you know what today’s case is about?
>
> DW4 Defendant wanted to take a loan on a property which the mother wanted to
> give to him. So I advised them in order to take a mortgage on the property,
> you have to purchase it from the mother. Defendant said the purchase price
> is $2 million. I asked the bank what is your valuation. He told me about
> $2.2 million. So I told the mother the purchase price is $2 million. Are you
> agreeable to this price. She said "Yes". After all I want to give him this
> property. So I said after he has paid you this money, you can eventually
> give it to him. She said "OK".’

238\. As for the Sale & Purchase Agreement for 64/64A SGW, it is true that Ms
Yap required Pian Meng to put up the initial $200,000 deposit instead of
getting Mdm Pang to issue a receipt for it, without actually receiving
payment. On the other hand, she admitted that because the intended transfer
was from mother to son, she had used the simplest form without explaining to
Mdm Pang that under its terms she was to ensure that 64/64A SGW was delivered
with vacant possession.

239\. I am of the view that the idea of getting the second doctor’s
certificate came to Ms Yap’s mind only because Pian Meng had told her of the
earlier doctor’s certificate. She then suggested that a second certificate be
obtained. It seems to me that after she had seen the second certificate, she
did not consider it necessary to have a more careful discussion with Mdm Pang
with the aid of the interpreter, which, preferably, should not be in the
presence of Pian Meng.

240\. Having considered her evidence in its entirety, I am of the view that
she did not demonstrate the kind of caution that Mr C S Wu did in the case of
_Hooi Cheng Kwang_.

241\. Furthermore, although Ms Yap did meet with and speak to Mdm Pang on a
few occasions, it was Pian Meng who was in the driver’s seat. He was the one:

> (a) who contacted KTL about a loan,
>
> (b) who contacted Ms Yap on the phone about the initial plan to transfer,
>
> (c) who suggested the sale price of $2m,
>
> (d) who said he wanted to proceed with a mortgage instead of a sale,
>
> (e) who informed Ms Yap that a second Will should be made because one of Mdm
> Pang’s properties had been sold.

I am of the view that he was not just carrying out Mdm Pang’s instructions, as
he had professed to do.

242\. As for Loh Lim, I am again of the view that as he was not told about
both of Mdm Pang’s strokes, and as she appeared normal to him, it did not
occur to him to be more discerning or careful in his interpretation of the
documents on 3 November 1999 to her. Also, Mdm Pang was probably required to
give simple responses only to indicate that she understood.

243\. In my view, when Mdm Pang appeared jovial or cheerful or gave simple
responses, there was a tendency to assume that she was of full sound mind and
was acting entirely of her own volition. However, as illustrated in Dr Ngui’s
case notes of 10 January 2001, even though she was cheerful, she obviously was
not of full sound mind (see the case notes as cited in para 145 above).

244\. I have also considered Pian Meng’s explanation for the loan from KTL. He
had said that the intention was that after paying off the loan from KPB, the
balance of the loan from KTL was to renovate 64 SGW as required by NTUC
Fairprice in the intended lease of 64 SGW.

245\. However, if the balance was to be used solely for renovation of 64 SGW,
there was no reason for Pian Meng to be the borrower under the initial plan in
1999. Mdm Pang could and should have been the borrower since the property was
hers and Pian Meng could have been the guarantor, as was the case for the loan
from KPB. However, Pian Meng’s initial intention then was that he was to be
the borrower because he had his own ideas as to what to do with the balance of
the loan.

246\. Furthermore, the lease to NTUC Fairprice fell through and the renovation
work was not done. Yet Pian Meng proceeded to obtain the loan from KTL for a
larger sum than was needed to pay KPB.

247\. I am also of the view that as the Sale & Purchase of 64/64A SGW from Mdm
Pang to Pian Meng could not go through (because he could not raise the
$200,000 deposit), he wanted to make sure that 64/64A SGW was specifically
bequeathed to him under a second Will to make sure that there was no dispute
about the use of the monies from the KTL loan. He suggested the second Will to
Ms Yap for this reason and not because one of the properties of Mdm Pang had
been sold, as he had alleged.

248\. Having considered the evidence, I find that even if Mdm Pang did have
the mental capacity as at 3 November 1999 to execute the mortgage and her
second Will, she was unduly influenced by Pian Meng to do so.

249\. I will hear parties on the orders to be made in view of my findings and
in particular the question of whether and to what extent Pian Meng is to
provide an accounting of the sale proceeds of 30 MD and the loan from KTL. I
will also hear parties on costs.

Sgd:

**

** WOO BIH LI

JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

SINGAPORE****

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jul 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

