Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Shamsul bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 191

Case Number | : | MA 145/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 August 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Khor Wee Siong (Khor Thiam Beng & Partners) for the appellant; Jaswant Singh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Shamsul bin Abdullah — Public Prosecutor   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Appeals – Trial judge's findings of fact – Standard
of trial judge's scrutiny of evidence and witnesses' demeanour – Whether and
when appellate court can intervene  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Unlawful assembly – Weapon used – Prosecution not
producing all the weapons used or actual weapon causing relevant injury –
Whether necessary for prosecution to do so in such offences – Nature of
offence – s 149 Penal Code (Cap 224)  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Unlawful assembly – Number of participants – Whether
unlawful assembly proven if assembly consists of convicted persons and other
unidentified persons – s 149 Penal Code (Cap 224)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Voluntarily causing grievous
hurt – Factors taken into account when sentencing – Relevance of premeditation
– Relevance of group action – Relevance of prior violent offence record of
accused – Whether poles qualified as 'weapons' – s 326 Penal Code (Cap 224)  
  

have substituted her judgment for the professional judgement of a medical
doctor. The case cited is totally irrelevant to the case at hand. An alert man
has a lot more poise than an alert man who is in a terrible amount of pain.
There is no need for long-term empirical research to arrive at such a
conclusion (see 10 -11).

(4) As regards the doctor’s opinion that the injury suffered by the victim
could also have been caused by a fall backwards, the trial judge rightly
pointed out that the appellant stated that Thomas (who was alleged by the
appellant to have been there) was behind Nicholas when the appellant caused
Nicholas to fall. If this is so, then Thomas would have broken Nicholas’s
fall, and the chance of a serious cut on top of his head would be extremely
unlikely (see 12).

(5) The arrangement of bricks at the time Nicholas fell, the appellant argues,
was one single row along the wall, of one brick height. Naturally, this
arrangement is more conducive to his story that Nicholas fell backwards and
cut the top of his head on the row of bricks. He contends this despite a) the
fact that the police took the photos at 4.45am the same morning and b) that
the police arrived on the scene almost immediately. In short, if the bricks
were re-arranged as the appellant contends, they would have to have been re-
arranged right under the noses of the police officers. This, of course, is
unlikely. Even if we allow the appellant’s argument, how can the appellant
explain the second lot of injuries on Nicholas’s face – ie the fracture of the
facial structure/orbit on the right? (see 12-13).

(6) There is nothing so incredible about Nicholas’s explanation for the
absence of injuries on his hands. The absence of injuries to the victim’s
hands does not prompt the conclusion that he must have been the assailant
himself (see 14).

(7) The district judge was aware that Lim and Nicholas had been drinking prior
to the events at the appellant’s home. However, the doctor who examined
Nicholas at hospital testified that the victim did not show signs of
disorientation (see 15).

(8) It is the appellant’s case that it is due to his elite training that he
was able to fend off four men without a scratch. But if the commando was not
deferent to fear why did he switch off his lights in order to lead the
supposed gang to the belief that he was not in? And if he wanted to lead them
to believe that he was not in, why didn’t he shut and lock the metal grill and
door? Instead he left the door and the grill unlocked. There was no gang which
came to attack the appellant (see 16).

(9) There was no blood to be found in the house. This might tally with the
appellant’s claim that Nicholas fell backwards hitting his head on its vertex.
This theory is rejected. The two pools _outside_ the house and there being no
blood trails in the house can be explained by the trial judge’s description of
what could very actually have taken place. Nicholas only testified that he
fell unconscious in the appellant’s house. Thus, it could be that he was
continually beaten even outside the flat, but not to his knowledge (see 17).

(10) The total number of weapons is not important. The two poles could have
been the weapons which rendered the injury to Nicholas. But they need not have
been – this is so because of the nature of the unlawful assembly offence and
how it aims to attribute culpability through the medium of (potentially) just
one act (see 18).

(11) All other members, though using weapons which did not administer the
fateful blow, are vicariously liable through that one relevant action.
Following this philosophy, there need not be presented and accounted at trial
the full compliment of weapons, and there need not be present the one key
weapon which dealt the fateful blow. It is not imperative that the prosecution
produce the actual weapons used in an assault. It could very well have been
the case that more poles than these two were used (see 18-19).

(12) It is noteworthy that Nicholas stated on the stand that if need be he
would fight with the appellant at his home. The Court does not approve of
Nicholas’s desire to resolve issues through the fist as a last resort, but the
bottom line is this – he was not even given a chance to speak with the
appellant (see 25).

(13) The sentence delivered by the trial judge was in line with the
_Practitioner’s Library, ‘Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts’,
2000_ (see 23).

**

Case(s) referred to

**_

Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP

_ [1998] 3 SLR 656 _

Lim Ah Poh v PP

_ [1992] 1SLR 713 _

Teo Keng Pong v PP

_ [1996] 3 SLR 329 _

Sundara Moorthy Lankatharan v PP

_ [1997] 3 SLR 464 _

Ng Soo Hin v PP

_ [1994] 1 SLR 105 _

Kwan Peng Hong v Public Prosecutor

_ [2000] 4 SLR 96 _

Dr James Khoo and Others v Gunapathy d/o Muniandy

_ [2001] **

Legislation referred to

**

Penal Code (CAP224) ss149, 326

**

Textbooks referred to

**Practitioner’s Library, ‘Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts’,
2000.****

Ratanal & Dhirajlal’s ‘Law of Crimes : A Commentary on the Indian Penal Code’
2002 Delhi

****

**Judgment**

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

By virtue of s 149, Cap 224, and s 326 of the Penal Code, the appellant was
sentenced by District Judge Lee Poh Choo to 4 years and 6 strokes of the cane
for participating as a member of an unlawful assembly whose common intention
was to cause grievous hurt to one Perez Nicholas. He appealed against both
conviction and sentence. I dismissed the appeal. I now give my reasons.

**

The Facts

**

2 The three main characters in this case – the appellant, the victim, and the
fifth prosecution witness, Lim Ong Kim (Lim) – all knew each other. On the
night of 28 November 2001, the victim (Nicholas), Lim, and a few others were
drinking at a coffee shop at Block 412 Bedok North Street 3 when four persons
came to the coffee shop. One of them pointed to the accused and challenged him
to a one on one fight. The appellant (Shamsul) was reluctant to take up the
offer of a fight, but nonetheless went out of the coffee shop where a quarrel
began. This soon developed into a fight. The appellant called for Nicholas and
Lim to help him, but the latter two did not get involved. According to Lim,
the fight was an ‘inside matter’ and since neither Lim nor Nicholas had
anything to do with the reason behind the brawl, they left after finishing
their drinks. Lim and Nicholas departed whilst the brawl was still in
progress. As a consequence, the appellant suffered the worse for it, and was
resentful of the fact that the two did not aid him in his hour of need.

3 On the evening of 4 December 2001, Lim and Nicholas went to Bedok
Interchange to have a few drinks. At about 1 am the appellant rang Lim on his
hand phone and asked to speak with Nicholas.

4 The conversation over the phone consisted of a heated quarrel which stemmed
from the appellant’s dissatisfaction that Nicholas did not help him when he
(the appellant) was trying to fend off an attack on 28 November 2001. Both Lim
and Nicholas went to the appellant’s place by taxi. Lim waited downstairs
since he did not have anything to do with this matter between Nicholas and the
appellant. Nicholas made his way up the staircase, and when he reached the
appellant’s unit on the third floor, he found the door wide open. The metal
gate was closed but the wooden door was open. He saw the appellant in the
kitchen and decided to open the metal gate to enter the flat. This he did.
When motioning through the living room on the way to the kitchen, four males
pounced on him, and very quickly began to hit him. Nicholas was sure he was
being beaten with poles. At least two of the four men carried poles. He knew
this because these two men were directly in front of him. Nicholas did not see
these four men when he entered the unit, and expressed that they must have
been waiting for him in the two rooms next to the living room.

5 Thus, an ambush was carried out on Nicholas by four men. The appellant was
stationed in the kitchen. Including the appellant, there were five in total.

6 In the scuffle, Nicholas tried to protect his head from the blows by raising
his hands in front of his head in a defensive fashion. He was continually
beaten by poles until he felt a heavy whack on his head. This was the last
thing he remembered of the scuffle. His next conscious moment was in hospital.

7 The victim suffered ‘fracture of the facial bones and fracture on the skull
following the sagital suture’. The victim also suffered ‘a deep 5cm laceration
on the vertex of his head with bone seen underlying the wound.’ The victim was
warded in hospital for 11 days.

**

The decision below and the appeal

**

8 The appellant contends that the District Judge overlooked or misconstrued a
total of eight matters in coming to her findings. It is apt here to re-visit
the principles governing this Court in the sphere of appellate intervention.
In the case of _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656 this Court ruled:

> It is trite law that an appellate court should be slow to overturn the trial
> judge’s findings of fact, especially where they hinge on the trial judge’s
> assessment of the credibility and veracity of the witness, unless they can
> be shown to be plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence

This principle has been articulated in _Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1SLR 713 at
719, _Teo Keng Pong v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 329 at 342, _Ng Soo Hin v PP_ [1994] 1
SLR 105, _Sundara Moorthy Lankatharan v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 464. The standard
required of the District Judge’s scrutiny of the evidence and the witnesses
before him is an extremely demanding one, as emphasised by this Court in the
case of _Kwan Peng Hong v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 4 SLR 96. Without such a
strict test at the trial stage, it would be a nonsense to have a principle
such as that expressed in _Yap Giau Beng Terrance_. Quite to the contrary, the
two cases have a similar aim – a strict standard at the trial stage, which
once met, should signal the appellate court not to intervene unless, of
course, something is seen to be plainly wrong. It is precisely because the
trial judge is under such a strict standard that once it is reached, the
appellate court tends not to interfere. One of the reasons for the inclination
not to interfere is the fact that the appellate court does not have the
advantage of observing the demeanour and behaviour of the witnesses. The
appellant refers to the case of _Kwan Peng Hong_. They are correct to. But the
trial judge has matched the standard required, as laid down in that case by
this Court.

9 I turn to the matters which the appellant contends were misconstrued or
overlooked by the trial judge.

10 The first matter involves the doctor’s testimony and medical report. When
Nicholas arrived at hospital he was in pain. He told the doctor he had been
assaulted by _three_ men. This is reflected in the doctor’s report, which was
recorded at 3am on 15 December 2001. The report also stated that the victim
was alert, conscious and responsive, and the doctor knew this because a) he
examined the appellant and b) the appellant’s Glasgow Coma Scale was 15/15.
The Glasgow Coma Scale assesses the conscious level of a patient and 15/15
meant that the appellant was responsive. In court, Nicholas stated that he saw
_four_ males rush to him in the appellant’s home. It seems from the material
that the appellant is trying to contend that there is a discrepancy between
what Nicholas said to the doctor upon arrival at the hospital and what he said
in Court with regard to the number of people he was assaulted by. The
appellant’s hope, it seems, is that this discrepancy might damage Nicholas’s
credibility as a witness. To this end, the appellant contends that the trial
judge was incorrect not to rely on Nicholas’s initial utterance to the doctor
that there were _three_ men. The appellant used the case of _Dr James Khoo and
Others v Gunapathy d/o Muniandy_ [2001] to argue that the trial judge should
not have substituted her judgment for the professional judgement of a medical
doctor who had stated during cross examination :

> He (Nicholas) was in pain, he (Nicholas) was able to answer my questions.

By using this case, the appellant hopes to show that _three_ was the correct
number and this therefore a) discredits Nicholas as a witness and b) questions
whether there were sufficient persons for an unlawful assembly charge ( five
are needed in total). Firstly, the case cited is totally irrelevant to the
case at hand. To quote from the judgement of the Court of Appeal :

> A judge, unschooled and unskilled in the art of medicine, has no business
> adjudicating matters over which medical experts themselves cannot come to
> agreement. This is especially where, as in this case, the medical dispute is
> complex and resolvable only by long-term research and empirical observation.

The trial judge was without a doubt in her league when she ruled that Nicholas
(who whilst alert and responsive, was also in a terrible amount of pain) would
be in a better position to give a more accurate description of what happened
after he had been treated.

11 An alert man has a lot more poise than an alert man who is in a terrible
amount of pain. There is no need for long-term empirical research to arrive at
such a conclusion. The _Dr James Khoo_ case is irrelevant.

12 The second matter involves the doctor’s opinion that the injury suffered by
Nicholas could also have been caused by a fall backwards. The trial judge did
not overlook this point. The doctor when cross-examined did say that Nicholas
could have sustained an injury at the top of his head by falling backwards.
But the trial judge decided that though the possibility existed, this was not
what happened. The trial judge rightly pointed out that the appellant stated
that Thomas (who was alleged by the appellant to have been there) was behind
Nicholas when the appellant caused Nicholas to fall. If this is so, then
Thomas would have broken Nicholas’s fall, and the chance of a serious cut on
top of his head would be slim. Then there is the appellant’s contention that
the bricks were arranged differently as what was reflected in the photos. The
arrangement of bricks at the time Nicholas fell, the appellant argues, was one
single row along the wall, of one brick height. Naturally, this arrangement is
more conducive to his story that Nicholas fell backwards and cut the top of
his head on the row of bricks. He contends this despite a) the fact that the
police took the photos at 4.45am the same morning and b) that the police
arrived on the scene almost immediately. In short, if the bricks were re-
arranged as the appellant contends, they would have to have been re-arranged
right under the noses of the police officers. This, of course, is unlikely.

13 Even if we allow the appellant’s argument a) that he did not actually see
Nicholas fall backward, head first, into the bricks, and b) that this head-
hitting-brick argument was just speculation, and c) that what actually
happened was that he fell backwards onto the ground, how can the appellant
explain the second lot of injuries on Nicholas’s face – ie the fracture of the
facial structure/orbit on the right? I maintain that the trial judge did not
err in her finding that Nicholas was injured by men wielding poles. The
doctor’s report did conclude that the injuries sustained were consistent with
blow(s) from a blunt object. And at trial, the doctor stated that a metal pole
or a wooden pole would have been able to cause the injury to the vertex of
Nicholas’s head and to his face.

14 The third matter involves Nicholas’s allegedly incredible explanation for
the absence of injuries on his hands. There is nothing so incredible about his
explanation. He had a major cut on the vertex of his head, and injuries to his
face. He was using his hands to fend off the blows, and just because he did
not sustain injuries to his hands does not lead to the conclusion that he
could not have been whacked on the head and face. After all, the doctor did
say that if the assailant was standing near the victim, there is the
possibility that the victim not sustain injuries to his hand. The absence of
injuries to the victim’s hands does not prompt the conclusion that he must
have been the assailant himself.

15 The fourth matter involves the half-drunken condition of Nicholas on the
morning of 5 December 2001. The District Judge was aware that Lim and Nicholas
had been drinking prior to the events at the appellant’s home. However, they
were not so intoxicated that they did not know what they were doing. The
doctor who examined Nicholas at hospital testified that the victim did not
show signs of disorientation. In fact, he was ‘alert, conscious, and
responsive.’

16 The fifth matter involves the appellant’s commando training and relative
sobriety. The appellant had been trained as a commando and was stationed in
Greece as part of his career tour. It is the appellant’s case that it is due
to his elite training that he was able to fend off four men without a scratch.
But if the commando was not deferent to fear why did he switch off his lights
in order to lead the supposed gang to the belief that he was not in? And if he
wanted to lead them to believe that he was not in, why didn’t he shut and lock
the metal grill and door? Instead he left the door and the grill unlocked. He
had ample time in between the time he alleged he saw the gang downstairs from
his window and the time the alleged gang arrived at the front of his flat.
Instead of ensuring his safety, he left his grill and door unlocked. This does
not tally with his switching off the lights. There was no gang which came to
attack the appellant. It was the appellant who enrolled a gang to ambush and
beat up the victim at the appellant’s house.

17 The sixth matter involves the position of the two pools of blood. As shown
in the photos, there were two pools of blood. The two pools were in the
corridor. There was no blood to be found in the house. This might tally with
the appellant’s claim that Nicholas fell backwards hitting his head on its
vertex. I reject this theory. The two pools _outside_ the house and there
being no blood trails in the house can be explained by the trial judge’s
description of what could very actually have taken place. Nicholas only
testified that he fell unconscious in the appellant’s house. Thus, it could be
that he was continually beaten even outside the flat, but not to his
knowledge. This is not inconsistent with the trial judge’s findings. What the
assailants did to Nicholas when he was unconscious we do not know. Neither
does Nicholas. But the absence of blood in the house should not affect the
conclusion that Nicholas was attacked and fell unconscious in the flat.

18 The seventh matter involves the failure to find the alleged third
weapon.**** The total number of weapons is not important. The two poles could
have been the weapons which rendered the injury to Nicholas. But they need not
have been – this is so because of the nature of the unlawful assembly offence
and how it aims to attribute culpability through the medium of (potentially)
just one act. All other members, though using weapons which did not administer
the fateful blow, are vicariously liable through that one relevant action.
Following this philosophy, there need not be presented and accounted at trial
the full compliment of weapons, and there need not be present the one key
weapon which dealt the fateful blow.

19 The eighth matter involves the absence of blood on the poles. Following
from my point in the last paragraph, it is not imperative that the prosecution
produce the actual weapons used in an assault. It could very well have been
the case that more poles than these two were used. The victim stated in
evidence:

> I am not sure whether all the four guys carried poles but I saw that the two
> of them who were in front carried poles. I can’t tell if the two behind
> carried poles.

There was therefore the very real possibility that there were more than these
two poles used. The appellant’s story fails to convince this court that he was
not the assailant in this ordeal.

20 I move onto the inconsistencies in the appellant’s case. The appellant’s
story that the victim’s injury was sustained by his falling backwards is put
in very serious doubt by the fact that the appellant testified that there was
someone behind the victim before the fall took place. In cross-examination,
the appellant was asked :

> Q When you pushed Perez Nicholas out, you must have also indirectly pushed
> Vela Thomas who was behind out?
>
> A I believe so. Vela Thomas who was behind Perez Nicholas moved backwards
> himself.

If this Thomas (who was alleged present by the appellant) was behind Nicholas,
it would logically follow that Thomas would break, in whole or in part,
Nicholas’s fall. With the high likelihood of Thomas cushioning Nicholas’s
fall, the appellant’s story that Nicholas sustained his injury by falling
backwards becomes even less convincing than it already is.

**

Section 149 of the Penal Code states :

**

> If an offence is committed by any member of an unlawful assembly in
> prosecution of the common object of that assembly, or such as the members of
> that assembly knew to be likely to be committed in prosecution of that
> object, every person who, at the time of the committing of that offence, is
> a member of the same assembly, is guilty of that offence.

21 There being five people – the appellant and four others – involved in the
incident, the ingredients of the offence have been proved. There is nothing in
law which prevents the Court from finding that the unlawful assembly consisted
of the convicted persons and some unidentified persons (see _Ratanal &
Dhirajlal’s ‘Law of Crimes : A Commentary on the Indian Penal Code’_ 2002
Delhi at Chapter 8 page 602).

**

Section 326 of the Penal Code

**

22 The weapons used in committing the offence were wooden and metal poles.
These poles, if used in the manner which they were, are likely to cause death
– this confirms the appellant’s culpability under s326 of the Penal Code. To
this end, this Court should not disturb the finding of the trial judge. The
conviction should stand. I now turn to sentence.

23 According to the textbook, _Practitioner’s Library, ‘Sentencing Practice in
the Subordinate Courts’, 2000_ the factors to be taken into account when
sentencing the accused under s 326 of the Penal Code are as follows :-

> 1 Seriousness and permanence of injuries
>
> 2 Group action
>
> 3 Premeditated
>
> 4 Weapon used
>
> 5 Vulnerable victim
>
> 6 Offender in position of authority
>
> 7 Racial motivation
>
> 8 Prior record of violence

24 It must be stressed that this attack was carried out by a group. It was
premeditated. The appellant had enrolled others into his intention. This was
not a one-off vengeful act but a planned one. And the weapons used were poles
– both wooden and metal. The appellant also has a prior record of violence. He
was convicted of voluntarily causing hurt under s323 of the penal Code, and
sentenced to one month imprisonment.

25 It is noteworthy that Nicholas stated on the stand that if need be he would
fight with the appellant at his home. But it must be stressed that his aim of
going over to the appellant’s home was to talk sternly to him in order to come
to the bottom of the disagreement. I stress here that before Nicholas could
even talk with the appellant he was pounced upon by four other men. I do not
approve of Nicholas’s desire to resolve issues through the fist, but in this
case he was not even given a chance to speak to the appellant. Thus, the fact
that Nicholas wanted to settle the matter by means of a fight, as a last
resort, ought not to prompt this Court to lessen the sentence. The bottom line
is this – he was not even given a chance to speak with the appellant. Instead
he was pounced on by a pack of men.

The sentence should stand at 4 years imprisonment and six strokes of the cane.

For these reasons I dismiss the appeal.

**

** Appeal dismissed

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW

Chief Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

