Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wan Kim Hock v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 296

Case Number | : | MA No 29 of 2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 December 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tang Gee Ni (Chia & Tang) for the appellant; G Kannan (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : | —  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Findings of fact – Approach of
appellate court  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Effect of sentencing
precedents  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Factors to be considered –
Effect of claiming trial on sentencing – Lack of antecedents weighed against
aggravating factors  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

_

Introduction

_

The appellant was convicted on one charge of criminal breach of trust under s
408 of the Penal Code, Cap 224\. He appealed against his conviction and
sentence. I dismissed his appeal and now give my reasons.

_

Background

_

2 The appellant was the finance administration manager of Stoval Technologies
(‘Stoval’). He had two other staff and a part-time assistant under him as well
as the Human Resource Department to support him. He was placed in charge of
the petty cash account in August 2000 when Karen, one of Stoval’s accounts
executives, resigned. He remained in charge of the petty cash account until he
resigned in December 2000.

_

Prosecution’s case

_

3 In early December 2000, a new accounting software was installed at Stoval.
As a result, Choo Len, another of Stoval’s accounts executives, discovered
some discrepancies in the petty cash account. She informed Alex, the chief
executive officer and managing director of Stoval.

4 Choo Len was then instructed to verify the problem. Upon receiving
confirmation that there were indeed discrepancies, Alex confronted the
appellant. The appellant immediately told Alex that he was resigning and
handed over a hand-written resignation letter.

5 Thereupon, Alex asked that the appellant hand over the petty cash account to
another member of his staff. A few hours later, the appellant prepared a four-
page statement of accounts for the petty cash account which showed a positive
balance of $1012.68. After deducting some transportation payments, there was a
balance of $984.56. However, this balance was missing and the appellant
proposed that the company deduct it from his salary.

6 Alex did not accept the appellant’s proposal and appointed Kelvin, an
accountant, to check the statement of accounts. By early 2001, Kelvin
discovered that there was in the statement of accounts a S$10,000 payment
voucher that was not approved or signed by any of Stoval’s directors. In
addition, there was also a S$5,000 cheque due and payable into the petty cash
account which was not reflected in the statement of accounts prepared by the
appellant.

7 The matter was referred to Stoval’s board of directors who decided that a
police report should be made. Kelvin then made a police report which resulted
in the appellant’s arrest.

_

The appellant’s defence

_

8 The appellant, in his defence, admitted that there was a shortfall of
$15,000 in the petty cash account. He denied however that he had taken the
money. He claimed that the shortfall had arisen because he had been too busy
to update the petty cash account on a daily basis and thus there were petty
cash payments which had been made but had not been recorded.

9 The appellant further claimed that he had been forced to resign by Alex as a
result of his having informed Johnny, another of Stoval’s directors, that Alex
had withdrawn $200,000 from the company’s funds. Furthermore, the appellant
claimed that he had been allowed by Alex to take the balance in the petty cash
account for his personal expenses.

_

Decision below

_

10 At the conclusion of the case, the trial judge accepted the evidence given
by the prosecution’s witnesses as she found them to be straightforward and
truthful and their evidence to be consistent and corroborated. In comparison,
she rejected the appellant’s defence as she found the appellant to be evasive
and untruthful.

11 In addition, she found that the appellant had fabricated evidence to
support his allegations that monies had been paid out which clearly
demonstrated his dishonest intention to conceal his conversion of the missing
sums. She thus convicted the appellant on the charge.

12 In passing sentence, the trial judge took into account the appellant’s lack
of antecedents, the quantum of money involved, the appellant’s attempts to
cover up his misdeeds and his lack of remorse or restitution and sentenced him
to a term of imprisonment of 14 months.

_

Appeal against conviction

_

13 The appeal against conviction turned entirely on the trial judge’s finding
that the appellant had dishonestly misappropriated or converted the petty cash
to his own use. In particular, the appellant challenged the findings of the
trial judge that:

> > (a) the prosecution witnesses’ evidence was consistent;
>>

>> (b) the appellant had resigned after being confronted by Alex;

>>

>> (c) the balance in the petty cash account was missing; and

>>

>> (d) the omission of the two cheques in the statement of accounts was
deliberate.

14 Lastly, the appellant also appealed against his sentence as being
manifestly excessive.

_

The law on an appeal against findings of fact

_

15 It is trite law that an appellate court should be slow to overturn the
trial judge’s findings of fact, in particular where these findings depend on
an assessment of the credibility and veracity of the various witnesses, unless
these findings can be shown to be plainly wrong or against the weight of the
evidence.

16 I have previously stated this in _PP v Azman bin Abdullah_(1998) 2 SLR 704
__ and it bears remembering that:

> > It is well-settled law that in any appeal against a finding of fact, an
> appellate court will generally defer to the conclusion of the trial judge
> who has had the opportunity to see and assess the credibility of the
> witnesses. An appellate court, if it wishes to reverse the trial judge’s
> decision, must not merely entertain doubts whether the decision is right but
> must be convinced that it is wrong.

17 With this in mind, I will now examine the arguments raised at appeal.

_

(a) Whether the prosecution witnesses’ evidence was consistent

_

18 The appellant sought to raise several inconsistencies in the prosecution
witnesses’ evidence to rebut the trial judge’s finding that their evidence was
consistent. However, I found that the inconsistencies that the appellant
sought to rely on in his appeal were minor and did not affect the crux of the
case against the appellant. In contrast, I found that the appellant’s
testimony was riddled with material inconsistencies. For example, the
appellant indicated that the missing money could have been payments to major
big suppliers; yet, when questioned, he was unable to name any such suppliers.

_

(b) Whether the appellant had resigned after being confronted by Alex;

_

19 The appellant challenged this finding on the basis that it was inherently
improbable that he would become so unhappy as to resign, merely because Alex
had questioned him about the petty cash account. I was unable to accept this
contention. Instead, common sense dictated to me that, rather than being
inherently improbable, the appellant’s immediate resignation was strongly
indicative of his guilty conscience and his desire to depart immediately from
the scene of the crime.

20 Furthermore, I found the appellant’s explanation for his resignation
difficult to accept. He was unable to show why Alex would have been so
displeased, as to demand his resignation, over the minor matter of the
appellant informing Johnny about the cashing of the cheque when there was no
evidence that there was anything improper about the transaction.

_

(c) Whether the balance in the petty cash account was missing

_

21 The appellant argued that this finding was against common sense because, if
this was true, Alex would simply not have allowed the appellant to leave. I
found this argument to be without merit. On the facts, the appellant had left
only after agreeing for the company to deduct the balance owing from his
salary. As such, there was no reason why Alex would not have let him leave.
Furthermore, Alex had wanted to conduct further investigations into the petty
cash account and this would clearly have been easier without the appellant
being present.

22 As for the appellant’s story of being allowed to take the monies in the
petty cash account, I was plainly incredulous. It was inconceivable that Alex
would have allowed the appellant to have taken the entire amount remaining in
the petty cash account, thereby emptying out the entire petty cash account to
the possible detriment of Stoval. This conclusion was reinforced when viewed
against the backdrop of the events which had led Alex to confront the accused
in the first place.

_

(d) Whether the omission of the two cheques in the statement of accounts was
deliberate

_

23 The appellant repeated his arguments that he had used in the Court below
that his omission was the result of negligence. Like the trial judge, I found
this argument to be of little merit. The appellant was an experienced
accountant with about 25 years of experience. It was unimaginable that he
would be so overworked as to not have the time to maintain the petty cash
account given that it was not a difficult task involving only the preparation
of payment vouchers and getting them either approved or signed. Furthermore,
there was no supporting evidence that any other aspect of financial management
was similarly ignored by the appellant.

24 As such, given the ample evidence supporting the trial judge’s finding of
facts, I found no reason to interfere with any of the trial judge’s findings
or her conclusion that the appellant had dishonestly misappropriated or
converted the monies in the petty cash account to his own use.

_

Appeal as to sentence

_

25 The appellant first argued that the trial judge had wrongly taken into
account the fact that he had claimed trial and cited _Kuek Ah Lek v PP_(1995)
3 SLR 252 __ in support.

26 I found the appellant’s argument to be flawed. The case of _Kuek Ah Lek_
does not stand for the proposition that the Court can never take into account
the fact that the appellant had claimed trial. Rather it indicates that where
the appellant claims trial for a valid reason such as a viable defence, he
should not be prejudiced for doing so.

27 However, in this appeal, the situation was different. The appellant had
subjected the prosecution witnesses to an exhaustive and extensive cross
examination in a failed attempt to find supporting evidence. In addition, he
even accused one of the prosecution witness of wrongdoing. In view of such a
defence, it must have been correct for the Court to take into account the fact
that he had claimed trial.

28 Secondly, the appellant sought to draw from _Soong Hee Sin v PP_(2001) 2
SLR 253,__ a case where the accused was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of
nine months, a sentencing tariff to illustrate that the sentence was
manifestly excessive. I found that this argument did not lend much strength to
his appeal. The process of sentencing is a matter of law that involves
manifold factors such that no two cases would ever be totally identical for
the purposes of sentencing. Thus, while past cases are clearly helpful in
providing guidelines for the Court, that is all that they are, mere
guidelines. In sentencing the offender, the Court must look to each case on
its unique facts.

29 In any case, _Soong Hee Sin_ can be easily distinguished. First, that was a
case in which the accused misappropriated a lesser sum of S$10,485.22 as
opposed to S$15,000 in the present appeal. Secondly, the accused there had
pleaded guilty immediately.

30 Lastly, I noted that in mitigation, it could only be said of the appellant
that he had no previous antecedents. This factor while normally forceful must
be balanced against the numerous aggravating factors such as the appellant’s
failure to make restitution, his lack of remorse throughout the entire trial
and the fact that he had fabricated evidence in an attempt to escape
liability.

31 As such, I found that the sentence imposed was not manifestly excessive
especially when all the factors were collectively taken into consideration.

_

Conclusion

_

32 For the reasons given above, I was of the opinion that there was no merit
in the appeal. Thus the appeal against conviction and sentence was dismissed
and the sentence imposed by the trial judge was affirmed.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW

Chief Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Dec 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

