Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Surge Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd v Powertec Engineers Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGHC 280

Case Number | : | Suit 782/2002/E  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 November 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Goh Wing Sun (W S Goh & Co) for the plaintiffs; Chan Hian Young (Allen & Gledhill) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Surge Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd â€” Powertec Engineers Pte Ltd   
  
**Judgment**

**GROUNDS OF DECISION**

**_The background_**

1\. The defendants applied by Summons in Chambers No. 3363 of 2002 (the
application) for Further and Better Particulars to be furnished by the
plaintiffs on certain paragraphs of the statement of claim. They succeeded
partly in the court below. The defendants appealed against the decision of the
learned Assistant Registrar in Registrars' Appeal No. 239 of 2002 (the Appeal)
refusing to order certain other Particulars to be furnished by the plaintiffs.

2\. The Appeal came up for hearing before me and I allowed it in part. As the
defendants have now appealed against my decision (in Civil Appeal No. 117 of
2002), I set out herewith my reasons.

**_The claim_**

3\. The plaintiffs' claim against the defendants was for the balance sum of
$1.468m due for supply and installation of an electrical system for a
construction project at Tuas View, called the Wyeth Nutritional Facility (the
project) by the defendants. The defendants subcontracted the work for supply
and installation of the electrical system to the plaintiffs (from the
owners/developers of the project Jacob-Lend Lease Pte Ltd), at a sum of
$2.77m.

4\. After the writ of summons had been served on them, the defendants'
solicitors wrote to the plaintiffs' solicitors for Further and Better
Particulars of the statement of claim. When their request was rejected, the
defendants' solicitors made the application.

5\. The court below had refused to order the plaintiffs to furnish the
following Particulars of the statement of claim:-

_Under para 2_

By a purchase order dated 6 April 2000 the defendants awarded to the
plaintiffs the electrical installation of the aforesaid project. The contract
price is $2,777,910 (inclusive of the 3% GST). The plaintiffs have also
undertaken additional/variation work in respect of the aforesaid project as
instructed by the defendants and or M/s Jacob-Lend Lease their agents and or
servants. The aggregate sum of the contract price, the additional/variation
work and increased preliminaries and wages amounted to S$5,113,133.53
(inclusive of the 3% GST).

Please state:

(e) Whether the instructions for each additional/variation work was oral or
written.

(i) If oral state the name of the person by whom each instruction was given,
the date on which each instruction was given, and the name of the person to
whom each instruction was given.

(ii) If written, please identify the document in which each instruction was
given.

_Under para 4_

The plaintiffs have made progress claims for the value of the services
rendered and the labour and materials supplied and the plaintiffs have
received partial payment in the aggregate sum of $3,644,981.78 (inclusive of
the 3% GST).

Particulars |   
---|---  
Contract price (inclusive of the 3% GST) |  $2,777,910.00  
_Add_ : Additional/variation work (inclusive of the 3% GST) |  $1,756,123.53  
_Add_ : Increased Preliminaries and Wages (inclusive of the 3% GST) |  _$ 579,100.00_  
Total: |  $5,113,133.53  
_Less_ : Payments |  _$3,644,981.78_  
Balance due and owing to the plaintiffs |  $1,468,151.75  
  
Please state:-

(a) In relation to the progress claims:-

(v) Whether each progress claim was written or oral. If written, identify the
document in which the progress claim was made. If oral, state the name of the
person who made the progress claim and the name of the person to whom the
progress claim was made.

(ix) The original tax invoice in relation to each progress claim, as required
by Clause 10.5.2 of the sub-subcontract.

6\. At the hearing before me, I ordered the plaintiffs to render the Further
and Better Particulars requested of:

(i) para 2 of the statement of claim, item (e);

(ii) to furnish a breakdown of $1,756,123.53 for the additions/variations
claimed under para 4 of the statement of claim and;

(iii) to furnish a breakdown for the figure of $579,100/- in para 4 for
Increased Preliminaries and Wages.

The defendants have appealed against my refusal to order the Particulars they
had requested in items (v) and (ix), under para 4 of the statement of claim.

**_The arguments_**

7\. Counsel for the defendants submitted that it was no answer to the
defendants' request for the plaintiffs to say that the Particulars requested
were within the defendants' knowledge. He said that the defendants are
entitled to know the case the plaintiffs are making against them and that the
latter should be pinned down to a definite story; I did not disagree with this
submission. Indeed, I had rejected the argument of counsel for the plaintiffs
that the Particulars requested and ordered amounted to evidence which the
defendants are not entitled to know, before the trial. The contention of
counsel for the plaintiffs was untenable as without the specific facts I
ordered to be furnished, the defendants could not file a proper defence.

8\. In relation to the Particulars requested in item (v) on para 4 of the
statement of claim, counsel for the defendants referred to cl 10.5.1 of the
contract between the parties; it stated:-

On the day of the month specified in the Appendix [the plaintiffs] may submit
to [the defendants] a progress claim. A progress claim must show:-

(1) the Subcontract value of the Works (excluding variations but allowing for
variation omissions) completed to the date stated in the claim, valued in
accordance wit Clause 10.3. Subject to Clause 10.6, the value of the Works may
include the value of off-site or unfixed materials;

(2) the value of work completed on variations to the date stated in the claim,
valued in accordance with Clause 10.4;

(3) the total amount determined under paragraphs (1) and (2) above less the
amount previously paid to the Subcontractor in respect of the items referred
to in those paragraphs; and

(4) other amounts to which [the plaintiffs] are entitled under the
Subcontract.

Consequently (counsel argued), the defendants are entitled to know whether the
purported progress claims were oral or in writing and, to an identification of
the relevant person or document making the claim, in order to determine
whether the requirements of cl 10.5.1 have been complied with.

9\. As for item (ix), counsel referred to cl 10.5.2 of the contract which
states:-

After [the defendants] have checked and agreed the progress claim amount, the
[plaintiffs] must submit the original tax invoice relating to the claim.

He submitted that the plaintiffs must particularise the tax invoices in
relation to each progress claim before they are entitled to be paid.

**_The decision_**

10\. I refused the defendants' request for Particulars under item (v) for para
4 of the statement of claim because I was not convinced the request was bona
fide. The information requested was certainly not necessary to enable the
defendants to properly formulate and file, their defence. The request seemed
frivolous and a ploy on the defendants' part to buy more time. It bears
remembering that the plaintiffs' claim related to _unpaid_ progress claims for
a construction project. Without disregarding the principles for granting
Further and Better Particulars relied on by counsel for the defendants, I
cannot imagine how the plaintiffs could, in the construction industry, have
made progress claims, other than in written form and at periodic intervals,
bearing in mind cl 10.5.1 of the contract. I noted that this was not a case
where no payment at all was made by the defendants. The plaintiffs were
claiming the _balance_ plus additions and variations (for which I ordered
Particulars to be rendered). The plaintiffs had stated in para 4 of their
pleadings, that payment in the aggregate sum of $3,644,981.78, was made by the
defendants. If the defendants disputed or denied the aforesaid figure, they
could either plead their own figure or, put the plaintiffs to strict proof of
that amount.

11\. Consequently, the defendants' request as to whether each progress claim
was _oral_ was frivolous, particularly in the light of the fact that
Particulars of items (i) to (iv), (vi) to (viii) and (x) of para 4 of the
statement of claim, had already been granted by the court below. In any event,
the Particulars requested in item (v) were a repetition of the other items,
they read as follows:-

Please state:

(a) In relation to the progress claims:-

(i) The number of progress claims made by the plaintiffs.

(ii) The date on which each progress claim was made by the plaintiffs.

(iii) To whom each progress claim was made by the plaintiffs.

(iv) The value of each progress claim.

(vi) The payment made in relation to each progress claim.

(vii) The value of the original works completed in each progress claim.

(viii) The value of work completed for additional/variation work in each
progress claim.

(x) The value of increased preliminaries and wages in each progress claim.

12\. I had also rejected the plaintiffs' request under item (ix), based on the
defendants' own reliance on cl 10.5.2 (para 9 _supra_) of the contract. It
stood to reason that if the plaintiffs were claiming on _unpaid_ progress
claims (on which more details would be forthcoming from the plaintiffs), that
the defendants had _not agreed_ to pay the same. Consequently, why was there a
need to ask for Particulars of tax invoices? This request may well be
unnecessary, depending on the plaintiffs' answers to the other Particulars
ordered. It would be useful at this juncture to refer to a passage from the
authoritative textbook _Odgers on High Court Pleading and Practice_ (23 ed at
p 192); it states:-

â€¦Particulars will be ordered whenever the master is satisfied that without
them the applicant cannot tell _what_ is going to be proved against him at the
trial. But _how_ his opponent will prove it is a matter of evidence of which
particulars will not be ordered.

Applying the above guideline, the Particulars requested in items (v) and (ix)
clearly related to _how_ the plaintiffs were going to prove their progress
claims, not _what_ they were claiming. Consequently, the defendants were not
entitled to the same, it amounted to a fishing expedition for evidence.

13\. I had emphasised to counsel for the defendants that my refusal to grant
item (ix) presently did not preclude the defendants from making a fresh
request at some future date. It depended very much on the information to be
gleaned from the Particulars the plaintiffs were ordered to furnish (on which
they have not appealed). Instead of waiting to see what _other_ facts the
defendants would need in order to file a proper defence or amended defence as
the case may be, _after_ the plaintiffs had first complied with my direction
and that made by the court below, the defendants chose to appeal again my
decision in refusing to grant items (v) and (ix).

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Nov 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

