Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## S T Capital Limited v Stamford Tyres International Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGHC 256

Case Number | : | DCA 10/2002/A  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 October 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Cheong Yuen Hee and Subbiah Pillai (Pillai & Pillai) for the plaintiffs/appellants; Suja Sashidaran and Shanthi Shanmugam (William Chai & Rama) for the defendants/respondents   
Parties | : |  S T Capital Limited — Stamford Tyres International Pte Ltd   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1 The facts as can be gathered from the pleadings and evidence adduced at the
trial below established that two trailers belonging to the plaintiffs (the
appellants herein) were at the material time in the defendants’ (the
respondents herein) warehouse premises. In the event, there was a fire at the
defendants’ premises and the said trailers were damaged. The plaintiffs
estimated the damages to be in the sum of $28,063.00 and claimed the said
amount from the defendants on grounds that the trailers were at the premises
of the defendants at the latter’s invitation for the purposes of loading and
unloading; the defendants were negligent; they were in breach of occupier’s
duty; and that the doctrine of _res ipsa loquiter_ applied. The plaintiffs
provided particulars of the defendants’ alleged breach of occupiers’ duty but
oddly there were no particulars of negligence in the plaintiffs’ statement of
claim.

2 The defendants in their defence denied that the trailers were in their
premises upon their invitation, and averred that the previous course of
dealings between the plaintiffs and the defendants were such that the
plaintiffs parked their vehicles within the premises of the defendants at the
plaintiffs’ own risks and there was no duty of care owed by the defendants to
the plaintiffs.

3 As to the fire itself, the defendants averred that the fire occurred owing
to no fault or negligence on their part and that they had at all times acted
reasonably and taken all reasonable precautions to ensure the safety of the
premises. They also denied that the doctrine of _res ipsa loquitur_ applied in
the situation.

4 There was no reply filed.

5 At the conclusion of the hearing, the learned district judge, after
considering all the evidence, dismissed the plaintiffs’ claim stating that the
plaintiffs had failed to prove on balance of probabilities that the defendants
were negligent in causing or permitting the fire to occur in their premises or
had allowed the fire to continue unabated. He further said that there was no
evidence that the defendants had failed to ensure that the plaintiffs’
trailers parked at the defendants’ warehouse would be reasonably safe nor was
there any evidence that there was any breach of the defendants’ duty as
occupiers of their premises. Having highlighted the absence of particulars of
negligence in the plaintiffs’ statement of claim, the district judge also
concluded that there was not even a _prima facie_ case of negligence as would
justify the application of the doctrine of _res ipsa loquitur_.

6 On appeal, the appellant’s counsel contended that the district judge was in
error as to his findings on the aspect of negligence and said that the
plaintiffs had, on balance of probabilities established negligence on the part
of the defendants. He argued that the very nature of the defendants’ business
warranted a conclusion that the fire was an ever present danger in the
defendants’ premises and that the defendants had not taken adequate safeguards
to protect the property of the defendants’ which were on their premises.
Counsel for the appellants also criticised the approach taken by the district
judge to discount the evidence of a defence witness who adopted the report of
an investigation where it was stated that it was possible for the fire to have
been started by a carelessly discarded smoker’s materials.

7 On appeal, the plaintiffs no longer relied on the allegations that the
defendants were in breach of their duty as occupiers of the warehouse nor on
the doctrine of _res ipsa loquitur_ (page 10 of the appellants’ case).

8 There was a segment based on bailment in the appellants’ case. This however,
was never pleaded. The appellants’ case stated that the appellants would seek
to apply to court to amend the statement of claim. However nothing came to
fore and the counsel for the appellants, after suggesting that the bailment
here was gratuitous, confirmed that he was not making any application to amend
the pleadings to include the aspect of bailment at this stage as it was
manifest that one of the elements ie, ‘depositum’ necessary to constitute
gratuitous bailment was neither pleaded nor seemed to have been proved.

9 Returning to the appeal before me, the only issue was whether the district
judge was in error in relation to his finding that the plaintiffs had failed
to establish negligence on the part of the defendants. It is a settled
principle of law that the burden of proof in an action for damages for
negligence rests primarily on the plaintiffs.

10 Having reviewed the evidence and the grounds delivered, I am of the view
that the overall conclusion reached by the district judge that negligence was
not proven by the plaintiffs on balance of probabilities cannot be faulted.
Although the learned district judge’s treatment of the fire investigation
report of a person not called to give evidence could have been articulated
differently, I do not see any justification or grounds to reverse his findings
that the plaintiffs had failed to cross even the threshold required for the
court to find in their favour. At the end of the day, after all the evidence
has been tendered by the contestants, the duty of the court is to evaluate the
evidence in its totality and to arrive at a finding after discarding chaff
from grain. In my view, the court below was entitled to discount an
unsubstantiated surmise, although it surfaced in an investigation report
submitted by the defence – a document which, in any event, was not
specifically admitted in evidence and was not agreed to by the plaintiffs (see
para 20 of the decision of the district judge).

11 For the reasons appearing herein, I dismissed the plaintiffs’ appeal with
costs.

_

Order accordingly.

_

Sgd:

MPH RUBIN

Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Oct 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

