Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Weng Kee v Public Prosecutor  
[2002] SGHC 193

Case Number | : | MA 26/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 August 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gopalan Raman (G Raman & Partners) for the appellant; Lim Yew Jin (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lim Weng Kee — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Criminal breach of duty – Directors – Duty
to use reasonable diligence – Release of pawned items without cheque being
cleared – Whether release in criminal breach of duty – Correct standard to
apply – s 157(1) Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Ed)  
  
Companies – Directors – Managing directors – Breach of director's duty – Duty
to use reasonable diligence in discharge of duties – Whether test for criminal
and civil liability for breach of duty similar – Standard of proof for
criminal breach of director's duty – Whether standard static or variable –
Whether to lower standard to accommodate individual's subjective knowledge or
experience – Whether individual's lack of experience or knowledge relevant to
conviction and sentencing – Whether appellant exercising reasonable diligence
in discharge of duties – ss 157(1) & 157 (3)(b) Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994
Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Court imposing fine of $4,000
on each of appellant's three charges – Whether fines manifestly excessive – s
157(3)(b) Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – 'Honestly' – 'Reasonable diligence' – s 157(1)Companies
Act (Cap 50, 1994 Ed)  
  

**Judgment**

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

The appellant faced three identical charges under s 157(1) of the Companies
Act (Cap 50) ("CA"), namely, as Managing Director of Thai Shin Pawnshop Pte
Ltd ("Thai Shin"), Thai Hong Pawnshop Pte Ltd ("Thai Hong") and Wang Wang
Pawnshop Pte Ltd ("Wang Wang"), he failed to use reasonable diligence in the
discharge of the duties of his office by permitting various jewellery items
pawned to the three companies as pledges for loans from the companies to be
released to one Kalimahton binte Md Samuri ("Samuri") without proper
redemption and resulting in losses to the companies. The three charges were
for the same offence committed at different premises, namely, at each of the
three companies. The appellant was fined $4,000 on each of the charges in the
district court under s 157(3)(b) CA.

2 The relevant sub-sections of s 157 CA read as follows:

> 157\. —(1) A director shall at all times act honestly and use reasonable
> diligence in the discharge of the duties of his office.
>
> …
>
> (3) An officer or agent who commits a breach of any of the provisions of
> this section shall be —
>

>> (a) liable to the company for any profit made by him or for any damage
suffered by the company as a result of the breach of any of those provisions;
and

>>

>> (b) guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $5,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding one year.

>
> (4) This section is in addition to and not in derogation of any other
> written law or rule of law relating to the duty or liability of directors or
> officers of a company.
>
> …

3 The appellant appealed against his conviction and sentence. I heard his
appeals on 9 July 2002 and dismissed them. I now give my reasons.

_**

The facts

**_

4 The appellant is Lim Weng Kee, aged 62. At the date of the alleged
incidents, on or around 28 October 1998, he had had 20 years of experience in
running the business. He had been the managing director of Thai Shin and Thai
Hong since 1978, and the _de facto_ managing director of Wang Wang (which he
founded) since 1996. The appellant admitted that he was the person-in-charge
of the businesses of the three pawnshops at the time of the alleged incidents.
The three pawn licenses were also issued in his name.

5 Chong Yok Yin ("Chong"), the appellant’s sister-in-law, was a director of
Thai Hong and Thai Shin. One of her sons, Lim Feok Loong ("Feok") started as
an employee of the three pawnshops and was later appointed a director of Thai
Shin and Thai Hong. Her other son, Lim Yeow Loong ("Yeow"), was a shareholder
of all three pawnshops and had been working at Thai Shin for about two to
three years before the alleged incidents. Sim Siew Ngoh ("Sim") and Ang Geok
Eng ("Ang") were both employees at Thai Shin.

6 The appellant first came to know Samuri on 12 December 1997. In the
appellant’s words, Samuri struck him as "well dressed, wasn’t ordinary, common
people; of high society type". Samuri in turn perpetuated the impression by
arriving at the pawnshops in a chauffeur-driven Mercedes and claiming to be
married to the brother of the Sultan of Brunei. Her ‘residence’ at Punggol was
two adjacent bungalows, 3-storeys high, bearing a single address. Between 1997
and 1998, she pawned $4m worth of jewellery items at the 3 pawnshops.

7 Samuri tried to buy the heart of the appellant by showering him with gifts,
including a gold coin, ‘blessed’ Bruneian notes and a watch. That happened in
May or June 1998. Samuri also developed a close relationship with Chong,
addressing her as ‘Mama’. All these were in fact a pretence. She was not a
royal but an owner of a restaurant. The Punggol ‘residence’ did not belong to
her and the jewellery items were conned from a diamond merchant. The appellant
unfortunately failed to see through the facade.

8 On 12 October 1998, the appellant directed Feok to telephone Samuri
regarding the outstanding interest due to the pawnshops. Feok did so and
Samuri requested that they make a visit to her ‘residence’. At her
‘residence’, Samuri informed them of her intention to redeem her jewellery
items and asked the appellant to give an estimate. The appellant gave an
estimate of between $4m to $5m. Samuri then instructed Feok to write out a $6m
cheque in favour of Wang Wang pawnshop, with the balance to be refunded to her
later.

9 Immediately afterwards, Samuri instructed Feok to write out four more
cheques of $1m each**** as gifts to the appellant, Feok, Yeow and Chong. To
prevent the appellant from discovering her ploy, Samuri told the appellant
that she would be attending prayers for a deceased relative for the next 21
days and the cheques must not be deposited during that period of time.
Meanwhile, the appellant kept all the five cheques.

10 On the morning of 28 October 1998, the appellant and Feok were at Thai
Hong. They proceeded to Thai Shin upon receiving a call from Yeow that Samuri
was there. Upon arriving at Thai Shin, the appellant immediately asked Samuri
when he could deposit the five 12 October cheques. Samuri told him to wait and
instead instructed Feok to write out a $15m cash cheque which was meant for
Chong to safe-keep for her, a $200,000 cheque in favour of Chong, a $50,000
cash cheque intended as a gift to the employees of the three companies; and a
cash cheque of $3m intended as an anonymous gift to charity.

11 After about 15 to 20 minutes, Samuri told the appellant that she wanted the
jewellery items back. The appellant responded that he could not release the
items as the cheques had not been cleared. The appellant claimed that he told
Chong the same thing in the Khek dialect but Chong assured him that Samuri
would pay up and that the appellant should allow Samuri to take the items.
Both Feok and Yeow were present but did not utter a word.

12 Before the court below, the appellant claimed that he did not permit the
release of the items. He only relented because he could not oppose Chong and
Feok as he had a heart problem. He claimed that he had done his best but could
not do more to prevent the release of the items as both Feok and Chong were
also directors. Even if he had tried to stop Chong and Feok, they would not
have listened to him. The prosecution’s submission was that the appellant did
permit the release of the items. The district judge ruled in favour of the
prosecution on this point.

13 Samuri chose some items at Thai Shin. Feok then drove Samuri and the
appellant to Thai Hong and Wang Wang where the same process of choosing the
items was repeated.

14 On 5 November 1998, the $6m cheque issued on 12 October 1998 was
dishonoured. Samuri was also nowhere to be found. The appellant then made a
police report. Samuri was later arrested and sentenced to serve six and a half
years’ imprisonment in Changi Women’s Prison.

15 The losses to the pawnshops were very substantial. The appellant admitted
that until the day of the trial, he did not know the actual value of the items
taken away as he did not keep proper track of the exact list of jewellery
taken away by Samuri. It was estimated by the appellant to amount to $4.136m,
based on the total value of the pawn tickets. The shareholders of the three
pawnshops suffered immense losses. At the date of the trial, Wang Wang was in
the process of being sold, while Thai Shin and Thai Hong had to be injected
with fresh capital to survive. In a separate civil suit, the appellant, Chong,
Yeow and Feok were ordered to pay $300,000 in compensation each to Thai Shin
and Thai Hong.

_**

Decision below

**_

16 The district judge made several findings of fact. Firstly, the appellant
was in control of the companies at the relevant time. Secondly, the appellant
permitted the release of the jewellery items to Samuri. The judge rejected the
appellant’s claim that he had done his best to object to the release of those
items on three main grounds. Firstly, evidence given by Samuri, Ang and Sim
showed that the appellant had released the items willingly. Evidence given by
Chong, Feok and Yeow in favour of the prosecution was excluded for fear of
unfair prejudice against the appellant as they were also the recipients of
Samuri’s gifts. Secondly, the appellant did not mention this claim to the
investigating officer and only brought it up in court as an afterthought.
Thirdly, if the appellant had objected strongly to the release of the items,
he would not have followed Feok and Samuri to the second and third pawnshops.

17 The judge also held that the standard of ‘reasonable diligence’ under
s157(1) CA is objective: the issue therefore was whether the appellant
exercised such degree of care and skill as would amount to the reasonable care
which an ordinary person might be expected to take in the circumstances on his
own behalf. This objective test applies to both civil breaches of the duty to
use reasonable diligence under s 157(3)(a); as well as criminal breaches of
that duty under s 157(3)b.

18 The judge ruled that, on the totality of the evidence, the prosecution had
proved beyond a reasonable doubt that the appellant had objectively failed to
use reasonable diligence in the discharge of his duties as a director of the
three pawnshops. The items were extremely valuable and no person of ordinary
prudence would have permitted the release of the items without first having
the cheques cleared and honoured.

19 The appellant was convicted and fined $4,000 on each of the charges. In
awarding the sentence, the judge bore in mind sentencing precedents and the
suffering the appellant had gone through in the form of loss of employment and
control of the pawnshops, as well as the substantial compensation he had to
pay in settlement of the civil suits.

_**

Issues Arising on Appeal

**_

20 Four issues arose for the court’s consideration. Firstly, what the test of
‘reasonable diligence’ to be applied for a criminal offence under s 157(3)(b)
CA is. Secondly, what the standard of proof under s 157(3)(b) CA is. Thirdly,
whether the appellant had used reasonable diligence on the facts of the case.
Lastly, whether the fines imposed by the judge were manifestly excessive.

_**

First ground of appeal: the test of ‘reasonable diligence’ under s 157 CA

**_

21 The appellant did not deny that an objective test of ‘reasonable diligence’
applies for _civil_ breaches of directors’ duties under s 157(3)(a) but
contended that a subjective test should apply for _criminal_ breaches under s
157(3)(b). I did not think that the appellant was right. First of all, however
it will be useful to survey the case law with respect to civil breaches. This
is for two reasons. Firstly, most cases to date have focused on civil breaches
and, hence, they provide a useful starting point in formulating the test for
criminal breaches. Secondly, s 157(1) on its plain terms does not appear to
set different tests for civil and criminal breaches of directors’ duties.
Hence, the test applied in one will obviously be relevant to the other.

_

(i) The test to be applied for civil breaches of directors’ duties under s
157(3)(a) CA

_

22 Section 157(1) CA "mirrors a director’s general fiduciary duty at common
law": _Cheam Tat Pang & Anor v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 541 at 548. Hence, the common
law is very persuasive in interpreting s157(1). According to _Re City
Equitable Fire Insurance Co Ltd_ [1925] Ch 407 at 428, the standard is
measured "by the care an ordinary man might be expected to take in the
circumstances on his own behalf". With due respect, this is a vague
proposition which does not elaborate on the factors that go towards
influencing this ‘ordinary’ man standard. In particular, should the courts
take into account the subjective level of knowledge and experience of the
particular defendant in deciding what an ‘ordinary’ director would do in the
circumstances? The traditional approach answers the question in the
affirmative. As stated by Lord Lindley M.R. in _Lagunas Nitrate Company v
Lagunas Syndicate_ [1899] 2 Ch 392 at 435:

> If directors act within their powers, if they act with such care as is
> reasonably to be expected from them _**, having regard to their knowledge
> and experience**_ , and if they act honestly for the benefit of the company
> they represent, they discharge both their equitable as well as their legal
> duty to the company. [Emphasis added]

This passage was cited with approval by Pidgeon J in _Australian Securities
Commission v Gallagher_[1993] 10 ACSR 43, a decision of the Supreme Court of
Western Australia at 53:

> …the test is _**basically**_ an objective one in the sense that the question
> is what an ordinary person, _**with the knowledge and experience of the
> defendant**_ , might be expected to have done in the circumstances if he was
> acting on his own behalf. [Emphases added]

23 Under the traditional approach exemplified by these lines of cases, the
standard of ‘reasonable diligence’ is essentially objective but it contains an
important subjective qualification: it is measured against what an ‘ordinary’
director _, sharing the same level of knowledge and experience as the
defendant_ , would or would not have done on the facts of the case. This makes
it possible for a defendant to escape liability by appealing to his own lack
of knowledge or experience.

24 However, times have changed. Professor Paul Davis pointed out in _Gower’s
Principles of Modern Company Law_ (6 ed.) at p 640, "those cases seem to have
framed the directors’ duties of skill and care with non-executive rather than
executive directors in mind and, moreover, on the basis of a view that the
non-executive director had no serious role to play within the company but was
simply a piece of window-dressing aimed at promoting the company’s image".

25 In _Daniels v Anderson_ [1995] 16 ACSR 607 at 666-667, the Supreme Court of
New South Wales indicated that it is no longer appropriate to judge a
director’s conduct by the traditional approach applied in cases such as
_Lagunas Nitrate Company v Lagunas Syndicate_ :

> The duties of a director are eloquently explained in the judgment of Pollock
> J, giving the opinion of the Supreme Court of New Jersey, in _Francis v
> United Jersey Bank_ 432 A 2d 814 (1981)……In our opinion, this has become
> what the law requires of directors. At 812-3 Pollock J said: " ……Because
> directors are bound to exercise ordinary care, _**they cannot set up as a
> defense lack of the knowledge needed to exercise the requisite degree of
> care**_. If one feels that he has not had sufficient business experience to
> qualify him to perform the duties of a director, he should either acquire
> the knowledge by inquiry, or refuse to act……A director is not an ornament,
> but an essential component of corporate governance. Consequently, a director
> cannot protect himself behind a paper shield bearing the motto "dummy
> director". [Emphasis added]

26 This passage was quoted with approval in the Chancery Division in _Re
Barings plc and others_ (No 5) [1999] 1 BCLC 433 at 488. The policy under this
modern approach is clear: a person who accepts the office of director
undertakes the responsibility that he understands the nature of the duty
required of that office. That duty will vary depending on the circumstances,
the size and the business of the particular company and the experience or
skills that the director _**** held himself out****_ to possess in support of
appointment to the office**.**

27 A similar view was held by Hoffman J in _Re D’Jan of London Ltd_ [1994] 1
BCLC 561 (Chancery Division) where he decided that the duty of care owed by a
director at common law is the conduct of a reasonably diligent person having
both (a) the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be
expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by
that director in relation to the company, and (b) the general knowledge, skill
and experience which that director has. As pointed out by Professor Davis in
_Gower’s Principles of Modern Company Law_ (6 ed.) at p 642, the crucial
difference with the traditional approach is that limb (b) adds a subjective
standard which can operate only to increase, and not decrease the level of
care and diligence required by the director.

28 In my opinion, the modern approach exemplified in _Daniels v Anderson_ and
_Re D’ Jan of London Ltd_ also represents the position here. The law hence
stands as thus: the _civil_ standard of care and diligence expected of a
director is objective, namely, whether he has exercised the same degree of
care and diligence as a reasonable director found in his position. This
standard is not fixed but a continuum depending on various factors such as the
individual’s role in the company, the type of decision being made, the size
and the business of the company. However, it is important to note that, unlike
the traditional approach, this standard will not be lowered to accommodate any
inadequacies in the individual’s knowledge or experience. The standard will
however be raised if he held himself out to possess or in fact possesses some
special knowledge or experience.

29 This position is not just in line with recent developments in England and
Australia but supported by two other reasons on principle: firstly, the
traditional approach made it too easy for directors to escape responsibility
for breaches of duty by relying on their personal lack of experience or
knowledge. Surely the law cannot act as an excuse for directors to continue in
their ignorant state. That is however exactly the effect of the traditional
approach. This detracts from the protection to shareholders intended by s157.
Secondly, most of the older cases predated the modern objective test of
negligence propounded by the House of Lords in _Donoghue v Stevenson_ [1932]
AC 562 and should be read in the light of subsequent developments. Hence, the
traditional position in _Lagunas Nitrate Co v Lagunas Syndicate_ should no
longer be followed.

_

(ii) The test to be applied for criminal breaches of directors’ duties under s
157(3)(b) CA

_

30 The appellant did not deny that an objective test applies for civil cases
but contended that a subjective test should apply for a criminal offence under
s157(3)(b) because it is a fundamental principle of criminal law that a guilty
mind must be proved before a charge can be sustained. Presumably, the
subjective test means that, for a director to be criminally liable, he must at
least be conscious of the risks involved but goes on to take the risks. In my
opinion, the judge was justified in rejecting the subjective test because the
language of s 157(1) CA supports an objective test. The term ‘ _reasonable_
diligence’ in s157(1) itself implies that the appellant’s conduct must be
measured against some objective standard of behaviour: how else could
reasonableness be ascertained? Neither is an objective test alien in our
criminal law. In _Lim Poh Eng v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 116 where the appellant was
facing a charge of causing grievous hurt by doing an act so negligently as to
endanger human life under s 338 Penal Code (Cap 224), I adopted an objective
standard for negligence in both criminal and civil cases, namely, whether a
person has omitted to do something which a reasonable man would do, or has
done something which a prudent and reasonable man would not do.

31 It can be seen that the requirement of a subjective state of mind in our
criminal law stands no higher than this: it is a general and important
principle but it must yield to clear statutory language. Just as "negligently"
under s 338 of the Penal Code is an instance of such clear language, likewise,
"reasonable diligence" under s 157(1) CA is also such an instance.

32 It is important to note that the duty of a director to act with reasonable
diligence is in turn conceptually distinct from the other limb in s157(1): the
duty to act honestly. These are different aspects of a director’s bundle of
duties even though they may overlap on certain facts. "Honesty" has been
interpreted to refer to the common law duty of a director to act bona fide in
the interests of the company: _Marchesi v Barnes and Keogh_ [1970] V.R. 434 at
438.

33 Given the conceptual difference between honesty and diligence, it is clear
that adopting a subjective test for the duty to act honestly does not mean
that the court must do likewise for the duty to act with reasonable diligence.
Bearing this in mind, the following passage in _Cheam Tat Pang v PP_ [1996] 1
SLR 541 at 545 relied upon by the appellant, although suggesting a subjective
test, is clearly directed towards the ‘honesty’ limb in s 157(1) and does not
support the appellant’s submission:

> Counsel submitted that the concept of _**honesty**_ bears different meanings
> under s157(1) CA, and under s 405 of the Penal Code. It was not disputed
> that the former term covers a wide spectrum of obligations relating to a
> director’s fiduciary duties. The only _mens rea_ required for a s157(3) CA
> offence _**is knowledge that what is being done is not in the interests of
> the company**_ , adopting Gowan J’s views as expressed in _Marchesi v Barnes
> & Keogh _(1970) V.R. 434.[Emphases added]

34 Although the subjective test of ‘reasonable diligence’ is rightly rejected,
a choice must still be made between two different variants of objective tests
for the purpose of criminal liability, namely, the traditional approach under
_Lagunas Nitrate Co v Lagunas Syndicate_ or the modern approach under _Daniels
v Anderson_. I have earlier adopted the modern approach for civil cases. I am
convinced that the same should also apply to criminal cases for two reasons.

35 Firstly, the structure of s 157 shows that Parliament does not intend
different tests of diligence for civil and criminal breaches. If different
tests are indeed intended, then it would be natural for s 157 to have
different sub-sections describing the respective tests in different terms.
Instead, a single standard of ‘reasonable diligence’ is set in s 157(1) with s
157(3) indicating concurrent civil and criminal liability for breach of that
standard. This was also the opinion of Sinnathuray J in the High Court
decision of _Re Kie Hock Shipping (1971) Pte Ltd_[1985] 1 MLJ 411 at 417:

> …every director owes a duty to his company to use reasonable diligence in
> the discharge of his duties. Failure by a director to do so would be a
> breach of duty of his office. That breach of duty would give rise to an
> action by the company against the director for damages suffered by the
> company. The commission of _**that**_ breach of duty by the director would
> _**also**_ be a criminal offence. [Emphases added]

It is clear from the cited passage that Sinnathuray J did not distinguish
between civil and criminal breaches of the duty to use reasonable diligence.
Therefore, if the test in _Daniels v Anderson_ applies for civil cases (and I
have decided earlier that it does), then the same test should apply for
criminal cases as well.

36 Secondly, one must keep in mind the aim of imposing criminal liability
under s 157(3)(b). While the objective of civil liability is to compensate the
company for losses caused by directors’ negligence, the aim of criminal
liability is to protect the wider public interests by deterring directors from
acting negligently. It should be clear by now that corporate scandals,
especially in large listed companies, impact adversely not only on the company
in question, but may also have a ripple effect on the wider stock market and
the economy. Civil liability is however not intended to protect, and in many
cases is ineffective in protecting, the wider public interests, simply because
a civil action is not brought in many cases. For instance, the director may be
bankrupt by then and will not have the resources to pay any damages.
Sometimes, members of the company may not want to tarnish the reputation of
the company due to the negative publicity generated by suing the errant
director. There are many other reasons why a civil action may never see the
light of day. However, in such cases, public interests, represented by the
criminal law, demand that the errant director cannot go scot-free. Hence, any
test of criminal liability must be sufficiently robust if it is to protect the
public interests by deterring directors from acting negligently.

37 The traditional approach under _Lagunas Nitrate Co v Lagunas Syndicate_ ,
in allowing an errant director to escape liability because of his inexperience
and lack of knowledge, is certainly not robust enough. Often, losses are
caused precisely because of the director’s inexperience and ignorance: giving
allowance to such failings will negate any intended protection of the public
interests. Public interests demand that the law places a duty on directors to
acquire the experience and knowledge required to run the company, which is
well reflected in the modern approach under _Daniels v Anderson_.

38 Hence, in my opinion, the test in _Daniels v Anderson_ , which I have
adopted in the context of civil liability, also applies to criminal liability
under s 157(3)(b). However, it is important to note that, even though the
subjective lack of experience and knowledge of the defendant is irrelevant to
conviction, it should be considered in sentencing. It is only fair that a
director who is unable to meet the expected standard due to his lack of
experience, should be given a lighter punishment than someone who is
experienced enough to be able to exercise the required degree of care and
diligence, but simply fails to do so.

_**

Second ground of appeal: the standard of proof under s 157(3)(b) CA

**_

39 The appellant contended that the district judge, in adopting an objective
standard of ‘reasonable diligence’, erroneously adopted the civil standard of
proof for a criminal action. This contention had no merit. The appellant
unfortunately failed to distinguish between the standard of reasonable
diligence and the standard of proof. An objective standard of reasonable
diligence can co-exist with the criminal standard of proof beyond reasonable
doubt. Under s 157(3)(b), like other criminal actions, the prosecution must
_prove beyond a reasonable doubt_ that on the totality of the evidence, the
defendant has _objectively_ failed to use reasonable diligence in the
discharge of his duties as a director.

_**

Third ground of appeal: whether the appellant had used reasonable diligence on
the facts

**_

40 Applying the standard for criminal liability adopted earlier, the issue
here was whether a reasonable managing director having 20 years experience in
operating three pawnshop businesses of similar scale would have done as the
appellant did, namely, releasing such valuable jewellery items before the
cheque had been cleared. If the appellant had been totally lacking in
experience or knowledge, this _would_ _not lower_ the standard of care
expected of him. Here, however, he had been running the business for 20 years
– this certainly qualified as ‘special experience’ which _would raise_ the
expected standard. On the facts, there was certainly no doubt that he failed
to use reasonable diligence. He was in control of the pawnshops then and no
reasonable managing director found in his shoes would have done as he did.

41 The judge’s findings of facts were challenged on several points,
particularly that he should have found that the appellant was conscious of the
risks involved in releasing the items and only authorised their release upon
Chong’s assurance that Samuri would pay up. It is unnecessary to list all the
objections here, but suffice to say that none of them detract from the central
fact that the appellant voluntarily authorised the release of those items
although he knew the cheque had not been cleared. In my opinion, this fact
alone was enough to sustain a conviction. Under an objective test, it did not
matter whether the appellant was conscious of the risks involved in releasing
the items. Further, neither would a reasonable director release the items upon
the informal assurance of a fellow director that a customer would pay up. It
was more than careless of the appellant to trust Chong’s assurance of Samuri’s
credibility. In my opinion, the prosecution had proved the charges beyond a
reasonable doubt.

_**

Fourth Ground of Appeal: whether the fines imposed are manifestly excessive

**_

42 In his judgment, the judge carefully considered all the mitigating factors:
the appellant’s loss of employment and control of the pawnshops, the fruits of
his lifetime’s hard work and efforts, as well as the sum of $300,000 he had to
pay (together with Chong, Feok and Yeow) in settlement of the civil suits. On
the other hand, one must not forget the substantial losses caused to the
shareholders of the pawnshops and the glaring fact that the appellant, with
his 20 years of experience in the business, should not have made such a
mistake. On the facts of the case, the fines of $4,000 in respect of each of
the charges were not excessive at all.

**_

Conclusion

_**

43 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeals against the appellant’s
conviction and sentence.

_

Appeals dismissed

_

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW

Chief Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Aug 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

