Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Nurashikin Binte Ahmad Borhan  
[2002] SGHC 242

Case Number | : | MA No 15 of 2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 October 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hui Choon Kuen (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the appellant; Respondent in person   
Parties | : | —  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appropriate sentence under s
380 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Credibility – Inconsistencies in testimony and
demeanour in court – Whether trial judge right to consider prosecution witness
not to be a credible witness  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Examination – When party can cross-examine own witness
– Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) s 156  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Failure to call material witness – Whether adverse
inference should be drawn – Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) s 116
illustration (g)  
  

** Judgment  **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

_**

The Charge

**_

This was an appeal by the prosecution against the decision of district judge
Wong Choon Ning. At the conclusion of the trial, she acquitted the respondent
of the following charge:

> > You, Nurashikin Binte Ahmad Borhan, NRIC No: S 8200294/D are charged that
> you, on the 17th of October 2001 at or about 2:30 pm, at ‘Chamelon’ store
> located at No 1 Jurong West Central 2 #03-06, Singapore, a place used for
> the custody of property, did commit theft of the following items:

> > > i 1 Rhomlon Eyebrow Pencil valued at $2.20

> > > ii 1 Fuso Eyeliner valued at $7.50
>>

>> with a total value of $9.70, in the possession of the manager of the said
‘Chamelon’ store, Cheng Siong May and you have hereby committed an offence
punishable under Section 380 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

2 Section 380 of the Penal Code reads as follows:

> > Whoever commits theft in any building, tent or vessel, which building,
> tent, or vessel is used as a human dwelling, or for the custody of property,
> shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 7 years,
> and shall also be liable to a fine.

_**

The prosecution’s version of events

**_

3 The prosecution called only one witness, Loke Poh Yeng (PW 2) who was
working as a sales assistant in the store at the material time. PW 2 testified
that she saw the respondent and her friend, one Nor Natasha binte Ibrahim
("Natasha") browsing at the eyeshadows at one of the shelves. The respondent
was holding a paper bag. PW 2 was then standing at a spot 2.3 metres away. At
that time, PW 2 was able to see only the respondent’s side profile while
Natasha had her back turned towards PW 2. Natasha was standing between PW 2
and the respondent.

4 PW 2 gave evidence that she saw the respondent select an eyebrow pencil and
a liquid eyeliner (the items mentioned in the charge) from the shelf. The
respondent did not place those items back on the shelf. Instead, she held on
to those items and walked together with Natasha down the aisle, along the same
row of shelves. According to PW 2, Natasha did not touch or select those items
while she walked away from the shelf. When the two of them reached the end of
that row of shelves, they made a U-turn around it to the other side of the
shelf and walked up the aisle in PW 2’s direction. The respondent and Natasha
then stopped to browse at some combs.

5 PW 2 then noticed that the respondent no longer had the eyebrow pencil and
liquid eyeliner in her hand after she made the U-turn. Suspecting that the
respondent might have stolen the items, PW 2 told her colleague ("Yi Zhu") to
help her keep watch over the respondent. At the combs section, the respondent
selected a comb and paid for it at the cashier’s counter. After payment, the
respondent and Natasha left the store, whereupon they were promptly detained
by PW 2 and Yi Zhu.

6 The respondent permitted PW2 and Yi Zhu to check her paper bag and they
found the two items in the bag. The bag also contained a hair dryer. When
asked as to whether she had paid for the items, the respondent indicated that
they might have dropped into her bag.

_**

The respondent’s version of events

**_

7 The respondent did not dispute that she was browsing at the two items and
that those items were subsequently found in the paper bag she was holding. She
however denied knowledge as to how the items came to be found in her bag. She
testified that she had placed the items back onto the shelf when she moved
away from that shelf. She offered the explanation that the items could have
dropped into the bag or someone could have put them into the bag without her
knowledge. According to her, the bag belonged to Natasha and she was only
helping Natasha carry it. She further asserted that she was stopped and
searched outside the shop not by PW 2, but by another salesgirl.

_**

The decision below

**_

8 The judge rejected PW 2’s evidence that the respondent had held on to the
two items as she was leaving the shelf where those items were located. The
judge also rejected PW 2’s evidence that Natasha had not held on to those
items. The relevance of these was that, if Natasha was the one holding on to
the items as the respondent and her left the shelf, a reasonable inference
might be drawn that it was Natasha, and not the respondent, who had put the
items in the bag. PW 2’s evidence was rejected for two main reasons.

9 First, the accuracy of PW 2’s observations might have been affected by her
shortsightedness (she was not wearing glasses that day) and the fact that the
shop was crowded on that day. Secondly, the judge did not find PW 2 to be a
credible witness based on her demeanour in court and the inconsistencies in
her evidence.

10 At the conclusion of the trial, the judge found that on the cumulative
effect of all the evidence adduced before the court, the prosecution had not
proven beyond a reasonable doubt that it was the respondent, and not some
other person, who had taken and placed the two items in the bag. She acquitted
the respondent.

_**

The appeal

**_

11 Three main issues were raised in this appeal. First, whether the judge had
erred in concluding that PW 2 was not a credible witness. Secondly, whether
the judge had erred in concluding that the prosecution had failed to prove its
case beyond a reasonable doubt. Thirdly, if the appeal was allowed, what would
be the appropriate sentence to impose on the respondent.

_

PW 2’s credibility

_

12 The judge found PW 2 not to be a credible witness based mainly on her
demeanour in court and the inconsistencies in her evidence. It is settled law
that due weight should be accorded to the trial judge’s assessment of the
veracity or credibility of the witness, given that she had the benefit of
observing the demeanour of the particular witness: _Jimina Jacee d/o CD
Athananasius v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR 205.

13 The inconsistencies in PW 2’s evidence related to whether, and when, PW 2
had actually seen the respondent place the items in the paper bag. In the
initial part of her examination-in-chief, PW 2 testified that the respondent
had put the two items into the paper bag when she and Natasha made the U-turn.
Subsequently, she changed her testimony and said that the respondent had
deposited them into the bag when she was selecting the comb. However when the
prosecution invited her to mark on the sketch the position where the
respondent put the items into her bag, she changed her testimony yet again and
admitted that she had not seen the respondent put the items into her bag, but
had merely noticed that the respondent was no longer holding the items after
the U-turn and this aroused her suspicions. Nevertheless, at a later stage
during further cross-examination, PW 2 once again stated that she had seen the
respondent ‘take’ the items.

14 The prosecution attempted to offer various explanations for the
inconsistencies. They need not be repeated here but suffice to say that I did
not find them convincing. It was clear from PW 2’s testimony that she plainly
could not make up her mind as to whether she had actually seen the respondent
place the items in her bag. In my opinion, the judge was entitled to find PW 2
not to be a credible witness.

15 The prosecution further submitted that, even if PW 2 was not a credible
witness, the judge had erred in law in rejecting the bulk of her evidence.
Reliance was placed on _Loganatha Venkatesan & Ors v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 677
where the court stated at 56:

> > _**

It is important to bear in mind that an impeachment of the witness’s credit
does not automatically lead to a total rejection of his evidence.

**_ The court must carefully scrutinize the whole of the evidence to determine
which aspect might be true and which aspect should be disregarded…Thus,
regardless of whether his credit is impeached, the duty of the court remains,
that is, to evaluate the evidence in its entirety to determine which aspect to
believe [Emphasis added].

I did not accept the prosecution’s submission on this point. The judge in the
present case certainly did not automatically reject the whole of PW 2’s
evidence. In fact she had carefully weighed all the circumstances in deciding
which aspects of PW 2’s evidence to accept and which aspects to reject. Hence
the judge accepted PW 2’s evidence that she was present when the respondent
and Natasha were subsequently stopped while leaving the store. However, she
found herself unable to accept PW 2’s evidence that it was the respondent, and
not Natasha, who was holding on to the two items while they were moving away
together from the shelf where those items were kept. I could find nothing
wrong in her approach. It is trite law that an appellate court should be slow
to overturn findings of fact made by a trial judge unless they can be shown to
be plainly wrong or reached against the weight of the evidence:_Soh Yang Tick
v Public Prosecutor_[1998] 2 SLR 42 at 35. The judge’s finding of fact in this
case clearly could not be said to fall within those categories.

16 It was important, however, to note that, even though the judge rejected PW
2’s evidence, she did not go the other way and accept the respondent’s
evidence to the contrary that she had put the items back before she left the
shelf. Instead she held, and justifiably so, that on the available evidence
she was not prepared to draw any conclusion either way whether the respondent
or Natasha was holding on to those items when they left the shelf. The next
issue was then, whether on the remaining evidence the prosecution had proven
its case against the respondent beyond a reasonable doubt.

_

Whether the prosecution had proven its case beyond a reasonable doubt

_

17 Only two material facts were established at the conclusion of the trial.
First, the respondent, with her friend Natasha, was browsing at the two items.
Secondly, the same two items were subsequently found in a bag the respondent
was holding as she was leaving the store. The trial court could not conclude
on the evidence whether the respondent or Natasha had held on to those items
while they were moving away from the shelf. There was also no conclusion as to
whether the respondent or someone else had put the items in the bag. The
prosecution’s case therefore relied entirely on circumstantial evidence.

18 _Ang Sunny v PP_ [1966] 2 MLJ 95 laid down the test that when the
prosecution is relying entirely on circumstantial evidence, the effect of all
such evidence must lead the court "inevitable and inexorably" to one
conclusion only: that it is the accused who committed the offence. There have
been suggestions that _Sunny Ang_ laid down a higher standard of proof for
cases where prosecution evidence is wholly circumstantial. Such notion was
however dispelled in _PP v Oh Laye Koh****_[1994] 2 SLR 385 where the court
stated that the same principle of guilt beyond reasonable doubt applies
equally to cases where the prosecution evidence is wholly circumstantial as it
does to those where direct evidence is adduced. In applying the principle of
guilt beyond reasonable doubt, the court is concerned with whether there is
any other reasonably possible conclusion other than that the accused had
committed the offence. The court is not concerned with "fanciful
possibilities": _Nadasan Chandra Secharan v PP_ [1997] 1 SLR 723 at 89. Lord
Denning stated the position succinctly in _Miller v Minister of Pensions_
[1947] 2 All ER 372 at 373:

> > If the evidence is so strong against a man as to leave only a remote
> possibility in his favour which can be dismissed with the sentence "of
> course it is possible, but not in the least probable," the case is proved
> beyond reasonable doubt, but nothing short of that will suffice.

19 Applying the principles elucidated above to the present facts, it appeared
to me that the success of this appeal hinged on whether there could be any
other reasonable explanation as to how the same two items that the respondent
was browsing ended up in the bag she was holding, other than that she had put
them there herself. In my opinion, there was none.

20 There are only three logical possibilities as to how those items came to be
in the bag. First, the two items dropped into the bag by accident. Second,
someone else had placed the items in her bag. Third, the respondent herself
had placed the items in the bag.

21 The respondent based her defence on both the first and second
possibilities. The first possibility is clearly fanciful and not in the least
probable. I have examined the exhibits with care and found it incredible that
the same two items which the respondent was browsing could somehow end up
neatly in her bag by accident.

22 The second possibility, if taken to mean that some passer-by in the shop
with no connection at all to the respondent put the items in the bag, is also
incredible as a bare assertion. The respondent did not adduce any evidence to
support her claim. It is not in the least probable from common experience that
strangers go round framing one another while shopping in stores. Otherwise,
anyone caught with unpaid items in their bag could simply deny involvement by
pointing their fingers at some unspecified strangers.

23 If the second possibility is taken to mean that Natasha was the one who
placed the items in the bag, then it is perplexing why she did not call
Natasha as a witness even though the prosecution offered Natasha as a defence
witness. Natasha was clearly crucial to the respondent’s defence and she could
have called Natasha as a witness and then applied to the court to cross-
examine her under s 156 of the Evidence Act, Cap 97, to establish that she was
the one who had actually placed the items in the bag. Although cross-
examination of one’s own witness is generally undertaken when the witness
unexpectedly alters his account on the stand to the detriment of the party who
called him, the broad terms of s 156 clearly allow other situations where
one’s own witness can be cross-examined. Section 156 reads as follows:

> > The court may, _**in its discretion**_ , permit the person who calls a
> witness to put any questions put to him which might be put in cross-
> examination by the adverse parties [Emphasis added].

_

Butterworths’ Annotated Statutes of Singapore

_ (Evidence, Volume 5) commented on the section as follows:

> > A witness is generally called by a party to give evidence which supports
> the latter’s case. However, there may be circumstances in which the witness
> must be asked questions which characterise cross-examination. _**For
> example, a party may wish to call a witness who might have been called by
> the opposing party, but was not, so that he may elicit favourable evidence
> (normally admissions) through the use of leading questions**_[Emphasis
> added].

This describes the situation in the present case where Natasha might have been
called as a prosecution witness but was not, and so it was open to the
respondent to cross-examine her to elicit favourable evidence.

24 In my opinion, the respondent’s failure to call Natasha to the stand should
have resulted in an adverse inference being drawn against her under
Illustration (g) to s 116 of the Evidence Act. I do not mean to suggest that a
defendant’s failure to call a material witness will always result in an
adverse inference being drawn against him. Illustration (g) to s 116 provides
that:

> > The court may presume that evidence which could be and is not produced
> would if produced be unfavourable to the person who withholds it.

As apparent from the wording of the provision, it allows, but does not compel,
the court to draw adverse inferences even if available evidence is not
produced in court. In fact, the general rule is that the burden lies on the
prosecution to prove its case and no adverse inference can be drawn against
the defence if it chooses not to call any witness: _Goh Ah Yew v PP****_[1949]
15 MLJ 150 and _Abu Bakar v R****_[1963] 1 MLJ 288. There is however an
important qualification to this general rule: if the prosecution has made out
a complete case against the defendant and yet the defence has failed to call a
material witness when calling such a witness is the _only way_ to rebut the
prosecution’s case, Illustration (g) to s 116 of the Evidence Act then allows
the court to draw an adverse inference against the defendant: _Choo Chang Teik
& Anor v PP_ [1991] 3 MLJ 423 and _Mohamed Abdullah s/o Abdul Razak v PP_
[2000] 2 SLR 789. This is based on the commonsense notion that if the only way
for the defence to rebut the prosecution’s case is to call a particular
witness, then her failure to do so naturally raises the inference that even
that witness’s evidence will be unfavourable to her.

25 This was exactly the case in the present appeal. The circumstantial
evidence adduced by the prosecution was strong enough to amount to a complete
case against the respondent. The respondent had no other available means of
rebutting the prosecution’s strong circumstantial evidence against her except
through calling Natasha to the stand. Yet she failed to do so without good
reasons. Natasha was clearly an available witness. In fact, she was in court
during the trial hearing. In such circumstances, the judge should have drawn
an adverse inference against the respondent under Illustration (g) to s 116 of
the Evidence Act that Natasha’s evidence would be unfavourable to her.

26 Hence, only the third possibility, namely that the respondent herself had
placed the items in the bag, remained a reasonable explanation of how those
items came to be found there. From the above analysis, I concluded that the
judge was wrong to rule that the prosecution had not proven its case beyond a
reasonable doubt. The only explanation as to how the very same items the
respondent was browsing ended up in the bag was a bare claim that they had
accidentally dropped in there, or that someone had placed them there. She had
available in her means to call a witness to substantiate these bare claims,
but she failed to do so. Such claims may of course in appropriate cases rebut
the prosecution’s case if supported by evidence; but without such evidence,
they remain only fanciful possibilities. Otherwise anyone who goes shopping
with a friend, and when found with unpaid items which she was seen to be
browsing earlier, can simply wriggle out of the situation by asserting a bald
claim that someone else has framed her, or that the items have accidentally
dropped into her bag. Such a scenario will have negative policy implications.
It will mean that no store is given effective legal protection against theft
unless the offender is caught in the act of stealing. For the foregoing
reasons, I allowed the appeal and convicted the respondent under s 380 of the
Penal Code.

_

Sentencing

_

27 I was originally minded to order a pre-sentence probation report and
adjourn the issue of sentence to another day in view of the fact that the
stolen items were of low value and had already been recovered, and that the
respondent was a minor at the time the offence was committed. In such
circumstances, a probation order under s 5(1) of the Probation of Offenders
Act, Cap 252, might be more appropriate than a custodial sentence.

28 However, I was informed by the prosecution during the hearing that the
respondent had committed the present offence while she was already under
probation awarded for a conviction under s 381 of the Penal Code. She clearly
had not learnt her lesson and I took the view that a probation order would no
longer be appropriate.

29 Under s 380 of the Penal Code, anyone convicted under the section _"shall
be punished_ with imprisonment for a term which may extend to 7 years, and
_shall also be liable_ to a fine". In _PP v Lee Soon Lee Vincent_ [1998] 3 SLR
552, I referred to _Ng Chwee Puan v R_ [1953] MLJ 86 and decided that the
phrase ‘shall be liable’ (as opposed to ‘shall be punished’) contained no
obligation or mandatory connotation. Hence, while a sentence of imprisonment
under s 380 is mandatory, imposition of a fine is discretionary. Taking into
account all the circumstances of this case, I sentenced the respondent to two
weeks’ imprisonment.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW

Chief Justice

Republic of Singapore

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Oct 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

