Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mero Asia Pacific Pte Ltd v Takenaka Corp  
[2002] SGHC 228

Case Number | : | BOC 261/2002, SIC 3475/2002, 3660/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 September 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Liam Beng (Drew & Napier LLC) for the claimants; Kenneth Koh (UniLegal LLC) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Mero Asia Pacific Pte Ltd — Takenaka Corp   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Costs thrown away – Getting up – Court ordering such
costs without specifically ordering getting up costs – Whether taxing master
can consider work done for getting up  
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Costs thrown away – Review of taxation of costs –
Lawyer's hourly rate – Adjourning of arbitration hearing for 13 days – Whether
appropriate to apply benchmark figures across the board – Whether claimant
lawyer's costs excessive  
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Witnesses' costs – Witnesses not attending hearing
due to adjournment – Whether original allowance excessively generous  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. These were two cross-applications for a review of the assistant
registrar's taxation of costs. The costs in question were costs thrown away to
the claimants, represented by Mr. Tan, in an arbitration. The costs were
awarded by the arbitrator when the hearing had to be adjourned because of a
late amendment by the respondents, represented by Mr. Koh, and consequential
discovery occasioned by that amendment. The arbitration concerned a sub-
contract for a project at the Changi International Airport. The sub-contract
sum was about $18,000,000. The claim was for $3,805,000. The respondent's
counter-claim was for $3,080,000. The arbitration was scheduled for 17 days'
hearing between 8 July 2002 and 29 July 2002. 13 days were taken off by the
arbitrator on 6 July 2002. It resumed for a day on 24 July 2002 and was again
adjourned to November 2002.

2\. The claimants asked for costs under s 1 amounting to $85,176, being 90% of
Mr. Tan's charge-out rate of $600, as well as the costs of his assistant, Mr.
Lek, for the 13 days. Mr. Tan submitted that as a director of Drew & Napier
LLC, his charge-out rate of $600 an hour was not unreasonable. He said that
although he was assisted by two assistants, he was only claiming for the costs
of one. He blamed the respondents for the late notice of adjournment, a blame
Mr. Koh readily acknowledged, but he demurred that notwithstanding that the
cause of adjournment lay with the respondents, the costs allowed was
excessive. I shall revert to Mr. Koh's demurrer shortly. Mr. Tan further
submitted that he had to shorten his leave in order to prepare the claimant's
case for the arbitration. Counsel made cross-allegations as to whether the
adjournment was clearly anticipated in good time. Mr. Koh submitted that the
claimants had at least two weeks of notice that the arbitration might not go
on. Mr. Tan, on the other hand, alleged that the respondents delayed in
confirming their inability to carry on as scheduled until the "eleventh hour".
He also claimed a sum of $30,784 for two of his witnesses at the rate of $148
an hour. The assistant registrar allowed a total of $15,392 for the two
witnesses. This was item 4 of s 3.

3\. Mr. Koh submitted that Mr. Tan's charge-out rate should be weighed on the
basis that he was an advocate of eight years' standing, and that in _Engelin
Teh & Partners v Shoba Gunasekaran_, Bill of Costs 1/2002, the assistant of a
senior counsel was rated at $383 an hour. He submitted that Mr. Tan was of the
same vintage as that assistant. I think that this may not be a fair
measurement because in this case, Mr. Tan was the lead counsel, and his
charge-out rate ought to be reviewed independently of another lawyer of the
same vintage if the work, experience, status, or circumstances of the
respective cases differ.

4\. Mr. Koh further submitted that on the authority of _Choo Ah Kiat v Ang Kim
Hock_[1983] 2 MLJ xciv, costs thrown away should not include getting up costs
unless specifically ordered as was done in _Choo's_ case. The Deputy Registrar
in that case made this ruling in reliance on an order of Choor Singh J for
'costs thrown away, including getting-up fees' in the case of _New Zealand
Insurance Co. Ltd v Ng Whye Keng_ [1978] 2 MLJ xxiv. I do not think that the
_New Zealand Insurance_ case can stand for the proposition made in _Choo's_
case. Where the court specifically ordered costs thrown away to include
getting-up fees then it is axiomatic that getting-up must be allowed. It does
not follow, however, that where the court does not order getting up costs, the
taxing master ought not consider time spent on getting up. If the court merely
orders costs thrown away, the taxing master is entitled to consider what, if
any, getting up had been done and wasted. _Choo Ah Kiat_ should not be
regarded as a good precedent for this point. In the present case, however, the
costs were for an adjournment of the hearing from 8 July to 24 July. The
getting-up would not have been entirely wasted for this relatively short
break; and if it were so, it must clearly be shown to be so. In the present
case, what Mr. Tan would have lost was the time spent in refresher when the
hearing resumed, within 14 days, on 24 July. In these circumstances, $32,000
seems to be excessive. I would allow Mr. Koh's application and reduce the
costs to $15,000. This ought to cover some of the getting-up, although it may
not be much, and the necessary refresher.

5\. I now come to the review of item 4, of s 3. A witness is obliged to attend
court or arbitration proceedings would clearly be entitled to reimbursement
for reasonable expenses incurred in getting to the hearing. Witnesses from
overseas would thus be paid reasonable costs of travel and accommodation. The
two witnesses in question in this case were directors of the claimants, called
to testify as to facts. Mr. Tan submitted that they have a reasonable charge-
out rate of $148 an hour and by reason of the authorities cited by him, were
justified in being awarded costs allowed at $15,392 for the time they had set
aside to attend court. The authorities relied by Mr. Tan were _Halsbury's Laws
of England_ vol 11(2), 1543:

> > "A witness other than a professional or expert witness, may be allowed … a
> loss of allowance not exceeding the relevant amount in respect of ... any
> loss of earnings."

6\. Next, he relied on the text of _Cook on Costs_ , 1995 page 162 as well as
_Petrunic v Barnes_ [1989] VR 927 in which a medical practitioner who attended
court throughout the trial in which he was sued as a defendant, was allowed
costs of attendance. The court there dispelled the misconception that a
witness is only entitled to claim expenses for time spent in giving evidence.
It was there acknowledged that a witness may have to be present even when
witnesses for the opposite side are giving evidence because his advice and
knowledge of facts may be relevant in instructing counsel. I agree entirely
with that principle, but I am of the view that different considerations must
apply in the case of 'costs thrown away'. It is true that the witnesses would
have scheduled their time to accommodate the 14 days of attendance in the
arbitration proceedings, and if they had indeed attended during the 14 days
there would be little quarrel over the entitlement for attendance, save for
the issue as to the reasonableness of the hourly or daily rate. But where, as
in this case, the proceedings were adjourned, the witnesses were therefore,
not in fact in attendance. Paying them as if they were, would be an act of
excessive generosity. It is true that they might have turned away
opportunities by reason of the original schedule, but 14 days is plenty of
time for new schedules to be made. Therefore, in the absence of more reliable
evidence, and taking the rate of $148 an hour into consideration, I think that
the costs thrown away for a witness such as those in the present situation and
circumstance, would be $1,000 a day for two days. The allowance awarded by the
assistant registrar is roughly $1,000 a day for about seven days. There was no
evidence as to what would justify Mr. Tan's assertion before me that the
witnesses would have done nothing for those seven days. The costs allowed is
accordingly revised to the sum of $2,000 to each of them. I should conclude
with the observation that in view of the discretionary nature of such awards,
the assistant registrar taxing costs would be entitled to vary the rate and
the number of days, it may be one day or three days, but not all 14 days. I
would also stress that it is not a matter of calculating the percentage, but
the actual number of days. Hence, a witness for a two day trial that had been
adjourned may be entitled to his costs for two days even if that meant that he
would effectively recover costs as if he had attended the trial in its
entirety, that is, 100%.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck

Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Sep 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

