Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Co Ltd v PSA Corp Ltd And Another  
[2002] SGHC 170

Case Number | : | Suit No 114 of 2002/L, RA No 88 of 2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 August 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leslie Chew SC, John Chung and Alvin Chang (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the plaintiff; Steven Chong SC, Deanna Seow and Chua Kee Loon (Rajah & Tann) for the second defendant   
Parties | : |  Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Co Ltd — PSA Corp Ltd And Another   
  
Arbitration – Stay of court proceedings – Mandatory stay under international
arbitration act – Whether arbitration an international one – Which of
plaintiff's two places of business has closer relationship to arbitration
agreements – Place of substantial performance – International Arbitration Act
(Cap 143A, 1995 Rev Ed) ss 5(2) and 5(3)  
  

** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

**_

INTRODUCTION

_**1\. The Plaintiff Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding Co Ltd (‘Mitsui’) and
the Second Defendant Keppel Engineering Pte Ltd (‘Keppel’) acting as a
consortium, were contractors of a project with the First Defendant PSA
Corporation Limited (‘PSA’).

2\. There were two contracts between PSA on the one hand and Mitsui and Keppel
on the other hand i.e Contract Nos 619 and 801.

3\. Under Contract No 619, the Consortium was required to carry out the
design, construction, supply, installation, testing, commissioning and
integration of an Overhead Bridge Crane System comprising 16 units of 40-tonne
lifting container handling overhead bridge cranes (‘cranes’) including
superstructure and foundation for the new container terminal at Pasir Panjang
plus eight additional cranes at PSA’s option.

4\. Under Contract No 801, the Consortium was required to carry out the
design, construction, supply, installation, testing, commissioning and
integration of 16 cranes for the new container terminal at Pasir Panjang,
including an option for eight additional cranes (however, in the event, PSA
only required the Consortium to supply a total of 20 cranes under Contract No
801).

5\. There were also two contracts as between Mitsui and Keppel each dated 29
December 1997. These were referred to as Consortium Agreement Nos 619 and 801.

6\. Article 14 of the Consortium Agreements provides:

‘All disputes arising in connection with the present Agreement shall be
finally settled according to the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules of 1976 which
Rules are deemed to be incorporated in this Clause, by a sole arbitrator. The
arbitration will be held in Singapore unless otherwise agreed.

7\. At the time the present suit was filed, arbitration had already commenced
in which Keppel is the Claimant and Mitsui is the Respondent. The arbitration
is undertaken pursuant to arbitration provisions in each of the two Consortium
Agreements.

8\. PSA is not a party to the Consortium Agreements. There is an arbitration
provision in Contract No 619 but not in Contract No 801, although both
contracts relate to the same project.

9\. In the present suit, Mitsui’s claims against PSA and Keppel arise from
both contracts. However, Keppel applied for a stay of the claims by Mitsui
against it in the suit in view of the arbitration provisions in the Consortium
Agreements. It was common ground that their disputes fell within such
arbitration provisions. Keppel’s application for a stay was granted by an
Assistant Registrar. Mitsui then appealed against the stay.

10\. Keppel’s application was based on two grounds:

(a) if the International Arbitration Act (‘IAA’) applies to the arbitration,
the stay is mandatory,

(b) if the Arbitration Act applies, the stay is discretionary and the court
should exercise its discretion in favour of a stay.

11\. Mitsui did not dispute that if the IAA applies, the stay is mandatory.
Hence, the first and main argument was whether the IAA applies.

12\. Keppel contended that the arbitration was an international arbitration
for the purpose of the IAA on various grounds:

(a) Mitsui’s place of business was in Japan within the meaning of s 5(2)(a)
read with s 5(3)(a) IAA,

(b) alternatively, if Keppel’s and Mitsui’s places of business are considered
to be in Singapore under s 5(2)(a) read with s 5(3)(a), a substantial part of
the obligations of the commercial relationship was nevertheless to be
performed by Mitsui in Japan and hence s 5(2)(b)(ii) IAA applies.

13\. Mitsui contended that:

(a) its place of business was in Singapore, and not Japan under s 5(2)(a) and
s 5(3)(a), and

(b) as regards s 5(2)(b)(ii), both Keppel and Mitsui have their places of
business in Singapore and no substantial part of the obligations of the
commercial relationship is to be performed outside Singapore.

_**

SECTION 5 IAA

**_

14\. Section 5 IAA states:

‘5.(1) This Part and the Model Law shall not apply to an arbitration which is
not an international arbitration unless the parties agree in writing that this
Part of the Model Law shall apply to that arbitration.

(2) Notwithstanding Article 1(3) of the Model Law, an arbitration is
international if -

> (a) at least _one_ of the parties to an arbitration agreement, at the time
> of the conclusion of the agreement, _has its place of business in any State
> other than Singapore_ ; or
>
> (b) _one of the following places is situated outside the State in which the
> parties have their places of business_ :

> > (i) the place of arbitration if determined in, or pursuant to, the
> arbitration agreement;
>>

>> (ii) _any place where a substantial part of the obligations of the
commercial relationship is to be performed_ or the place with which the
subject-matter of the dispute is most closely connected; or

> (c) the parties have expressly agreed that the subject-matter of the
> arbitration agreement relates to more than one country.

(3) _For the purpose of subsection (2)_ -

> (a) if a party has more than one place of business, the place of business
> shall be that which has _the closest relationship to the arbitration
> agreement_ ;
>
> (b) if a party does not have a place of business, a reference to his place
> of business shall be construed as a reference to his habitual residence.

(4) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Arbitration Act, that Act
shall not apply to any arbitration to which this Part applies.’

[Emphasis added.]

_**

WHETHER MITSUI’S PLACE OF BUSINESS IS IN JAPAN FOR THE PURPOSE OF S 5(2)(a)
READ WITH S 5(3)(a)

The Arguments

**_

15\. It was common ground that Mitsui is a company incorporated in Japan and
its head office is in Japan. It is also a foreign company registered in
Singapore with an office in Singapore for which it has a lease. Mitsui also
alleged that it manages and oversees projects in Singapore through its
Singapore office.

16\. Hence, it was not disputed that Mitsui has a place of business in Japan
and a place of business in Singapore. This brought into play s 5(3)(a) which
required me to determine which of these two places of business ‘has the
closest relationship’ to the arbitration agreements.

17\. Mr Stephen Chong SC, Counsel for Keppel, submitted that it was common
ground that the closest relationship was to be determined with reference to
the negotiations leading to the Consortium Agreements which contained the
arbitration provisions. Therefore, the individuals who took part in the
negotiations and the place of the negotiations were important in this
determination.

18\. Mr Chong referred to an Analytical Commentary on Draft Text of A Model
Law on International Commercial Arbitration. Article 1(3) of the Draft Text is
similar to s 5(3)(a) and (b) IAA. With regard to ‘the closest relationship to
the arbitration agreement’, the Commentary states, at para 32:

‘ _Determination of place of business, paragraph (3)_

32\. If a party has two or more places of business, one of which is in the
same State as is the other party’s place of business, it is necessary to
determine which of his places is relevant for the purposes of paragraph (2).
According to paragraph (3), first sentence, it is the one which has the
closest relationship to the arbitration agreement. An instance of such close
relationship would be that a contract, including an arbitration clause, is
fully negotiated by the branch or office in question, even if it is signed at
another place (e.g. the principal place of business).’

19\. As regards negotiations, Mr Chong submitted that:

(a) the main negotiator from Mitsui was Mr Shirai who was from Mitsui’s head
office. The involvement of Mitsui’s personnel from its Singapore office was
purely administrative and insignificant. They did not initiate any material
change to terms during negotiations.

(b) The Consortium Agreements referred to Mitsui being a company incorporated
under the laws in Japan and its head office’s address. Any formal
communication thereunder was to be sent by Keppel to Mitsui in Japan. Much of
the correspondence on negotiations were in fact sent to Mitsui’s head office.

(c) There was a Portions List attached to each of the Consortium Agreements.
The List sets out the respective party’s scope of work and purchasing of
materials. The Mitsui representative responsible for the List was one Mr Ehira
who is stationed in Japan.

20\. Mr Leslie Chew SC, Counsel for Mitsui, submitted that the following
factors regarding the negotiations showed that Mitsui Singapore had the
closest relationship to the Consortium Agreements:

(a) Mr Shirai was not the only Mitsui negotiator. Mr Chew listed others some
of whom had employment passes to work in Singapore.

(b) The negotiations took place primarily in Singapore.

(c) The Portion Lists were negotiated primarily by Mitsui’s representatives in
Singapore.

21\. Mr Chew further submitted that I should also take into account the
following additional factors:

(a) the governing law of the arbitration is Singapore law,

(b) the place of arbitration is Singapore,

(c) the subject matter of the Consortium Agreement is in Singapore.

_**

MY DECISION

**_

22\. My initial view was that the place of substantial performance by Mitsui
should logically be an important factor in determining which place of business
of Mitsui had the closest relationship to the Consortium Agreements. By ‘the
place of substantial performance’ I mean the place where Mitsui’s main
obligations were to be carried out. However, my initial view was checked by
two points.

23\. First, I noted that the Analytical Commentary did not refer specifically
to the place of substantial performance as a factor in determining the closest
relationship.

24\. Secondly, the place of substantial performance appeared to be already
specifically provided as one of the factors under s 5(2)(b)(ii). If this same
factor is already applicable under s 5(3)(a), then s 5(2)(b)(ii) would be
otiose.

25\. However, upon further reflection, I was of the view that it was not out
of place to include the place of substantial performance by Mitsui as a factor
in determining which of its places of business has the closest relationship to
the Consortium Agreements.

26\. First, s 5(3)(a) does not specifically exclude the place of substantial
performance as a factor. Neither does the Analytical Commentary.

27\. Secondly, s 5(2)(b)(ii) refers to ‘ _any_ place where _a_ substantial
part of the obligations of the commercial relationship is to be performed’
(emphasis added) and not _the_ __ place of substantial performance.

28\. Thus, for example, even if the place of substantial performance by Mitsui
were to be, say, Singapore, a substantial part of the performance by Mitsui
could still be in Japan. Conversely, if a substantial part of performance by
Mitsui was in Japan, it did not necessarily mean that Japan was the place of
substantial performance by Mitsui.

29\. Thirdly, s 5(3)(a) refers to the closest relationship of a party to the
arbitration agreement where that party has more than one place of business.
The substantial performance must be of that party before it is taken into
account as a factor in determining which place of business of that party has
the closest relationship to the arbitration agreement.

30\. This can be contrasted with s 5(2)(b)(ii). The reference therein to the
performance of ‘a substantial part of the obligations’ is not confined to
performance by a party to the arbitration agreement. It can be performance by
a non-party for a party so long as that performance constitutes a substantial
part of the obligations undertaken under the contract in dispute. Thus, the
Analytical Commentary states, at para 29:

‘29. Under sub-paragraph (ii), internationality is established if a
substantial part of the obligations of the commercial relationship is to be
performed in a State other than the one where the parties have their places of
business. This would be the case, for example, where a producer and a trader
conclude a sole distributorship agreement concerning a foreign market or where
a general contractor employs an independent sub-contractor for certain parts
of a foreign construction project. While the arbitration agreement must cover
any dispute or certain disputes arising out of this relationship, it is not
necessary that the dispute itself relates to the international element.’

31\. This is illustrated in the Hong Kong case of _Fung Sang Trading Ltd v Kai
Sun Sea Products & Food Co Ltd_. There, two Hong Kong companies with their
places of business in Hong Kong, entered into an agreement for the sale and
purchase of Chinese soybean FOB Dalian, China. The place of delivery was
stated to be Dalian, China, and payment by letters of credit through a Hong
Kong bank. The document provided for arbitration in Hong Kong under the laws
of Hong Kong. One of the issues was whether the arbitration was an
international or domestic one.

32\. The plaintiff there argued that as a substantial part of the commercial
obligations between it and the defendant was to be performed in China
(delivery of the goods), the dispute was an international arbitration to which
the UNCITRAL Model Law applied. The defendant argued that the arbitration was
a domestic one because of various factors:

(a) Both parties were Hong Kong companies.

(b) The defendant’s failure to nominate a vessel occurred in Hong Kong.

(c) Acceptance of repudiation occurred in Hong Kong.

(d) The commercial relationship commenced in Hong Kong in that the contract
was made there.

(e) The plaintiff was to cause its head supplier to deliver the cargo at
Dalian. Thus causation was in Hong Kong.

(f) The defendant failed to open a letter of credit in Hong Kong.

(g) Hong Kong law would seem to be the applicable law of the contract.

33\. Justice Kaplan of the Hong Kong High Court, in dealing with the
equivalent of s 5(2)(b)(ii) said:

‘The definition refers to ‘substantial part of the obligation’. What is meant
by substantial? In Hong Kong Arbitration - Cases and Materials (Butterworths,
1991), one finds the following at p 180: ‘Substantial’ means ‘considerable’,
‘solid’ or ‘big’. In one case, a substantial amount was held to be 13 out of
80 but it will be dangerous to try to apply any mathematical formula. In one
case, it was held that 1,000 firms out of 6,000, and 150,000 employees out of
474,000 were not insubstantial and, therefore, substantial. (_Thorneloe v
Board of Trade_ [1950] 2 All ER 245).’

34\. He then concluded that, ‘a substantial part of the obligations of the
commercial relationship’ was to be performed in a place where the parties did
not have their places of business, i.e China and that the arbitration was an
international arbitration to which the Model Law did apply.

35\. Fourthly, there is some support for my view in another commentary i.e
Avon Broches’ Commentary on the Uncitral Model Law on International Commercial
Arbitration published by Kluwer. There, Article 1(4)(a) of the UNCITRAL Model
Law is similar to our s 5(3)(a). Page 7, para 26, of this commentary states:

‘26. The Law deals in subparagraph (4)(a) with the case in which a party has
more than one place of business, and in (4)(b) with the rare case in which a
party has no place of business. Divergent views were expressed in the Working
Group with respect of what became (4)(a). Some felt that where a party had
more than one place of business, its principal place of business should be
regarded as its place of business for the application of subparagraph (3),
since this would provide a clear criterion. The prevailing view in the Working
Group was, however, in favour of the place of business which has the closest
relationship to the arbitration agreement, a criterion which was similar to
Art. 10(a) of the 1980 Vienna Sales Convention. The relationship between a
place of business and an arbitration agreement is not a very clear concept. It
should probably be understood as meaning, or at least including, _the
implementation of the agreement_ and the subject matter of the dispute.

[Emphasis added.]

36\. In the context of Mr Chong’s argument in respect of s 5(2)(b)(ii), he
stressed that Mitsui’s primary obligation was the design of the cranes and
this was to be done in Japan, although he did not dispute that there would be
other work done by Mitsui in Singapore.

37\. Mr Chew did not dispute that the design would be done by Mitsui in Japan.
However he argued that the place of substantial performance of the contract
with PSA is Singapore. The fabrication and assembly works were carried out in
Keppel’s factory in Tuas, Singapore, and the automation works, after
installation onto concrete structures, were carried out substantially in
Singapore.

38\. I was of the view that the place of substantial performance by Mitsui was
Japan as its main responsibility was the design works.

39\. As for the negotiations, I was of the view that it was the head office’s
Mr Shirai who was in charge of negotiations. It is who is in charge of
negotiations and not the number of people involved in the negotiations that is
important. The place of negotiations and execution of the Consortium
Agreements is less important given that Mr Shirai had from time to time flown
from Japan to Singapore. I also took into account the fact that Mitsui’s
address in Japan, and not in Singapore, was used for the Consortium Agreements
and, more importantly, that any formal communication to Mitsui was to be sent
to its head office. As for the Portion Lists, they were negotiated primarily
in Singapore but Mr Ehira from the head office of Mitsui was the
representative in charge of the Lists.

40\. The fact that the governing law is Singapore law and the place of
arbitration is Singapore is irrelevant. The question is not which place has
the closest relationship to the Consortium Agreements but which place _of
business of Mitsui_ has the closest relationship to the Consortium Agreements.

41\. Accordingly, I was of the view that Mitsui’s Japanese place of business
and not the Singapore one has the closest relationship to the Consortium
Agreements.

42\. I would add that even if I were wrong in taking into account the place of
substantial performance by Mitsui, I would still have reached the same
conclusion based on the other factors which I have mentioned in para 39 above.

43\. Accordingly, the arbitration was an international arbitration under s
5(2)(a) read with s 5(3)(a) and the stay of Mitsui’s claims in court against
Keppel was mandatory.

_**

SECTION 5(2)(b)(ii) IAA

**_

44\. As for s 5(2)(b)(ii), it applies where a substantial part of the
obligations is to be performed in a place outside the State in which the
parties have their place of business.

45\. Therefore, even if I had concluded that Mitsui’s place of business was
Singapore under s 5(2)(a) read with s 5(3)(a), and since Keppel’s place of
business was also in Singapore, it was still open to Keppel to argue that the
arbitration was an international one under s 5(2)(b)(ii). Indeed it did rely
on s 5(2)(b)(ii) as its alternative argument.

46\. As I was of the view that Mitsui’s substantial performance of its
obligations was in Japan, it would follow that the arbitration between Mitsui
and Keppel was an international one under s 5(2)(b)(ii), if not under s
5(2)(a) read with s 5(3)(a).

47\. The factors which Mr Chew mentioned like the fabrication and assembly
works and the installation works only showed that the place of substantial
performance of the entire contract with PSA was in Singapore but that was a
different matter altogether. The question was whether ‘ _any_ place where _a_
substantial part of the obligations …’ [emphasis added] is performed is a
place outside the State in which the parties have their place of business.

_**

CONDUCT OF THE PARTIES

**_

48\. Mr Chong also drew my attention to the conduct of the parties and the
conduct of the arbitration proceedings so far between Mitsui and Keppel, for
example:

(a) n a letter dated 2 May 2001 from Khattar Wong & Partners (‘KWP’), the
solicitors of Mitsui, to the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre, KWP
requested an arbitrator who was neither Japanese nor Singaporean, ‘as the
dispute is between a Japanese company and a Singaporean company’. While this
was a fact, Mr Chong submitted that it illustrated the international nature of
the dispute.

(b) In a preliminary hearing in Singapore on 27 June 2001, the arbitrator
requested for a copy of the relevant Singapore statute i.e the IAA, which
Keppel undertook to provide. There was then no suggestion by Mitsui that the
relevant statute was the Arbitration Act instead.

49\. I was of the view that the second point would have militated against
Mitsui’s belated argument that the arbitration was not an international one.

_**

SUMMARY

**_

50\. In the circumstances, the IAA applied. As the Arbitration Act did not
apply, it was not necessary for me to decide whether I should exercise my
discretion not to order a stay of Mitsui’s claims against Keppel in the suit.

51\. Accordingly, I dismissed Mitsui’s appeal with costs.

Sgd:

**

** WOO BIH LI

JUDICIAL COMMISSIONER

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Aug 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

