Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Denko-HLB Sdn Bhd v Fagerdala Singapore Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGCA 30

Case Number | : | CA No 21 of 2002/F, Notice of Motion No 13 of 2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 July 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : | —  
Parties | : | —  
  
_

_

> > > > **Between**
>>>>

>>>> **DENKO-HLB SDN BHD**

>>>>

>>>> **(Malaysian Company Registration No. 107686-U)**

>>>>

>>>> **... Appellants**

>>>>

>>>> **And**

**FAGERDALA SINGAPORE PTE LTD**

**(Company Registration No. 198301911Z) ... Respondent**

****

**Suit No. 1241 of 2001/C**

**Between**

**FAGERDALA SINGAPORE PTE LTD**

**(Company Registration No. 198301911Z)**

**... Plaintiff**

**And**

**DENKO-HLB SDN BHD**

**(Malaysian Company Registration No. 107686-D)**

**..... Defendants**

**Citation:** | **CA No 21 of 2002/F; Notice of Motion No 13 of 2002**  
---|---  
**Jurisdiction:** | **Singapore**  
**Date:** | **2002:07:03**  
| **2002:05:02**  
**Court:** | **Court of Appeal**  
**Coram:** | **Yong Pung How CJ**  
| **Chao Hick Tin JA**  
| **Tan Lee Meng J**  
**Counsel:** | **Liew Jin Peh _(Yeo Leong & Peh)_ for appellants**  
| **Siva Murugaiyan and Ms Parveen Kaur Nagpal _(Colin Ng & Partners)_ for
respondent**  
  
**_HEADNOTES_**

_**

Civil Procedure

** – Failure of the appellants to apply to judge for further arguments within
seven days of interlocutory order in chambers – Motion brought to Court of
Appeal for an extension of time to request for further arguments – Whether an
extension should be granted – Whether Court of Appeal has jurisdiction to
grant the extension of time – Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322) s
34(1)(c)_ **

Facts

**

This was a motion by Denko-HLB Sdn Bhd (‘Denko’) to the Court of Appeal in
respect of two matters: (i) an extension of the time prescribed by s 34(1)(c)
of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (‘SCJA’) to apply for further arguments
to the judge in chambers in relation to an interlocutory order made by that
judge; and (ii) an extension of time to file and serve a notice of appeal
against the interlocutory order.

Denko was the defendant in an action brought by Fagerdala Singapore Pte Ltd
(‘Fagerdala’) for money due on goods sold. Denko applied to have the action
stayed on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. The Senior Assistant Registrar
(‘SAR’) ordered a stay. On 19 February 2002, Lai Siu Chiu J, sitting in
chambers, allowed the appeal and reversed the order of the SAR. The decision
of 19 February 2002 was an interlocutory order and under s 34(1)(c), if Denko
wished to appeal, it must first apply for further arguments to the judge
within seven days of the order. Under O 56 r 2 of the Rules of Court, the
party can only file his notice of appeal if the judge certified that he did
not wish to hear further arguments or if the judge failed to notify the party
of his intention within 14 days and is thereby deemed not to require further
arguments.

On 12 March 2002, Denko’s solicitor applied for further arguments and on 19
March 2002, Denko filed the notice of appeal. The Registrar of the Supreme
Court notified Denko the next day that their request for further arguments was
out of time and that the notice of appeal was therefore not valid. Denko thus
applied to the Court of Appeal for an extension of time to request for further
arguments. Fagerdala contended, _inter alia_ , that the Court of Appeal had no
jurisdiction to grant an extension of time to enable Denko to request the
judge in chambers to hear further arguments, as no such jurisdiction or power
was conferred upon it by either s 34(1)(c) or any other provisions in the
SCJA, or any other written law. By virtue of s 18 and paragraph of the First
Schedule to the SCJA, the High Court is given the power to enlarge or abridge
time prescribed by any written law for doing an action or taking any
proceeding, and the Court of Appeal has all the powers and duties of the High
Court by virtue of s 37(2) of the SCJA. However, for s 37(2) to operate, there
must first be a pending appeal before the Court of Appeal and there was none
here.

**

Held

**, dismissing the motion:

(1) The Court of Appeal in _The Tokai Maru_ [1998] 3 SLR 105 had drawn a
distinction between an application for an extension of time to file a notice
of appeal and an application to extend time in relation to other matters and
had ruled that a less stringent approach should be adopted in relation to the
latter kind of application. Denko’s application was more akin to an
application for an extension of time to file an appeal, given that the
objective of Denko’s application was to enable it to appeal against the order
on 19 February 2002. Therefore, a stricter approach should be followed in
determining whether an extension of time should be granted to Denko (see ¶ 9
and 10).

(2) There are four factors to consider in determining whether an extension of
time should be granted to file or serve a notice of appeal: the length of the
delay, the reason for the delay, the merits of the appeal and the question of
the degree of prejudice (see ¶ 11) .

(3) The delay was for some 14 days. Considering that the period allowed by s
34(1)(c) to apply for further arguments is only 7 days, a delay of 14 days
cannot be said to be relatively short. As for the second factor, Denko, other
than stating that it was simply an "oversight" on the part of the solicitors,
did not offer any other explanation with regard to the oversight. In respect
of the merits in the application for a stay on the ground of _forum non
conveniens_ , the application was not "hopeless", since Denko’s application
for a stay had succeeded before the SAR before it was reversed by Lai Siu Chiu
J on appeal. Fagerdala had not shown any real prejudice which could not be
compensated by costs, e.g., changed position pursuant to interlocutory order
(see ¶ 12 – 17).

(4) The greatest obstacle in the way of Denko’s application was in relation to
the first two factors. Not only was the length of the delay quite substantial,
there were no extenuating circumstances offered for the "oversight" of the
solicitor. Some explanation should have been offered to mitigate or excuse the
oversight. If, in every case, "oversight" is per se a satisfactory ground,
there will be a risk of turning the rules prescribing time into dead letters.
It would be all too simple for a party to run to a judge to ask for indulgence
because of oversight (see ¶ 18).

(5) As for the jurisdictional point, the reference to s 37(2) was erroneous.
The more appropriate provision is s 29A(3)(a) of the SCJA. By virtue of s
18(2) read with paragraph 7 of the First Schedule to the SCJA, the judge
making the interlocutory order could have the power to grant an extension of
time to enable Denko to apply for further arguments out of time. The Court of
Appeal would have the powers which are conferred upon the High Court, at the
hearing of the appeal or at the hearing of a matter incidental to the appeal:
s 29A(3)(a). However, Denko’s application for an extension of time to apply
for further arguments cannot be considered to be the "hearing of" an appeal or
a matter incidental to the hearing of an appeal, as there was, as yet, no
appeal (see ¶ 24 – 28).

(6) The Court of Appeal does not have an original jurisdiction to entertain an
application to extend time prescribed in s 34(1)(c). If Parliament had
intended that the Court of Appeal should have a separate power to extend time
prescribed in s 34(1)(c), it would have so provided as it did in relation to
the criminal jurisdiction of that Court: see ss 47(5) and 50 of the SCJA. In
the present case, Denko should have taken the following approach: it should
have applied to the judge to extend time for it to make the request for
further arguments and if the extension application is refused by the judge, it
can then appeal to the Court of Appeal (see ¶ 29 – 32).

**

Cases referred to

** _

Aberdeen Asset Management Asia Ltd v Fraser & Neave Ltd

_ [2001] 4 SLR 441 (refd) _

Gatti v Shoosmith

_ [1939] 3 All ER 916 (refd) _

Nomura Regionalisation Venture Fund Ltd v Ethical Investments Ltd

_ [2000] 4 SLR 46 (refd) _

Palata Investments Ltd v Burt & Sinfield Ltd

_ [1985] 2 All ER 517 (refd) _

Pearson v Chen Chien Wen Edwin

_ [1991] 1 SLR 212 (refd) _

Seabridge Transport Pte Ltd v Olivine Electronics Pte Ltd

_ [1995] 3 SLR 545 (refd) _

Singapore Press Holdings v Brown Noel Trading

_[1994] 3 SLR 151 (refd) _

Tan Chiang Brother’s Marble (S) Pte Ltd v Permasteelista Pacific Holdings Ltd

_ [2002] 2 SLR 225 (refd) _

The Tokai Maru

_[1998] 3 SLR 105 (folld) _

Thomson Plaza Pte ltd v The Liquidators of Yaohan Department Store Pte Ltd

_ [2001] 3 SLR 248 (refd) **

Legislation referred to

**

Rules of Court O 3 r 4, O 56 r 2, O 57 r 17

Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 15, 1970 Edition) s 34(2)

Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322) ss 18(2), 29A(1), 29A(3), 34(1)(c),
37(2), 47(5), 50, para 7 of First Schedule

_[Delivered by Chao Hick Tin JA]_

**Judgment:__**

**GROUNDS OF DECISION**

1 This was a motion by Denko-HLB Sdn Bhd (Denko), seeking the indulgence of
the Court of Appeal in respect of two matters –

(i) an extension of the time prescribed in s 34(1)(c) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (SCJA) for a request to be made for further arguments to the
judge in chambers in relation to an interlocutory order made by that judge.

(ii) an extension of time to file and serve a notice of appeal against the
said interlocutory order.

2 We heard the motion on 21 May 2002 and dismissed it. We now give our reasons
as some points of practical significance were in issue.

**

The Facts

**

3 Denko was the defendant in an action, Suit No. 1241/2001, brought by
Fagerdala Singapore Pte Ltd (Fagerdala) for money due on goods sold. Denko
applied to have the action stayed on the ground of _forum non conveniens_. The
Senior Assistant Registrar (SAR) granted the application and ordered a stay.
Fagerdala appealed against that order to the High Court. On 19 February 2002,
Lai Siu Chiu J, sitting in chambers, allowed the appeal and reversed the order
of the SAR. The effect of this decision was that there would be no stay of
proceedings.

4 It was not in dispute that the decision of 19 February 2002 was an
interlocutory order and that under s 34(1)(c), if Denko wished to appeal, it
must first apply for further arguments to the judge within seven days of the
order. Pursuant to O 56 r 2, if the judge certified that he did not wish to
hear further arguments, or if he failed to notify the party of his intention
within 14 days, he would be deemed not to require further arguments and the
party could proceed to file his notice of appeal. But if the judge should
certify that he wished to hear further arguments then the order already made
would be suspended and the judge at the further hearing could make such order
as he thought fit: see _Singapore Press Holdings v Brown Noel Trading_[1994] 3
SLR 151 and _Thomson Plaza Pte Ltd v The Liquidators of Yaohan Department
Store Pte Ltd_ [2001] 3 SLR 248.

5 In the present case, the solicitor for Denko overlooked the requirement of s
34(1)(c) and did not apply for further arguments within the prescribed time.
On 11 March 2002 his client instructed him to appeal and only then did he
realise that he had failed to comply with s 34(1)(c). So on 12 March 2002,
Denko’s solicitor applied for further arguments. Fagerdala objected to the
application by way of a letter dated 14 March 2002. On 19 March 2002, Denko
filed the notice of appeal. The next day, the Registrar of the Supreme Court
notified Denko that their request for further arguments was out of time and
not valid and that the notice of appeal filed by Denko the day before was also
not valid.

6 These were the factual matrix upon which Denko moved the court for the two
reliefs prayed for.

7 Finally, we should add that in the parties’ submissions before us, besides
seeking to persuade us to grant, or to refuse to grant, an extension of time,
in terms of the motion, Fagerdala had also raised a jurisdictional point.
However, we think it would be more expedient if we first deal with the
substantive application in the motion.

**

Extension of time

**

8 This Court has in numerous cases in the past set out the factors which
should guide the court in determining whether to grant an extension of time to
enable a party to file and/or to serve a notice of appeal out of time: e.g.,
_Pearson v Chen Chien Wen Edwin_ [1991] 1 SLR 212; _Nomura Regionalisation
Venture Fund Ltd v Ethical Investments Ltd_[2000] 4 SLR 46; _Aberdeen Asset
Management Asia Ltd v Fraser & Neave Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 441. Obviously, this
application by Denko was not strictly an application to extend time to file
and serve a notice of appeal. It was in relation to a step that was needed to
be taken before an appeal could be lodged. So the question is: should the
factors which are applicable to an extension of time to file and/or serve a
notice of appeal also apply here?

9 In this regard, the decision of this Court in _The Tokai Maru_ [1998] 3 SLR
105 is germane. The dispute there concerned late filing of affidavits of
evidence-in-chief. The appellants applied to obtain retrospective extension of
time for the late filing. The judge below held that as there was no material
before the court which satisfactorily explained the delay, he refused to give
any extension and instead granted the respondent’s application to have the
appellants’ defence struck out. On appeal, this Court ruled that a distinction
should be drawn between an application for an extension of time to file a
notice of appeal and an application to extend time in relation to other
matters and that a less stringent approach should be adopted in relation to
the latter kind of application. The Court declared the applicable principles
to be as follows (at 113-4):-

"The rules of civil procedure guide the courts and litigants towards the just
resolution of the case and should of course be adhered to. Nonetheless, a
litigant should not be deprived of his opportunity to dispute the plaintiff’s
claim and have a determination of the issues on the merits as a punishment for
a breach of these rules unless the other party has been made to suffer
prejudice which cannot be compensated for by an appropriate order as to costs.

Save in special cases or exceptional circumstances, it can rarely be
appropriate then, on an overall assessment of what justice requires, to deny a
defendant an extension of time where the denial would have the effect of
depriving him of his defence because of a procedural default which, even if
unjustified, has caused the plaintiff no prejudice for which he cannot be
compensated by an award of costs."

10 While Denko’s application was not an application for an extension of time
to file a notice of appeal, neither was it an application to extend time in
relation to a matter of the nature as in _The Tokai Maru._ But the objective
of Denko’s application was to enable Denko to appeal against the order made on
19 February 2002. It would appear that there is no previous case which
addressed this very point. As we see it, Denko’s application was more akin to
an application for an extension of time to file appeal rather than to file
affidavits of evidence-in-chief out of time as in _The Tokai Maru_. It was a
necessary step to filing an appeal. Therefore, a stricter approach should be
followed in determining whether an extension of time should be granted to
Denko. It must be borne in mind that the very limited time frame prescribed in
s 34(1)(c) is to ensure that an interlocutory order made by a judge in
chambers will obtain finality quickly so that the trial of the action will
take place soonest practicable and not be bogged down by interlocutory
squabbles. The trial of the action should not be delayed.

11 There are four factors which this Court have consistently declared to be
pertinent in determining whether an extension of time should be granted to
file or serve a notice of appeal: the length of the delay; the reason for the
delay; the merits of the appeal; and the question of the degree of prejudice.
We will consider these factors in turn.

**

Length of delay

**

12 The delayed application to request for further arguments was made on 12
March 2002 when Denko should have made it on 26 February 2002, a delay of some
14 days. Considering that the period allowed by s 34(1)(c) to apply for
further arguments is only 7 days, a delay of 14 days cannot be said to be
relatively short.

**

Reason for delay

**

13 As for the second factor, there was only a one line cryptic explanation for
the delay: "oversight on (solicitors) and there was no fault on the part of
(Denko)." We had in _Nomura Regionalisation_ reviewed the authorities where
mistake or oversight on the part of the solicitor was the cause of the delay
in filing or serving the notice of appeal out of time. At the conclusion of
the review, we made the following pronouncement (at 54-55):-

"We agreed … that there is no absolute rule of law which prescribes that an
error on the part of a solicitor or his staff can never, under any
circumstances, be a sufficient ground to grant an extension of time to file a
notice of appeal. Having said that, we do not think it is possible to lay down
any hard and fast rules as to the circumstances under which a mistake or error
on the part of the solicitor or his staff would be held to be sufficient to
persuade the court to show sympathy to the application. It is the overall
picture that emerges to the court that would be determinative. However, a
mistake, even _bona fide_ , is only one factor in the overall consideration.
Such a mistake _per se_ may not be sufficient to enable the court to exercise
its discretion in favour of an extension. As illustrations, and no more, we
note that two aspects which seem to have considerable bearing in the court’s
consideration in _Gatti v Shoosmiths_ and _Palata Investment v Burt &
Sinfield_ to grant extension were (i) the fact that in each of those two
cases, notice within the prescribed time was given to the other side that an
appeal would be taken and (ii) the mistake was understandable and not gross.
But this is not to say that only where such a notice was given that a blunder
by the solicitor or his staff would be viewed sympathetically. There could
well be other circumstances.."

14 We noted that in the affidavits filed in support, Denko, other than stating
that it was simply an "oversight" on the part of the solicitors, did not offer
any other explanation with regard to the "oversight". Section 34(1)(c) was
enacted in 1993. It is a provision which has been in operation for some nine
years and there is nothing in it which is complex or could give rise to a
misunderstanding. Indeed, the substance of what is in s 34(1)(c) has been
around for more than thirty years. In the 1970 Edition of Singapore Statutes,
s 34(2) of the then SCJA (Cap 15) read:

"No appeal shall lie from an interlocutory order made by a Judge in chambers
unless the Judge has certified, after application, within four days after the
making of such order by any party for further argument in court, that he
requires no further argument, or unless leave is obtained from the Court of
Appeal or from the Judge who heard the application."

**

Merits of application

**

15 With regard to the third factor, the merits, it must mean, in relation to
this case, the merits in Denko’s application for a stay on the ground of
_forum non-conveniens._ There was a clear connection between the judge wishing
to hear further arguments and the merits of the application for a stay. The
threshold to be satisfied on this factor was not high. It was not necessary
for Denko to show that the application was likely to succeed. All that was
necessary to be shown was that the application for a stay was not "hopeless".
We noted that before the SAR, Denko’s application for a stay was granted. It
was on appeal that Lai Siu Chiu J reversed this order. We really could not say
that the application for a stay was "hopeless" and thus, as far as the third
factor was concerned, we would say that it was satisfied.

**

Question of prejudice

**

16 Turning to the fourth factor, the degree of prejudice, two points were
raised by Fagerdala: (i) if an extension was granted, it would mean further
delay in the substantive action coming on for hearing before the court; and
(ii) a director of Denko, Dato Ahmed Anuar bin Mohamed, had informed Mr Paul
Yeo, the Managing Director of Fagerdala, that Denko were in the process of
completing the sale of their assets and/or the business was in the process of
being acquired by a third party. If this were true, the enforcement of any
eventual judgment which Fagerdala would obtain against Denko would be
frustrated. This allegation was, however, denied by Dato Ahmad Anuar and
Fagerdala was not able to produce any concrete evidence to substantiate its
assertion.

17 We accept that if an appeal were eventually filed it would, of course, lead
to some delay. But that would be the effect of almost every appeal. Fagerdala
had not shown any real prejudice which could not be compensated by costs,
e.g., changed position pursuant to interlocutory order. Thus, it seemed to us
that prejudice was not shown.

**

Our overall assessment

**

18 As we viewed it, the greatest obstacle in the way of Denko’s application
was in relation to the first two factors. Not only was the length of the delay
quite substantial (bearing in mind the prescribed period of time within which
a party must apply to the judge for further arguments was only 7 days), there
were no extenuating circumstances offered for the "oversight’ of the
solicitor. Some explanation should have been offered to mitigate or excuse the
oversight. If, in every case, "oversight" is _per se_ a satisfactory ground,
we run the risk of turning the rules prescribing time into dead letters. It
would be observed in breach. It would be all too simple for a party to run to
a judge to ask for indulgence because of oversight. The need for finality must
be borne in mind.

19 We have earlier referred to the fact that s 34(1)(c) has been in the
statute book since 1993. Furthermore, a similar, though not identical
provision, was in the SCJA long before that. In all recent cases where this
Court exercised its discretion to extend time, there were extenuating
circumstances in relation to the solicitor’s mistakes or oversight, e.g.,
_Nomura Regionalisation; Aberdeen Asset Management; Tan Chiang Brother’s
Marble (S) Pte Ltd v Permasteelista Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [2002]. Two English
cases, which are enlightening, had also adopted a similar approach: _Gatti v
Shoosmith_ [1939] 3 All ER 916 and _Palata Investments Ltd v Burt & Sinfield
Ltd _[1985] 2 All ER 517.

20 In summary, there must be circumstances which would persuade the court to
exercise its discretion in favour of the applicant. It would not be sufficient
for an applicant to merely say, my solicitor forgot about the whole matter.
This aspect was what was lacking in Denko’s application.

21 In passing, we must emphasise that the decision which Denko would like to
have reversed is not one relating to the substantive claim in the action. It
only decided that there would be no stay because Denko had failed to satisfy
the judge that Malaysia was the more appropriate forum. All it meant was that
the action proper would be heard here in Singapore.

**

Jurisdictional issue

**

22 We now turn to the jurisdictional point. Fagerdala contended that this
Court had no jurisdiction to grant an extension of time to enable Denko to
request the judge-in-chambers to hear further arguments. Its reasoning ran as
follows. This Court is a creature of the SCJA and its jurisdiction must, of
necessity, be as circumscribed in that Act. Its civil jurisdiction consists of
appeals from any judgment or order of the High Court, subject to the SCJA or
any other written law regulating the terms and conditions upon which the
appeals may be brought. Since Denko failed to comply with s 34(1)(c), the
decision of 19 February had become non-appealable.

23 Denko averred that this Court had no jurisdiction or power to extend time
to enable that decision to be rendered appealable, as no such jurisdiction or
power was conferred upon this Court by either s 34(1)(c) or any other
provisions in the SCJA, or any other written law. By virtue of s 18 and ¶7 of
the First Schedule of the SCJA, the High Court is given the power to enlarge
or abridge time prescribed by any written law for doing an act or taking any
proceeding, whether the application is made before or after the expiration of
the time prescribed. Section 37(2) of SCJA also provides that the Court of
Appeal "shall have all the powers and duties … of the High Court." But for s
37(2) to operate there must first be a pending appeal before the Court of
Appeal. And there was none here.

**

Analysis

**

24 We would at the outset state that the reference made by Denko to s 37(2) is
erroneous. This subsection touches on the powers of the Court of Appeal at the
hearing of an appeal and it specifically mentions that the Court of Appeal
"shall have all the powers and duties, as to amendment or otherwise of the
High Court" and it goes on to say the Court has full discretionary power to
receive further evidence. It does not relate to the power of the court,
whether the High Court or the Court of Appeal, to grant an extension of time.
If at all, it seems to us that the more appropriate provision is s 29A(3)(a),
which is set out later in ¶27.

25 It is clear, pursuant to s 34(1)(c), that in relation to an interlocutory
order made by a judge in chambers, unless the application for further
arguments is made within 7 days by the party who wishes to have the order
reversed or varied, no appeal may be brought against that order. Section 18(2)
provides that the High Court shall have the powers set out in the First
Schedule to the SCJA and ¶7 thereof reads as follows:-

"Power to enlarge or abridge the time prescribed by any written law for doing
any act or taking any proceeding, whether the application therefor is made
before or after the expiration of the time prescribed, but the provision shall
be without prejudice to any written law relating to limitation."

26 By virtue of ¶7 of the First Schedule, the judge making the order could
have the power to grant an extension of time to enable Denko to apply for
further arguments out of time. Of course, in the present case Denko did not
apply to the judge for an extension of time but had instead merely requested
for further arguments. This was rightly rejected by the Registrar, Supreme
Court, as being a request made out of time and was invalid.

27 So the question is, has the Court of Appeal the jurisdiction to entertain
an application in terms of the motion herein. Two provisions in the SCJA are
pertinent, s 29A(1) and (3), and they read:-

(1) The civil jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal shall consist of appeals
from any judgment or order of the High Court in any civil cause or matter
whether made in the exercise of its original or of its appellate jurisdiction
…

(3) For the purposes of and incidental to –

> (a) the hearing and determination of any appeal to the Court of Appeal; and

> (b) the amendment, execution and enforcement of any judgment or order made
> on such an appeal.

the Court of Appeal shall have all the authority and jurisdiction of the court
or tribunal from which the appeal was brought.

28 It seems to us clear that the civil jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal is
to hear appeals from the High Court. It also seems to us that the effect of s
29A(3) is that the Court of Appeal will only have the powers of the High
Court, where there is in existence an appeal. It is only at the hearing of the
appeal, or at the hearing of a matter incidental to the appeal, that the Court
of Appeal would have the powers which are conferred upon the High Court.
Denko’s application for an extension of time to apply for further arguments
can, under no stretch of the imagination, be considered to be the "hearing of"
of an appeal or a matter incidental to the hearing of an appeal. There was, as
yet, no appeal.

29 If Parliament had intended that the Court of Appeal should have a separate
power to extend the time prescribed in s 34(1)(c), it would have so provided
as it did in relation to the criminal jurisdiction of that Court: see ss 47(5)
and 50.

30 There may be a temptation to compare this application by Denko with an
application for an extension of time to file a notice of appeal, which this
Court often receives. Two factors differentiate the latter application from
the former. First, the time limit to file a notice of appeal is not prescribed
in the SCJA, but in the Rules of Court (the Rules). Second, the Rules
specifically gives a power to the High Court as well as this Court to extend
the time prescribed under the Rules: Order 3 r 4 and Order 57 r 17. Quite
apart from the question whether the Rules may modify what is laid down in s
34(1)(c), the Rules do not confer such a power or jurisdiction upon the Court
of Appeal to enlarge the time prescribed by that provision.

31 But that is not to say that the same application may not come before the
Court of Appeal by the more normal route. As we have mentioned, a dissatisfied
party, who is out of time, may apply to the judge to extend time (extension
application) for that party to make the request for further arguments (s 18(2)
read with ¶7 of the First Schedule). If the extension application is refused
by the judge, that party can then appeal to the Court of Appeal. That should
have been the approach which Denko should have taken. This appears to have
been the approach adopted in _Seabridge Transport Pte Ltd v Olivine
Electronics Pte Ltd_ [1995] 3 SLR 545 but with one difference. Instead of
making the extension application direct to the judge, the appellant made it to
the Assistant Registrar and having failed to obtain an extension from the
Assistant Registrar, the appellant did not pursue it further. So there was
really no cause for this Court in that case to consider this procedural point.
Similarly, there was also no cause for this Court in that case to express any
view whether it had a separate jurisdiction to entertain an application to
extend time prescribed in s 34(1)(c), other than by way of an appeal from a
refusal to extend time by the court below.

32 For the reasons we have indicated, it is our opinion that this Court does
not have an original jurisdiction to entertain an application to extend time
prescribed in s 34(1)(c). Thus, the motion filed by Denko was not in order.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW | CHAO HICK TIN | TAN LEE MENG  
---|---|---  
CHIEF JUSTICE | JUDGE OF APPEAL | JUDGE  
  
Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Jul 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

