Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Tiyatun and Another  
[2002] SGHC 76

Case Number | : | MA 35/2002, 36/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 April 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jaswant Singh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the appellant; Respondents in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Tiyatun; Another   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Respondents
force feeding child resulting in death – Convictions for causing death by rash
act not amounting to culpable homicide – Whether culpability stemming largely
from ignorance – Degree of rashness or negligence – Whether sentence of nine
months' imprisonment appropriate – s 304A Penal Code (Cap 224)  
  

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

The respondents, Tiyatun and Sakdiah, pleaded guilty to their respective and
similar charges under s 304A read with s 34 of the Penal Code (Cap 224) for
acting in furtherance of a common intention to cause the death of the
deceased, a child aged 21 months, by doing a rash act not amounting to
culpable homicide. The respondents were convicted and sentenced to a term of
nine months’ imprisonment each by the district judge. The public prosecutor
appealed against the sentence on the ground that it was manifestly inadequate.
After hearing their arguments, I dismissed the appeal and affirmed the
sentence. I now set out my reasons.

_

  
The facts

_

2 The respondents are both Indonesian nationals who were employed by the
child’s parents back in Indonesia to work in Singapore. Sakdiah, aged 24
years, was engaged as the family’s maid, while Tiyatun, aged 42 years, was
hired as the child’s nanny.

3 On 17 December 2001 at about 7.20pm, the respondents were feeding the child
in the toilet attached to his room. The child’s meal comprised of porridge
blended with soft minced meat and vegetables. Tiyatun, the elder of the pair,
directed Sakdiah to press the child’s nostrils together while holding down his
hands so as to temporarily incapacitate his movements. The purpose of such an
exercise was to force him to open his mouth, whereupon Tiyatun used a plastic
cup to pour food into his mouth. In the course of so doing, the child had
difficulty breathing. He started gasping for air and his face turned a bluish
hue.

4 Later that evening, his parents sent him to Kandang Kerbau Women’s and
Children’s Hospital (‘KKH’) for medical treatment where he was warded in the
intensive care unit.

5 The child passed away three days later on 20 December 2001 at 5.52am. The
final cause of death was certified to be "bronchopneumonia due to inhalation
of foreign material". The pathologist suggested that there were previous
occasions in the several weeks preceding the child’s death when he had inhaled
foreign material. A medical report submitted by KKH concluded that the fact
that food debris had been found in the upper airway and trachea of the child
constituted evidence that suggested choking.

6 Investigations revealed that the respondents had, without the knowledge of
the child’s parents, been feeding him in the same way since he was 13 months
old.

_

  
The appeal

_

7 The public prosecutor appealed against the sentence imposed on the ground
that it was manifestly inadequate. It was submitted, inter alia, that the
district judge had failed to accord sufficient weight to the aggravating
factors in the case and had erred in law and in fact in holding that the
culpability of the respondents stemmed largely from their ignorance when the
"crux of the offence lies in acting with the consciousness that mischievous
and illegal consequence may follow". The prosecution therefore pressed for a
deterrent sentence.

8 In the present case, there is no dispute that the acts of the respondents in
force feeding the child were rash. They had, in the court below, confirmed
that they were conscious that death was at least a possible consequence of
their actions. Yet, in spite of an awareness of the possibility of the
inherent risk involved, they had carried on with their method of force feeding
him. It was their rashness, in running the risk that the possibility of death
may ensue, that made them criminally culpable under s 304A. In this
connection, I found the district judge’s finding that the respondents’
culpability stemmed largely from their ignorance to be diametrically opposed
to the essence of the respondents’ conviction for causing death by a rash act.
Ignorance of a fact implies a lack of knowledge or awareness of it. On the
present facts, this was obviously not the case as the respondents had admitted
to being conscious that death was at least a possible consequence of their
method of force feeding. By their own admission, they were clearly not
ignorant of the consequence, as improbable as they might have considered it to
be, and had chosen to proceed regardless of their recognition of the risk of
death.

9 However, while I found that the district judge had erred in holding that the
culpability of the respondents stemmed largely from their ignorance, I was
also of the opinion that the sentence of nine months’ imprisonment was
appropriate in the circumstances of the case. The severity of the sentence for
a s 304A offence depends to a great extent on the degree of rashness or
negligence which was present in the conduct of the accused. The greater the
degree of rashness or negligence exhibited by the accused in the circumstances
wherein death resulted, the more reprehensible his conduct and the more severe
his sentence should be. For the purposes of sentencing, the mere fact that a
human life is lost does not in itself justify the court in passing a deterrent
sentence.

10 An example of an extremely high degree of rashness was that exhibited by
the accused in the unreported decision of _PP v Ikaeshi Dulkolid_ (DAC
41395/2000) cited by the prosecution before me. In that case, the accused, a
domestic maid, had picked up the deceased and extended the 14-months old
crying infant outside the window with the intent of letting the deceased see
the birds outside. The accused, without resting her own arms on the window
ledge for additional support, used her right palm to prop up the deceased’s
buttocks and placed her left hand under the deceased’s left arm-pit to steady
the deceased. While holding the deceased in this manner, the accused became
engrossed in her own thoughts. She lost her grip on the deceased who began
moving about thereby causing the deceased to fall to her death. The accused
pleaded guilty to the charge of causing the deceased’s death by doing a rash
act not amounting to culpable homicide pursuant to s 304A of the Penal Code
and was sentenced to the maximum term of imprisonment of two years.

11 It is axiomatic that the rashness exhibited in the case of _Ikaeshi
Dulkolid_ was of the highest degree. Holding an infant outside a window, was
an extremely foolish and dangerous thing to do. This was particularly so,
given that the accused was preoccupied with her thoughts, while holding the
infant so precariously. The probability of the risk of death ensuing in such a
situation was very high. The circumstances of the case clearly pointed to the
accused’s total disregard of the infant’s safety. Her rashness was of the most
extreme kind and she deserved the maximum sentence of two years’ imprisonment
for her blatant disregard for the life of another human being entrusted in the
care.

12 By contrast, while the respondents in the present case were criminally rash
in that they appreciated the risk of death as a possible consequence of their
method of feeding but chose to carry on regardless, the circumstances did not
smack of their total disregard for the child’s life. The fact remained that
the respondents were feeding the child a meal of porridge blended with soft
minced meat and vegetables, a meal that could have been easily swallowed by
the child. More importantly, they had been feeding him in the same manner over
the past eight months with no adverse consequences. Given the circumstances of
the case, the culpable rashness exhibited by the respondents was of a lesser
degree and deserving of a correspondingly lower sentence.

13 Based on the foregoing, I saw no reason for enhancing the sentence which
adequately reflected their criminality and was, in my opinion, sufficient to
create awareness of the risk inherent in force feeding as well as to deter
individuals with a similar practice from so doing.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW  
Cheif Justice

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Apr 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

