Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Fazely bin Rahmat and Another  
[2002] SGHC 141

Case Number | : | CC 12/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 July 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ng Cheng Thiam and Imran Abdul Hamid (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Public Prosecutor; BJ Lean (Syed Yahya & Partners) and Amarick Gill Singh (Tan, Gill & Paul) (assigned) for the first accused; Subhas Anandan and Anand Nalachandran (Harry Elias Partnership) (briefed) for the second accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Fazely bin Rahmat; Another   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Murder – Accused charged with being members of
unlawful assembly with common object to cause hurt with dangerous weapons –
Whether common object can be formed at any point in time – Original common
object of unlawful assembly – Whether accused aware that fellow gang members
carrying knives – Whether knowledge of knives being used by fellow gang
members necessarily leads to inference of new common intention by all members
– Whether charge against accused proven beyond reasonable doubt  
  
Evidence – Documentary evidence – Statements – Voluntariness of statement –
Admissibility – Statement admitted into evidence – Whether such evidence
necessarily incontrovertible – Whether maker can explain admitted statement's
contents  
  

**Judgment** __

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

**

The Gang

**

1\. The first accused Fazely Bin Rahmat (also known as "Pendek") and the
second accused Khairul Famy Bin Mohd Samsudin (also known as "Fami") are 20
and 19 years old respectively. They belonged to a secret society known by the
numerical name of "369". They were both charged for the murder of one Sulaiman
Bin Hashim, a 17-year old boy whom the two accused and their fellow gang
members mistook to be a member of a rival gang. The two accused were initially
charged together with a third member of their gang, Hasik Bin Sahar, but on
the first day of the trial the prosecution reduced the charge against the
latter to culpable homicide not amounting to murder. Hasik decided to plead
guilty to the amended charge and was taken to another court to be dealt with.
He was subsequently sentenced to life imprisonment. The trial of the first and
second accused then continued before me. Two other members of the gang,
Mohamad Fahmi Bin Abdul Shukor (known as "Fahmi") and Mohammad Ridzwan Bin
Samad (known as "Chemong"), were sentenced in the subordinate courts to three
years' imprisonment and six strokes of the cane each for their involvement in
the attack on Sulaiman. Three other members Muhammad Syamsul Ariffin (known as
"Aki"), Norisham Bin Mohammad Dahlan (known as "Baby"), and Sharlhawazi Bin
Ramy (known as Boy Sharul") were still at large when this trial commenced. Two
other members of the gang were not involved in the assault as they had gone
home after the party. They were Mohamad Khairsofian (known as "Pian") and
Sophian (known as "Yan").

**

The Assault On Sulaiman

**

2\. On 31 May 2001 Sulaiman and two of his friends, Muhamad Sharif and Mohamed
Imran, were walking along the footpath outside _Bernie Goes To Town_ , a
public house (commonly referred to as a 'pub'), at South Bridge Road about 4
o'clock in the morning. The two accused together with four of their friends
were walking on the opposite side of the road and in the opposite direction.
The accused and their friends had just celebrated Aki's birthday at _Club 7_
at Mohamad Sultan Road, and arrived at South Bridge Road. The members of the
accused persons’ gang spotted Sulaiman and his friends on the opposite side of
the road (South Bridge Road), so they crossed the road just behind Sulaiman's
party. This gang (without Chemong and Fahmi) caught up with Sulaiman and his
friends just outside _Bernie Goes To Town_ and attacked them. Muhamad Sharif
and Mohamed Imran fled for their lives but not before Muhamad Sharif was
assaulted and stabbed. When these two (Sharif and Imran) returned to the scene
in a taxi a short time later, they saw Sulaiman lying in a pool of blood at
the spot where they were attacked. Sulaiman was later pronounced dead at the
scene. The pathologist Dr. Paul Chui testified that Sulaiman's death was
caused by stab wounds to the neck and chest. He also testified that the wounds
were consistent with those inflicted by a knife with a single sharp blade,
possibly similar to the knife recovered by the police (P44) from a rented flat
occupied by Aki, Baby, Chemong, and Hasik.

**

The Prosecution Case

**

3\. The prosecution case against the two accused was founded on the premise
that they were part of a gang who had a common object to attack Sulaiman with
dangerous weapons and cause him grievous hurt. Neither accused disputed the
evidence that they were part of the gang that attacked Sulaiman and his two
friends. However, they denied stabbing Sulaiman and only admitted to punching
and kicking him. Their defence was that others in the gang stabbed Sulaiman,
but the two accused claimed that they did not know that knives were carried by
the others nor had they formed any intention to use them.

4\. Several statements of the two accused were admitted in evidence. One of
which, namely the statement of the first accused recorded on 28 June 2001 was
admitted only after a _voir dire_. The first accused challenged the
admissibility of the statement on the ground that it was not made voluntarily.
His reasons were not sufficiently strong to convince me that it was unsafe to
admit it in evidence. He claimed that as he was dressed in T-shirt and shorts
he was feeling unbearably cold. He also testified that the recording officer
(ASP Goh Boon Tat) told him not to lie and that he (ASP Goh Boon Tat) had sent
many people to the gallows and that he could send the first accused to the
gallows within a week. He was also told by ASP Goh that the judge would not
believe him if he said that he did not kick Sulaiman. The first accused then
said that ASP Goh provided most of the information and "seemed to be copying
from a piece of paper". All this evidence seemed very disjointed and, in my
view, little in what was said created any impression of duress or oppression
operating on the mind of the first accused. The thrust of his case, however,
was that the first accused was feeling very cold during the recording of the
statement. I accept that the room in which the statement was recorded was
cold. The interpreter Iskander Goh admitted as much, but he did not think that
it was so cold that the first accused would be feeling any discomfort.
Iskander Goh, was, on his own evidence, warmly dressed with his sweater on,
and may not be best placed to assess how the accused felt. However, the first
accused did not protest that he was so cold that he could not carry on with
the interview. I accept that the accused was probably cold and may not be as
sharp or alert as he might otherwise be in order to check or clarify his
statement, but I do not think that the statement was not made voluntarily. I
am satisfied that the statement was given without any threat, inducement or
promise and admitted it in evidence. The statements of the two accused contain
admissions that they, together with four others (including Hasik and Aki),
took part in the assault on Sulaiman. On all the evidence above, I called upon
the defence and both accused elected to testify.

**

The Defence Case

**

5\. They testified that they did not know that Baby, the leader of their gang,
and Aki were armed and they did not know or expected weapons to be used. In
short, they asserted that the common object of the gang was to beat up members
of rival gangs should they encounter them in the course of the morning. They
denied that they had any common object with the others to kill or use any
dangerous weapon. There was no evidence to contradict this evidence that
neither of them was armed with either knife or dagger, or any similar weapon.
The evidence from both accused had consistently been that the fatal wounds
were caused by either Baby, Aki, and Boy Sharul or any one of the three. The
first accused, however, admitted that he had used a wallet chain (made for the
purpose of hooking one's wallet at one end and the belt loop of his trousers
at the other) in an attempt to hit Sulaiman, but the attempt failed because
the chain hit Baby on the arm and broke when it fell to the ground. I had
examined the broken pieces and am satisfied that the wallet chain did not seem
to be sufficiently lethal to be ascribed as a dangerous weapon. There is no
evidence that this wallet chain was brought along specifically as a weapon.
That the first accused had used it and not just his fists and feet (like the
second accused) is a factor to be taken into account. It is also not disputed
that the fatal wounds were caused by daggers or knives, and not by this chain.

**

The Common Object

**

6\. The charge against the two accused indicts them as "members of an unlawful
assembly _whose common object was to cause hurt with dangerous weapons_ to
members of the '303' Secret Society…". I have emphasized the relevant portion
because that is the critical mental element that constitutes the backbone of
the charge of murder in this case. I have to begin with the observation that
the prosecution was unsure as to how to make the connection between this
important element and the evidence. I will explain, but it is necessary first,
to refer to the learned DPP's written submission where he asked (at page 7),
"Was there a pre-arranged plan to beat up rival gang members? And were the
First [and Second] Accused aware of this plan?". Then he asked (at page 11),
"Were the First [and Second] Accused aware of the use of knives? And at what
stage did they come to know of the knives?" The third major question posed by
the learned DPP (at page 15) was, "Upon realising that knives were being used,
what role did the First [and Second] Accused play in the attack?". The DPP
then proceeded to answer these questions. In regard to the first question, the
DPP was very meticulous in trawling the evidence to establish the 'purpose' of
the gang, which he summarised in these words, "to beat up the rival gang
members". He submitted that "at no time was there a change of plan". Referring
to Khairul's statement marked as P107, the DPP pointed out that the second
accused admitted "that the purpose was to go there and fight". However, he
also submitted that s 149 "does not require proof of a pre-arranged plan. An
unlawful object could develop suddenly, on the spot after the offenders gather
at the scene of the occurrence."

7\. I shall pause at this juncture to consider this aspect more fully before
continuing with the other questions posed by the learned DPP. The DPP is
absolutely right in so far as the evidence, including the admissions of both
accused in their statements and oral evidence in court, are concerned. The
common object of the gang as verbally articulated by their leader "Baby" was
to go to _Rootz Discotheque_ (which is near _Bernie Goes To Town_) to look for
rival gang members. This was understood by the gang to mean beating them up.
There has been no evidence from that moment, up to the time the gang accosted
Sulaiman, that weapons of any kind were discussed or contemplated. Up to that
point, as the DPP pointed out, there was no change in their plan. The
difference between the object of picking a fight and attacking the intended
quarry with dangerous weapons is too stark and serious to disregard or to give
it scant attention. From the evidence, I am satisfied that the common object
of the entire gang, other than the two who went home, but including the two
who went to scout for get-away taxis, was to find rival gang members to beat
up. Up to this juncture, there is no basis to add in the words _with dangerous
weapons_. The evidence does not support it.

**

One Or Two Common Objects?

**

8\. The next step in the analysis of the evidence, in view of the fact that
knives were used in the actual assault, is to enquire when, if at all, a new
and separate common object was formed by those at the scene to attack Sulaiman
and his friends with knives; and if so, did the two accused share this new
common object. It is at this stage of the analysis that the question as to
when, if at all, the two accused were aware that knives were being used by
other members of the gang (it is not disputed that the two accused themselves
did not use any knife) becomes relevant. This factual issue is relevant
because a new or different common object can be formed at any point in time.
Short of an express declaration, as was the case in the original common
object, the evidence of the events from the time the gang spotted Sulaiman
must be scrutinized to ascertain whether they sufficiently support the
formation of a new common object (to use dangerous weapons). In this regard,
as I have mentioned, it is not clear what the prosecution case is. Is it based
on the premise that the common object was formed when the gang was still at
Mohamad Sultan Road where they were celebrating Aki's birthday, or a new
common object was formed by the gang? If it was the latter, it is also not
clear as to when and how this new object was formed. The DPP's submission
seems to waver between one and the other. For instance, Mr. Ng submitted
emphatically that "at no time was there a change of plan by Baby". Was he
suggesting that the common object to use knives was formed at the outset -
before the gang arrived at _Bernie Goes To Town_? Expanding on his written
submission, Mr. Ng maintained that the prosecution was not relying on the
'second limb" of s 149 of the Penal Code, that is, that the accused knew that
the offence of murder was likely to be committed. In other words, his case
rests on the premise that the accused are culpable because they shared the
same common object to cause hurt with dangerous weapons. This meant, of
course, that the two accused must have shared the knowledge and intention of
the gang's common object. Pausing here, it is plain that on this premise, it
would not matter whether the two accused actually saw the knives being used or
that the knives were used only after the two accused had done their part of
beating the victim. However, the bulk of Mr. Ng's submission focussed on the
argument that knives were drawn by one or more members of the gang after they
accosted Sulaiman, and that the two accused knew that knives were aware that
the knives were drawn when they (the two accused) were assaulting Sulaiman.
This argument is relevant only if it is in support of a submission that a new
common object was formed after the gang arrived at _Bernie Goes To Town_ , but
Ng stopped short of saying that a new common object superseded the old.

**

Original Common Object

**

9\. The evidence from the prosecution and the defence indicates that the
original common object was to pick a fight with such rival gang members as
they may find. It is a question of semantics whether "picking a fight" is a
more accurate description than "beating them up". The evidence suggests that
the more accurate description is the former. The latter is merely a more
optimistic version of the latter. (I am using the more neutral version of
"picking a fight"). Fazely was told by Baby in the taxi on the way to South
Bridge Road, that they were going to "hit" and "attack" their rival gang. In
their statements to the police Khairul and Hasik say that Baby merely
commanded them to proceed to _Rootz_ , and although no other words were used
they understood him to mean that they were going there to look for a fight
with their rival gang, or to beat them up. But certainly no reference was made
with regard to any weapon. It is axiomatic that an unlawful assembly may form
a common object at any point in time. Both accused also testified that they
had been involved in previous fights with rival gangs but no weapons were
used. There is no evidence that the common object as formed when the gang left
_Club 7_ was to pick a fight _with dangerous weapons_. I do not think that
just because one or more of the relatively large gang had drawn daggers or
knives at the scene of crime that the natural inference must be that the
common object, right from the beginning, was to use the knives. The evidence
must be considered and weighed in totality. I shall revert to the evaluation
of the evidence shortly, but for the moment, I should state my finding that
the original common object was merely to pick a fight without the use of
dangerous weapons. The question that follows, is whether a new common object
was formed at the time of the assault?

**

New Common Object

**

10\. In the situation as the facts have presented, two equally contentious
possibilities emerge. First, even if one or more members had knives, there may
not be a new common object in that the others may not have seen them so armed,
or, if they had, may nonetheless, not have shared the same object of using it
on the victim. Secondly, it may be possible that the other members became
aware that some of them had drawn, and support the use of those knives - in
that case a common object to, among other things, use the knives, may be
formed. This is, of course, just a concise description of the possible
situations, each of which are constituted under its own facts. Knowledge that
a knife had been taken out and used in the assault is, naturally, strong
evidence of a concurring mind, although it does not necessarily lead to an
irresistible inference that that is so. To draw such an inference without more
is a mere exercise in logic; narrowly applied, disregarding reasons and
explanations. That is neither a careful nor thoughtful approach, and the fact
finding exercise will thus be reduced to the adoption of the formulaic
expression: "Knife drawn + knowledge = common object to use knife". The
inference of that common object should only be made after all relevant
evidence are considered and weighed. The detail is as important as the broad
picture. Fact finding in a trial is a complex, but not a complicated exercise.
What then, is the evidence in this case, and how should it be evaluated?

**

Some Salient Evidence

**

11\. I begin with an indubitable piece of evidence pertaining to the actual
assault. That is that one of Sulaiman's companions (Muhamad Sharif) was
stabbed very early on in the encounter between the two groups, suggesting that
a knife was used very early on. However, Muhamad Sharif was unable to say who
used the knife, how it was used, and neither did he see the knife. If Muhamad
Sharif who was a victim of the knife attack did not see the knife, did anyone
else see it? It is possible that someone might have. In his testimony the
first accused denied seeing any knife (this would put him in the same category
as Muhamad Sharif, that is, present at scene but did not see a knife).
However, in his statement to the police (P100) his version gave a different
account. He explained in court how that discrepancy came about. He testified
that when he gave his statement while in remand he was told (by the
investigating officer) how the incident took place, and was asked to confirm
that story. He testified that in court, he felt that "he was allowed to give
the whole narration freely".

12\. The second accused testified that he saw Aki stab Sulaiman, but that he
(the second accused) had already stopped his assault on Sulaiman and had
backed off. In his statement to the police (P106) he stated in 8 that he saw
Aki, and Baby stabbing Sulaiman, but after the second accused had ceased his
own assault on Sulaiman. It should be noted, for completeness, that in his
statement to the police, Hasik described the crucial sequence in the following
passage (19), relied on by the DPP:

> > "On reaching the spot where Baby was, I saw the male Malay, who was in a
> black shirt lying on his back at the step of the stairs leading to a pub.
> Baby was stabbing the male Malay at his head. Boy Sharul was slashing the
> male Malay on his neck. As for Pendek [the first accused], I saw him took
> out his chain-belt from his jeans and swung (sic) it at the male Malay.
> Khairul Fami was the first to reach them and he shouted "Tepi!-Tepi!" which
> means to 'move aside'. Thereafter Khairul Fami [corrected from 'Pendek']
> moved aside and Aki kicked the person on his face and also punches the face
> of the person. Following this I saw Khairul Fami [corrected from 'Pendek']
> moved aside and Aki together with Baby were stabbing the person on his head
> and neck. Boy Sharul then shouted to leave. We then moved away from the said
> place…." (sic)

13\. The two accused were charged with a capital offence because on the facts,
it appears that whoever plunged the knife into Sulaiman had committed murder.
The two accused will share the burden of that guilt if they had shared a
common object with the wielder of the knife - but not, if they did not. The
facts in this case are significantly different from that in _PP v Thongthot
Yorsad-Art_ case (CC 3 of 2002, unreported). In the _Thongthot_ case, six men
all armed, with an assortment of deadly weapons, went searching for a specific
target with the intention of assaulting him using the weapons they carried.
The common object was easily proved in that case. In the present case, not
every one was armed, and there is no evidence that the two accused knew who in
the gang was armed, let alone the knowledge that weapons would be used. The
evidence was that in all the previous fights that they had engaged in, no
weapons were used. It is true that we only have the words of the two accused
for this, but their evidence on this score was not contradicted by evidence of
any previous antecedents and I am prepared to accept their evidence on this
score.

14\. Another significant piece of evidence is that the assault took place in
the early hours of the morning where there was no natural light, and the
assault was over very quickly. To these it may reasonably be added that as may
be expected of an ambush by six men on three, that the occasion was not
orderly, and the mayhem was a question of degree. The evidence of what took
place exactly at the assault must, therefore, be considered in this context.

**

Evaluation Of Evidence And Submissions

**

15\. The learned DPP submitted (at 67 of his submission) that "the first
accused condoned the action of the rest of his gang members. They started the
fight together and they finished the fight together and went away from the
scene together. The common object to beat up the victim did not change or
diminished by the fact of the first accused walking away. It merely meant that
the first accused left it to the others to finish the job. If the others were
to kill the victim, the first accused should therefore also shoulder the legal
consequences of the dastardly act." This line omits the all-important bridge
between premise and conclusion namely, _the common object_. A common object to
pick a fight without weapons may not have the same consequences, factual or
legal, as one in which the use of dangerous weapons was contemplated. The DPP
further concluded (in 75) that "the common object of causing hurt to the
victim with dangerous weapons is clearly made out. The consequence of the
attack was the death of the deceased". In my view, this is a completely
erroneous conclusion. What was clearly made out was a common object to pick a
fight or beat up some rival gang members. At the fight (or more accurately,
the assault), dangerous weapons were used by _some_ of the gang. The victim
died from wounds inflicted by those weapons. But we return to the question
that will not go away - _did a new common object supplant the original one?_

16\. The only evidence that the prosecution relied upon to support its case
(that there was a common object to use dangerous weapons) are the statements
of the accused persons to the police that indicated that they had kicked
Sulaiman after he had already been stabbed. The inference that the DPP draws
from this, and which he wishes me to find as a fact, is that this evidence
establishes the common object. It is important to remind ourselves that even
if the written statements are accepted as stating the truth of what happened,
specifically, namely that the two accused persons carried out their parts in
the assault even after the armed members had drawn their knives, the
prosecution has still to prove that a common object to do so had been formed.
The one does not follow the other as a matter of course. The question as to
whether the two accused or either of them had formed a new common object with
their knife-wielding friends is one that must be answered by the evaluation of
all the evidence, each in detail, and all in connection with one another,
without losing sight of the context and circumstances of the events. The
statements of the accused persons, and their oral evidence are, therefore,
parts of the essential material for consideration. In this case, there is a
manifest discrepancy - the oral testimonies in court contradict the written
statements to the police in so far as to the moment when knives were drawn.
Mr. Ng argues that the statements contain the truth, and that the oral
testimonies are lies because they are inconsistent with the written
statements. This is, of course, too simplistic an approach. Written statements
to the police was once inadmissible because of the thinking that a man ought
not to incriminate himself. That line was modified when it became accepted
view that the evil we wish to avoid is the coercion of the accused and not his
statement. Hence, the rules were changed so that statements of the accused are
admissible if the court is satisfied that they were made voluntarily. But it
does not follow that once the court admits the statement into evidence it
stands as incontrovertible evidence - just because the court is of the view
that it was not made under a threat, inducement or promise (as the courts have
defined them to be). The statement becomes another piece of the evidence
before the court. What is stated may or may not be true. That is what the
court has to consider, like any other evidence before it. There are two more
points to be made in this regard. First, even when a statement has been
admitted in evidence, the maker is entitled to explain what he said and why he
said what he said. Secondly, the court's finding of guilt or otherwise does
not depend solely on whether the statements carry the truth although it must
be recognised that, generally, a written statement forms a forceful piece of
evidence unless the persuasiveness of the explanation matches that force, but
there is little point in listening to the oral explanation if the written
statement is to be preferred as a matter of course.

17\. The 'incriminating' (from the prosecution's point of view) statements in
this case are sparse; no more than a paragraph or two, and the oral evidence,
including that under cross-examination is not much more; but there is nothing
exceptional about this. The point in issue, crucial as it may be, is a very
narrow one. Taking all the evidence into account, I find little difficulty in
finding that the attack took place swiftly and was over very quickly. Although
the DPP takes the view that there was adequate light for the knives to be seen
clearly, I think that it is not unreasonable to accept the accused person's
contention that the lighting was poor. It may be sufficient for the knives to
be seen clearly, but it may not be sufficient for the knives to be clearly
seen. This is not intended as a play on words. I shall explain. Taking a step
back to consider from a broader perspective, the circumstances in which the
attack took place, one must recall that there was a fairly large group of
people involved (although a few began to run away and others gave chase) in an
incident occurring under a street lamp as opposed to natural light, the action
was swift as it was furious. It was not the sort of occasion where those
involved (on either side) had the luxury of time nor the comfort of safety to
observe in detail what the others were doing. I had considered the evidence of
the accused persons against this background, and am of the view that there was
nothing in the way or manner of their testimony that disinclines me from
granting them the benefit of doubt. This is a case which, but for the
inconsistency in their written statements, I would have said that I believe
their testimonies. Nonetheless, even after taking their written statements
into account, there is still a reasonable doubt in my mind as to whether the
two accused actually saw the knives being drawn _before_ they carried out
their part of the assault. More importantly, even if they had carried on
hitting Sulaiman after their friends had stabbed him, there is insufficient
evidence to convince me beyond reasonable doubt that the two accused had,
there and then, formed a new common object of _causing hurt with dangerous
weapons_ as charged.

18\. The evaluation of the evidence must necessarily include a consideration
of the written statements of Hasik (P98 and D2), as well as his evidence in
court and also the evidence of Chemong and Fahmi. I should also mention that
the convictions of these three in respect of their part in the assault on
Sulaiman are independent matters left to the prosecutor's discretion and the
defence. They cannot safely be used to bolster the case for either prosecution
or defence in the case before me. However, it was relevant for the court to
know what charges had been proffered against them if they relate to the same
incident, if only to be satisfied that nothing materially relevant may be
gleaned from those cases and nothing more. So far as Hasik's evidence in court
is concerned, I am unable to place any weight on it as he was a figure of
dejection and had no interest whatsoever in giving any evidence in the spirit
that was required of a material witness. He was thus unable to provide any
further information or explain any part of his written statements. So, having
taken all the written statements into account, and apportioning the weight to
them as I think appropriate, I come to the following conclusion.

**

Conclusion

**

19\. In cases such as this where a young and innocent life is senselessly
slain, the retribution of the law must be inflicted swiftly and firmly but,
appropriately, as against the diverse offenders and the diverse nature of
their crime. In this case, I am of the view that the defence had raised a
reasonable doubt as to whether the two accused are guilty of murder in having
a common object with others to cause hurt with dangerous weapons to Sulaiman
Bin Hashim. However, on the facts as I have found, both accused are guilty of
an offence of Rioting under s 147 of the Penal Code, Ch 224. I therefore find
them guilty of that offence and convicted them accordingly.

20\. I am of the view that it is inappropriate and wrong to amend the murder
charge to one under s 299 Penal Code for culpable homicide not amounting to
murder because the mental element that s 299 requires to be present had not
been proved on the facts as I have found in this case. Why it was that Hasik
pleaded guilty to a s 299 is not a matter before me. However, it will be
remembered that he was, together with the two accused before me, faced with a
capital charge. Whether he accepted the reduced charge as a life-line is a
decision personal to him, and if that proves to be an error of judgment on his
part he has to seek correction elsewhere.

21\. After hearing submissions in mitigation, and the reply by the DPP, I am
of the view that there is insufficient distinction between the two accused to
be reflected in the sentences against them. The offence was sufficiently
serious to merit a stiff punishment and I therefore sentenced them to five
years imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane each. The sentence of
imprisonment shall commence from the date of their arrest.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Jul 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

