Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Thongthot Yordsa-Art and Another  
[2002] SGHC 34

Case Number | : | CC 3/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 February 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ravneet Kaur, Sia Aik Kor and Paul Chia [Attorney-General's Chambers] for the prosecution; Goh Aik Leng [Goh Aik Leng & Partners] (assigned) and Rajendran Kumaresan [W T Woon & Co] (assigned) for the first accused; Ram Goswami [Ram Goswami] (assigned) and Boon Khoon Lin [Dora Boon & Co] (assigned) for the second accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor â€” Thongthot Yordsa-Art; Dornchinnamat Yingyos   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. The first and second accused, aged 33 and 20 respectively, are Thai
nationals charged under s 149 read with s 302 of the Penal Code for being part
of an unlawful assembly consisting of six persons with a common object of
causing grievous hurt to Saenphan Thawan (referred to by the witnesses as
"Yaou"). It is also the prosecution case that in the course of that assault
one or more of the members of the assembly murdered Yaou. The crime was
committed between 10pm and midnight of 2 June 2001 at a vacant lot off Pioneer
Road North. This place was somewhat inaccurately referred to by the Thais
involved in this case as the "Kian Teck" area, a reference to Kian Teck Road
which was not far away. Nevertheless, I shall adopt that reference for
convenience, as I do with "Yaou".

2\. It will be useful and convenient at this point to refer to the
requirements under s 149 of the Penal Code. That section provides as follows:

> "If an offence is committed by any member of an unlawful assembly in
> prosecution of the common object of that assembly, or such as the members of
> that assembly knew to be likely to be committed in prosecution of that
> object, every person who, at the time of committing that offence, is a
> member of the same assembly, is guilty of that offence."

This is a provision designed to encapsulate a myriad statutory offences into s
149 without having to set them out specifically and individually. The offence
which applies in any given case depends on the common object of the group.
Thus, if the common object is to sexually, and by force, molest a victim, and
in order to carry out that common object, the group kidnaps their victim and
subsequently molest her, each and every member of the group is liable to be
prosecuted for abduction, kidnapping, outrage of modesty, or even causing hurt
as the case may be. A member of that group is not excused on the ground that
he participated only in the abduction but not the outraging of modesty, or
_vice versa_. The provision in question also applies to cases in which the
members of an unlawful assembly knows that a particular offence is likely to
be committed in prosecution of their common object. So, for instance, if the
common object of the group is to set a dormitory ablaze in the middle of the
night, knowing that there are occupants there who are likely to be burnt,
hurt, or killed, then if any such consequence ensued each member is liable for
such offence as the case may be. The element of knowledge here is the
knowledge of each member who shares the common object. In view of what I have
said above, it becomes obvious that in cases in which the common object is to
cause hurt by means of dangerous weapons, the charge need only state that as
the common object. Grievous hurt and murder are technical and legal terms that
describe the more serious consequences of an assault. Thus, if the common
object of an unlawful assembly was to cause hurt, whether the members may be
liable for grievous hurt or murder depends on whether they knew that those
were likely consequences in the prosecution of their object; and that depends
on the facts of each individual case.

3\. The unchallenged evidence of the pathologist Dr. Paul Chui in this case
established that the injuries inflicted on Yaou were caused about the time in
question and were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause death.
He noted that there were at least three injuries on Yaou, each of which was
sufficient in itself to result in death. The biggest of the three was the
injury to the back of the head that ran from one ear to the other. A wedge of
the skull had been cleaved off with the wound running so deep that the brain
and spinal cord were cut. I have no difficulty accepting this evidence. No one
could possibly survive so grievous an injury. Both accused admitted that they
were part of the gang of six who confronted Yaou at the material time. The
focus of the trial was therefore on the question as to whether the group had
gone to seek Yaou with the common object of causing hurt, and the important
ancillary one of whether they knew that death was a likely result of their
common object.

4\. The largely undisputed evidence concerning Yaou is that he was an
influential man in the small community of Thai squatters at Kian Teck. He
appeared to be the person who controlled the gambling and prostitution
activities, as well as the selling of drugs there. About ten days prior to the
assault one Wena Awaburt, who was the girl friend of the first accused, had
gone to Kian Teck with a Thai woman called "Fon". What she and Fon did or
intended to do there is irrelevant. Wena was confronted by Yaou who showed his
displeasure at her presence there by telling her "not to do a man's job" and,
while pointing a knife at her, told her that if he catches her there again he
would have her raped and silenced. Wena left in tears and returned to Jalan
Bahar. "Jalan Bahar" was the term used by the witnesses to refer to a forested
area off Jalan Bahar where the first accused had set up a small colony of Thai
nationals living in makeshift huts without common domestic amenities such as
piped water or electricity. One of the huts was used as a kitchen and dining
area.

5\. Wena reported her experience at Kian Teck to the first accused when she
returned to Jalan Bahar. The first accused was initially angry with Wena for
ignoring his advice not to go to Kian Teck, but eventually, Yaou's insult
peeved him even more, and his anger turned towards Yaou himself. Within three
days, the first accused gathered his friends Rang and Sunthorn, who in turn,
gathered four others including the second accused; together the seven men went
to Kian Teck to find Yaou with the view of "teaching him a lesson", but the
exercise was in vain as they could not find their quarry. In his oral
testimony, the first accused explained that as far as he was concerned, the
object of teaching Yaou a lesson was simply to bring him back to Jalan Bahar
where he will be asked to apologise to Wena, and that if he refuses to go to
Jalan Bahar, to have him telephone Wena to convey his apology.

6\. About two days before 2 June, the first accused received information that
Yaou was back at Kian Teck. Once again he made arrangements with Rang and his
friends to find Yaou. On the evening of 2 June 2001, from 6pm onwards, the
group gathered at Jalan Bahar, with the arrival of Rang, and two of his
friends who were not known to the first accused. Two others from the previous
failed mission, namely Sunthorn and the second accused had been staying at
Jalan Bahar since the first incident. This group of six spent the early part
of the evening drinking. Then at 10pm they left for Kian Teck. They went by
taxi driven by one Lee Bon Liang who testified that he drove the group there
in two trips for which he was paid $40. Lee could only identify the first
accused because he paid the fare. He also recalled that some of the men were
wearing "army uniforms" and carried umbrellas but was unable to say how many
carried umbrellas. The defence did not dispute the prosecution evidence from
Namphakdee Thapanee, the girl friend of Yaou that the gang accosted Yaou and
her at Kian Teck where they had found the couple, she sitting on a bed, and
Yaou squatting beside it. It is also not disputed that members of that group
killed Yaou in the course of the confrontation. I now come to the disputed
evidence.

7\. The prosecution case is that the gang of six assembled at Kian Teck with
the common object of causing grievous hurt to Yaou and to that end all six
were armed; some with knives, some with _parangs,_ a long sword, and others
with a variety of metal chains. The first accused steadfastly maintained that
his intention was only to teach Yaou a lesson, by which he meant to get him to
apologise to Wena. He therefore arrived at Kian Teck unarmed. He said that
although he did not see his party arming themselves and concealing the weapons
in umbrellas, he was aware that it was Rang's personal practice to be armed
wherever he went. The first accused admitted in court, as he did in his
statements to the police, that he was himself armed with a knife; but he
clarified that the knife was handed to him by the second accused only after
they had arrived at Kian Teck and after the second accused, returning from an
early reconnaissance further infield, advised the first accused to keep the
knife for his protection because he believed that Yaou was also armed. The
second accused also made various statements to the police, including his
cautioned statement under s 122(6) of the CPC in which he admitted to using
weapons and participating in the assault. However, he testified in court that
those parts of the statements were not correct because he did not make them.
He explained that the interpreter did not interpret those portions to him. He
added that at the material times he was under physical and mental distress,
and was in no condition to listen to what was read to him. Taking his evidence
in the light of the corrections he made there, and the evidence of the
interpreter and recording officer, it was an explanation that I do not accept.

8\. The evidence from two of the Thai women who stayed at the Jalan Bahar
huts. One of the two, Somjit Kheelawong testified that she saw the first
accused and three other men leaving for Kian Teck after arming themselves with
knives and chains. Although her testimony related to the aborted first mission
(which was about a week before 2 June 2001) to Kian Teck, it is relevant
because the accused persons maintained that on that occasion they were
unarmed. Lek Chuatum, the other witness, who was also the girl friend of the
second accused testified that on the evening of 2 June 2001 just before the
group left for Kian Teck, she saw Rang conceal a sword in an umbrella and
heard him ask the second accused to help him tie the sword to it. Lek and
Somjit were cross-examined thoroughly by counsel for the two accused. In
assessing their evidence, I took into account the difficulties inherent in
translated evidence, as well as inconsistencies, and conclude that the
evidence of these two women are reliable. There were various weapons such as a
_parang_ and a meat cleaver found at the scene of crime, but it is not the
prosecution case that these were the weapons that were used to kill Yaou.
There appears no direct evidence as to whose weapons these were. The police,
however, recovered an array of similar weapons as well as metal chains at the
huts in Jalan Bahar. More important is the admission in court by the first
accused that he had used the knife given to him by the second accused at Kian
Teck to stab Yaou. However, he qualified his evidence by saying that he did it
in order to "stop Yaou from running" and that he inflicted the wound just as
Yaou was falling to the ground. Studying his oral evidence as a whole
especially his account of the stabbing, I am unable to see any benevolent or
innocent intent in this act as described. His evidence represents the
incontrovertible evidence that weapons were used, and in particular, by the
first accused. I am satisfied that the prosecution has sufficiently proved
that two accused were armed when they arrived at Kian Teck with Rang and three
others, on 2 June 2001, and that they were aware that the others were also
armed.

9\. The critical dispute is over the issue of the intention of the gang. The
prosecution's reliance on s 149 obliged them to prove beyond reasonable doubt
that the gang assembled for the purpose or, in the terminology of the statute,
the common object of causing hurt to Yaou with the knowledge that death was
likely to ensue. The second accused's version, or at least the one he put
before me was that he had no idea why they went to Kian Teck. Having regard to
his evidence in its entirety, and given his role in assisting with the
preparation of weapons in particular, I am unable to accept his evidence in
court. The first accused's defence was that he had no such intention and that
his only object was to teach Yaou a lesson, which he translated to mean
getting him to come over to Jalan Bahar to apologise to Wena. In court and
under cross-examination he further explained that should Yaou refuse, he (the
first accused) would make him (Yaou) telephone Wena to apologise. This line
was not pursued further, but the question that begs to be asked is what would
the gang do if Yaou refused to do either? In a manner that came across like an
afterthought, the first accused at one stage said that he would slap Yaou if
he refuses to apologise. It must be remembered that the entire situation arose
because of the threat, insult, and humiliation of Wena by Yaou. From the
narration of the event, it is plain that the insult was eventually felt and
shared by the first accused whose girl friend it was who bore the direct brunt
of it. It was about pride and honour, which must be restored once Yaou makes a
public apology to Wena. The question is, was Yaou likely to apologise? From
all accounts, the answer is an emphatic, no. Yaou was perceived by the first
accused as a fearsome man, a drug rival, who heads the Kian Teck area. He was,
in the words of the first accused, "the Mafia" of Kian Teck. That being so,
how would pride and honour be restored if Yaou refused to apologise? Even if
Yaou had declined in the most polite fashion, although on the facts that was
unlikely to be so, the first accused and his gang would be perceived as going
back to their community at Jalan Bahar with their tails between their legs, so
to speak. I can only infer that that kind of ending would be utterly
unacceptable to them. There are many who would turn the other cheek when
slapped, and let bygones be bygones, but these six who set out armed with
weapons to right a wrong were not likely to accept the humiliation of a failed
mission. Given these circumstances and all the evidence of the Thai women as
well as the statements of the accused persons, I find that the gang went fully
and dangerously armed to cause serious and grievous harm to Yaou. I do not
accept that the first accused had used the words "teach [Yaou] a lesson" to
mean what he said. In coming to this finding I have taken into account the
evidence of Wena Awaburt herself, and the police statements of the two accused
persons even though they had, in court, renounced various (but not all) parts
of those statements. I am not convinced by their testimony that the statements
were not reflective of what they actually said. I find, therefore, that the
first and second accused together with Rang and three others had the common
object, not of extracting an apology from Yaou, but of exacting severe revenge
on him by means of weapons in a manner calculated to cause such injury that
death would be a likely, if not a specifically intended, result.

10\. The first and second accused each gave an account of what actually
happened when their gang apprehended Yaou late on the evening of 2 June, but
they have not told the full story. There was only one independent eye-witness,
namely, Namphakdee Thapanee. She had run away before Yaou succumbed to his
injuries, but what she had seen and heard was sufficient to complete the
prosecution case against both accused. On the facts of this case, it is not
necessary to re-enact the scene blow-by-blow for it does not matter who struck
first, or who struck most, or who struck the hardest. On the facts as I have
found, namely, that a gang of six men heavily armed with an assortment of
swords, _parangs_ , knives and chains gathered with the intention of
assaulting a selected victim with those weapons, knowing, even if they had not
intended such result, that grievous hurt and death are likely consequences of
that assault, each member of that gang becomes responsible for the
consequences. If the victim is hurt each of them is guilty of causing hurt; if
the victim is grievously hurt each of them is guilty of causing grievous hurt;
and if the victim dies, each of them is guilty of causing his death; and if
the death resulted under circumstances which the law defines as murder, then
each of the perpetrators is guilty of murder.

11\. Although the first accused did not expressly say so, he alluded in his
oral testimony that the consequences were totally unexpected; but even if I do
accept that, which I do not, it is of no assistance to him. They were armed
with an array of dangerous weapons to be used on their chosen prey. To say,
without more, that had the victim surrendered, or pleaded for mercy, or
apologised immediately, there would not have been any trouble at all is
clearly an exculpatory statement made after the event. Finally, it must be
noted that it was not the case for either defence that the gang brought
weapons just to frighten Yaou, and that in the course of the proceedings
something totally unexpected occurred which resulted in the death of the
victim. In other words, the defence would have been to deny the charge by
demurring from the alleged common object of causing grievous hurt, and
substituting it with the common object of intimidation. But that was not the
case for the defence and nothing in the evidence requires me to examine this
line any further. Neither was it the defence of the two accused that they or
any of the member of their gang did not know that death was likely to ensue
from their planned assault, instead, their defence was constructed around the
stand that no weapon was intended to be used.

12\. I should also spare a few words in respect of the various evidence over
which the prosecution and defence strove, respectively, to emphasize or
minimize, including Wena's evidence that she heard Rang say that they must not
hit the snake only on the back, and that he would bring back Yaou's head, as
well as the evidence, including the statements of the first accused, that he
would bring back Yaou's teeth to show Wena. These are all part of the evidence
that must be considered in the totality of the case for prosecution as well as
the defence. They ought not be ignored nor should undue weight be given to
them. They are relevant in so far as I have to consider them in relation to my
assessment as to the credibility of the accused persons. The evidence as to
the severity of the injury is relevant in this case only in so far as it
establishes the sufficiency of the legal definition of murder. It is of little
significance, if any, for the purposes of ascertaining the knowledge or
intention in cases such as this where the charge is one based on, as was in
this case, the second limb of s 149, that is, _"such as the members of the
assembly knew to be likely to be committed in prosecution of that [common]
object"_. It is a different matter if the charge concerned a common intention
under s 34 of the Penal Code because in cases of that sort, the common
intention may well have been formed at the instance of attack, and the
severity of the injury may then be a relevant consideration in ascertaining
whether that was the intention.

13\. Finally, I will address the defence of sudden fight. From the facts as I
have found, there is no room to contemplate that the death of Yaou arose in a
sudden fight. One cannot proceed to pick a fight armed with dangerous weapons
and claim the defence by virtue of Exception 4 ("sudden fight") to s 300, by
saying that his victim fought him. On the facts as I have found, it is
immaterial whether Yaou fought first or fought back. In any event, on the
evidence of the accused themselves, Yaou was chased around in the darkness of
the night and finally felled by blows from one or more of the members of the
assembly, aided or assisted by the stab wounds inflicted by the first accused.

14\. For the foregoing reasons, I am satisfied that the prosecution has proved
its case beyond reasonable doubt that the first and second accused are guilty
as charged. I, therefore, convicted them and sentenced them to suffer death.

Sgd:

Choo Han Teck  
Judicial Commissioner

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Feb 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

