Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wah Yuen Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd v Singapore Cables Manufacturers
Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGHC 297

Case Number | : | OS 73/2002, SIC 1265/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 December 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  S Rajendran J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lionel Tay, Paul Ng and Audrey Ng (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the Company/applicants - Wah Yuen Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd; Sharmilee Shanmugam (CitiLegal LLC) for the opposing creditor -Singapore Cables Manufacutures Pte Ltd   
Parties | : |  Wah Yuen Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd — Singapore Cables Manufacturers Pte Ltd   
  
** Judgment **

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. On 24 October 2001, Singapore Cables Manufacturers Pte Ltd ("Singapore
Cables") obtained judgment against Wah Yuen Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd
("the Company") in the sum of $1,159,457.64 with interest thereon at 6% per
annum from date of writ. The Company was in financial difficulties and did not
pay the judgment debt. In December 2001, a winding-up petition was served on
the Company.

2\. The Company, thereafter, applied to court under s 210 of the Companies Act
for leave to convene a meeting of its creditors for the purpose of considering
and, if thought fit, approving a Scheme of Arrangement with its creditors.
Section 210(3) of the Companies Act provides:

> "If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the
> creditors or class of creditors or members or class of members present and
> voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting or the adjourned meeting
> agrees to any compromise or arrangement, the compromise or arrangement
> shall, if approved by order of the Court, be binding on all the creditors or
> class of creditors or on the members or class of members, as the case may
> be, and also on the company or, in the case of a company in the course of
> being wound up, on the liquidator and contributories of the company."

In that application the Company also applied for an order that all existing
legal proceedings against the Company be stayed until further order. Both
applications were granted on 25 January 2002.

3\. At the meeting of creditors that was thereafter convened, the Company
tendered a revised Scheme of Arrangement. This resulted in the meeting being
adjourned to give creditors time to study the revised Scheme. At the adjourned
meeting of the 92 creditors present and voting, 75 (constituting 81.52%) voted
for and 17 voted against acceptance of the revised Scheme. The total value of
the admitted claims of the 75 who voted for the revised Scheme was
$8,556,893.43 (constituting 82.26%) and the total value of the admitted claims
of the 17 who voted against the revised Scheme was $1,845,841.81.

4\. As the 81.52% in number and 82.26% in value had supported the revised
Scheme the percentage requirements of s 210(3) had been complied with and the
Company, in this application, sought the approval of the court to implement
the revised Scheme.

5\. The application was opposed by Singapore Cables. After considering the
evidence adduced by both sides and the submissions of counsel, I felt that
this was a case where the court’s approval for the revised Scheme should not
be granted and accordingly dismissed the application. Against that dismissal
the Company has appealed.

6\. The revised Scheme envisaged an investor injecting funds into the Company
for distribution to participating creditors in exchange for the assignment to
that investor of their admitted claims. Participating creditors whose admitted
claims were less than or equal to $2,000 were to be paid in full.
Participating creditors whose claims were in excess of $2,000 were to be paid
the greater of (i) $2,000 or (ii) an amount equal to 15% of the value of their
admitted claims. Claims by related parties and directors were to be fully
subordinated to that of the rest of the participating creditors. It was
provided that related parties and directors shall not participate in any
payment envisaged under the revised Scheme.

7\. In opposing the application, Ms Sharmilee Shanmugam, who appeared for
Singapore Cables, pointed out that a considerable part of the creditor support
for the revised Scheme came from related parties, namely:

> > (a) | Stanley Lee Kiang Leng, the Managing Director and 70% shareholder of the Company. |  $4,296,254.10  
>> ---|---|---  
>> (b) | Wong Beng Huat, a director and shareholder of the Company. |  $ 20,000.00  
>> (c) | R&N Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd ("R&N"), a company in which Stanley Lee Kiang Leng held 90% of the shares and of which he was Managing Director. |  _$ 964,833.61_  
>> | Total:- |  _$ 5,281.087.71_  
  
If one were to discount the values attributable to these related parties, the
creditors in value supporting the revised Scheme ($8,556,893.43 less
$5,281,087.71) would be $3,275,805.72 which worked out to 63.96% : a figure
that fell short of the 75% requirement of s 210(3). Ms Shanmugam pointed out
that if one excluded the claims of the directors and of R&N, the claim by
Singapore Cables (which was in excess of $1.1 million) was by far the largest
single claim.

8\. The main thrust of Ms Shanmugam’s opposition to the application was the
fact that the Company had been less than forthcoming in making disclosure of
its accounts and in particular in giving details of the claims by Stanley Lee
and R&N. She pointed out that Singapore Cables had at the first creditors’
meeting tried to obtain details but had merely been told that any creditor
aggrieved by any lack of transparency by the Company could make further
enquiries from the Company or vote against the proposed Scheme of Arrangement.
To similar queries raised at the adjourned creditors’ meeting, the Company’s
response was that if the requisite majority for the revised Scheme was
obtained the creditor could make his representations to the court when the
Company applied for court approval of the revised Scheme.

9\. Ms Shanmugam told the court that Singapore Cables had written to the
Company seeking relevant details but had not received a satisfactory response.
For the purposes of this hearing, Singapore Cables had obtained the services
of an outside expert who, in a report prepared after perusal of all the
accounting documents relating to the Company that had been made available to
Singapore Cables, pointed out various discrepancies and raised various queries
on the amounts owed to directors and R&N. Ms Shanmugam pointed out that the
Company in its affidavits filed in response, did not sufficiently address the
queries raised by Singapore Cables or by the expert; nor had the Company
provided the supporting documents. The reason given by Stanley Lee for this
failure was that it would be costly for the Company to employ accountants to
respond to the queries.

10\. Counsel for the Company, Mr Lionel Tay, at the hearing before me, did not
seriously challenge the complaint raised that the Company had not furnished
sufficient particulars of the debts due to directors and related parties. The
Company’s position, as summarised by Mr Tay, was that the Company did not have
the time to provide answers to the satisfaction of Singapore Cables. Mr Tay
told the court that his clients were willing to co-operate with Singapore
Cables and suggested that the court sanction the revised Scheme but grant
Singapore Cables the right to appoint a firm of accountants to liaise with the
Company on the information they sought. Mr Tay submitted that if, as a
consequence, Singapore Cables came across any information that suggested any
impropriety, Singapore Cables would be entitled to take whatever action it
deemed fit.

11\. Mr Tay did not dispute that the related party debts amounted to 61.72% of
the total unsecured debts of the Company. He submitted, however, that this
high percentage did not give the related parties any unfair advantage as their
debts were subordinated to the debts of all other unsecured creditors. He
further submitted that as s 210 of the Companies Act did not draw any
distinction between related party debts and other debts, no such distinction
ought to be drawn. The mere fact a creditor was related did not, he submitted,
by itself and without evidence of wrongdoing, suggest that such creditor was
acting mala fide.

12\. The opposing creditors in this case were owed a sum of $1,195,943,06.
Under the revised Scheme, they would be paid 15% of this sum, ie $179,391.46,
in full settlement and thereafter the Company could continue to operate. This,
Ms Shanmugam submitted, would be for the benefit of the related parties and to
the detriment of the opposing creditors. Ms Shanmugam submitted that the fact
that the debts of the directors and related parties were subordinated to the
debts of the other creditors was of no solace to the opposing creditors. If
the revised Scheme was approved, the Company would have got rid of the
opposing creditors by paying them a nominal sum and without producing proper
accounts to show why the payment was so little.

13\. The fact that the claims of the related parties were subordinated to the
claims of other creditors was, in my view, not an adequate answer to the
complaint by Singapore Cables that the Company had not been sufficiently
transparent about the circumstances under which the related party debts arose.
This was particularly so in the light of the fact that audited accounts of the
Company for the relevant periods were not available.

14\. Stanley Lee was the managing director of the Company and a 70%
shareholder of the Company. He was also the managing director and 90%
shareholder of R&N. Although it is true that s 210 does not draw any
distinction between third party creditors and related party creditors, it
would, in my view, only be fair (especially in cases where the required
creditor support was obtained through the exercise of the related party votes)
that the Company made full disclosure of all relevant documents so that the
bona fides of the transactions could be subjected to scrutiny. For the
creditors to evaluate the revised Scheme and for the court to approve the
revised Scheme there needs to be transparency in relation to the Company’s
accounts. Failure to provide relevant accounting details would place third
party creditors at a disadvantage which they would not be under if the Company
were wound up and a liquidator appointed.

15\. Ms Shanmugam, in support of her submissions, relied on the case of _Re
Halley’s Departmental Store Pte_ [1996] 1 SLR 70. The facts of that case were
broadly similar to the facts here and I noted that G.P. Selvam J. had, in that
case, declined to grant the approval of the court required under s 210(3).

16\. In the circumstances of the present case, I was of the view that the
court ought not to grant its approval to the revised Scheme. I therefore
dismissed the application with costs.

Sgd:

S. RAJENDRAN

Judge

****

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Dec 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

