Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chan Teck Hock David v Leong Mei Chuan  
[2002] SGCA 3

Case Number | : | CA 600059/2001,600064/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 January 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; L P Thean JA; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC, Harpreet Singh and Tang Li-Wen Shirin (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellant in CA 600059/2001 and the respondent in CA 600064/200; Tan Kok Quan SC, Chin Li-Yuen Marina and V Kanyakumari (Sim Hill Tan & Wong) for the respondent in CA 600059/2001 and the appellant in CA 600064/2001.   
Parties | : |  Chan Teck Hock David — Leong Mei Chuan   
  
Family Law – Custody – Education of children – Wife having custody, care and
control of children – Whether need to consult husband on children's education  
  
Family Law – Maintenance – Amount of maintenance – Whether award for
maintenance of wife and children inadequate or excessive – Factors to be
considered – ss 68, 69(4) & 114(1) Women's Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Ed)  
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Division – Status of non-statutory stock
options – Whether stock options constitute matrimonial assets – Distinction
between vested and unvested stock options – Whether vested but unexercised
stock options and unvested stock options constitute matrimonial assets – 'If
as and when' order in respect of unvested and/or unexercised stock options –
ss 112(5)(e) & 112(10) Women's Charter (Cap 353' 1997 Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – 'Matrimonial asset' – s 112(10) Women's Charter (Cap 353,
1997 Ed)  
  

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1\. These are two related appeals brought by both parties who were husband and
wife before the dissolution of their marriage. For convenience, we shall
continue to refer to them as husband and wife. They have appealed against the
orders of the High Court relating to custody, maintenance and the division of
matrimonial assets between them following the grant of a decree nisi. The wife
is asking for a greater share of the matrimonial assets and an increase in
maintenance and the husband for a reduction of the maintenance awarded and for
a say in the education of the children. **

  
Background

**

2\. The parties were married on 21 September 1983. Some thirteen years later,
on 10 February 1997, the husband moved out of the matrimonial home. In fact,
for sometime before, the wife had already suspected the husband of having an
extra marital affair. On 21 November the same year, the wife petitioned for
divorce on the ground of the unreasonable behaviour of the husband. On 29 July
1998, the wife filed a supplemental petition alleging adultery on the part of
the husband as a further ground for divorce. Eventually, the petition was
heard on an uncontested basis. Decree nisi was granted by the Family Court on
24 September 1998 dissolving their marriage.

3\. The husband joined Dell Computer Corporation (Dell), a Delaware
corporation in August 1996. From time to time he received agreements from Dell
granting him stock options in the company. Under each agreement the husband
was granted what was called non-statutory stock options (‘stock options’) to
purchase a certain number of Dell’s shares which options would vest in the
husband on some future dates, e.g., 1/5 on each of the first, second, third,
fourth and fifth anniversary of the date of the agreement. Even where an
option had vested, there were also other restrictions placed on the exercise
of such options, e.g., there was a final exercise deadline and further, the
company could determine that during certain periods the options could not be
exercised.

4\. The stock options which are the subject of contention between the parties
fall under the following three situations:-

(i) stock options which were vested and exercised by the husband by the date
of the decree nisi, with profits made;  
(ii) stock options which were vested in the husband but not yet exercised on
the date of the decree nisi;  
(iii) stock options which were not vested in the husband on the date of the
decree nisi.

For ease of reference, they will hereinafter be referred to as the first
category, second category and third category stock options respectively.

5\. The Family Court, upon the hearing of ancillary matters, made a number of
orders. The pertinent ones are the following:-

(i) The wife shall have custody, care and control of the three children of the
marriage with reasonable access to the husband;  
(ii) The husband shall pay maintenance for the three children in the sum of
$5,000 each and for the wife in the sum of $1,000;  
(iii) With regard to the first category stock options the wife shall be
entitled to 15% of those options and consequently of the profits made
therefrom. However, there is to be no division of the second and third
categories of stock options.

> We should add that the wife was also given 15% of the Dell shares which the
> husband had bought in the open market as well as those bought under the
> Employee Stock Purchase Plan. For ease of reference, Dell’s shares which
> were so bought by the husband will hereinafter be referred to as the
> "purchased Dell shares".

**

  
Decision below

**

6\. Both the husband and wife were dissatisfied with the above orders of the
Family Court judge (FC judge). The husband appealed to the High Court against
the custody order only to the limited extent that he should be given a say in
the children’s education, i.e., his consent be obtained. He also appealed
against the quantum of maintenance which he was required to pay for the wife
and children. The wife’s appeal related to the quantum awarded for maintenance
as well as the division of the purchased Dell shares and the three categories
of stock options.

7\. The High Court judge (HC judge) varied the maintenance sum ordered by the
Family Court by reducing the total amount slightly to $15,000. The amount for
each child was reduced to $4,000 and that for the wife increased to $3,000.
The judge also granted the wife a 15% entitlement to the second and third
categories of stock options provided that the agreements granting those
options were executed before the date of the decree nisi.

**

  
Issues before us

**

8\. Before us the appeals of both the husband and wife touched on the
following three areas:-

(i) Dell shares and stock options.

> (a) Are the second and third categories of stock options "matrimonial
> assets" within the meaning of s 112 of the Women’s Charter?
>
> (b) What is the fair percentage to be awarded to the wife in respect of the
> purchased Dell shares and the profits made from the exercise of the first
> category stock options?
>
> (c) What is the fair percentage to be awarded to the wife in respect of the
> second and third categories of stock options (if they are matrimonial
> assets)?

(ii) Maintenance: what is the correct quantum of maintenance which should be
awarded to the wife and the children? Furthermore, should the maintenance
awarded be made payable from February 1996?

(iii) Education: should the husband be given a say in the education of the
three children,

> (a) in the event that the wife proposes to send any of the children overseas
> for education, and,
>
> (b) on the proposed course and institution of study overseas of each child.

**

  
Education

**

9\. We shall take the third issue first as it can be disposed of shortly. In
refusing to accord the husband a say in the education of the children, the
judge below felt that in view of the acrimony between the parties, it was
"unrealistic to compel the wife to consult and seek the prior consent of the
husband on the children’s education. That would be a recipe for disaster."

10\. While we recognise that there is considerable bitterness between the
parties, having regard to the way they have fought over ancillary matters, we
do not think that per se is a sufficient reason to deny the father (the
husband) a say in the education of the children who are now aged 16 (Cheryl, a
girl), 12 (Sean, a boy) and 11 (Valerie, a girl). It is clear that there will
not be anything serious for the parties to discuss until the time comes when
each of the children is about to finish his/her secondary or pre-university
education here. Until then, they will presumably follow the normal course
which is being pursued by students here.

11\. Before us, that is indeed what the husband seeks, namely, that his
consent be sought as to (i) whether a child should be sent for overseas
education and (ii) the course which the child should pursue and the
institution of study. If, for whatever the reason, it becomes necessary to
send a child for further education abroad, we find it hard to deny the father
a say in the matter, especially when he is expected to bear the financial
burden for the education.

12\. Furthermore, it is our opinion that the interest of the children demands
that both parents should be involved in determining what is best for them in
that regard. While as between the parties there is bitterness, it does not
necessarily follow that this would spill over in determining the educational
needs of the children. The court should not decree an arrangement which gives
an impression to a child that either the father or mother does not care about
his welfare. As we have no doubt that both parents have and will continue to
have the children’s interest at heart, we do not think that there would be any
insurmountable difficulties. In the unlikely event that an impasse should
arise, the assistance of the court could always be sought. We would add that
there is an aspect of the case which demonstrated that the parties had not
completely allowed their heart to rule. This is the question of physical care
and control. Upon the Family Court’s ruling that custody, care and control of
the children should go to the wife, the husband did not pursue his claim for
custody any further. Good sense prevailed. All he is now seeking is a say in
their further education.

13\. We, therefore, disagree with the courts below that the father should be
denied his parental rights as to the education of the children. We hold that
the father should be consulted and his consent obtained in relation to the two
aspects mentioned in 11 above. If eventually there is really an impasse, the
assistance of the Family Court could always be sought.

**

  
Division of matrimonial property

**

14\. We now turn to the question of division of matrimonial assets, and
specifically in relation to the stock options. To recap, the Family Court
granted the wife 15% of –

(i) the purchased Dell shares consisting of 111,100 shares which the husband
purchased from the open market and 10,821 shares bought under the Employee
Stock purchase plan;

(ii) the gain of US$2,573,328 (less tax) which the husband obtained upon the
exercise by him of the first category stock options.

It did not grant to the wife anything in relation to the other two categories
of stock options.

15\. The High Court varied this aspect of the order and granted the wife a 15%
entitlement to all the categories of stock options. The judge was of the
opinion that "matrimonial assets" are not confined to tangible assets in as
much as a debt owed to a spouse would be a matrimonial asset if the debt was
acquired during the marriage.

16\. Section 112(10) of the Women’s Charter defines "matrimonial assets" to
mean –

"(a) any asset acquired before the marriage by one party or both parties ….

> (i) (not relevant)
>
> (ii)

(b) any other asset of any nature acquired during the marriage by one party or
both parties to the marriage but does not include any asset (not being a
matrimonial home) that has been acquired by one party at any time by gift or
inheritance and that has not been substantially improved during the marriage
by the other party or by both parties to the marriage."

17\. It will thus be seen that the term "matrimonial assets" has been given a
very wide meaning by the legislature to include any asset of any nature,
subject only to the specified exception. Accordingly, with regard to the
second category stock options, we do not see how it can be disputed that a
stock option which is vested is a matrimonial asset as it confers on the
optionee the right to purchase a specified number of shares at a specific
price. The difficulty is with the third category stock options.

18\. In Singapore, the question of the status of stock options has yet to be
addressed by the courts here. However, in the USA, where it would seem that
the scheme of granting stock options was first introduced, there is a fair
amount of legal material on it. But the approaches of the US courts are far
from consistent. We will now examine some of them.

19\. As a general observation,it may be said that the object of a stock option
scheme is really for the purpose of attracting and retaining the services of
key employees of a company by providing an incentive to encourage and
stimulate increased efforts by them, so that if the company does well the
employees will also benefit. But it would appear that there is no uniformity
as to the terms of such a scheme. As King J of the California Court of Appeal
said in _Maria Hug v Paul Hug_ 1984 Cal App LEXIS 1925:-

Treatises which describe employee stock options in the context of general
corporations law strongly suggest that contractual rights to such benefits
vary so widely as to preclude the accuracy of any but the most general
characterization of them. Thus, there is no compelling reason to require that
employee stock options must always be classified as compensation exclusively
for past, present, or future services. Rather, since the purposes underlying
stock options differ, reference to the facts of each particular case must be
made to reveal the features and implications of a particular employee stock
option.

20\. In _John Hall v Eileen Hall_ 1987 NC App LEXIS 3521, the husband was on 8
March 1979 granted options to purchase 1,500 shares, of which 500 each were
exercisable on 8 March 1981, 8 March 1983 and 8 March 1985 respectively. As of
the date of separation, the husband was entitled to exercise his options to
purchase 1,000 shares. On 12 March 1981 the husband was granted rights to
purchase 1,200 additional shares. As of the date of separation, only 400
options could be exercised. On 28 April 1982, the husband received further
options to purchase an additional 1,500 shares but none of which was
exercisable as of the date of separation. Again, in March 1983, the husband
received an option to purchase 1,200 shares, but none of the options was
exercisable at the time of separation. In all, the husband was granted options
to purchase 5,400 shares in his company, but at the date of separation he had
a vested right to exercise options to purchase only 1,400 shares. At the date
of the hearing of the divorce, the husband had not exercised any options to
purchase any of the shares in the company. It should also be mentioned that in
this case the stock options which were not yet exercised were subject to
cancellation if the husband’s services with the company were terminated for
cause. The trial judge held that the stock options for all 5,400 shares were
marital property. The husband appealed against that determination as none of
the options had been exercised as of the date of the parties’ separation; in
the alternative he argued that at most only the options for 1,400 shares
should be classified as marital property. The Appellate Court accepted this
alternative contention. Martin J said –

We believe that the approach most consistent with North Carolina’s equitable
distribution statutes is to classify stock options granted (to) an employee by
his or her employer which are exercisable upon the date of separation or which
may not be cancelled, and which may, therefore, be said to be vested as of the
date of separation, as marital property. Options which are not exercisable as
of the date of separation and which may be lost as a result of events
occurring thereafter, and are, therefore, not vested, should be treated as the
separate property of the spouse for whom they may, depending upon
circumstances, vest at some time in the future. In our view, this rule more
closely recognizes the purpose of stock options granted to an employee which
are designed so that they vest and become exercisable over a period of time;
such options represent both compensation [***21] for the employee’s past
services and incentives for the employee to continue in his employment in the
future. Those options which have already vested are clearly rewards for past
service rendered during the marriage, and, therefore, are marital property;
options not yet vested are in essence, an expectation of a future right
contingent upon continued service and should be considered separate property.

21\. However, in _Barbara Green v Michael Green_ (1985) Md App LEXIS 452, the
options under two plans were irrevocable and unassignable but they were to be
exercised over a period of five years on each anniversary date. The options
could be exercised by the employee, even if his employment had been terminated
provided such termination occurred not more than 90 days before the date of
exercise. The options could also be exercised by the employee’s estate. At the
time of the trial, some options had been exercised and it was not disputed
that the shares obtained thereby were marital property. But there were some
options which were exercisable at the time of trial but not yet exercised and
some were only exercisable after the trial. The trial court took the view that
both the vested and the unvested stock options were valueless as they had no
"fair market value". The Court of Special Appeals of Maryland, while
recognising that an unassignable and unsaleable option had no fair market
value, nevertheless was of the opinion that it was an economic resource,
comparable to pension benefits, on which a value can be attributed. The
appellate court did not differentiate between the vested stock options and the
unvested options. The approach taken by the court was set out in the following
passage of Karwacki J:-

As with pension plans, restricted stock option plans like those we consider
here are a form of employee compensation, providing to the employee the right
to accept within a prescribed time period and under certain conditions the
corporate employer’s irrevocable offer to sell its stock at the price quoted.
If the employer attempts to withdraw that offer, the employee has "a chose in
action" in contract against the employer. We therefore conclude that stock
option plans, like other benefits in an employee’s compensation package,
constitute "property" as used in the definition of marital property.
Furthermore, because the plans in the case sub judice granted stock options to
the appellee while he was married to the appellant, those options were
"acquired" during the marriage. See _Harper v Harper_ , 294 Md. 54, 448 A2d
916 (1982). The stock options are therefore marital property under the terms
of @8-201(e) and as such are subject to valuation and equitable adjustment in
the form of a monetary award.

22\. It may be noted that in Maryland, USA, the term "marital property" was
defined to some extent like how the term "matrimonial assets" is defined in
our Women’s Charter. There, it was defined as "the property, however titled,
acquired by one or both parties during the marriage" but it did not include
property –

"(i) acquired before the marriage;  
(ii) acquired by inheritance or gift from a third party;  
(iii) excluded by valid agreement; or  
(iv) directly traceable to any of these sources."

23\. In _Michael Grich v Tamara Grich_ (1996) Conn Super LEXIS 3451 the object
of the stock option plan was stated to be to provide key employees of the
company additional incentives to continue and increase their efforts on the
company’s behalf and to remain in the employ of the company. It was designed
to increase the ability of the company to attract and retain individuals of
exceptional skill. The options could only be exercised by the optionee while
he remained employed by the company. The Superior Court of Connecticut found
that the husband "could not have arrived at his position at the company as a
‘key employee’ without the prior concentration of his time, energies, and
labour in the computer industry, and from the evidence his concerted effort
was aided significantly by the wife who helped to further his career." It held
that the unvested stock options were part of the marital estate and were
subject to equitable distribution between the spouses.

24\. In contrast, in _Bonnie Balanson v Richard Balanson_ , 2001 Colo LEXIS
437, the Supreme Court of Colorado, reversed a decision of the Colorado Court
of Appeals relating, inter alia, to the determination of the status of certain
stock options. Under the Colorado Uniform Dissolution of Marriage Act, a court
must make an equitable distribution of marital property after considering all
relevant factors. The State Supreme Court held that an employee stock option
constituted property for purposes of dissolution proceedings only when the
employee had an enforceable right to the options. To determine this question,
the court must look to the terms of the contract granting the options. It
said:-

"If an employee has a presently enforceable right under the contract,
regardless of whether the options are presently exercisable, such a right
constitutes a property interest rather than a mere expectancy … if the
contract granting the options indicates that they were granted in exchange for
present or past services, in the situation for instance, where an employer
offers stock options as a form of incentive compensation for joining a
company, the employee, by having accepted employment, has earned a
contractually enforceable right to those options when granted, even if the
options are not yet exercisable. On the other hand, if the options were
granted in consideration for future services, the employee ‘does not have
enforceable rights under the option agreement until such time as the future
services have been performed’".

25\. In the _Balanson_ case, the parties did not dispute the trial judge’s
finding that the husband’s stock options were granted in exchange for future
services. The record indicated that the husband had only completed the
employment required to enforce his right to exercise 62,500 shares. On this
basis, the trial judge determined that only 21% of the options constituted
"property". The State Supreme Court held that the Court of Appeal erred in
holding that the husband had earned the right to exercise additional options
over and beyond those shares.

26\. In _Hahn v Hahn_(1995) Ind Appeal LEXIS 1137 the Circuit Court found that
only the vested stock options granted to the husband by his employer that were
exercisable upon the date of filing of petition, or that became exercisable
before the entry of the decree of dissolution, were marital property subject
to division. This decision was affirmed by the majority of the Court of
Appeals of Indiana. They held that this determination was most consistent with
the statutory scheme. However, the minority, Chezem J, preferred the views
taken, inter alia, in _Hug v Hug_ and _Green v Green_ and held that accrued
but unmatured or unvested stock options were marital property which were
subject to division upon dissolution of marriage. In particular, he concurred
with the approach adopted by the Washington State Supreme Court in _Re Short_
(1995) 125 Wash 2d 865, 890 P.2d 12 which distinguished between stock options
granted for present employment services and options granted for future
employment services. The question of vesting was not an issue in determining
ownership rights upon marital dissolution. He was of the opinion that the
gravamen should be "whether the options (were) present, albeit deferred
compensation or future compensation."

**

  
Our determination

**

27\. From the above review it can be seen that there is no uniformity in the
US courts’ treatment of unvested or unmatured stock options, with _Hall v
Hall_ and _Hahn v Hahn_ deciding that for the stock options to be treated as
marital property they must be vested in the employee-husband and exercisable
by him and with _Green v Green_ and _Grich v Grich_ giving it a wider meaning
to cover even unvested stock options _. Re Short_ propounded the criterion by
asking whether the stock options were for past/present service or for future
services. But it does appear that there was a concurrence of views in all the
cases that even in respect of the unvested stock options, the employee did
have a "chose in action".

_

28\. Halsbury’s Law of England, 4th Edition Reissue, Vol 6, para 8,

_ listed "an option to purchase shares" as a chose in action. Of course, a
contract to grant an option upon the fulfilment of a condition is one step
removed from having a present option to purchase shares. Still, so long as the
grantor may only revoke the agreement to grant an option with cause, the
grantee under the agreement has a valuable right, a contractual right, and
that is an asset, even though its exact value may be hard to determine. We
agree with the HC judge that one should differentiate between the question of
the existence of an asset from the difficulties of evaluating that asset.

29\. Having regard to the very wide definition which is given in s 112 to the
term "matrimonial assets" it is our opinion that it encompasses a "chose in
action", including an agreement which gives an employee-husband the right to
subscribe to shares, subject to his continued service with the company for a
specified future period.

**

  
Apportionment

**

30\. Turning now to the question of apportionment, the wife seeks a 30% of the
purchased Dell shares instead of only 15% granted by the Family Court. Like
the matrimonial home, she says she should be given a 30% share representing
her indirect contribution. She also seeks 30% of the profits obtained by the
husband from the exercise of the first category stock options.

31\. The way the judge below differentiated between the matrimonial home and
the stock options was this. The matrimonial home was acquired when the
marriage had not broken down. However, the same clearly cannot be said about
the stock options, because even at the time of the first agreement to grant
stock options to the husband on 12 August 1996, the marriage was already on
the brink of breakdown. It was barely six months later that the husband left
the home in February 1997. Indeed, from 1994, when the husband was with his
previous employer, Quonum, the wife had harassed him at his work place because
of her suspicion that he was indulging in extra marital activities. So,
instead of helping him in his work, she was doing just the reverse. These were
the considerations which influenced the FC judge and HC judge in awarding a
lower percentage to the wife, instead of 30%.

32\. However, in this connection, the HC judge noted a significant positive
contribution of the wife. This was the fact that while the husband was in Hong
Kong pursuing his career with Dell, she was taking care of the children in
Singapore. He further observed that in relation to the marital problems
between the parties, the husband was not "as blameless as he would like the
court to think." We have serious doubts whether just because the wife was
anxious about her husband’s alleged extra marital affairs, and had threatened
to contact the Chairman of Dell, her contribution to the well-being of the
family should be deemed any less and thus her share to the stock options
should thereby be reduced. The fact remains that, notwithstanding her threats,
she did not expose the alleged extra-marital affairs of the husband to the
Chairman of Dell.

33\. More importantly, while he was working in Hong Kong, the wife was
maintaining the home here for the children and taking care of them. It seems
to us that her contribution to the family was largely no different from what
it was before disputes between them arose. It is probably true to say that
because of her care for the children here, the husband was able to work in
Hong Kong and focus on his job. So while he was away, she was shouldering the
burden of taking care of the home and family all by herself, even though she
had a maid to assist her.

34\. As regards the threats which was hanging over the husband’s head, it
seems to us that if there was in fact no basis for the wife’s suspicion, he
would not and should not have been concerned about them. However, if, in fact,
what the wife suspected was true, then there would really have been cause for
him to be concerned, but in that event, the blame must squarely fall on him.

35\. Having said that, it appears to us that there is a need to further
differentiate between the purchased Dell shares (111,100 Dell shares from the
open market and the 10,821 Dell shares under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan)
which were bought and paid for by the husband and the profits already made on
the exercise of the first category options on the one hand and the second and
third categories stock options on the other. The funds for the purchased Dell
stocks would probably have come from savings. Similarly with regard to the
exercise of the first category options, the money required to exercise the
options would probably have also come from savings. As we see it, for those
purchased Dell shares and the profits obtained from the exercise of the first
category stock options, the wife’s indirect contributions were largely the
same as those for the matrimonial home. So for those shares/profits we hold
that the wife should similarly be entitled to 30%.

36\. As for the second and third categories stock options, we noted the
arguments of the husband that there must be certainty of ownership before
anything could be treated as a matrimonial asset which is divisible; the
situations of these two categories of stock options are fraught with some
uncertainties. While we recognise these points, the fact remains that the
husband was in possession of contractual rights under the stock options
agreements. We would reiterate that the fact that there are difficulties in
valuation or division does not render a contractual right any less an asset.

37\. We would hasten to add that even as between the second and third
categories of stock options, there is a need to differentiate between them.
Whereas, in respect of the second category options, they were already vested
(i.e., already earned), the same is not so in respect of the third category
options. The husband had to continue rendering services to Dell beyond the
date of the decree nisi to acquire the options. So in respect of those third
category stock options, they were given not just for services rendered prior
to the decree nisi but also for services to be rendered post the decree.
Otherwise there would have been no necessity to post-date the vesting of
options. In this regard, we would adopt the "time rule" advocated in _Maria
Hug v Paul Hug_ (supra) by the Court of Appeal of California. The effect of
the rule is to treat only that portion of the stock options as matrimonial
assets as is obtained by multiplying the stock options in question by the
fraction obtained between the period in months between the commencement of the
husband’s employment with Dell and the date of the decree nisi as the
numerator and the period in months between his commencement of employment with
Dell and the date when the stock option was exercisable by him as the
denominator. Only that portion of the third category stock options as so
computed would be reckoned as matrimonial assets.

38\. In view of the uncertainties, and the fact that the husband would have to
make available funds required to exercise the option, there is probably
justification to treat the second and third categories options differently
from the first category (which options were really no longer options, as they
had been exercised and profits made). Taking a broad view of things, we are
not persuaded that the apportionment of 15% in respect of the second and third
categories of stock options is so unreasonable (either being too high or too
low) that this Court ought to intervene.

39\. We note that in respect of the second and third categories stock options,
the court below, recognising that the fact that either the stock options might
not be exercised or might not vest in the husband, granted an "if as and when"
order. Effectively, this approach, which is sanctioned under s 112(5)(e) of
the Women’s Charter, means that the division of these assets was to be
postponed until the stock options were exercised and profits made. In our
opinion, this is entirely fair and sensible. It recognises the special
situation and does not accord any undue advantage to any party. A similar
approach was adopted in _Green v Green_(supra).

**

  
Maintenance

**

40\. We now turn to the question of maintenance for the wife. There were two
interim maintenance orders. On 13 February 1998, there was a consent order for
a global sum of $11,000. Again, by consent it was increased to $14,500 with
effect from 15 August 1998 with the proviso that this order was without
prejudice to the appropriate maintenance to be granted upon dissolution of
marriage.

41\. The starting point for the consideration of the question of the
maintenance of a wife must necessarily be the earnings of the parties. The
other relevant factors which the court should take into account are listed in
s 114(1) of the Women’s Charter. The wife was, at the time of the hearing
before the court below, earning a basic salary of $4,000 (excluding bonuses)
as a Private Client Advisor (from August 1996) with Kim Eng Securities (Pte)
Ltd. Before that, in 1993, she was for a short period, the Regional Treasurer
at Carnaud Metal Box (Pte) Ltd but she resigned apparently to look after their
three children.

42\. The husband was, at the time of the hearing before the Family Court,
employed by Dell. There was some conflict in evidence as to the time he
commenced employment with Dell. The judge below seemed to think it was from
January 1997 and on our part we would accept that. He left Dell at the end of
September 2000, after the hearing before the Family Court. For the year April
1999 to March 2000 he earned the equivalent of about S$33,200 per month, plus
S$24,600 per month as bonus. In addition, he made huge profits from the
exercise of the first category stock options.

43\. The wife seeks to have the total maintenance sum awarded by the High
Court enhanced to $20,000, so that she and the children will each obtain
$5,000 as maintenance. She argues that she and the children should continue to
enjoy the same standard of living as they did before the breakdown of the
marriage. Though the wife is now unemployed, she was at the time of the order
of the Family Court, earning a basic salary of $4,000 with Kim Eng Securities.

44\. Based on the assets awarded to the wife by the Family Court, as varied by
the High Court, it is estimated that they were worth some $3.4 million, of
which more than half is in cash. In the light of our decision herein that her
entitlement to the purchased Dell shares and the profits made on the first
category stock options should be doubled to 30%, the total assets which she
would get will be increased significantly. Besides, she would also be able to
obtain an income from the assets. Taking these circumstances into account, we
do not think the award of $3,000 per month as maintenance of the wife could be
considered to be either inadequate or excessive. While we are aware that she
had the capacity to earn substantial salary, it does not appear likely that
she would be able to return to full-time employment, having to take care of
three growing children. The highly paid jobs which she earlier held had
required her to travel frequently.

45\. Turning next to the question of maintenance for the children, s 68 of
Women’s Charter provides that a parent is under a duty to maintain his
children with "such accommodation, clothing, food and education as may be
reasonable having regard to his or her means and status in life." Under s
69(4), one of the factors which the court shall take into account is also the
standard of living previously enjoyed by the child. The wife had, in her
affidavits, set out the needs of the children, some of which are rather
exaggerated. We are not persuaded that $4,000 per month for each child is so
inadequate as not to provide the child with a standard of living which is
close to that enjoyed by him/her before the breakdown of the marriage.

46\. Finally, the wife seeks to back-date the order on maintenance from
February 1996 on the ground that it was the time the husband first ceased to
provide for her and the children. The HC judge was not satisfied that the wife
has established that the husband had failed to maintain her between February
1996 and 15 February 1998, the date of the first interim order. The husband
only left the matrimonial home in 1997 and it is inconceivable that he did not
support the family from February 1996. Perhaps his support might not be
adequate from her point of view. But to say that there was no support at all
from the husband is quite another matter. We are not minded to disturb this
determination of the judge below.

**

  
Judgment

**

47\. In the result, the appeal of the husband (CA 600059/2001) is allowed only
to the extent that he is granted a say in the education of the children in so
far as it involves overseas education, as we have held in 13 above.

48\. The appeal of the wife (CA 600064/2001) is also allowed to the extent
that, in respect of the purchased Dell shares and the profits made under the
first category stock options, her entitlement thereto shall be 30% instead of
15%.

49\. Both parties have succeeded only in part, and have failed in other
respects. In determining how costs are to be apportioned, we have taken into
account the issues which each party had raised and succeeded or failed and the
extent to which work had to be done in relation to each issue. On this basis,
and applying the principle of offsetting, we think that a fair order on costs
would be to require the husband to bear of the costs of the appeal in CA
600064/2001.

50\. The security for costs furnished by the husband in CA 600059/2001,
together with any accrued interest, shall be paid out to the wife’s solicitors
to account for her costs in CA 600064/2001. The security for costs furnished
by the wife, together with any accrued interest, shall be refunded to the wife
or her solicitors.

Sgd:

YONG PUNG HOW  
Chief Justice

Sgd:

L P THEAN  
Judge of Appeal

Sgd:

CHAO HICK TIN  
Judge of Appeal

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Jan 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

