Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Bee Cheng Hiang Hup Chong Foodstuff Pte Ltd v Fragrance Foodstuff Pte Ltd  
[2002] SGCA 47

Case Number | : | CA No 43 of 2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 November 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wong Siew Hong (Infinitus Law Corporation) for the appellant; Tan Tee Jim SC and Elaine Tan (Allen & Gledhill) for the respondent   
Parties | : | —  
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Whether to set aside summary judgment and
grant defendants unconditional leave to defend claim – Whether factual matters
raised triable issues – Whether questions of law difficult and require mature
consideration  
  
Copyright – Infringement – Whether s 37 Copyright Act (Cap 63, 1999 Rev Ed)
defence of fair dealing applicable – Whether factual matters raised triable
issues – Whether question of law difficult and requires mature consideration  
  
Copyright – Infringement – Whether s 27(6) Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1999 Rev
Ed) defence of honest practices applicable to copyright infringement – Whether
factual matters raised triable issues – Whether question of law difficult and
requires mature consideration  
  

Summary judgment – Whether to set aside summary judgment and grant defendants
unconditional leave to defend the claim – Whether factual matters raised
triable issues – Whether questions of law were difficult and required mature
consideration

**

Copyright infringement

**– Whether section 27(6) Trademarks Act defence of honest practices can apply
to copyright infringement – Whether factual matters raised triable issues –
Whether question of law was difficult and required mature consideration **

Copyright infringement

**– Whether there was a valid section 37 Copyright Act defence of fair dealing
– Whether factual matters raised triable issues – Whether question of law was
difficult and required mature consideration**

FACTS

**The appellants appealed against a summary judgment given by the High Court
which adjudged that the appellants had infringed the copyright of the
respondents in a certain artistic work when they published a notice containing
the work and granted an injunction to restrain the appellants.

The appellants raised the defences of honest practices under section 27(6) of
the Trademarks Act (‘s 26(6) TMA’) and fair dealing under section 37 of the
Copyright Act (‘s 37 CRA’).****

HELD, ALLOWING THE APPEAL:

For the first defence, if any party wished to read more into or attribute a
motive to the notice which contained the copyright work, then the alleged
infringer must be permitted to explain and to call his witnesses and be
subject to cross-examination. It is not inconceivable that s 27(6) TMA could
apply to the situation. Moreover, it could not be the intention of Parliament
to authorise the doing of an act which would infringe a related right, so s
27(6) TMA could well apply to copyright infringement actions. The issues
surrounding the applicability of this section are of some complexity and
require more mature consideration (See [16] – [19]).

As for the second defence, s 37 CRA specifically provides for the defence of
fair dealing to apply to an "artistic" work. One of the events relied upon by
the appellants to show that there was confusion occurred a month before the
alleged infringement act, so the question of whether the event was a current
one was not clear cut. The questions of whether there was confusion and
whether the event reported was current raised issues of fact and law which
should not be determined summarily (See [25] – [26], [29]).

**CASE REFERRED TO**

_

RA & A Bailey & Co Ltd v Boccaccio Pty Ltd & Ors

_6 IPR 279 (refd) _

British Leyland Motor Corporation Ltd & Ors v Armstrong Patents Co Ltd & Ors

_(1986) 6 IPR 102 (refd) _

Hubbard v Vosper

_[1972] 2 QB 84 (refd) _

Pro Sieben Media AG v Carlton UK Television Ltd

_[1998] FSR 43 (refd) _

BBC v British Sky Broadcasting Ltd

_[1991] 21 IPR 503 (refd) _

Thompson v Marshall

_(1880) 41 LTR 720 (flld) _

European Asian Bank AG v Punjab and Sind Bank (No. 2)

_[1983] 1 WLR 642 (flld) _

Home and Overseas Insurance Co Ltd v Mentor Insurance Co (UK) Ltd (In
Liquidation)

_[1990] 1 WLR 153 (flld)**

LEGISLATION REFERRED TO

**Tradmarks Act (Cap 332), section 27(6)

Copyright Act (Cap. 63), section 37****

_[Delivered by Chao Hick Tin JA]_

**Judgment**

**_GROUNDS OF DECISION_**

1 This was an appeal against a summary judgment given by the High Court which
adjudged that the appellants, Bee Cheng Hiang Hup Chong Foodstuff Pte Ltd
(BCH), had infringed the copyright of the respondents, Fragrance Foodstuff Pte
Ltd (Fragrance), in a certain artistic work and granted an injunction to
restrain BCH. After hearing the parties on the appeal, we set aside the
summary judgment and gave BCH unconditional leave to defend the claim. We now
give our reasons.

**

The facts

**

2 BCH and Fragrance are both in the business of manufacturing and selling,
among others, a type of sweet barbecue meat which is known here as "Bakwa".
The business of BCH started earlier in 1930 while Fragrance were only
incorporated in April 1990. BCH have been selling their products under a trade
mark which consisted of the Chinese character "Xiang" written in a
calligraphic form (hereinafter referred to as mark "X"). This mark appears on
the left at Annex A.

3 Fragrance sell their products under a trade mark which also consists of the
Chinese character "Xiang" but represented in a graphical/stylized manner in an
oval frame, with a flicking tongue coming out of a mouth and licking lips and
with the English word "FRAGRANCE" set out below that frame (hereinafter
referred to as mark "Y"). This mark appears on the right side of Annex A.

4 Mark "Y" was created in late 1994 by one Chionh Cher Tin (Chionh) who was
specially commissioned by Fragrance to produce such a mark (the work). On 5
February 2002, shortly before the institution of the present action, Chionh
formally assigned his copyright in the work to Fragrance.

5 In July 1995, Fragrance registered the work as a trade mark under class 30
covering biscuits, cakes, pastry and confectionery. At the same time, they
also applied to register the work as a trade mark under class 29 for dried
minced pork, pork floss, chicken floss, snack foods, etc. However, this
application is still pending because of opposition by BCH.

6 The event which gave rise to the action was an advertisement of a half-page
dimension appearing over two days, on 2 and 3 February 2002, in the local
English and Chinese newspapers which set out the two marks and stated that BCH
and Fragrance are not related companies (the notice). The advertisement is
shown at Annex A.

7 When the advertisements first appeared in the newspapers, the Lunar New Year
(LNY) of 2002 was just ten days away, falling on 12 February 2002. It was
common ground that during the period before the LNY, demand by the public for
Bakwa was extremely high, as it was an essential delicacy for the festivities.

8 Concurrently with the publication of the advertisements, BCH also
distributed to the public pamphlets containing the same notice. Furthermore,
on 3 February 2002 the Lianhe Zaobao ran a news report on the notice where it
was stated that BCH might continue to publish the notice to dispel confusion.

9 BCH explained that the move to issue the notice was prompted by the fact
that there was evidence of confusion on the part of the public. BCH referred
to two incidents to substantiate that. First, in 1998, Bloomdale (S) Pte Ltd,
a gift and hamper company, mistakenly advertised in its LNY catalogue the pork
and fish floss of Fragrance as those of BCH. On demand by BCH, Bloomdale had
to apologise and make a correction. Secondly, in the February 2002 issue of
_Singapore Women’s Weekly_ where there was a write up on Fragrance, BCH’s
telephone number was given as the telephone number of Fragrance. The publisher
of the magazine apologised for the mistake stating that the intern who had
done the write-up had checked the telephone number of Fragrance using the
Chinese character "Xiang" not realizing that BCH used a similar logo. The
intern wrongly assumed that BCH’s telephone number was that of Fragrance.

10 Following the publication of the notice, correspondence ensued between the
parties’ solicitors, with Fragrance seeking an apology and asking for damages
for the infringement of the copyright in the work. BCH’s solicitors replied
explaining why the notice was published and rejected the claim of Fragrance.
This led to the institution of the present action by Fragrance, both for
copyright and trade mark infringements.

11 At the same time the suit was filed, Fragrance applied for an _ex parte_
interim injunction against BCH in respect of both the alleged copyright and
trade mark infringements. The application was adjourned to be heard _inter-
partes_. In the meantime, after BCH entered appearance to the action,
Fragrance applied for summary judgment against BCH in respect of the alleged
copyright infringement. Both applications came before the judge-in-chambers
who granted summary judgment in favour of Fragrance by the issue of an
injunction restraining BCH from infringing Fragrance’s copyright in the work,
with a caveat that until the trial of the action, Fragrance would not take any
further steps or execution proceedings. In the light of BCH’s undertaking that
they would not further publish the notice until trial, no order for an interim
injunction was made by the court in respect of the alleged trade mark
infringement.

**

Issues

**

12 It was not disputed that BCH did, without the consent of Fragrance,
reproduce and publish Fragrance’s trade mark in the notice which BCH issued.
By so publishing the trade mark of Fragrance, there was _prima facie_
infringement of Fragrance’s copyright in the work. Before us, BCH raised two
main defences, which were also raised in the court below.

> (i) Section 27(6) of the Trademarks Act;
>
> (ii) Section 37 of the Copyright Act

**

Section 27(6)

**

13 We shall deal with the two defences in turn. Section 27(6) of the Trade
Marks Act provides:

> Nothing in subsections (1) to (5) shall be construed as preventing the use
> of a registered trade mark by any person for the purpose of identifying
> goods or services as those of the proprietor or a licensee, but any such use
> otherwise than in accordance with honest practices in industrial or
> commercial matters shall be treated as infringing the registered trade mark
> if the use without due cause takes unfair advantage of, or is detrimental
> to, the distinctive character or repute of the trade mark.

14 BCH argued that the reproduction of mark Y in the notice was for the
purpose of identifying goods or services as those of Fragrance. However, this
was not accepted by the judge below who held that (at 37):-

> "I accepted (Fragrance’s) interpretation of the advertisements/notices as
> containing a subtle suggestion that the defendants’ goods had been confused
> with those of the plaintiffs’ which were inferior to the defendants’, that
> the plaintiffs were responsible for such confusion and, that the plaintiffs
> copied the defendants’ logo. The situation was aggravated by Wong’s
> subsequent press statements."

15 The judge went on to remark that what was objectionable about the notice
was the fact that BCH did not disclose therein that in registering their trade
mark they had disclaimed the exclusive use of the Chinese word "Xiang", except
in the form in which that word appeared in their mark. The judge seemed to
indicate that she was unable to accept the argument that s 27(6) applied
because the motive of BCH was wrong.

16 On our part, we would like to make three observations on the defence based
on s 27(6). Firstly, and with respect, we thought the judge read more into the
notice than is warranted. As is clear from the notice which appeared at Annex
A, the notice merely stated that mark ‘X’ belonged to BCH and mark ‘Y’
belonged to Fragrance, and it also informed the public that the two marks are
not the same and that the two companies are not related. If any party wished
to read more into it or to attribute a motive to the notice, then the alleged
infringer must be permitted to explain and to call his witnesses and be
subject to cross-examination. On a disputed question such as this, it should
not be resolved on the basis of affidavit evidence, without the benefit of
cross-examination. This was where we found some difficulties with the approach
of the judge.

17 Second, we did not think it was possible to contend, just from the manner
in which mark ‘Y’ was depicted in the notice, that s 27(6) could not
conceivably apply to the situation. On the face of it, it is certainly open to
BCH to argue that mark ‘Y’ was reproduced to identify the goods of Fragrance.
The two marks were given equal prominence. The purpose of it all was to inform
the public that the two marks are different and the two companies are not
related. We would hasten to add that, at this juncture, it would not be
appropriate for us to say more, as the entire case will be proceeding to trial
and this question has to be determined by the trial judge in the light of the
evidence adduced before him.

18 Thirdly, and assuming s 27(6) is applicable to the situation in hand, BCH
contended that their act of reproducing mark ‘Y’ for the purposes approved
under that section could not conceivably be in infringement of the copyright
in the work forming mark ‘Y’. There must be an implied permission, in so far
as copyright is concerned. It could not be the intention of Parliament to
authorize the doing of an act which would infringe a related right. We should
also add that BCH had also put the argument in this alternative way: in
electing to use the work as a trade mark, Fragrance must be taken to have
granted an implied licence for other traders to deal with that work in a
manner that is not inconsistent with its status as a trade mark.

19 In our opinion, the issues surrounding the applicability of s 27(6) are
certainly of some complexity and require more mature consideration. It is true
that in _RA & A Bailey & Co Ltd v Boccaccio Pty Ltd & Ors_ 6 IPR 279
(_Bailey’s case_), a case which did not involve the consideration of a
provision similar to that of s 27(6), Young J of the Supreme Court of New
South Wales, said at 290:-

> "Apart from the _British Leyland_ case there has not been as far as I know
> any judicial indication of any policy of the law that where a person has
> more than one industrial property right, it can only avail it of the
> protection afforded to one of those rights and where there is a conflict it
> is copyright which is disregarded."

20 But it seems to us that these views may have to be confined to the material
facts of that case. There, the plaintiff, a manufacturer of the "Bailey’s
Original Irish Cream", made arrangement with third parties to import and
distribute the product in Australia in bottles with an elaborate pictorial
label (Australian label), part of which was registered as a trade mark. The
defendant imported the same product bearing an almost identical label which
was distributed by the plaintiff in the Netherlands. It was admitted that the
Australian label was an artistic work which enjoyed copyright. Young J held
that the importation and sale of the Dutch bottle by the defendants did not
infringe the Australian trade mark but it constituted infringement of the
plaintiff’s copyright.

21 As indicated before, Young J declined to follow the House of Lords’
decision in _British Leyland Motor Corporation Ltd & Ors v Armstrong Patents
Co Ltd & Ors_ (1986) 6 IPR 102, where the House held that it was not a breach
of copyright for the defendants to produce parts to repair vehicles by
producing a copy of the relevant exhaust pipe. Some of the judgments of their
Lordships would appear to be based on the principle of non-derogation from the
grant rather than implied licence. In the words of Lord Templemen (at p.
129):-

> "BL own the car and the copyright in a drawing of an exhaust pipe fitted to
> the car. BL sell the car and retain the copyright. The exercise by BL of
> their copyright in the drawing will render the car unfit for the purpose for
> which the car is held. BL cannot exercise their copyright so as to prevent
> the car being repaired by replacement of the exhaust pipe.

> A purchaser of a patented article may carry out repairs to it without being
> held liable for infringement."

22 Of course, the situation in _British Leyland_ is quite different from that
prevailing in the present case which concerns the scope of s 27(6). The
position in _Bailey’s case_ is also dissimilar. The general principles might
well be as stated by Young J that "a person who has both a trade mark and
copyright is _generally_ entitled to protection against both." But could it
really be the intention of Parliament in enacting s 27(6) that while
Parliament sanctioned the reproduction of a trade mark for the purposes of
identifying the goods or services of the owner of the trade mark, it
nevertheless leaves the defendant open to an action on a related ground of
infringement of copyright? No authority from any other jurisdictions was cited
to us which touched on the application or interpretation of an equivalent
provision. Thus, in our opinion, the point deserves fuller ventilation.

**

Fair dealing

**

23 We now turn to consider the second defence of fair dealing, which is set
out in section 37 of the Copyright Act as follows:-

> "A fair dealing with a literary, dramatic, musical or artistic work, or with
> an adaptation of a literary, dramatic or musical work, shall not constitute
> an infringement of the copyright in the work if it is for the purpose of, or
> is associated with, the reporting of current events –

> > > (a) in a newspaper, magazine or similar periodical and a sufficient
> acknowledgment of the work is made;

> > or

> > > (b) by means of broadcasting or a cable programme service or in a
> cinematograph film."

24 As is implicit from the wording of the provision, fair dealing can only
apply where there is an element of public interest. On this, the judge held
that, first, the matter was only of interest to the parties and not to the
general public. Second, she felt that the question of confusion between the
two marks could not be qualified as current events, as the two incidents of
confusion occurred some time ago. Third, in reliance on a passage of Lord
Denning MR in _Hubbard v Vosper_ [1972] 2 QB 84 at 94-95, she said that this
defence under s 37 is not available to an artistic work.

25 It seems to us that the third point made by the judge could hardly be
sustained. Section 37 specifically provides for a "fair dealing with a
literary … _artistic_ work". To say that there cannot be "fair dealing" with
an artistic work would be contrary to what is plainly provided for in the
section itself. We should mention that in _Hubbard v Vosper_(at p.98),__ Megaw
LJ even contemplated a case in which the quotation of an entire short work
might be fair dealing.

26 As regards the first and second points made by the judge relating to the
questions of confusion and whether it was a current event, we think these are
questions which require more in depth exploration, with evidence to be adduced
before the court. Both parties operate numerous retail outlets throughout
Singapore, with BCH having 22 outlets and Fragrance, 16. If there was, in
fact, confusion in the mind of some members of the public, that could
conceivably constitute a "current event". The fact that Lianhe Zaobao carried
a news report on 3 February 2002 on the alleged confusion is some evidence of
the matter being a "current event" and it being a matter of some public
interest. The judge also seemed to think that the events was dated. But one of
the event relied upon by BCH to show that there was confusion occurred in
January/February 2002, the February 2002 issue of _Singapore Women’s Weekly_.
So the question, of whether the event was dated, was not clear-cut. Besides,
the Copyright Act does not define what is a "current event".

27 In _Pro Sieben Media AG v Carlton UK Television Ltd_ [1998] FSR 43 Laddie J
said that the defence was concerned with "allowing fair use of copyright
material for the purpose of reporting matters of current, as opposed to
historical, interest or concern." This case went on appeal where Walker LJ
said (at [1999] FSR 610 at 620) that ‘reporting current events’ was an
expression of wide and indefinite scope. "Any attempt to plot their precise
boundaries is doomed to failure … (it) should be interpreted liberally."

28 In _BBC v British Sky_ _Broadcasting Ltd_ [1991] 21 IPR 503, two points
made by Scott J were pertinent. First, there was no justification for limiting
the defence so as to apply only to reporting current events in a general news
programme. Second, the fact that the alleged infringer was a commercial rival
of the copyright owner did not, _ipso facto_ , take the case outside fair
dealing.

29 We must stress that this court is not, at this stage, offering any
definitive views on the defence under s 37. What was uppermost in our mind was
that both the points, ‘confusion’ and ‘current event’, raised issues of fact
and law which should not be determined summarily.

30 The judge below said that she did not believe that consumers were actually
confused by the two trade marks. She expressed scepticism on the instance of
confusion cited by BCH where a Fragrance’s customer attempted to exchange
product at a BCH outlet as she could not "imagine how customers of perishable
products like barbecued pork would be allowed to exchange what they had
purchased unless the packing contained expiry dates and their purchases had
indeed expired at the time they bought the same". It should be remembered that
besides Bakwa, the parties also sold other products. Some of the products sold
could well have been properly sealed. In the particular instance mentioned, it
was vacuum packed sausage. It is possible that a customer may want to change
what he has bought not because of any expiry date but because he has changed
his mind as to what he wants. It seems to us these are matters which should be
gone into. It is true that a mere assertion does not, _ipso facto_ , give a
party a right to defend an action. Much would depend on the nature of the
assertion and the circumstances relating thereto. But in relation to this
matter, we thought the judge should have heard the evidence before she made
the finding that the allegation of BCH that a customer who bought Fragrance’s
product had come to make an exchange at a BCH outlet could not be true.

**

Conclusion

**

31 For the above reasons, we came to the conclusion that it was not
appropriate to grant summary judgment in this case. We agree that if the
suggested defence in a case is on a point of law and the court can see that
the point is misconceived or unsustainable, judgment should be given. But this
is not such a case. There are factual matters here which have to be gone into
and difficult questions of law which require mature consideration.

32 However, there is one other circumstance which we think also suggest that
this is a case which ought to go for trial. The main object of summary
judgment is to prevent delay and to enable a plaintiff to obtain a quick
judgment where there is plainly no defence to the claim: see _Thompson v
Marshall_ (1880) 41 LTR 720, _European Asian Bank AG v Pubjab and Sind Bank
(No.2)_[1983] 1 WLR 642 at 654 per Robert Goff LJ and _Home and Overseas
Insurance Co Ltd v Mentor Insurance Co (UK) Ltd (In Liquidation_) [1990] 1 WLR
153 at 158 per Parker LJ. Here, the summary judgment granted by the court
below was only in respect of a part of the action. There will still have to be
a trial in respect of the trade mark infringement claim. As the claim in
copyright is so closely linked with the claim in trade mark, there is really
little advantage in granting summary judgment for the copyright claim alone.
There will hardly be any saving in terms of time and effort. The fact that the
judge below in granting the summary judgment added a rider that there be no
execution until trial and had refused to grant an order as to damages for the
infringement is clear indication of the close connection between the two
claims. Moreover, it also seems to us that the claim for copyright
infringement was viewed very much by the judge below as incidental to the main
claim for trade mark infringement, as she did not grant an order for an
inquiry as to damages in respect of the copyright infringement.

****

Sgd:

CHAO HICK TIN | TAN LEE MENG   
---|---  
JUDGE OF APPEAL | JUDGE  
  
Annex A - please click here to view.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Nov 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

