Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wong Kwei Cheong v ABN-AMRO Bank NV  
[2002] SGHC 111

Case Number | : | OSB 600005/2002, RA 600019/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 May 2002  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  S Rajendran J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chua Eu Jin and Melissa Lee (Rajah & Tann) for the appellants/respondents; George Lim and Kalyani Rajendran (Wee Tay & Lim) for the respondent/applicant   
Parties | : |  Wong Kwei Cheong — ABN-AMRO Bank NV   
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Statutory demand – Substituted service –
Creditor aware of debtor's last known place of residence – Whether creditor
can rely on r 96(4)(c) of Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 1996 Ed) to effect
service – Whether reasonable steps taken to bring statutory demand to debtor's
notice – rr 96(1), 96(4)(a), 96(4)(b) & 96(4)(c) Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R
1, 1996 Ed)  
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Statutory demand – Setting aside – Disputes as
to statutory demand – Whether disputes substantial – Function of court when
hearing application to set aside statutory demand – r 98(2)(b) Bankruptcy
Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 1996 Ed)  
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Statutory demand – Setting aside – Improper
service – Substituted service – Advertising notice of statutory demand in
newspaper – Non-compliance with r 96 of Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 1996
Ed) – Whether non-compliance mere irregularity or formal defect curable under
s 158(1) of Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Ed) – Whether court bound to dismiss
defective statutory demand – Whether statutory presumption of inability to pay
arises – ss 62(a)(i) & 158(1) Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Ed) – rr 96, 108(6)
& 127(c) Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 1996 Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – 'In the prescribed manner' – s 62(a)(i) Bankruptcy Act
(Cap 20, 2000 Ed)  
  

** Judgment **

_**GROUNDS OF DECISION**_

1\. On 20 July 2001, ABN-AMRO Bank N.V. ("the Bank") issued a Statutory Demand
under s 62 of the Bankruptcy Act 1995 against Wong Kwei Cheong ("Wong") for
certain sums of monies allegedly due to the Bank from Wong under a personal
guarantee executed by Wong in respect of banking facilities extended by the
Bank to a company called "Dtron Singapore Pte Ltd" ("Dtron"). The Bank did not
serve the Statutory Demand personally on Wong. Instead, the Bank advertised a
notice of that demand in the Straits Times of 23 July 2001. The notice read:

BANKRUPTCY ACT  
(CHAPTER 20)  
BANKRUPTCY RULES

_

NOTICE OF ADVERTISEMENT OF  
STATUTORY DEMAND

_ To: | WONG KWEI CHEONG  
---|---  
| (NRIC No. 0226068/I)  

Address:  | Lately of 16A Dunlop Street  
---|---  
| Singapore 209345.  
  
TAKE NOTICE that a Statutory Demand has been issued by the Creditor, ABN-AMRO
Bank N.V. (RC No. F00005N) of 63 Chulia Street, Singapore 049514.

The Creditor demands payment of US$807,600.16 being the total amount due as at
30th June 2001 from the Debtor pursuant to the Personal Guarantee dated 23rd
September 1996.

The Statutory Demand is an important document and is deemed to have been
served on you on the date of the first appearance of this advertisement. You
must deal with this demand _within 21 days_ of the service on you or you could
be made bankrupt and your property and goods taken away from you. If you are
in any doubt about your petition, you should seek advice immediately from a
solicitor or, if you qualify for Legal Aid, from the Director of Legal Aid.

The Statutory Demand can be obtained or is available for inspection and
collection from:

Name: | Mr Chua Eu Jin / Ms Melissa Lee  
---|---  
Address: | No. 4 Battery Road, #15-01  
| Bank of China Building,  
| Singapore 049908.  
  
…

You have only _21 days_ from the date of the first appearance of this
advertisement before the Creditor may present a Bankruptcy Petition.

Dated this 23rd day of July 2001.  
MESSRS RAJAH & TANN  
SOLICITORS FOR THE CREDITOR.

2\. Wong, on 14 January 2002, applied, under rr 97(1) and 97(3) of the
Bankruptcy Rules (by way of OSB No. 600005/02) to have the Statutory Demand
set aside and, as Wong was out of time within which to make this application,
for an extension of the time within which to do. That originating summons was
heard by the Assistant Registrar Mrs Wang Wei Chi ("AR") on 28 February 2002.
The AR granted the extension of time. The AR also found that there were
"genuine triable issues" and set aside the Statutory Demand. Her power to set
aside the Statutory Demand was derived from r 98(2)(b) of the Bankruptcy Rules
which reads as follows:

> "The court shall set aside the Statutory Demand if –
>
> (b) the debt is disputed on grounds which appear to the court to be
> substantial."

The Bank, dissatisfied with the AR’s decision to set aside the Statutory
Demand, appealed against that ruling. I upheld the AR’s decision. Against that
ruling the Bank again appealed and I now give my grounds.

3\. On a plain reading of r 98(2)(b) of the Bankruptcy Rules, if the debtor
disputes the claim in the Statutory Demand and that dispute appears to the
court to be substantial, the bankruptcy court is obliged to set aside the
Statutory Demand. It is not the function of the bankruptcy court, at the
hearing of an application to set aside a Statutory Demand, to conduct a full
hearing of the dispute and adjudicate on the merits of the creditor’s claim.
That would be the function of the court in its non-bankruptcy jurisdiction
should the creditor institute proceedings against the debtor to obtain
judgment on the claim contained in the Statutory Demand.

4\. The personal guarantee in favour of the Bank that Wong had executed was an
"all monies" guarantee. Mr George Lim, who appeared for Wong, submitted that
although Wong had executed an "all monies" guarantee, the intention of the
parties was for Wong to execute a guarantee under which he would be liable for
only 35% of the debts of Dtron. To the extent that the personal guarantee
purported to be an "all monies" guarantee, it did not reflect what the parties
had in fact intended. Mr Lim submitted that until that mistake in the personal
guarantee was rectified, the personal guarantee was void and/or unenforceable;
and, as the Statutory Demand that was made was made pursuant to a
void/unenforceable guarantee, that demand too was ineffective. He submitted
that in view of the mistake in the personal guarantee Wong had a complete
defence to any action against him based on the "all monies" guarantee.

5\. Mr Lim further submitted that even if the Bank applied for rectification
of the terms of the "all monies" guarantee, there would be a dispute as to how
the 35% was to be computed. The Bank’s practice had been to apply
contributions made by Wong to reduce the overall debt of Dtron. It had also
been the Bank’s practice to charge interest on the total outstanding sum. Mr
Lim submitted that Wong’s liability under the personal guarantee ought to be
on the basis that two separate accounts had been maintained and payments made
by Wong ought to have been used to reduce his 35% liability. He submitted
that, so treated, in the light of the fact that between November 1998 and
March 1999 Wong had made substantial payments (in excess of US$200,000) to the
Bank, there would be a considerable reduction in the principal amount (and
interest) payable to the Bank by Wong.

6\. As indicated above, I did not, in these proceedings, have to decide
whether Wong would be able to successfully resist the Bank’s claim against him
should the Bank institute proceedings against Wong for the recovery of the
amounts claimed in the Statutory Demand. What I had to consider was whether
the disputes that Wong raised to the Bank’s claim under the Statutory Demand
appeared to be substantial disputes. If so, then the Statutory Demand ought to
be set aside. The disputes raised by Wong, as highlighted to me by Mr Lim,
appeared to me to be substantial. I therefore upheld the AR’s decision to set
aside the Statutory Demand and dismissed the Bank’s appeal with costs.

7\. The AR – as appears from the Notes of Argument that she kept – set aside
the Statutory Demand on the grounds that Wong had raised "genuine triable
issues". In using that formulation, the AR appeared to be guided by paragraph
66(3) of the Supreme Court Practice Directions which states:

> "When the debtor … disputes the debt (not being a debt subject to a judgment
> or order), the Court will normally set aside the statutory demand if, in its
> opinion, on the evidence there is a _genuine triable issue_."  
>  (Emphasis added.)

It may be that the phrase "genuine triable issue" in the Practice Directions
and the phrase "grounds which appear to the court to be substantial" in r
98(2)(b) of the Bankruptcy Rules in effect mean the same thing. I would,
however, prefer to apply the latter phrase as that is the test prescribed in
the Bankruptcy Rules.

_**

  
Service of Statutory Demand

**_

8\. As referred to earlier, the Statutory Demand in this case was not served
personally on Wong. Instead, notice of the Statutory Demand was advertised in
the Straits Times. The question that arose was whether such advertisement was
good service of the Statutory Demand and, if not, whether the Statutory Demand
ought to be set aside on that ground.

9\. One Basiruddin, a clerk employed by M/s Rajah & Tann, had testified on
behalf of the Bank that he made three attempts to serve the Statutory Demand
on Wong at the last place of residence of Wong known to the Bank, namely,
No.16A Dunlop Street, Singapore 209345. On all three occasions Basiruddin had
found the premises locked. A property search conducted by M/s Rajah & Tann
indicated that the registered owner of No.16A Dunlop Street was a company
known as Yilin Investments Pte Ltd. In view of the fact that Wong was not
shown to be the registered owner of No.16A Dunlop Street, Basiruddin did not
either post the Statutory Demand on the door of No.16A Dunlop Street as
envisaged in r 96(4)(a) or forward the Statutory Demand by prepaid post to
that address as envisaged by r 96(4)(b) of the Bankruptcy Rules. Basiruddin
testified that subsequently he tried, unsuccessfully, to effect service of the
Statutory Demand on three other occasions at three other possible addresses of
Wong.

10\. Mr Chua Eu Jin, who appeared for the Bank, submitted that these attempts
by Basiruddin to effect personal service of the Statutory Demand on Wong were
a sufficient compliance by the Bank of its obligations (under r 96(1) and (2)
of the Bankruptcy Rules) to take all reasonable steps to bring the Statutory
Demand to Wong’s attention and to take all reasonable steps to effect personal
service of the Statutory Demand. Mr Chua submitted that as personal service
could not be effected after so many attempts, the Bank was "entitled" to
effect substituted service and the Bank "elected" to advertise a notice of the
Statutory Demand in the Straits Times of 23 July 2001.

11\. Mr Chua, in making that submission, appears to have overlooked the
requirements of r 96(4) which provides:

"(4). Substituted service under paragraph (3) may be effected in the following
manner:

(a) by posting the statutory demand at the door or some other conspicuous part
of the _last known place of residence_ or business of the debtor or both;

(b) by forwarding the statutory demand to the debtor by prepaid registered
post to _the last known place of residence_ , business or employment of the
debtor;

(c) where the creditor is unable to effect substituted service in accordance
with sub-paragraph (a) or (b) _by reason that he has no knowledge of the last
known place of residence, business or employment of the debtor_ , by
advertisement of the statutory demand in one or more local newspapers, in
which case the time limited for compliance with the demand shall run from the
date of the publication of the advertisement; or

(d) such other mode which the court would have ordered in an application for
substituted service of a petition in the circumstances."  
(Emphasis added.)

It is apparent from r 96(4)(c) that the creditor may advertise the Statutory
Demand only where, by reason of his not knowing the last place of residence,
business or employment of the debtor, he is unable to effect substituted
service in accordance with sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of r 96(4).

12\. It is clear from the notice of demand advertised in the Straits Times and
from the evidence of Basiruddin that the Bank knew the last known place of
residence of Wong to be No.16A Dunlop Street. As the last known place of
residence was known to the Bank, the Bank should have effected substituted
service under r 96(4)(a) and/or (b). This the Bank failed to do. On a plain
reading of r 96(4)(c), the Bank would have the option of advertising the
Statutory Demand under r 96(4)(c) only if the Bank had no knowledge of the
last known place of residence, business or employment of Wong. The Bank did
not therefore have the option under r 96(4)(c) to effect substituted service
by advertising the Statutory Demand in the newspapers. I therefore found that
service of the Statutory Demand on Wong had not been effected in accordance
with the requirements of r 96 of the Bankruptcy Rules.

13\. In this context, I would note that the fact that Wong was not the
registered owner of the premises was not in any way indicative that Wong was
not resident at the premises. The company that owned the premises may have
belonged to Wong, or even if it did not, Wong could be residing at the
premises by leave and licence of that company or of a tenant of those
premises. In any event, even if Wong was in fact no longer residing at that
address, it would not detract from the fact that that was the last known place
of residence of Wong insofar as the Bank was concerned.

14\. The Bank was, under r 96(1) the Bankruptcy Rules, obliged to take
reasonable steps to bring the Statutory Demand to the attention of Wong. Mr
Lim pointed out that one of the more obvious things that the Bank could have
done to comply with that requirement was to notify Wong’s solicitors (M/s Wee
Tay & Lim) of the Statutory Demand and enquire whether they would accept
service on behalf of Wong. The Bank, Mr Lim submitted, was at that time fully
aware that M/s Wee Tay & Lim were acting for Wong – there had even been
meetings between the Bank and M/s Wee Tay & Lim – but despite this close
contact, neither the Bank nor the Bank’s solicitors had attempted to contact
M/s Wee Tay & Lim before advertising the Statutory Demand. Mr Lim submitted
that by advertising the Notice of Statutory Demand without (a) informing M/s
Wee Tay & Lim of the Statutory Demand; and (b) complying with r 96(4)(c) of
the Bankruptcy Rules, the Bank had abused the process of the court. There was
merit in these submissions of Mr Lim. As the Bank knew that M/s Wee Tay & Lim
were acting for Wong, one would have expected the Bank to try to communicate
the Statutory Demand to Wong through M/s Wee Tay & Lim.

15\. Even assuming that the Bank was justified in effecting substituted
service by way of advertisement, what r 96(4)(c) required the Bank to do was
advertise the Statutory Demand in the newspapers. The Bank did not do that.
What the Bank did was advertise a notice of that Statutory Demand. Mr Chua
submitted that the Bank did not advertise the Statutory Demand because to do
so would be considerably more expensive than advertising a notice of that
Demand. That may well be so but if a creditor wants to take advantage of the
provisions in the Bankruptcy Rules relating to substituted services, that
creditor would have to comply with the procedures specified. The Rules did not
authorise the creditor to vary the procedure laid down on the grounds of costs
or on any other grounds. In this case the Bank, by advertising a notice of the
Statutory Demand and not the Statutory Demand itself, had not complied with r
96(4)(c) of the Bankruptcy Rules.

16\. The effect of non-compliance with the requirements of r 96 relating to
the service of statutory demands is specifically dealt with in r 108(6) of the
Bankruptcy Rules which reads:

"The court _shall dismiss the petition_ if it is not satisfied that the
creditor has discharged the obligations imposed on him _by rule 96_."

(Emphasis added.)

The same mandatory direction is again reflected in r 127(c) which provides:

"The court _shall dismiss a creditor’s petition_ where –  
…  
(c) in a case where the petition is based on a statutory demand, the
petitioning creditor _has not discharged the obligations imposed on him by
rule 96_."

(Emphasis added.)

Mr Lim submitted that, in the light of the clear directions in rr 108(6) and
127(c), the court acting under r 98(2)(e) of the Bankruptcy Rules ought to set
aside the Statutory Demand. Rule 98(2)(e) provides:

"(2) The court shall set aside the statutory demand if –

> (e) the court is satisfied, on other grounds, that the demand ought to be
> set aside."

There was merit in that submission. If the Bankruptcy Rules direct that a
_petition_ for bankruptcy founded on a Statutory Demand ought to be set aside
if that Statutory Demand has not been served in compliance with r 96, then an
application that such a Statutory Demand should be set aside should, _a
fortiori_ , be granted.

17\. Mr Chua, however, drew the attention of the court to s 158(1) of the
Bankruptcy Act which provides:

"No proceedings in bankruptcy shall be invalidated by any _formal defect or by
any irregularity_ , unless the court before which an objection is made to the
proceedings is of the opinion that substantial injustice has been caused by
the defect or irregularity and that the injustice cannot be remedied by any
order of that court."

(Emphasis added.)

Mr Chua submitted that non-compliance with the service requirements in r 96
was a formal defect or an irregularity and as there was no evidence before the
court of any injustice to Wong as a result of such defect/irregularity, the
court ought not to set aside the Statutory Demand.

18\. The language of rr 108(6) and 127(c) of the Bankruptcy Rules – that the
court shall dismiss the petition if r 96 was not complied with – is quite
unequivocal. Such peremptory language in the Bankruptcy Rules was, in my view,
clear indication that the intention behind the Rules was to make compliance of
the rules relating to service mandatory. In that context, for the court to
treat non-compliance with r 96 as an irregularity or a formal defect that can
be cured under s 158(1) of the Bankruptcy Act would be to negate the
peremptory nature of the rr 108(6) and 127(c). I agree with the submission of
Mr Lim that were the court to take such a view, parties might be encouraged
not to comply with mandatory provisions in the Bankruptcy Rules and then hide
under the umbrella of s 158(1) should their non-compliance be later
discovered.

19\. The failure on the part of a debtor to comply with the terms of a
Statutory Demand gives rise to a statutory presumption under s 62 of the
Bankruptcy Act that the debtor is unable to pay his debt. However, one of the
conditions that must be satisfied before such a presumption arises is that the
Statutory Demand should have been served on the debtor "in the prescribed
manner". It would be useful to set out the material portion of s 62:

"62. For the purposes of a creditor’s petition, a debtor shall, until he
proves to the contrary, _be presumed to be unable to pay any debt within the
meaning of section 61(1)(c) if the debt is immediately payable and_ –

(a) (i) the petitioning creditor to whom the debt is owned has _served on him
in the prescribed manner, a statutory demand_."

(Emphasis added.)

The "prescribed manner" in which Statutory Demands are to be served is r 96 of
the Bankruptcy Rules.

20\. As the Statutory Demand in this case was not served in accordance with
the manner prescribed in r 96, the statutory presumption in s 62 cannot arise.
The proper service of a Statutory Demand is therefore a matter of fundamental
importance in the operation of the Bankruptcy Act. To cure a defect in the
service of a Statutory Demand by recourse to s 158(1) of the Bankruptcy Act
would, in my view, amount to a re-writing of s 62(a)(i) of the Bankruptcy Act.
I do not think s 158(1) was intended to have such far-reaching consequences.
In any event, such a re-writing of s 62(a)(i) would cause substantial
injustice to Wong. The procedural defect in the service of the Statutory
Demand on Wong was therefore a matter that could not be cured under s 158(1)
of the Bankruptcy Act. The Statutory Demand in this case had, accordingly, to
be set aside.

21\. For the above reasons, I dismissed with costs the Bank’s appeal against
the orders made by the AR.

Sgd:

S. RAJENDRAN  
Judge

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 May 2002 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

