Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hua Sheng Tao v Welltech Construction Pte Ltd and Another and Another
Application  
[2003] SGHC 28

Case Number | : | OS 1744/2002, OS 1766/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 February 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Adeline Chong Seow Ming [Harry Elias Partnership] for Welltech Construction Pte Ltd and Transbilt Engineering Pte Ltd; N Srinivasan and G Prasanna Devi [Hoh & Partners] for Hua Sheng Tao   
Parties | : |  Hua Sheng Tao — Welltech Construction Pte Ltd; Transbilt Engineering Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Leave – Plaintiff appealing to High Court –
Whether leave to appeal required – Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322,
1999 Rev Ed) s 21(1)  
  

1\. There were two applications before me both of which were for leave to
appeal to the High Court against the judgment of a District Court judge in a
suit brought there by the plaintiff against the first and second defendants.
The plaintiff was a semi-skilled worker employed to plaster the walls of a
building under construction. The first defendants were the main contractors of
the building project and it was they who supplied the scaffolding, including a
metal deck, for the workers such as the plaintiff. The second defendants were
the sub-contractors and the immediate employers of the plaintiff.

2\. While he was climbing down the scaffolding in the course of his work, the
plaintiff stepped on a metal deck which the trial judge found as a fact to be
inherently defective. The deck gave way and the plaintiff fell from a height
of about 1.7m to the ground, injuring his ankles. He sued for damages which
his solicitors quantified at $188,872.89. The trial judge dismissed the
plaintiff's claim against the first defendants but allowed the claim against
the second defendants. However, he found that the plaintiff had contributed to
the accident to the extent of 40%. The judge then assessed damages at
$59,872.39. 60% of that sum is $35,923.43. Neither party was pleased with the
decision of the court. It was not disputed that by virtue of s 21(1) of the
Supreme Court Of Judicature Act, Ch 322 the second defendants required leave
to appeal. They maintained however, that the plaintiff also required leave
under the same provision to appeal because the amount in dispute was less than
the sum of $50,000 stipulated in s 21(1). I am setting out below the text of s
21(1), for convenience:

"Subject to the provisions of this Act or any other written law, an appeal
shall lie to the High Court from a decision of a District Court or
Magistrate's Court in any suit or action for the recovery of immovable
property or in any civil cause or matter where _the amount in dispute or the
value of the subject matter exceeds $50,000_ or such other amount as may be
specified by an order made under subsection (3) or with the leave of a
District Court, a Magistrate's Court or the High Court if under that amount."
(my emphasis)

3\. Miss Chong, counsel for the defendants, submitted on the authority of a
Malaysian High Court case, _Lein Tiam Hock v Arumugam a/l Kandasamy_ [1999] 6
MLJ 129, that the "amount in dispute or value of the subject matter" in the
present case is $35,923.43. The court in _Lein Tiam Hock_ also had to consider
a statutory provision containing the same words "amount in dispute or value of
the subject matter". In that case, the court was of the view that the emphasis
should be on the word "decision" in the Malaysian equivalent of our s 21(1)
and, placing his emphasis there, the learned judge concluded that "the amount
in dispute or the subject-matter provided for under s 28 [our s 21], must
relate to the decision of the subordinate court, and not to any sum claimed
either by the plaintiff or the combined sum of the claim and counterclaim
submitted by the defendant, if any". Further on, the learned judge analysed
the effect of the statutory words in this way: a plaintiff who does not appeal
against the award is, in principle, not prejudiced by it. In "real terms", the
plaintiff would have abandoned any larger claim that he might originally have
made. The defendant, on the other hand, believing that he was wrongly judged,
would be the one to file the appeal. The court then said, "In practical terms
when an aggrieved party files an appeal he must be disputing the judgment sum
awarded against him. Therefore, shorn of all the legal niceties, that judgment
sum must be the amount in dispute". With respect, I do not agree that the
"amount in dispute" in s 21(1) necessarily means the "judgment sum". It may
well be a larger sum, namely, the amount claimed by the plaintiff at first
instance. That is because his dissatisfaction with the judge's decision may
stem from his belief that the judge ought to have granted him the full amount
originally claimed. For my part, I would place emphasis on the "amount in
dispute" rather than on the word "decision" in s 21(1). The relevant portion
of s 21(1) in present context would read as follows,

"an appeal shall lie to the High Court from a decision of a District Court or
Magistrate’s in any civil cause or matter where the amount in dispute exceeds
$50,000".

Read in plain English, the meaning seems clear enough. The only question one
need ask is whether the plain reading will result in an absurdity. The answer
plainly, is no.

4\. Mr Srinivasan, counsel for the plaintiff, also drew my attention to
_Augustine & Anor v Goh Siam Yong_ [1992] 1 SLR 767 and wondered whether the
statutory limit should be pegged to the difference between the amount claimed
by the plaintiff and the amount awarded by the judge rather than just the
amount as originally claimed by the plaintiff. He expressed the fear that if
it was to be the latter, then s 21(1) would be rendered impotent and of no
effect since it would lead every plaintiff to claim in excess of $50,000 in
the first instance. I do not think that the consequence is as severe as
counsel feared. Often, the quantum of damages may only become evident after
the judge has assessed damages. The quantum awarded may be $10,000 and the
plaintiff though dissatisfied with $10,000 may nonetheless accept that it
would not be more than $50,000. Conversely, the plaintiff may be awarded
$60,000 and does not appeal, but the defendant, on the other hand may say that
the award should not be more than $30,000. That is why the Court of Appeal in
the _Augustine_ case alluded to the point that it may depend on who the party
appealing is, and on that basis, distinguished _Anthony s/o Savarimuthu v Soh
Chuan Tin_ [1989] SLR 607. The relevance of the party intending to appeal is
that the amount in dispute so far as one party is concerned may not be the
same as regards the other party who may, on his own accord or in the
circumstances, limit the amount to less than $50,000. One such case is
Originating Summons No. 50 of 2003 which was heard by me immediately after
this present originating summons.

5\. Miss Chong augmented her submissions with three other arguments. The first
was based on the purpose of s 21(1) which she rightly said was to discourage
what the Minister had referred to as "non-serious" appeals. She said that what
is a serious appeal should not be a matter left to be decided by the
plaintiff. The trial judge, she said, had heard all the evidence and must be
the best person to decide what is serious and what is not. If Miss Chong is
correct, and I do not think that she is, it means that the trial judge's
decision becomes the definitive declaration as to what is serious. The problem
with this view is that the decision of the trial judge is itself the problem
in the sense that it is precisely that decision that the plaintiff wishes to
appeal against. Some plaintiffs may overstate their claim, but that is the
duty of the trial judge - to determine not only as to whether the plaintiff
has a case, but also whether he had exaggerated it. The right of appeal
incorporates the right to argue that the trial judge was wrong on all counts.
I therefore do not see any merit in Miss Chong's first argument.

6\. Counsel's second argument against the idea of pegging the $50,000 limit to
the plaintiff's claim is made on the assumption that "claimants quantify their
claims on a higher scale", and drawing from that assumption, the conclusion
that the parliamentary aim of s 21(1) would thereby be defeated. Sometimes the
whole and true picture emerges only when we take a step or two backwards. This
is one such instant. Section 21(1) has the immediate and obvious effect of
limiting the right of appeal from the District Court to the High Court under
the avowed aim of weeding out "non-serious appeals". We ought to begin by
reminding ourselves that the provision in question has the effect of limiting
a broader and more fundamental right - the right of a litigant in the District
Court and Magistrate’s Court to appeal to the High Court. The limitation ought
therefore be applied strictly within the ambit permitted by the statutory
language. What has to be avoided is an interpretation that curtails more than
what the Parliamentary words intend. It would not be right, therefore, to say
that an appeal is not serious merely because the trial judge had held that the
award should be less than $50,000 since the root complaint in such cases is
precisely that that decision was wrong. If the appellant succeeds then he is
right and if he fails, the trial judge is right. A non-serious appeal, without
specific qualification by the legislature, in my view, must refer to appeals
in which it is obvious that the subject matter of the suit that resulted in
the trial judge's decision (the amount in dispute), and, consequently
therefore, also the subject matter of the appeal, is not more than $50,000.
Thus where it is clear that the plaintiff has quantified his claim to be less
than $50,000 in the trial, then it follows that his appeal is unlikely to be
for a larger sum. Those are the sort of cases that Parliament wishes to
discourage on appeal; and even so, a discretion is left to the court to grant
leave notwithstanding that the sum involved was less than the statutory
figure. Hence, for these reasons I am of the view that the defendants' second
argument is not persuasive.

7\. In her third argument Miss Chong relied on "the need for certainty" and
expressed the view that by pegging the amount adjudged as the amount in
dispute, it would eliminate all uncertainties as to what the amount in dispute
is. I am unable to see the merit in this argument. The amount must clearly be
shown to be below $50,000 so that s 21(1) would otherwise apply. Thus, this
third argument is circuitous because it depended on the assumption that the
trial judge's decision is definitive.

8\. In her submissions, Miss Chong anticipated a case that Mr Srinivasan,
might rely, namely _Sethuraman v Star Industries Pte Ltd_ , Originating
Summons 7004 of 1999 (unreported). The relevant portion of that judgment is
found in [18] and here reproduced:

"It can be argued that in keeping with that reason, the threshold limit should
apply to the amount in dispute in the appeal, rather than the amount in
dispute in the original claim. A strict construction of s 21(1) can lead to
anomalous results. When a claim for $30,000 is dismissed, leave to appeal is
required before the High Court will hear the appeal because the High Court
will be dealing with a dispute involving a claim of $30,000. When $30,000 is
allowed on a claim for $60,000, an appeal will also involve a sum of $30,000
whether the plaintiff or defendant appeals, but on a strict construction, no
leave is required. _As leave is required in the first situation, leave should
also be required in the second situation. The object of setting the threshold
limit is not promoted when appeals involving sums below the limit are allowed
to proceed without leave_." (counsel's emphasis).

Miss Chong believes that a on close reading of the above passage one would get
a hint that the judge was disinclined to apply the strict construction, and
she therefore, urged me to follow suit. I am unable to agree with Miss Chong.
I think that on a close reading no anomaly exists and it follows, therefore,
that the hint that caught counsel's attention would have lost all relevance.
In any event, the judge made it clear that the decision there rested on its
own facts. The relevant fact in that case was that the amount in dispute as
well as that adjudged by the trial judge was above $50,000. It will not be
right to take the difference between the amount claimed and the amount awarded
to see if the figure exceeds $50,000 because that goes against the plain
reading of s 21(1) and is inconsistent with the Court of Appeal's decision in
_Tan Chiang Brother's Marble (S) Pte Ltd v Permasteelisa Pacific Holdings Ltd_
[2002] 2 SLR 225. Furthermore, on appeal, the entire dispute may have to be
re-examined and the amount in dispute that is being re-examined must obviously
be the amount in dispute at the trial below.

9\. Miss Chong referred very briefly to the Court of Appeal case of _Spandeck
Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Yong Qiang Construction_ [1999] 4 SLR 401 merely to
say that the purposive approach to interpretation was adopted. The issue that
arose in the _Spandeck_ case is not the same as that before me. In _Spandeck_
the issue concerned an interpretation of s 34(2)(a) of the Supreme Court Of
Judicature Act. The wording of s 34 is similar but different from s 22(1). The
former reads: "Where the amount or value of the subject-matter _at the trial_
is $250,000 or such other amount as may be specified by an order made under
subsection (3);" (my emphasis). The question in that case was whether a
decision of the High Court on an appeal from the District Court can be
considered "a trial". The Court of Appeal in the subsequent case, _Tan Chiang
Brother's Marble (S) Pte Ltd v Permasteelisa Pacific Holdings Ltd_ explained
the import of _Spandeck_. _Tan Chiang Brother's Marble_ was also concerned
with the interpretation of s 34(2)(a). The Court of Appeal ruled that the
statutory limit must be read as a reference to the amount at trial. Although
the two sections in the same Act differs in that s 21(1) refers to the amount
in dispute while s 34(2)(a) refers to the amount at trial, it seems to me that
there is no justification in applying a diametrically opposite principle on
account of such difference. It must not be forgotten that the words "amount in
dispute" in s 21(1) qualify the preceding words, "in any civil cause or
matter". So, insofar as one examines the purposive approach taken by the Court
of Appeal, it only reveals that the court in the two cases just mentioned did
not regard the amount adjudicated by the trial judge to be the pivotal sum for
the purposes of determining whether leave to appeal is required. Chao JA cited
the Malaysian Federal Court case of _Yai Yen Hon v Teng Ah Kok & Sim Huat_
[1997] 1 MLJ 136 with implicit approval. There the Federal court held that the
right to appeal depended on the value of the claim and not the value of the
award given by the trial judge. Chao JA went on to address the very point that
counsel before me feared, namely that a plaintiff would exaggerate his claim
to get himself over the threshold. Chao JA referred to the English case of
_Dreesman v Harris_ (1854) 9 Exch 485 in which the very same argument (that a
plaintiff may exaggerate his claim) was rejected, and then continued with the
reminder that "a party who unreasonably inflates his claim may be penalised
when the question of costs arises for consideration. This would undoubtedly
act as a deterrence." _Ibid_ at [23], [24].

10\. For reasons above I declare that the plaintiff does not require leave to
appeal and that his Notice of Appeal filed on 10 September 2002 be proceeded
with. In the circumstances, no further order is required but I should address
the plaintiff's alternative arguments although they have, in effect, have been
rendered otiose in view of my decision in his favour in respect of the
preliminary point. The plaintiff's intended appeal is against both defendants.
The trial judge had dismissed the claim against the first defendant entirely
and held that the second defendant was only 60% to blame. This is an
industrial accident claim in which Mr Srinivasan has persuaded me that there
are questions of mixed fact and law of some importance arising from the
decision below including the question whether the first defendant would have
been liable for breach of statutory duty under the Factories Act, that merit
argument. It would not be right for me to give any hint, let alone express an
opinion, as to the merits of the appeal, and I therefore decline to do so. I
need only say that there is room for argument both ways, and as such, had
leave been required of the plaintiff, I would have granted it.

11\. The second application was the application of the second defendant whose
case was that the accident was caused entirely by the fault of the plaintiff
with no contribution whatsoever on the part of the defendants. I am of the
view that although it does not follow that where leave is granted or proceeded
as a matter of right by one party, leave ought to be granted as a matter of
course. In this case, however, there is a sufficiently strong nexus between
the two intended appeals that a tug on one side pulls the other and vice
versa. In such circumstances, fairness requires that leave be granted to the
second defendant to appeal so that the full picture can be examined from both
angles. I therefore granted leave to the second defendant to appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Feb 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

