Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Excel Golf Pte Ltd v Allied Domecq Spirits & Wine (Singapore) Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 255

Case Number | : | Suit 286/2003, RA 178/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  S Rajendran J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S H Almenoar and Raji Ramason (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the appellants; Ang Cheng Hock (Allen & Gledhill) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Excel Golf Pte Ltd — Allied Domecq Spirits & Wine (Singapore) Ltd   
  
Contract – Remedies – Apology – Whether party in breach of contract can be
ordered to make public apology – Whether remedy sought available under the law
– Whether court has power under para 14 of the First Schedule, Supreme Court
of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) to order remedy of public apology  
  

1 The appellants/plaintiffs, Excel Golf Pte Ltd (“Excel”) were a Singapore
incorporated company and were the organisers of the Annual European Seniors
PGA Tour (“EST”), a golfing event comprising three professional golf
tournaments to be held in the years 2002, 2003 and 2004 under an agreement
with PGA European Tours. The first of these events was in Singapore.

2 The respondents/defendants, Allied Domecq Spirits & Wine (Singapore) Ltd
(“Domecq Singapore”) were in the wine business in the Asia Pacific region and
were the agents of Allied Domecq plc (“Domecq UK”), a public listed company in
the United Kingdom. Domecq UK were, inter alia, distributors of the Scotch
Whisky known as “Ballantines”.

3 Excel claimed that it had entered into an agreement – partly oral, partly in
writing and partly by conduct – with Domecq Singapore whereby for a period of
3 years Excel would organise, manage and stage golf tournaments involving
golfers of the EST to be called “Ballantines Legends of Golf” in return for
certain financial contributions to be made by Domecq Singapore.

4 It was Excel’s case that after the agreement had been entered into and after
Excel had publicly committed itself to the organising of the said tournament,
Domecq Singapore reneged on the agreement causing financial loss to Excel as
well as serious harm to the credibility and reputation of Excel and its
principal officers.

5 In the proceedings that Excel brought against Domecq Singapore for the
alleged breach of contract, Excel sought, inter alia, damages for the harm to
their credibility and reputation and amongst the remedies that Excel sought
(vide prayer 10 of the Statement of Claim) was an order that Domecq Singapore
publish the explanation and apology set out in para 25 of the Statement of
Claim. Para 25 of the Statement of Claim read as follows:

The Plaintiffs further say that in all the circumstances an explanation and an
apology (in terms to be approved by this Honourable Court) by way of a full
page publication in the Straits Times (Singapore) newspaper, and half page
publication in the International Herald Tribune, the Economist, Times
Magazine, Newsweek, the New Straits Times (Malaysia), the South China Morning
Post (Hong Kong), the Telegraph and Sun (United Kingdom), USA Today (USA), the
Australian (Australia), the Asian Wall Street Journal, Sunday News (New
Zealand) and the Sunday Times (South Africa) and other leading world
publications in the world would go some way to help reduce the damage caused
by the Defendants wrongdoings upon the Plaintiffs as aforementioned.

Domecq Singapore took out an application, which was heard by an Asst
Registrar, that para 25 and prayer 10 of the Statement of Claim be struck out
on the grounds that they disclosed no reasonable cause of action. The Asst
Registrar granted this application. Excel, dissatisfied with that decision,
filed Notice of Appeal.

6 At the hearing of the appeal Mr S H Almenoar argued on behalf of Excel that
the conduct of Domecq Singapore had gravely harmed the reputation of Excel
world-wide and that the best way to ameliorate that harm was to get Domecq
Singapore to publish the apology sought. Listening to the submissions of Mr
Almenoar and accepting – for the purposes of this appeal – that there had in
fact been a breach of contract by Domecq Singapore of the nature alleged by
Excel, I could appreciate why Excel was demanding that Domecq Singapore make a
public apology. However, empathy with a party’s predicament is not, by itself,
a sufficient basis to rule in that party’s favour. The remedy sought by the
party must be a remedy available under the law. The issue I had to consider in
this appeal was: Does the law enable the court – in an action for breach of
contract – to require the party in breach of the contract to make a public
apology for the breach?

7 Courts do not have this power even in actions for defamation. As stated in
_Gatley on Libel and Slander_ (9th Ed), para 9.1:

There is no general power for the court to order the defendant to publish a
correction or apology …

All that a court can do, in a defamation action where the defamation has been
established, is to take the lack of an apology into account in assessing the
damages payable. Mr Ang Cheng Hock, who appeared for Domecq Singapore,
submitted that, a fortiori, the court cannot order a defendant in a breach of
contract case to publish an apology.

8 Mr Almenoar was not able to cite to me any direct authority in support of
his proposition that a court, in such cases, has the power to order that an
apology be published. He relied mainly on the powers of the court as set out
in the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, para 14, of
which provides under the heading “Reliefs and remedies”:

Power to grant all reliefs and remedies at law and in equity, including
damages in addition to, or in substitution for, an injunction or specific
performance.

From the fact that para 14 gave the court power “to grant all reliefs and
remedies …” and did not specifically bar the court from ordering that an
apology be published, Mr Almenoar argued that the court had powers to order
Domecq Singapore to publish the apology sought.

9 I was not able to accept Mr Almenoar’s argument. The power that the court
had under para 14 was the power to grant all reliefs and remedies at law and
in equity. It would therefore have to be established that the court in law or
in equity had the power, in a breach of contract case, to order an apology. Mr
Almenoar was not able to cite any authority to support that proposition.

10 In the circumstances, I was of the view that the Asst Registrar was correct
in striking out para 25 and prayer 10 of the Statement of Claim and,
accordingly, I dismissed this appeal with costs.

Appeal dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

