Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Rahmat Bin Abdullah and Another  
[2003] SGHC 206

Case Number | : | CC 34/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Benjamin Yim and Lee Cheow Han [Attorney-General&Acirc;’s Chambers] for the Public Prosecutor   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Rahmat Bin Abdullah; Kalaiselvan A/L Nallathamby   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Appropriate
sentence of imprisonment – Range of the prescribed length of imprisonment to
be taken into account.  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mitigation – Accused pleading guilty –
Lack of previous convictions – Relevance to sentencing – Correct mitigatory
weight to ascribe to such factors.  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Charge of
trafficking – Quantity stated in charge less than that which accused was
caught with – Whether relevant factor in sentencing – Whether quantity to be
taken into account for sentencing should be that stated in the charge.  
  

1 The first accused was 59 years old and was a taxi driver by occupation. He
was originally charged with conspiracy (with the second accused) to traffic
1063g of cannabis. That was a capital charge. He also faced seven other
various charges of trafficking in smaller quantities of cannabis and cannabis
mixture, as well as a charge for consumption of cannabis. The second accused
was originally charged with trafficking the said 1063g of cannabis. He also
faced five other charges relating to drug offences, including one for
consumption of cannabis. The prosecution reduced the capital charges against
both accused. Each of the two accused pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of
trafficking 499.9g of cannabis, and a charge of consumption of cannabis. Both
accused agreed to have all the other charges taken into account for the
purposes of sentencing. They admitted the statement of facts without
qualification. Accordingly, I convicted both of them as charged. The
trafficking charges were for an offence under s 5(1)(a) read with s 5(2) and s
12 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Ch 33. The consumption charges were for an
offence under s 8(b)(i) of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

2 The facts were uncomplicated. The two accused had known each other since
2002. The second accused was a 45 year old Malaysian who was unemployed. He
lived in Singapore at Blk 729 Woodlands Circle. He received a telephone call
from the first accused at 9.50am on 25 January 2003. He was asked to help the
first accused retrieve a plastic bag containing cannabis. As instructed, the
second accused collected a bag hidden in a rubbish bin at Blk 728 Woodlands
circle and brought it back to his flat and there unpacked the drugs. Later
that afternoon, the second accused met the first accused and the two were seen
driving off in the first accused’s taxi. The taxi was intercepted by officers
of the Central Narcotics Bureau at 3.20pm at Woodlands Drive 61. The second
accused’s flat was subsequently searched and the drugs which were the subject
matter of the trafficking charge were found in a cupboard in his flat. The
urine sample of both accused were taken at the Central Narcotics Bureau on the
same day. The samples were tested positive for controlled drugs by the Health
Sciences Authority. I sentenced both accused to 22 years imprisonment and in
addition, the second accused was sentenced to 15 strokes of the cane in
respect of the trafficking charge; and one year’s imprisonment for each of
them in respect of the consumption charge. The terms of imprisonment are to
run concurrently with effect from 27 January 2003 when they were first
remanded.

3 The prescribed punishment for the trafficking charge is 20 to 30 years
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane, or life imprisonment and 15 strokes
of the cane. The prescribed punishment for the consumption is imprisonment up
to 10 years or a fine up to $2,000 or both. There was little by way of
mitigation for both accused persons save that these charges were their first
offences concerning prohibited drugs. The first accused is 59 years old and
had been hospitalised when he suffered a stroke about four or five years ago.
The second accused is 45 years old. His counsel submitted a medical
certificate reporting that he had surgery for an inguinal hernia.

4 The learned DPP submitted that pleading guilty merits no discount in
sentence if the public is to be protected. He then referred to Parliament
increasing the range of punishment to include life imprisonment as an
indication that the trafficking offence is one such offence where a plea of
guilt does not count in sentencing. The DPP also submitted that the absence of
previous convictions was of minimal value for mitigation purposes. Finally,
the DPP submitted that the drugs recovered were twice the threshold for a
capital case.

5 There is one factor which I think must not be overlooked in the sentencing
of a criminal, and that is the range of prescribed punishment. A range from 2
years to 3 years is materially different from a range of 20 to 30 years
imprisonment. Increasing a 20 year sentence by 1% is only 2 years, but that is
double the span of an original 2-year sentence. Furthermore, 50 year old
criminal who is imprisoned for 3 years will be 53 when he is released (if
there is no remission of sentence) but if the same person is imprisoned for 30
years he will be 80 years old when released. The rigours of imprisonment are
felt not only during incarceration but also upon release. Readjustment to
society requires a greater effort after a 30-year sentence than a 3-year one.
This observation is not a declaration that, as a rule, no one ought to be
imprisoned to the age of 80 or thereabouts. Neither am I saying that a long
custodial sentence is always more appropriate in the case of young persons,
say in their 20’s or 30’s. The point is that the range of prescribed length is
a factor that must be taken into consideration in each case together with all
other factors so that it can rightly be said that the sentence is a fair one
in _each_ instant case.

6 Some judges appear to be harsher in respect of some offences; some in
respect of all offences; some judges appear to be more lenient in respect of
some offences; and some in respect of all offences. The lower and higher end
of the range of prescribed punishment mark the limits of harshness and
leniency. The fair and appropriate sentence will vary from case to case and
the indicia of an inappropriate sentence – whether it is manifestly excessive
or manifestly inadequate – is measured by taking all the relevant factors of
the individual case into account.

7 The range for the appropriate sentence in unexceptional cases will likely to
be fairly wide, and individual sentences can be diverse, including offences
such as the present where the range is between 20 to 30 years, or life
imprisonment. Divergent sentences are the consequence of the application of
judicial discretion to the individuality of the cases. It is not necessary to
attempt any comprehensive list as to what is or is not a factor to be
considered. Some factors are inherently weak as some are inherently strong.
Some others still are weak in comparison. For example, a thief who steals a
watch merely because he is too lazy to work attracts much less sympathy than
one who steals bread because he had no job and had not eaten for days. Thus,
in the latter circumstances judicial sympathy can more readily be expressed in
the leniency of sentence.

8 While I agree with the DPP that the fact that the accused persons had
pleaded guilty is not an important factor in itself; nor do I disagree with
the fact that having no previous convictions is of lesser importance when the
offences in question are serious offences. However, these factors should not
be totally ignored because if they are acceptable factors, then they must have
a place in the overall picture. The sentence that is meted out must ultimately
be based on the perception of that overall picture. Some features may stand
out in sharp focus (whether towards enhancement or mitigation of sentence) and
others may lay in the obscure background. It is apt and appropriate to give
greater weight to the distinct features and little or no weight to the
background.

9 I ought also to address the DPP’s submission that it is relevant to note
that the prosecution proceeded only on 499.9g of drugs when the weight of the
drugs seized was in fact 1063g. I am of the view that it would be relevant to
take into account the quantity and weight of the drugs seized, but one must
not exceed the relevancy of this factor, and regard the DPP’s decision to
amend the charge to a non-capital one as justifying a higher sentence in
itself. It must be borne in mind that the charge in respect of which the
accused persons were convicted stipulated the weight to be 499.9g and it is
that weight that merits attention. The accused may had admitted a larger
quantity in the statement of facts but they are not charged for that quantity.
It is speculative to draw any conclusion as to why the charges were reduced
and why the accused agreed to admit the larger quantity in the statement.

10 Finally, in the present case, I decided on the same length of imprisonment
for both accused because the circumstances do not merit any variance. In my
view, if any distinction is at all required to distinguish the sentences of
the two accused, it would not be very significant on the facts of this case.
Although the first accused was the initiator I cannot say, on the basis of the
sparse facts, that the second accused was a mindless minion of a great
mastermind. Their roles were about the same. I also took into account the fact
that the first accused would by reason of his age, be spared caning. However,
given his age and the sentence of 22 years imprisonment, no adjustment was, in
my opinion, necessary.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

