Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sincere Watch Limited v Bakery Mart Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 50

Case Number | : | Suit 1057/2002, RA 291 & 300/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 March 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Philip Ling (Wong Tan & Molly Lim) for the Plaintiff; Peter Gabriel and Ismail Atan (Gabriel Peter & Partners) for the Defendant   
Parties | : |  Sincere Watch Limited — Bakery Mart Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Civil Procedure-Conditional leave to defend-Whether ought to
have been given.  
  

1 Both parties in this action appealed against an assistant registrar’s
decision giving the defendant conditional leave to defend the plaintiff’s
claim.

2 The plaintiff and the defendant are Singapore companies. The companies
agreed to engage in business together by acquiring all the shares in a company
known as Culina Pte Ltd in equal proportions.

3 The defendant did not have sufficient funds to purchase its part of the
shares, and obtained funds from the plaintiff for that purpose. The parties
entered into an option deed dated 26 November 1999 whereby the plaintiff was
given an option to subscribe for 300,000 shares of the defendant at the price
of $500,000. The option was valid for a period of two years. The deed provided
that upon the subscription of the shares the plaintiff shall make a loan of
$100,000 to the defendant. After acquiring the option the plaintiff did not
subscribe for the shares, and allowed it to lapse.

4 The two companies also entered into discussions on a corporate restructuring
exercise which involved the setting up of a holding company. These were
serious discussions and solicitors were involved in putting up the agreement.
There was on draft in which the plaintiff was to have a 70% interest in the
holding company, and the defendant the other 30%, but no restructuring
agreement was executed, and the holding company was not set up.

5 The relationship between the parties broke down over a proposal to sell the
holding company to a public listed company. The defendant did not agree with
the proposed sale because its interests in the holding company was changed to
15% from the 30% it wanted.

6 The plaintiff commenced this action against the defendant and applied for
summary judgment for the sum of $1,930,000 made up as follows:

(i) $500,000 pre-payment made under the option deed;

(ii) $100,000 loan made under the option deed;

(iii) $450,000 loan made on 30 November 1999;

(iv) $80,000 advance made on 8 March 2000; and

(v) $800,000 advance made on 12 December 2000.

7 The defendant acknowledged payments (i), (ii) and (iii). It asserted that
payment (iv) was made to Culina and payment (v) was the plaintiff’s investment
in premises known as 24 Senoko Way purchased for the use of the operations of
the restructured companies.

8 It resisted the plaintiff’s claim on the ground that all the payments had
been taken into account as investments in the restructuring exercise which
would lead to the 70:30 division of shares in the holding company, and were
not repayable to the plaintiffs.[1]

9 There were records of the payments made. The pre-payment of $500,000 and
loan of $100,000 were expressly stated to be repayable on demand if the
purchase under the option deed did not take place, and this was confirmed by
the defendant when the money was received.[2] The payment of $80,000 was paid
to and acknowledged by the defendant[3] and the $800,000 payment as advance
requested by the defendant for the purchase of the premises which was being
made in its own name.[4]

10 The nub of the defence is that all the payments do not have to be repaid
because they were taken into account in the 70:30 division of the shares in
the holding company. This position is taken although the defendant accepts
that the terms of the restructuring agreement have not been finalised and no
restructuring agreement has been executed.[5] The plaintiff’s position was
that draft agreements were put up, there was no concluded agreement.

11 The parties’ conduct indicated that they contemplated a formal written
restructuring agreement would be entered into. It is common ground that the
terms of the agreement were not been finalised and no holding company was
incorporated.

12 The defendant nevertheless maintains that there is a binding restructuring
agreement, and the payments are absorbed in the restructuring exercise.

13 The assistant registrar who heard the plaintiff’s application for summary
judgment gave the defendant leave to defend on the condition that it furnished
security by a banker’s guarantee for $1,930,000.

14 Neither party convinced me that the order should be set aside or varied.
This is not a case where judgment should be entered for the plaintiff without
a trial. On the other hand the defendant which is relying on restructuring
discussions which stopped short of agreed terms and an executed agreement
should not have unconditional leave to defend.

15 The assistant registrar was right to give the defendant conditional leave
to defend. I therefore dismissed both appeals. While the plaintiff accepts my
decision, the defendant has filed a further appeal to the Court of Appeal.

  

* * *

[1] Defendants’ Skeletal Written Submissions, paras 4, 5, 7, 9 and 10

[2] Affidavit of Soh Gim Teik of 13 September 2002, exh “SGT-2”

[3] Same affidavit, exh “SGT-5”

[4] Same affidavit, exh “SGT-6”

[5] Affidavit of Ng Yew Hong of 4 October 2002 para 28(b) and (j)

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Mar 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

