Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chaly Chee Kheong Mah and Others v The Liquidators of Baring Futures
(Singapore) Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGCA 28

Case Number | : | CA 145/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 July 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Haridass Ajaib, Randhir Ram Chandra, Serena Yogalingam (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the Appellants; V K Rajah, Lee Eng Beng (Rajah & Tann) for the Respondents   
Parties | : |  Chaly Chee Kheong Mah — The Liquidators of Baring Futures (Singapore) Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Incorporation of terms – Whether relevant term
in articles of association incorporated into contract between company and
accounting firm appointing the latter as its auditors  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Interpretation of terms – Scope of indemnity –
Whether indemnity extends to costs incurred in defending actions  
  
Insolvency Law – Winding up – Priority – Whether indemnity costs awarded
against liquidators of company entitled to priority against other claims in
winding up  
  

**_ Delivered by Chao Hick Tin JA _ **

1 The appellants are partners in an accounting firm known as Deloitte & Touche
(D&T). D&T was appointed by Baring Futures (Singapore) Pte Ltd (BFS) as its
auditors in 1986. In 1994, D&T ceased to be the auditors of BFS and Coopers &
Lybrand, Singapore [C&L(S)] was appointed in its place. The parent company of
BFS is Baring plc of London (PLC). Both BFS and PLC are now under liquidation.
The respondents to the present appeal are the liquidators of BFS. The issues
in this appeal concerned in the main the terms of appointment of D&T as
auditors of BFS.

**Background**

2 The facts giving rise to the present proceedings are as follows. Due to the
fraudulent activities of a rogue trader in BFS, massive losses were incurred,
which in 1995 led to the collapse of the entire Barings group.

3 The liquidators of BFS, PLC and their related company, Bishopscourt Ltd (BL)
(‘the three companies’), instituted proceedings in London to recover damages
from D&T and C&L(S) and C&L(London) for negligence in the discharge of their
duties as auditors of BFS. A settlement was eventually reached with C&L(S) and
C&L (London) under which part of the moneys received, amounting to some £24
million, would be set aside to enable the three companies to continue their
proceedings against D&T.

4 The action in London instituted by BFS against D&T (the BFS action) is
nearing completion. However, the PLC action against D&T was struck out by the
English High Court and an appeal has been lodged against that order although
the appeal process is currently being stayed.

5 In the meantime, pursuant to a complaint received, the Singapore Public
Accountancy Board (PAB) initiated an inquiry against a partner of D&T, Mr
Chaly Chee Kheong Mah, who was responsible for the audit of BFS. But
eventually the PAB ruled on 16 November 2001 that Mr Mah had not been guilty
of any professional misconduct.

6 The sufficiency or otherwise of the £24 million fund set aside would depend
on whether, if D&T were to succeed in defending the BFS action, they would be
entitled to costs on the indemnity or the standard basis. Because of this, D&T
brought two motions seeking certain reliefs which, in essence, raised the
following three main issues for the consideration of the court:-

(i) whether Article 110 of the Articles of Association of BFS was incorporated
into the contract between BFS and D&T when the latter was appointed auditors.

(ii) If Article 110 formed a term of the contract, did the indemnity provided
therein extend to costs incurred by D&T in defending the BFS action?

(iii) whether any indemnity costs which might be awarded to D&T in the BFS
action would be entitled to any priority against other claims in the winding
up of BFS.

7 Lai Kew Chai J gave a negative answer to all the three issues enumerated
above and refused the reliefs prayed for in both motions.

**Incorporation issue**

8 To better appreciate the issue as to whether Article 110 had been
incorporated into the terms of appointment of D&T as auditors, it is necessary
for us to set out the circumstances under which the appointment was made.

9 The appointment originated from a letter of 6 October 1986 from the
solicitors of BFS to D&T, the material part of which reads:-

“The Company wishes to appoint your firm as its auditors and this is a formal
request to seek your consent.

The Company was incorporated on 17th September 1986 with an authorised capital
of …(illegible in part)… shares of S$1/- each were issued and fully paid up.

We enclose a copy each of the following documents for your information:-

1\. Certificate of Incorporation (FORM 9)

2\. Memorandum and Articles of Association

3\. FORM 49 showing the particulars of the

directors.

We look forward to your early reply.”

10 On 15 October 1986 the Board of Directors of BFS passed a resolution to
appoint D&T, subject to its consent, as auditors and the appointment was to
last until the first Annual General Meeting of BFS at a remuneration to be
thereafter determined.

11 On the same day, D&T wrote to the Board of BFS accepting the offer in these
terms:-

“We are pleased to confirm our consent to act as auditors for your company
pursuant to s 10 subsection 7 of the Companies Act, Cap 185.

Until advised to the contrary, please accept this letter as our consent to act
in future years.”

12 Also on the same day, D&T wrote a second letter to the Board of BFS which
began with these words:-

“Following our appointment as auditors of the company we are writing to
confirm our responsibilities as auditors, and also our understanding of the
other services that we should perform.”

13 In the letter, under the subheading “Audit”, D&T set out how it would go
about its audit functions. Next under the subheadings, “Accounting and other
Services” and “Taxation Services”, it described the services which it could
provide. Finally, under the subheading “Fees”, D&T stated:-

“Our fees are computed on the basis of the time necessarily occupied on your
affairs by partners and staff of different seniority depending on the degree
of responsibility, scope and skill involved.

Our fees and the related out-of-pocket expenses will be charged separately for
each of the main classes of work mentioned above. We shall bill our fees and
out-of-pocket expenses on a periodic basis during the engagement and we shall
agree the frequency and amount of such billing with you and you agree to
observe our payment terms.”

14 The letter ended with the following paragraph:-

“We shall be grateful if you will kindly sign and return to us the duplicate
of this letter as acknowledgement of your understanding of the terms of our
engagement which will continue to apply until varied by a subsequent letter.
However, if there are any aspects of our letter which are not in accordance
with your requirements, we shall be pleased to discuss them with you.”

15 In coming to its decision that Article 110 had not been incorporated into
the contract of appointment of D&T, the High Court had taken into account the
following:-

(i) In general, articles of association only bind the company and its members
_inter se_ and not third parties, including auditors.

(ii) A copy of the Articles of Association of BFS was only forwarded to D&T
for information.

(iii) In the second letter of D&T to BFS of 15 October 1986, it was stated
that the letter set out the “terms of our engagement”. This was unlike the
case where there was no separate document setting out the terms of
appointment.

16 The High Court had also relied very much on the following passage of
Warrington LJ in _In re City Equitable Fire Insurance Company_ [1925] CH 407
at 521:-

“ (where) auditors are engaged without any special terms of engagement … then
if the articles contain provisions relating to the performance by them of
their duties and to the obligations imposed upon them by the acceptance of the
office, I think it is quite plain that the articles must be taken to express
the terms upon which the auditors accept their position. Of course, if the
terms of their employment are expressed in a separate document, then that
document must be taken to define the conditions of their engagement, and it
would not be proper to assume any implied terms either from the provisions of
the articles or elsewhere.”

17 The case of _City Equitable Fire Insurance_ arose out of the collapse of a
notable reinsurance company brought about by the fraud of its Chairman, who
was convicted and sentenced for his wrongdoings. The liquidator later brought
actions against the directors and the auditors for their default or
negligence. He failed before the High Court and appealed only against that
part of the decision which held that the auditors were not liable because of
the protection afforded to them under Article 150 of the articles of
association unless they were guilty of “wilful neglect or default”. The bulk
of the discussions in the case addressed the issue of what would constitute
“wilful neglect or default”. The other two members of the quorum did not
address the issue as to how Article 150 had become incorporated into the
contract with the auditors. They assumed so.

18 In our opinion, we do not think Warrington LJ was in any sense laying down
any strict principle of law in that pronouncement. He was merely offering a
commonsensical approach that where there were no written terms of appointment,
then it was sensible to assume that the parties intended to contract on the
terms of the articles. In every such case it will always be a question of
construction. By saying that “if the terms of their employment are expressed
in a separate document” we do not think Warrington LJ intended to suggest that
so long as a document record only some terms of the contract that would
necessarily preclude the relevant terms in the articles from being applicable
to the auditors.

19 Another pertinent case is _Isaacs’ Case_ [1892] 2 CH 158 where the articles
of association of the concerned company provided that the qualification of a
director would be the holding of shares of the nominal amount of £1000, and
that a first director might act before acquiring his qualification but should
in any case acquire it within one month from his appointment, and, unless he
should do so, he would “be deemed to have agreed to take the said shares from
the company, and the same should be forthwith alloted to him accordingly.”
One, H.I., who signed the memorandum and articles of association and was
alloted one share, was also appointed one of the first directors. H.I. never
applied for nor were any qualification shares alloted to him. The question
that came up for a decision was whether H.I. should be placed in the list of
contributories in respect of the qualification shares which he should have
applied for and been alloted. Stirling J said (at 164):-

“I think, then, that where a man has accepted the office of director, and
acted as such, there ought to be inferred an agreement between him and the
company, on his part that he will serve the company on the terms as to
qualification and otherwise contained in the articles of association, and on
the part of the company that he shall receive the remuneration, and all the
benefits which those articles provide for directors. To use the language of
the present Master of the Rolls in _Swabey v Port Darwin Gold Mining Company_
, “the articles do not themselves form a contract, but from them you get the
terms upon which the directors are serving.”

Stirling J then went on to add that the article in question was very clear and
that H.I. was required to take up the qualification shares.

20 In _John & Ors v Price Waterhouse (a firm) and Anor_ [2002] 1 WLR 953, the
first defendant, Price Waterhouse (PW), successfully defended an action
brought by four claimants, the second, third and fourth claimants being
companies, and an order for costs on the standard basis in favour of PW was
made and perfected. At the time of hearing, PW had only asked for standard
costs. Subsequently, PW sought to have the costs order varied to that of an
indemnity basis on the ground, inter alia, that under the articles of
association of those companies, PW was entitled to indemnity costs. Ferris J
did not think he should at that stage vary the order as it was not absolutely
clear that there would be no defence to the contractual claim for indemnity
costs as there were factual issues to be gone into to determine whether the
articles of the companies were incorporated into the contract between PW and
the companies. What is germane are the following views expressed by Ferris J
on the question of incorporation (at 960):-

“The articles of a company constitute a contract between the members of the
company inter se and between each of them and the company but they do not,
without more, constitute a contract between the company and its directors or
auditors. Nevertheless the terms of regulations 136 and 118 appear clearly to
contemplate that directors and auditors (amongst others) will have a right,
which could only be a contractual right, to be indemnified as there mentioned.
It seems to me that comparatively little will be required to satisfy the court
that, in particular cases, the indemnity provided for by regulations 136 and
118 is incorporated in the contract which is made when the company appoints a
director or an auditor.”

21 Ferris J was of the view that, in the circumstances, a fresh action by PW
would be the proper course. In taking this approach he had regard to the
decision in _Gomba Holdings (UK) Ltd v Minorities Finance Ltd (No. 2)_ [1993]
CH 171, where the Court of Appeal held that the fact that some orders were
made for the mortgagor to pay some of the mortgagee’s costs taxed on the
standard basis did not preclude the mortgagee from claiming costs on the
indemnity basis pursuant to contractual rights.

22 The High Court in the instant case quite rightly observed (at ¶8) that the
second letter of 15 October 1986 was “post-contractual”. Therefore, at the
time the appointment was accepted by D&T, there were simply no written terms
of appointment, other than what were set out in the Articles of Association, a
copy of which was forwarded to D&T. Although the Articles of Association were
forwarded “for information”, in the context, they were for information of D&T
to the extent relevant to the appointment. For example, the particulars of
directors were furnished to D&T for information. One may ask what those
particulars had to do with the appointment. We think plentiful. The auditors
might not want to deal with some directors because of questionable background
or for some other reasons. The circumstances here are no different from those
in _City Equitable Fire Insurance,_ or in _In re New British Iron Company ex
parte Beckwith_ [1898] 1 CH 324 where, in the words of Wright J, the directors
accepted their appointment “on the footing of the articles”. As noted by
Ferris J in _John v Price Waterhouse_ , relatively little would be required to
incorporate the articles by implication.

23 As far as the second letter is concerned, in our view, it was really a
proposal to add terms to a contract already made. But there was nothing
therein which was inconsistent with what was provided in Article 110 so as to
render the latter inapplicable. The terms set out in the second letter could
not be considered to be exhaustive bearing in mind the opening words “we are
writing to confirm our responsibilities as auditors and also our understanding
of the other services that we should perform.” It merely stated the ambit of
D&T’s responsibilities. We note that, in the last paragraph of the letter, BFS
was asked to acknowledge the “terms of our engagement”. That was to get BFS’
agreement to those terms. But obviously many essential terms would still have
to be filled in or implied. Thus, we would respectfully differ from the court
below and hold that Article 110 did form part of the contract of appointment
of D&T.

24 In this regard we would hasten to add a qualification. In this instance,
the additional terms proposed by D&T were set out in a subsequent letter. But
even if the additional terms were set out in the letter of acceptance itself,
it did not necessarily follow that it would preclude the incorporation of the
relevant Articles of Association as terms of appointment. Ultimately, it would
be a matter of construction. It is true that articles of association
constitute a contract between a company and its members and they do not bind
third parties: see _Hickman v Kent Or Romney Marsh Sheep-Breeders’
Association_ [1915] 1 CH 881. But the articles do provide for appointment and
duties of, _inter alia_ , directors and auditors. Thus, whether a particular
appointment of such a third party incorporates the provisions in the articles
relating to that appointment is to be inferred from all the circumstances. As
we have stated before, we do not think Warrington LJ intended to lay down any
rigid rule to the effect that so long as some terms are set out in a document
that would _per se_ mean that other relevant provisions in the articles of
association could not be incorporated. In each case, the document or documents
would have to be looked at as a whole to determine the real intention of the
parties.

**Scope of Article 110**

25 We now turn to consider the second issue concerning the scope of Article
110 which reads:-

“Every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be
indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities
(including any such liability as is mentioned in the Act), which he may
sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or
otherwise in relation thereto, and no such Director or other officer shall be
liable for any loss, damage or misfortune which may happen to be incurred by
the Company in the execution of the duties of his office or in relation
thereto. But this Article shall only have effect in so far as its provisions
are not avoided by the Act.”

26 In coming to his conclusion that Article 110 did not cover the indemnity
costs incurred by D&T in defending an action brought by DFS for negligence,
the court below relied very much upon two cases: _David John Rowland & Ors v
Gulfpac Limited_ [1999] Lloyd’s Rep 86 and _Tomlinson v Adamson_ (1935) SC 1.

27 It would be noted that the crucial words in Article 110 are “losses or
liabilities (including any such liability as is mentioned in the Act) which he
may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his office or
otherwise in relation thereto.” In defending the DFS action, D&T was not doing
anything in execution of its duties as auditors or “in relation to” those
duties. It was defending an action brought well after it ceased to be auditors
which alleged that while D&T was DFS’ auditors it did not perform its duties
as it should. The costs were not incurred in execution of its duties as
auditors or in relation thereto.

28 In this connection, it is pertinent to compare Article 110 with Article 113
in Table A of the Companies Act where the relevant part reads:

“Every director … auditor … shall be indemnified out of the assets of the
company against any liability incurred by him in defending any proceedings,
whether civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his favour …”

29 The fact that the promoters of BFS decided to adopt a different set of
wording from that spelt out in Article 113 of Table A is significant. In our
opinion, the change clearly indicated that the promoters had something
different in mind. There is no reference to “proceedings”. We think D&T’s
argument is speculative when it says that in adopting the formula in Article
110, the promoters had something wider in mind.

30 This view of Article 110 is entirely consistent with the authorities. In
_Rowland & Ors v Gulfpac Ltd_ (supra) the plaintiffs were directors of both
Gulfpac UK and its parent company, Gulf USA. Gulf USA brought an action in
Idaho, USA claiming that during the plaintiffs’ stewardship of Gulf USA, they
had fraudulently depleted the group’s assets. In an action in England, the
directors claimed an indemnity against Gulfpac UK under a provision in its
articles of association in respect of the Idaho proceedings. Among the reliefs
claimed in the English proceedings was an order for a Mareva injunction, which
was initially granted on an _ex parte_ basis. On an application by Gulfpac UK
heard inter-partes, Rix J held that there was no good arguable case capable of
sustaining a Mareva injunction that the claim for indemnity sought in respect
of the Idaho proceedings fell within the indemnity contained in Gulfpac UK’s
articles of association, although he declined to strike out the action.

31 In _Gulfpac_ case, the relevant indemnity article read as follows:-

“Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 1985 every director … shall be
entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company against all costs,
charges, expenses, _losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or
about the execution of his duties to the Company or otherwise in relation
thereto_.” (Emphasis added).

32 It would be seen that the italicised portion of the above clause is very
similar to Article 110 of our present case. Rix J held that since the Idaho
proceedings were brought by Gulf USA against the plaintiffs as directors of
Gulf USA and not of Gulfpac UK, whatever costs incurred in defending the Idaho
proceedings could not be said to have been “incurred in or about the execution
of their duties to Gulfpac UK or otherwise in relation thereto.” What,
however, are of relevance to us are the views, no doubt _obiter_ , expressed
by Rix J on the general scope of that indemnity clause where he said (at p.
93):-

“But costs incurred as an expense, as occurs in the United States, where it is
common ground there are no adversarial orders for costs, or in England as part
of the directors’ own English proceedings, _are costs incurred in defending or
prosecuting actions and are not, it seems to me, costs incurred or sustained
in or about the execution of a director’s duties to Gulfpac or otherwise in
relation thereto_.

This view is to my mind fortified by two other considerations. The first
arises out of the terms of section 310(3)(b) of the Companies Act 1985.
Section 310(1) and (2) provides that any provision contained in a company’s
articles or in any contract with a company indemnifying an officer of the
company from any liability in respect of any negligence, default, breach of
duty or breach of trust, is to be void. However, section 310(3) then provides
as follows:

This section does not prevent a company …

(a) from indemnifying any such officer or auditor against any liability
incurred by him

(i) in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which judgment
is given in his favour or he is acquitted.

_It seems to me that that subsection emphasises both by its function and by
its language that a liability for costs incurred in the successful defence of
any proceedings is something different from a liability for costs sustained or
incurred in the execution of the directors’ duties to a company or, indeed, in
relation thereto_.

The second matter which seems to me to fortify the conclusion to which I have
arrived concerning “good arguable case” arises from the authority of
_Tomlinson v Adamson_ [1935] SC 1. That authority shows at least that the
costs of successfully defending a prosecution for fraud does not easily come
within a different version of an article 31 type indemnity. Whether or not the
analysis in that authority is close, and granted that the wording of the
provision there is probably narrower than article 31, the case does at least
illustrate the difficulty of providing by general language for the
indemnifying of a successful defendant.” (Emphasis added).

33 The English section 310(1)(2) and (3) corresponds very much with s 172(1)
and (2) of our Companies Act, which reads:-

“172(1) Any provision, whether in the articles or in any contract with a
company or otherwise, for exempting any officer or auditor of the company
from, or indemnifying him against, any liability which by law would otherwise
attach to him in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach
of trust of which he may be guilty in relation to the company, shall be void.

(2) Notwithstanding anything in this section, a company may pursuant to its
articles or otherwise indemnify any officer or auditor against any liability
incurred by him in defending any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in
which judgment is given in his favour or in which he is acquitted or in
connection with any application in relation thereto in which relief is under
this Act granted to him by the Court.”

34 In our opinion, the reasoning of Rix J applies with equal force to our
present case as the material portions of the indemnity clause in Article 110
and s 172(2) of our Companies Act are substantially the same as those under
consideration by Rix J.

35 As far as the case of _Tomlinson v Adamson_ (supra) is concerned, while the
indemnity clause there is somewhat different, and it read,

“Every Director .. of the Company shall be indemnified by the Company against
… all costs, losses, and expenses which any such Director … may incur or
become liable to by reason of any contract entered into, or act or deed done
by him as such Director … in any way, in the discharge of his duties,
including travelling expenses.”

its relevance lies in the reasoning given by Lord Tomlin, in the House of
Lords, where he said:-

“Here the allegation against the agent was that he had done something which he
did not in fact do, and which would have been against his duty to do, are
expenses incurred by him by reason of any act done by him as a director in the
discharge of his duty. Upon the true construction of the article I am unable
to see how that can possibly be maintained. In my view the expenses incurred
by reason of the allegations made against (the director), being allegations of
matters which would have been a breach of his duty and which were held to be
disproved or non-proven, are not expenses incurred by him by reason of any act
done by him as a director in the discharge of his duties.

If the case does not fall, as I think it does not fall, within the language of
article 160 of the articles of association, it is difficult to see upon what
principle it can possibly be brought within the common law rule”.

36 Adopting the approach taken in _Tomlinson v Adamson,_ and the views
expressed in _Rowland v Gulfpac_ , we hold that in defending the action
brought by BFS for negligence, D&T’s costs would not be losses incurred in or
about the execution of its duties as auditors, or in relation thereto, but
were expenses incurred for alleged non-performance of its duties. There is a
clear parallel between the situation in _Tomlinson_ and that in our present
case. In the former the director had to defend himself against charges of
fraud and here the auditors against charges of negligence. The two situations
are analogous.

37 Finally, the point was made that the words in parenthesis in Article 110,
namely, “including any such liability as is mentioned in the Act”,
differentiate Article 110 from the indemnity clause in _Rowland v Gulfpac_.
The argument goes briefly in this way. Section 172(1) prohibits a company in
any article or contract from, _inter alia,_ indemnifying an officer or auditor
for any negligence or default. But s 172(2) qualifies that by providing that
subsection (1) does not prevent a company from indemnifying such officer or
auditor against any liability incurred by him in defending “any proceedings
whether civil or criminal … in which judgment is given in his favour.”
Emphasis is placed on the fact that in the parenthesis the word “mentioned” is
used rather than “created by” or “imposed by”. The costs incurred by D&T in
successfully defending a negligence action would be a liability mentioned in s
172(2) and by virtue of the words in parenthesis, the substance of s 172(2)
would be incorporated by reference. Accordingly a liability of the nature
mentioned in s 172(2) would come within Article 110 and should be indemnified
by BFS.

38 The problem with this argument is that whatever might have been the scope
of the words in parenthesis, they cannot be construed to import into Article
110 the substance of s 172(2). That would amount to reading Article 110 to
mean very much like Article 113 of Table A. This is wholly unwarranted. The
words in parenthesis cannot justifiably be read to include such a wholesale
incorporation. The fact remains that the “liability” referred to by the words
in parenthesis is still subject to the qualifying words that followed, namely,
“which he may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his
office or otherwise in relation thereto.” As noted by the judge below, this is
the hurdle which stands in the way of D&T’s submission.

39 Under this issue, the last point raised in argument by D&T is that Article
110 should be interpreted in accordance with the spirit of it. In this regard,
D&T relied upon principles of common law that an agent is entitled to be
indemnified by his principal and cited the case of _In re Famatina Development
Corporation Limited_ [1914] 2 CH 271. There, a third party unsuccessfully
instituted an action against an agent of the company, who had suffered loss on
account of the costs incurred to defend the action. The agent, who was also a
member of the company, sought indemnity from the company under a provision in
the articles of association and under common law. The High Court ruled that
the agent was not entitled to any indemnity. However, the Court of Appeal
allowed his claim on the common law principle that “an agent had a right
against his principal, founded upon an implied contract, to be indemnified
against all losses and liabilities, and to be reimbursed all expenses incurred
by him in the execution of his authority.”

40 The judge below noted that in _Famatina_ the proceedings against the agent
were brought by a third party. In our opinion, this is a relevant point of
distinction. Otherwise it would mean that whenever a principal takes action
unsuccessfully against an agent for what the latter had allegedly done
negligently, the principal would have to indemnify the latter for the costs
incurred. There cannot be such an implied term. There is no reason why a
contract of agency should be any different from any other contract in so far
as disputes between the parties are concerned.

41 Moreover, _Famatina_ was also distinguished by Lord Tomlin in _Tomlinson v
Adamson_ on the basis that in _Famatina_ the expenses arose directly out of
that which it was the duty of the agent to do and which he had in fact done.
In _Tomlinson_ the allegation against the agent was that he had done something
which he did not, in fact, do and which it would have been against his duty to
have done (similar to our case).

42 In the light of our views above, the costs incurred by D&T in successfully
defending the PLC’s action, as well as those incurred by Mah (or D&T) in the
disciplinary proceedings, would similarly not fall within the scope of Article
110.

**Question of priority**

**(i) Estate Costs Rule**

43 We now turn to the third issue of priority. As far as standard costs are
concerned, the parties are in agreement that such costs would be entitled to
priority under the Estate Costs Rule. However, as the BFS action against D&T
is proceeding in England and should the English court decide to award
indemnity costs to D&T, whether on the basis of Article 110 (in other words
disagreeing with us), or on some other grounds, the question of priority of
the indemnity element of such costs will remain a live issue and must be
addressed.

44 The judge below ruled that indemnity costs are not entitled to priority
under the Estate Costs Rule on the ground that this would breach the _pari
passu_ principle of distribution on liquidation. He similarly held that the
liquidation expense principle could have no application to such costs as the
costs of D&T could not be considered to be incurred by BFS for the benefit of
the estate. He also felt that this principle was always meant to cover the use
of property by a liquidator and had never been applied in relation to costs.

45 Counsel for D&T submitted that there would be no breach of the _pari passu_
rule if priority was given to the indemnity costs. Unsecured claims that exist
at the date of the liquidation should be treated alike. Similarly, claims that
accrue during the liquidation, as a result of actions taken by the liquidator
in the discharge of his duties, should also be treated alike. Counsel argued
that it would be wrong to treat this latter category of claims in the same way
as the former category of claims.

46 The rationale for the Estate Costs Rule is that where an action is taken by
a liquidator for the benefit of the insolvent estate, it is only fair that the
defendant’s costs should rank in priority over the liquidator’s expenses and
remuneration and the claims of the unsecured creditors in general. The
liquidator should take the risk for his own actions: see _Re Home Investment
Society_ (1880) 14 Ch D 167 at 169-170.

47 As mentioned before, the parties are not in dispute that the standard costs
incurred by D&T would enjoy priority under the Estate Costs Rule. The dispute
centres only on the indemnity portion of the costs: whether that portion
should be similarly treated. The reason for distinguishing the two portions of
costs is that if indemnity costs were to be awarded on the basis of Article
110, that would be a free-standing pre-liquidation contractual debt, which
should not enjoy priority.

48 We would at this juncture observe that the judge below, quite rightly,
accepted that if the English Court were to award indemnity costs on a basis
other than Article 110, both portions should be entitled to priority. This is
because the indemnity portion of the costs would not have been brought about
by any commitment made prior to liquidation, but by the conduct of the
liquidators or their solicitors.

49 It would appear that there is no authority which has addressed this very
issue. We appreciate that until the liquidator commenced action and failed,
there could be no question of any costs being payable. We agree that the
action having been commenced for the benefit of the estate of the company in
question, the estate and the liquidator must bear the consequences that follow
therefrom. The question is, what consequence or consequences. The normal
consequence is standard costs unless the court in exercise of its discretion
wishes to award indemnity costs for any other good reasons. We are not here
concerned with indemnity costs awarded pursuant to the court’s discretion. It
is the contractual obligation to pay indemnity costs that is in issue. As that
is a right under a pre-liquidation contract, although that right is
contingent, it is no less a right which derives from that contract. It is also
a right which is capable of being sued upon separately: see _John v Price
Waterhouse_. Such a right should rank _pari passu_ with rights under other
existing contracts.

50 While it is true that when the liquidators in the present case commenced
the action, they would have been aware of Article 110, and would also have
been aware that but for the action instituted, the contingent obligation in
Article 110 would not have been triggered, we do not think that those
considerations are decisive. The fact is that Article 110 is not a commitment
they had made, although what they had done post-liquidation triggered it. The
liquidators should not have to choose between taking no action or taking
action and risking indemnity costs being paid in priority to their expenses.
Accordingly, we would uphold the decision of the judge below and rule that the
indemnity element of any costs awarded to D&T pursuant to Article 110 would
not be entitled to priority under the Estate Costs Rule.

**(ii) Liquidation expense principle**

51 Priority is also claimed by D&T in respect of indemnity costs on the basis
of the liquidation expense principle. This principle relates to post-
liquidation liabilities incurred by a liquidator for the purposes of the
winding-up. Liabilities under pre-liquidation contract would not be
liquidation expenses and such liabilities should be proved like all other
unsecured claims.

52 However, historically this principle of priority has been extended to apply
to expenses incurred by a liquidator over the continued use of property. The
rationale for this principle was enunciated by Lindley LJ in _In re Oak Pits
Colliery Co_ (1882) 21 Ch D 322 at 330 as follows:-

“If the liquidator has retained possession for the purposes of the winding up
or if he has used the property for carrying on the company’s business, or has
kept the property in order to sell it or to do the best he can with it, the
landlord will be allowed to distrain for rent, which has become due since the
winding-up. …. When the liquidator retains the property for the purpose of
advantageously disposing of it, or when he continues to use it, the rent of it
ought to be regarded as a debt contracted for the purpose of winding up the
company, and ought to be paid in full like any other debt or expense properly
incurred by the liquidator for the same purpose, and in such a case it appears
to us that the rent for the whole period during which the property is so
retained or used ought to be paid in full without reference to the amount
which could be realised by a distress. ”

53 However, it is important to note that Lindley LJ was not saying that the
liability to pay rent had been incurred as an expense of the winding up. This
was clarified by Lord Hoffmann in _In re Toshoku Finance UK plc_ [2002] 1WLR
671 at 679:-

“My Lords, it is important to notice Lindley LJ was not saying that the
liability to pay rent had been incurred as an expense of the winding up. It
plainly had not. The liability had been incurred by the company before the
winding up for the whole term of the lease. Lindley LJ was saying that it
would be just and equitable, in the circumstances to which he refers, to treat
the rent liability _as if_ it were an expense of the winding up and to accord
it the same priority. The conditions under which a pre-liquidation creditor
would be allowed to be paid in full were cautiously stated. Lindley LJ said,
at p. 329, that the landlord “must show why he should have such an advantage
over the other creditors”. It was not sufficient that the liquidator retained
possession for the benefit of the estate if it was also for the benefit of the
landlord. Not offering to surrender or simply doing nothing was not regarded
as retaining possession for the benefit of the estate.”

54 Indeed, in _Toshoku_ Lord Hoffmann also gave a historical account of the
development of the principle, as extended, and stressed that the principle
was, in fact, restrictive in its application. He said (at 679):-

“I give two modern examples which illustrate this restrictive application of
the principle. In _In re ABC Coupler and Engineering Co Ltd (No 3)_ [1970] 1
WLR 702, the liquidator on appointment closed down the business which had been
conducted on the premises, had the company’s plant and machinery valued and
thought about what he should do. It was only from the time he decided to put
the lease on the market that Plowman J held that he was retaining the premises
for the benefit of the winding up and was liable to pay the rent in full. In
_In re HH Realisations Ltd_ (1975) 31 P&CR 249 Templeman J held that a company
ceased to be liable to pay the rent in full from the time it gave notice to
the landlord that it was seeking authority to disclaim the lease, even though
it remained in occupation for nearly two months longer (See also _In re Downer
Enterprises Ltd_ [1974] 1 WLR 1460).

The principle evolved from _Exhall Coal Mining Co Ltd_ 4 De GJ&S 377 and
_Lundy Granite Co_ LR 6 Ch App 462 is thus one which permits, on equitable
grounds, the concept of a liability incurred as an expense of the liquidation
to be expanded to include liabilities incurred before the liquidation in
respect of property afterwards retained by the liquidator for the benefit of
the insolvent estate. Although it was originally based upon a statutory
discretion to allow a distress or execution against the company’s assets, the
courts quickly recognised that its effect could be to promote a creditor from
merely having a claim in the liquidation to having a prior right to payment in
full. As in the case of other equitable doctrines, the discretion hardened
into principle. By the end of the 19th century, the scope of the _Lundy
Granite Co_ principle was well settled.”

55 However, based on _Re Atlantic Computers System plc_ [1992] CH 505 where
Nicholls LJ said (at 522) “(the principle”) applies also to continuing
obligations under existing contracts such as leases which the liquidator
chooses to continue for the benefit of the winding up”, D&T argued that the
expenses incurred in defending the BFS action would come within that
proposition. Whatever may be the scope of the formulation of Nicholls LJ, it
is difficult to imagine that in this case BFS liquidators had _continued the
Article 110 obligation_ for the benefit of the winding up. The liquidators had
no choice in the matter once they decided to institute an action against D&T.

56 We do not think it is warranted to extend the scope of the principle
further to cover costs when standard costs incurred are already covered by the
Estate Costs Rule. Moreover, it is extremely doubtful that, in instituting the
action against D&T, the liquidators of BFS had continued the Article 110
obligation for the benefit of the estate.

**Judgment**

57 In the result, D&T’s appeal is dismissed with costs. However, as the
liquidators of BFS have not succeeded on the incorporation issue, they should
not be entitled to costs for work done in that respect. Accordingly, and
taking a broad view, we would order the appellants to pay only 2/3 costs, here
and below. The security for costs, together with any accrued interest, shall
be released to the respondents to account of their costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Jul 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

