Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Beng Tiong Trading, Import And Export (1988) Pte Ltd v Maria Janda Achmad
Bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil Alias Maria and Others  
[2003] SGHC 67

Case Number | : | Suit 1255/1996, RA 600092/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 March 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Stanley Wong (Jing Quee Chin Joo) for the plaintiff; T P B Menon (Wee Swee Teow & Co) for 6th and 13th defendants; Norain Abu Bakar (KC Abu Bakar & Partners) for 14th defendant; Peter Chua (Peter Chua & Partners) for fourth defendant   
Parties | : |  Beng Tiong Trading, Import And Export (1988) Pte Ltd — Maria Janda Achmad Bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil Alias Maria; Abd Rahim Bin Awad Bin Achmad Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil Alias Abd Rahim Awad Wachdin; Abd Rachman Bin Ali Bin Achmad Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil Alias Abd Rachman Ali Wachdin; Salim Bin Hasan Bin Achman Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil Alias Salim Hasan W; Ishak Bin Saad Bin Achmad Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil Alias Ishak Wachdin Be; Quresh Bin Muchsin Bin Achmad Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil Alias Quraisj Wahidin S.H Alias Quresh Muchsin Wachdin; Abubakar Bin Achmad Bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil Alias Abubakar Wahdin; Abd Azis Bin Achmad Bin Abdullah Wachdin basharahil Alias Abd Aziz Wahidin; Wachin Bin Achmad Bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil Alias Dr H. Wachdin Achman; Harith Bin Achman Bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil Alias Harits Ahmad Wahdin; Abd malik Muhammad Wachdin Alias H Abdul Malik Dr; Futum Binti Achmad Bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil Alias Futum; The Public Trustee of Singapore; Jak Alhadad & Co Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Interim orders – Whether earlier interlocutory order should
be set aside because of subsequent judgment from higher court  
  
Civil Procedure – Interim orders – Whether earlier interlocutory order should
be set aside on application by party to be joined as co-defendant  
  
Civil Procedure – Parties – Joinder – Party failed to obey earlier direction
of court to file application within time stated – Whether leave should be
granted for party to be joined as defendant to existing suit  
  

**Introduction**

1 This appeal arises from an application made by JAK Alhadad & Co Pte Ltd
("JAK") to be joined as 14th defendant in this action commenced by Beng Tiong
Trading Import & Export (1988) Pte Ltd ("Beng Tiong") against 12 beneficiaries
of the estate of Shaik Ahmad Bin Abdullah Wahdain Basharahil ("the Testator"),
with the Public Trustee being named as the 13th defendant. However JAK’s
application also included a prayer that an Order of Court dated 19 July 1999
("the 1999 Order) be set aside.

2 The Testator died on 15 July 1995 in Madura, Indonesia, leaving a large
number of properties in Singapore. He made a Will in Singapore on 3 September
1938.

3 Probate to the Will of the Testator was originally granted to Shaik Sayeed
bin Ahmad Wahdain Basharahil, one of the Executors and Trustees named in the
Will. Subsequently the Public Trustee was appointed trustee of the Will by an
Order of Court dated 11 October 1976 in Originating Summons No. 80 of 1976 as
the Court was satisfied that the original trustee was permanently residing out
of the jurisdiction and was unfit to act as such trustee. By this order, 61
immovable properties belonging to the estate of the Testator became vested in
the Public Trustee. Since then 32 of those properties have been compulsorily
acquired by the State leaving only 29 immovable properties vested in the
Public Trustee.

4 On 11 July 1996, Beng Tiong commenced the present action ("Beng Tiong’s
action) to claim the rights and interests of 12 beneficiaries in the immovable
properties identified in a Consent to Sale dated 12 August 1993 ("the
Consent"). The Consent had an annexure which was a draft agreement. About
three years later, on 19 July 1999, Beng Tiong obtained the 1999 Order before
an Assistant Registrar. The 1999 Order was obtained after arguments had been
presented by Counsel for Beng Tiong and Counsel for the Public Trustee. It
states, inter alia:

1.0 The Plaintiffs are hereby declared entitled to the rights, interests,
benefits and entitlements of the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th, 6th, 9th, 10th and 12th
Defendants in the immovable properties identified in the Contract dated 12
August 1993.

2.0 The 13th Defendant, as trustee of the estate of the Testator, do take such
steps as are necessary in cognisance of the declaration above, including but
not limited to execution of the Deed of Assent at the proper time of
distribution, to vest the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th, 6th, 9th, 10th and 12th
Defendants’ interest in the immovable properties identified in the Contract in
the Plaintiffs. No transfer of the interest in the immovable properties as
identified in the Contract dated 12 August 1993 is to be made save if the
consideration stated in the Contract is paid to the 13th Defendant as trustee
of the estate.

3.0 That the parties do have liberty to apply.

4.0 There be no order on prayer 4 of the application.

5.0 The 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 5th, 6th, 9th, 10th and 12th Defendants do pay the
Plaintiffs costs fixed at $1,500.00.

AND UPON HEARING Solicitors for the Plaintiffs and for the 4th Defendant IT IS
ORDERED THAT:

[the other orders are not material for present purposes.]

5 Subsequently, the Public Trustee, as the first applicant, and Quraisj
Wahidin ("Quraisj"), as the second applicant, applied for various reliefs in
OS 1030/2000. Quraisj was the attorney of six persons claiming to be some of
the beneficiaries under the will of the Testator. In that application, the
applicants sought, inter alia, an order that the Public Trustee be empowered
to sell the properties described in the schedule thereto free from
encumbrances including:

(a) the equitable interests of the beneficiaries under the will of the
Testator,

(b) the interest claimed by various caveators against the properties.

6 The application for sale was objected to by the fifth respondent ("Musa")
and the sixth respondent ("Salim"). They claimed to represent another group of
beneficiaries. They also claimed that the persons whom Quraisj represented
were not beneficiaries under the will of the Testator. Musa and Salim claimed
that those whom they represented constituted all the beneficiaries.

7 Musa and Salim then filed OS 600626/2001 as plaintiffs and named the Public
Trustee and Quraisj as defendants. In that application, they sought a
determination of the true and lawful beneficiaries of the estate of the
Testator and their respective shares and properties.

8 At a hearing of OS 1030/2000 on 1 September 2000, Beng Tiong appeared as an
interested party. JAK was the fourth Respondent in this OS.

9 On 28 September 2001, after hearing parties, Judicial Commissioner Lee Seiu
Kin ordered that:

(a) the Public Trustee be empowered to take steps in preparation for the sale
of the Properties provided that no sale was to be made without the prior
approval of the court,

(b) an inquiry be conducted to ascertain the persons entitled to the
Properties,

(c) OS 600626 of 2001 be consolidated with OS 1030 of 2000 and that any
inquiry be held on a date to be fixed.

He also gave consequential directions.

10 On the same day, Beng Tiong was given leave to be joined as the seventh
Respondent in OS 1030/2000 in view of the 1999 Order that Beng Tiong had
obtained.

11 The inquiry ordered by Lee JC was conducted on 3 July 2002 after which he
made a determination of the beneficiaries. After hearing the parties as to
costs, he made the following declarations and orders (Lee JC’s 2002 Order’):

1\. The Beneficiaries of the estate of the Testator under Muslim law are the
fourteen (14) persons set out in the 2nd Applicant’s 3rd Affidavit affirmed on
the 21st September 2001 and filed herein on the 24th September 2001 namely

(i) Maria (only surviving widow)

(ii) Said

(iii) Umar

(iv) Awad

(v) Ali

(vi) Hassan

(vii) As’ad

(viii) Mushin

(ix) Salum

(x) Abu Bakar

(xi) Abdul Aziz

(xii) Fetum

(xiii) Wachdin

(xiv) Harith

2\. (i) That the 1st Applicant as the current trustee of the Will of the
abovenamed Testator be empowered to sell the properties described in the
Schedule hereto by public tender, public auction or private treaty at a price
not less than the reserved price of $17,970,000-00 on such terms and
conditions as the 1st Applicant may in his absolute discretion determine freed
from all encumbrances including:

(a) the equitable interests of the beneficiaries under the Will of the
Testator; and

(b) the interest claimed by the Caveators against the properties set out in
the Schedule hereto,

and as from the date of this Order all the claims of the beneficiaries and the
Caveators who have lodged Caveats against the properties set out in the
Schedule hereto shall be deemed to be cancelled or withdrawn.

(ii) If the 1st Applicant is unable to sell the Testator’s properties within
six (6) months from the date hereof the parties are at liberty to apply.

3\. The 1st Applicant as such trustee aforesaid be empowered to execute such
assurances or transfers of the properties in favour of the purchasers or their
nominees thereof and to receive the purchase price and to give good and valid
discharges for the same.

4\. The 1st Applicant shall not make any payment of the proceeds of sale to
the beneficiaries without the leave of the Court.

5\. The costs of the 1st and 2nd Applicants and the 5th and 6th Respondents
are to be taxed on an indemnity basis and to be paid out of the proceeds of
sale of the Testator’s properties. There be no order as to the costs of the
1st to 4th and 7th Respondents.

6\. All parties are to have liberty to apply.

_THE SCHEDULE ABOVE REFERRED TO_

[Details of the properties were stated.]

12 JAK claimed to have locus standi to make its present application in Beng
Tiong’s action on the basis of two documents:

(a) An agreement dated 5 November 1994 between JAK and one Abdurrachman who
signed in his capacity as the attorney of the heirs and heiresses of the
testator.

(b) A series of assignments made on 12 February 1996 between the
representatives of those who claimed through 6 original beneficiaries and a
former director of JAK, one Syed Jafaralsadg Bin Abdul Kadir Alhadad.

13 The application was heard on 13 November 2002 by an Assistant Registrar who
ordered, inter alia, that:

(a) JAK be granted leave to be joined as the 14th Defendant in the action,

(b) the 1999 Order be set aside.

That order also required Beng Tiong to pay costs to various parties. Beng
Tiong was appealing against that order.

**Submission for Beng Tiong**

14 Mr Stanley Wong, Counsel for Beng Tiong, made submissions on the lack of
merit about JAK’s claim and the merits of Beng Tiong’s claim.

15 He also submitted that JAK had been guilty of inordinate delay for the
following reasons:

(a) Beng Tiong had lodged caveats on the Properties on 28 September 1993,
before the agreement or assignments which JAK was relying on.

(b) On 14 September 1999, Beng Tiong had lodged a memorandum with the Registry
of Deeds regarding the 1999 Order.

(c) JAK was a Respondent in OS 1030/2000 and when Beng Tiong appeared in that
action and eventually obtained leave to be added as a Respondent, JAK must
have been aware of Beng Tiong’s claim.

(d) On 2 May 2002, in OS 1030/2000, Lee JC had directed JAK to file any
application to set aside the 1999 Order within two weeks but JAK did not do so
until about one and a half years later. No explanation for the delay was
given. Its conduct bordered on the contumacious. However, he accepted that no
prejudice had been caused to Beng Tiong by JAK’s delay.

16 Mr Wong also submitted that none of the beneficiaries who had signed the
Consent was disputing its validity. Furthermore, before the 1999 Order was
made, the Public Trustee was represented by Counsel (although it was a
different one from Mr T P B Menon who was currently appearing for the Public
Trustee) and that Counsel had made submissions against the claim of Beng
Tiong.

17 However, Mr Wong admitted that Beng Tiong did not serve its application,
upon which it obtained the 1999 Order, on JAK which had also filed caveats, or
on other caveators, even though Beng Tiong was aware of the caveators before
the 1999 Order was made. He said that there were too many caveators and he
claimed that he had disclosed to the Assistant Registrar who made the 1999
Order the existence of the other caveats. However, he was not directed to
serve Beng Tiong’s application on anyone else. Unfortunately, the notes of
arguments leading to the 1999 Order did not reflect the disclosure made by Mr
Wong.

**Submission for the Public Trustee (Thirteenth Defendant) and Quresh Bin
Muchsia Bin Achmad Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil Alias Quraisj Wahidin S.H.
Quresh Muchsin Wachdin (‘Quresh’) (Sixth defendant)**

18 As I have mentioned, Mr T P B Menon was the current Counsel for the Public
Trustee who is the Thirteenth Defendant in Beng Tiong’s action. Mr Menon also
acted for Quresh who is the Sixth Defendant in the same action. Mr Menon said
that various persons claiming to be beneficiaries had purportedly sold their
interests in the estate of the Testator to various parties.

19 Mr Menon submitted that the Consent was invalid for various reasons. I need
only deal with his main reason which is that the Court of Appeal had decided
that the Consent had been fatally impinged in _Lee Siong Kee v Beng Tiong
Trading Import and Export (1988) Pte Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR 559. This demonstrated
that the 1999 Order was wrongly made.

20 Secondly, he submitted that Lee JC’s 2002 Order had impliedly over-ruled
the 1999 Order since the Public Trustee could now sell the Properties free
from all encumbrances. He submitted that Lee JC’s 2002 Order was contrary to
the 1999 Order and Beng Tiong had not appealed against Lee JC’s 2002 Order
even though it had objected to the application for an order empowering the
Public Trustee to sell the Properties.

21 Thirdly, Mr Menon submitted that the Writ in Beng Tiong’s Action was only
served on six out of the 12 Defendants and not on Quresh. Furthermore, it was
only served on a village headman. Also the affidavit in support of the service
did not set out all the facts and, also, the 1999 Order was obtained without
disclosure of all the relevant facts.

22 Fourthly, Mr Menon submitted that the Public Trustee had, pursuant to Lee
JC’s 2002 Order put up the Properties for sale by public tender on 27 November
2002 and yet Beng Tiong had not taken any step to stop the Public Trustee from
proceeding with the tender.

23 Accordingly, Mr Menon submitted that the court was not precluded whether by
issue estoppel or res judicata from setting aside the 1999 Order. Mr Menon
said that there were special circumstances why the court should reopen the
matter and set aside the 1999 Order in view of the decision of the Court of
Appeal in the case of _Lee Siong Kee_. Mr Menon cited _Property & Revisionary
Ltd v Templar_ [1977] 1 WLR 1223 and _Arnold v National Westminister Bank_
[1991] 3 All ER 41 to support his argument.

**Submission for JAK**

24 Ms Norain Abu Bakar, Counsel for JAK, accepted that there was delay on the
part of JAK in proceeding with its application to be added as a party in Beng
Tiong’s action and to set aside the 1999 Order. However she submitted that as
Lee JC’s direction to JAK (to do so within two weeks of his order) was not an
"unless" order, JAK was not precluded from making its application late.

25 Ms Tan, the co-counsel for JAK, also accepted that the order of the
Assistant Registrar allowing JAK’s application to be joined as a 14th
defendant in Beng Tiong’s action and to set aside the 1999 Order was not a
determination of the merits of Beng Tiong’s claim.

**Reply Submission for Beng Tiong**

26 Mr Wong submitted in his reply that the case of _Lee Siong Kee_ was on
different facts. There, the plaintiff was suing Beng Tiong for his
remuneration under an agency agreement. He did not agree that the Court of
Appeal had thrown out all Beng Tiong’s rights under the Consent.

27 Mr Wong also informed me that while Beng Tiong was not trying to stop the
Public Trustee from selling the properties which were before Lee JC, Beng
Tiong’s position was that it was still entitled to the proceeds of sale and,
for this reason, to rely on the 1999 Order.

**My Decision**

28 As there was no prejudice to Beng Tiong arising from JAK’s delay and Lee
JC’s order was not an "unless" order, I was of the view that JAK should not
yet be shut out from pursuing its claim just because of its failure to comply
with the two week dead-line from Lee JC.

29 However, I was of the view that the 1999 Order should not be set aside
until there was a final order to the contrary. Before it was set aside, the
1999 Order itself was a final order as between Beng Tiong and the first,
second, third, fifth, sixth, nineth, tenth, twelfth and thirteenth defendants.
As I have said, the Public Trustee is the 13th defendant in Beng Tiong’s
action. If the 1999 Order was set aside on the application of JAK to be added
as a defendant, then, it would mean that the Public Trustee could re-argue its
case against Beng Tiong, without more, even though JAK had not yet established
its claim on the merits.

30 Accordingly, I was of the view that the Public Trustee could not simply
ride on JAK’s application to be added as a defendant. It seemed to me that
even if the decision of the Court of Appeal in the _Lee Siong Kee_ case meant
that the 1999 Order was wrongly made, this did not mean that the 1999 order
was automatically set aside or ceased to have effect. The Public Trustee would
still have to make his own application to set aside the 1999 order.

31 As regards the _Templar_ case, the landlords there had commenced
proceedings in connection with a rent review clause. The High Court made a
determination of the rent review clause against them. Subsequently, they
attempted to set aside the earlier order made by the High Court in the light
of a subsequent decision of the House Lords in another case which involved a
similar rent review clause. However, their attempt was made in the context of
their application for leave to appeal out of time. Here, before me, the Public
Trustee had not made any application to appeal out of time.

32 As for the _Arnold_ case, there was also a dispute regarding a rent review
provision. The dispute arose on the first rent review date and the court made
a determination on the construction of the provision which was favourable to
the landlords. Shortly before the second review date, the lessees sought a
rectification of the lease and a determination again on the true construction
of the provision on the ground that subsequent cases had shown the judge’s
earlier determination to be wrong. The landlords applied to strike out the
lessees’ claim on the ground of issue estoppel but their application was
dismissed. An important consideration was the fact that the lessees’ claim was
not in respect of rent as at the first rent review date but as at the second
review date. The landlords were relying on issue estoppel and not cause of
action estoppel. In any event, my point is that the lessees there did make a
separate claim or application rather than assume that the first decision had
ceased to apply to the next rent review date in the light of subsequent
decisions in other cases.

33 Accordingly, it was not necessary for me to decide whether the Court of
Appeal’s decision in the _Lee Siong Kee_ case necessarily meant that the 1999
Order was wrong or whether the 1999 Order should be set aside. Likewise, if
the Sixth defendant was to take the position that the Writ in Beng Tiong’s
action had not been properly served on him, then it was for him, and not JAK,
to apply to set aside the 1999 Order vis-à-vis himself.

34 As JAK wanted to challenge Beng Tiong’s entitlement to sale proceeds, then
it should challenge Beng Tiong’s claim before the Public Trustee is persuaded
or compelled to pay Beng Tiong part thereof by virtue of the 1999 Order. JAK
was doing that but, as I have said, a final order had already been made under
the 1999 Order as regards Beng Tiong and the first, second, third, fifth,
sixth, nineth, tenth, twelfth and thirteenth defendants. It seemed to me that
it was too late for JAK to apply to be joined as a party in Beng Tiong’s
action. What it should do instead was to file a fresh action and name Beng
Tiong as one of the defendants. It would be for JAK’s solicitors to consider
what the appropriate reliefs should be and who else should be named as
defendants in the fresh action. For example, should the beneficiaries, as
determined by Lee JC, or some of them, be made defendants in JAK’s action,
since JAK would presumably want whatever order it manages to obtain
successfully to be binding on those beneficiaries through whom it claims?
Should the Public Trustee be named as a defendant if JAK seeks, inter alia, an
order for payment of the sale proceeds from the Public Trustee? Should the
other caveators be included as defendants as well, even though there may be
many of them, otherwise, JAK may find itself in the same situation as Beng
Tiong i.e even if JAK is successful and the Public Trustee pays the sale
proceeds, or part thereof, to JAK, JAK is still at risk of facing a claim by
one or more of the other caveators. Whether that claim will be successful or
not is another matter.

35 Even if the 1999 Order had not been made, it would not be sufficient for
JAK to be merely joined as a defendant in Beng Tiong’s action because it must
not only contest Beng Tiong’s claim but seek an order declaring its own
rights. If JAK were to be made a defendant in Beng Tiong’s action, it would
still have to make a counterclaim naming not only Beng Tiong but at least the
beneficiaries through whom JAK claims as defendants to its counterclaim. That
would make matters in Beng Tiong’s action very untidy.

36 As for the question whether Lee JC’s 2002 Order had impliedly over-ruled
the 1999 Order, I was of the view that it did so only to a limited extent,
that is, the second paragraph of the 1999 Order or part of the said second
paragraph would no longer apply (see paras 11and 4 above for Lee JC’s 2002
Order and the 1999 Order). I was also of the view that Lee JC’s 2002 Order was
not intended to and did not affect Beng Tiong’s entitlement as stated in
paragraph 1 of the 1999 Order as that was not an issue to be decided by him.

37 Accordingly, on 24 March 2003, I allowed the appeal of Beng Tiong on terms:

(a) the Order of the Assistant Registrar dated 13 November 2002 was set aside,

(b) JAK was at liberty to file a fresh action by 14 April 2003 vis-à-vis Beng
Tiong and any other party as JAK thought fit failing which JAK was precluded
from pursuing its claim,

(c) liberty was granted to JAK and the Public Trustee to apply to set aside
the Order dated 19 July 1999 if the outcome of JAK’s fresh action warranted
such an application.

38 If the Public Trustee still considers that it is necessary to set aside the
second paragraph of the 1999 Order or part thereof or the entire order, then
it is up to him to seek such a prayer as when he decides to make an
application.

39 Indeed, by 24 March 2003, the Public Trustee had applied for an extension
of time to appeal against only the second paragraph of the 1999 Order. Mr Wong
did not contest that application as it was confined to the said second
paragraph although he was of the view that the said second paragraph need not
be entirely deleted. Accordingly, I allowed the application for extension of
time to appeal and this order of mine was also made on 24 March 2003 in
respect of the Public Trustee’s application .

40 There is one other observation I wish to make. Counsel for the Public
Trustee should re-consider whether it is appropriate for him to act for Quresh
or any of the other beneficiaries vis-à-vis any claimant of a beneficiary’s
interest.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Mar 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

