Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Chun Seng v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGCA 26

Case Number | : | Cr App 2/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 June 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; MPH Rubin J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Subhas Anandan, Anand Nalachandran (Harry Elias Partnership) for the Appellant; David Chew Siong Tai (DPP) for the Respondent   
Parties | : |  Tan Chun Seng — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Murder – Sudden fight – Ingredients of defence –
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) s 300(c) Exception 4  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Culpable homicide – Whether
life imprisonment appropriate – Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) ss 304(a),
(b)  
  

**_Delivered by Yong Pung How CJ_ **

1 This was an appeal by Tan Chun Seng (the appellant) against his conviction
in the High Court of murder under s 300(c) of the Penal Code punishable under
s 302 of the Penal Code.

**Facts**

2 The deceased, Krishnan s/o Sengal Rajah (Krishnan), had at about 8.30pm on
30 June 2001 met a friend Chandrasegaran s/o Raman (Chandrasegaran) for drinks
at Rajini Wines, which was a bar along Dunlop Street within the vicinity of
Little India. Krishnan was a deaf-mute, a fact which, at all material times,
the appellant did not know. Whilst at Rajini Wines, Krishnan and
Chandrasegaran consumed four quarter-litre bottles of gin. They left Rajini
Wines at about 10.30pm, and had another drink at the Back Alley Pub. After
leaving the pub, the two of them walked down Dunlop Street. At about this time
the appellant was parking his newly-purchased Nissan Sunny car along Dunlop
Street. The appellant had intended to have Teochew porridge at a coffee shop
at the end of Dunlop Street before heading off to Johor Baru for the weekend.
Just as he was parking the car, he saw two Indian males walking towards his
car. These two Indian males were Krishnan and Chandrasegaran. The appellant
had never met them before. Just as they approached the car, Chandrasegaran hit
the glass window on the front passenger side of the car.

3 The appellant was furious at this. He turned his head and saw that
Chandrasegaran and the deceased had moved to the rear of the car, where they
stopped. Chandrasegaran was seen gesturing to the appellant to come down from
his car, with Krishnan standing beside him. The appellant parked his car
swiftly. He was set on confronting Chandrasegaran. He walked a short distance
to catch up with the two men but soon realised that the one wearing the black
T-shirt, Chandrasegaran, was no longer in sight. He had turned into one of the
many side alleys which ran off from the road they had been walking on.
Krishnan however had not turned into a side alley – he continued to walk down
Dunlop Street.

4 Not being able to confront Chandrasegaran about why he hit his car, the
appellant went to catch up with Krishnan, and shouted to him, asking him why
his friend had hit his car. The fact that Krishnan continued walking,
unperturbed at the appellant’s outburst, only enraged the appellant. He
started to hurl Hokkien vulgarities at Krishnan. When he had almost caught up
with Krishnan, the latter turned around and faced the appellant. Krishnan, now
facing the appellant, just stood his ground and looked at the appellant. The
appellant kept on hurling Hokkien vulgarities at Krishnan. He coupled his
verbal outburst with expressive hand gestures. He noticed at this point that
Krishnan was of a big physical build. The autopsy report later showed that
Krishnan weighed 94 kg and was 172 cm tall. As the appellant continued his
verbal onslaught and hand gesturing, he moved forward thereby closing the gap
between himself and Krishnan.

5 Krishnan then pushed the appellant with great force such that the appellant
immediately fell to the ground. This push was not an ordinary shove. It was
meant to fell the appellant to the ground. Evidence of the fact that this push
was of great force was seen in the trial judge’s grounds of decision, the
appellant’s evidence at trial and two of the appellant’s statements to the
police. The importance of this fact needed to be stressed. Therefore, we
tabulated the evidence which clearly showed that Krishnan’s push was an
aggressive one which resulted in the appellant being thrown to the ground.

Table 1: Proof that Krishnan’s push was aggressive and forceful

Reasons |  Explanations  
---|---  
Trial judge’s grounds of decision |  The trial judge stated: ‘In these circumstances, I will assume, without casting blame on Krishnan, that he did push the accused a little harder than he ought to.’  
The appellant’s evidence at trial |  When on the stand the appellant stated in Hokkien: ‘As I walked nearer towards him, this man used his right hand and pushed me on the chest. The force he used was very great and I fell onto the ground.’  
The appellant’s police statements |  The appellant recounted the force with which Krishnan pushed him in two separate police statements. In the first statement, he stated in Hokkien: ‘When I walked near him, he pushed me with his hand and I fell to the ground…I realised that I could not overpower him with my bare hands.’ In the second statement, he stated in Hokkien: ‘He used his right hand to push at my chest. I fell on the ground due to his pushing.’  
  
6 When the appellant was on the ground, he spotted a wooden pole on top of a
pile of rubbish at the side of the street. He had realised that he was not
going to be able to overpower Krishnan in a bare-handed fight, and so grabbed
the pole, got up, and gave chase with the pole in hand. Krishnan had advanced
a few steps from the place where he had pushed the appellant. Thus, the
appellant had a slight distance to make up before he hit Krishnan on the head
with the pole. The appellant stated in his police statements that he hit
Krishnan numerous times with it.

7 Krishnan fell to the ground and was motionless. The appellant then threw the
wooden pole to the side of the road, walked back to his car and drove to Johor
Baru. Jahangeer s/o Jamaludden, a bystander, saw Krishnan collapse on the
ground, and immediately called the police. This was at 10.46pm. Lyn John
Pereira, a paramedic with the Singapore Civil Defence Force, received
instructions at 10.49pm to go the scene. The paramedic arrived at 10.59pm and
after examining the body pronounced Krishnan dead at 11.03pm. When the police
took over investigation of the case, they handed over to the Health Sciences
Authority (HSA) three sachets of green substance and a straw of yellow
substance for testing. These were found in Krishnan’s haversack. HSA analysis
confirmed that the straw contained 0.21 grams of powdery substance which
contained diamorphine. The three sachets contained 5.67 grams of fragmented
vegetable matter which contained tetrahydrocannanibol and cannanibol.

8 Dr Paul Chui, a Consultant Forensic Pathologist with the Health Sciences
Authority, confirmed in his autopsy report that the death had stemmed from a
constellation of injuries over the right side and back of the head. He stated
that these injuries could be explained by a single blunt blow over the right
side of the head. He maintained throughout his time on the stand that the
autopsy report did not reveal any other injuries elsewhere on the body, and
that the constellation of injuries to the right side of the head was
consistent with just one blunt blow. Thus, there was prima facie an
inconsistency between the appellant’s evidence and the medical evidence. This
issue will be addressed in the judgment below.

**The Decision Below**

9 The trial judge found that the prosecution had made out all the elements
needed to crystallise the appellant’s culpability under s 300(c) of the Penal
Code. Section 300(c) states:

Except in the cases hereinafter excepted culpable homicide is murder if it is
done with the intention of causing bodily injury to any person, and the bodily
injury intended to be inflicted is sufficient in the ordinary course of nature
to cause death.

10 Having come to this conclusion, the trial judge addressed the defence of
provocation under Exception 1 to s 300 of the Penal Code. He found that it was
Chandrasegaran who had hit the appellant’s car and then gestured to him to
come out of his car. These two facts showed that the defence under Exception 1
was not available to the appellant since the provocation did not stem from the
deceased. That the provocation must come from the deceased is a clear pre-
requisite, as seen in Illustration (a) to the provocation exception. The trial
judge stated that the only provocation that emanated from Krishnan was his
pushing of the accused with such force that he fell. However, this act had
been provoked by the accused himself. Thus, there was no room for the partial
defence of provocation to apply. Accordingly, the accused was found guilty of
murder under s 300(c) and was sentenced to suffer death.

**The Appeal**

11 The appellant raised three broad points at the appellate stage. We were of
the opinion that only one of these points was of merit. To this end, we dealt
summarily with the other two points.

_Section 300 (c) of the Penal Code_

12 Counsel for the appellant argued that the trial judge was wrong to find
that the necessary elements for a s 300(c) offence were made out by the
prosecution. We dismissed this argument. This court recently re-emphasised in
the case of _Arun Prakash Vaithilingam v PP_ (Criminal Appeal No. 23 of 2002)
that it is trite law that to prove an accused guilty of murder under s 300(c)
of the Penal Code, one of the essential elements which must be established is
that ‘there was an intention to inflict that particular bodily injury, that is
to say, that it was not accidental or unintentional, or that some other kind
of injury was intended’. This interpretation was grounded in the cases of
_Virsa Singh v State of Punjab_ AIR 1958 SC 465 and _Tan Cheow Bock v PP_
[1991] SLR 293. It was clear that the appellant intentionally struck a blow to
Krishnan’s head. The injuries sustained caused the death. The requirements for
an offence under s 300(c) were made out.

_Provocation_

13 Counsel for the appellant argued that the trial judge was incorrect to
dismiss the partial defence of provocation. We dismissed this argument. The
provocation stemmed from Chandrasegaran. As regards Krishnan’s violent push,
this act was provoked by the appellant. Thus, it was clear that the defence of
provocation did not apply.

_Sudden Fight_

14 This was the crux of the appeal. We were of the view that the partial
defence of sudden fight applied in this case.

15 The statutory defence of sudden fight resides in Exception 4 to s 300 of
the Penal Code (Cap 224). Exception 4 states:

Culpable homicide is not murder if it is committed without premeditation in a
sudden fight in the heat of passion upon a sudden quarrel, and without the
offender having taken undue advantage or acted in a cruel or unusual manner.

_Explanation_ \- It is immaterial in such cases which party offers the
provocation or commits the first assault.

16 There are three main ingredients which prompt the operation of this
defence:

a) Sudden fight, heat of passion, sudden quarrel

b) Absence of premeditation

c) No undue advantage or cruel or unusual acts

This case possessed all three ingredients. It must be pointed out that counsel
for the appellant at trial below did not raise the defence of sudden fight. It
was first raised only at the appeal stage, by newly briefed counsel. We
studied the evidence in great detail and found that there were several
indicators that the defence of sudden fight was operative in this case. These
indicators included, inter alia, the fact that the appellant had in his
numerous police statements stated that there was a fight and that the
appellant stood by what he said in his statements when he was later called to
give evidence at trial.

17 Ideally, the defence should have been addressed at the trial stage. Murder
carries with it the death penalty. To this end, the Courts are called upon to
perform an exacting study of whether any of the defences – whether partial or
full – to murder are operative in the case at hand. This duty is as applicable
to the Court of Appeal as it is to the trial court.

18 Two Malaysian Court of Appeal decisions – _Ahmad Raduan bin Awang Bol v PP_
[2003] 1 MLJ 372 and _Haji Talib v PP_ [1969] 1 MLJ 94 – proposed that where
there was evidence from the record of proceedings that a defence of sudden
fight ought to have been addressed by the trial judge, but was not, the proper
way for the appellate court to decide the case was to give the benefit of the
doubt to the appellant. The Malaysian Courts’ reasoning was that the proper
forum for the assessment of the sudden fight defence’s applicability was the
trial court. The Court of Appeal, in their view, was ill-equipped to make this
finding of fact.

19 We were of the view that the best forum to decide whether or not an
exception to s 300 existed was the trial court, but where for some reason the
defence was not pleaded and addressed at the trial court, we were of the view
that the Court of Appeal was still in a very credible position to make a
decision on the defence’s operation. This is especially so when the Court of
Appeal has all the evidence it needs to come to a decision on the operation of
the defence. In such situations, there is no need to give the benefit of the
doubt to the appellant since the evidence can be studied afresh.

20 Section 54 of the Supreme Court Judicature Act (SCJA) deals with the powers
of the Court of Appeal. It states:

The Court of Appeal may thereupon confirm, reverse or vary the decision of the
trial court, or may order a retrial or may remit the matter with the opinion
of the Court of Appeal thereon to the trial court, or may make such other
order in the matter as it may think just, and may by such order exercise any
power which the trial court might have exercised.

There was sufficient evidence before this Court to ascertain whether the
defence of sudden fight existed in this case. We did not question the
credibility of the witnesses as assessed by the trial judge.

21 Whether or not there was in fact a sudden fight in any given case depends
on the unique factual matrix in that case. However, over the years, the Court
of Appeal and the High Court in Singapore have laid down guidelines as to what
factors are good and credible indicators that a defence of sudden fight does
or does not exist in each case. The cases involving the defence of sudden
fight over the past 12 years show that there are three main guidelines in this
regard:

(1) _Premeditation_

Whether the fight and injuries suffered by the deceased were pre-meditated by
the appellant.

(2) _Armed beforehand_

Whether the appellant was armed with the relevant weapon before the fight
began – i.e. whether he came armed.

(3) _Undue advantage_

Whether, during the fight, the appellant had reason to resort to a weapon –
i.e. here the Courts have placed substantial emphasis on the disparity of size
between the deceased and the accused.

22 We were unable to find one case on sudden fight in the past 12 years,
which, when compared to the facts of the current case, signalled that the
defence should not apply in this case. We analysed the cases of _Jin Yugang v
Public Prosecutor_ [2003] SGHC 37; _Arun Prakash Vaithilingam v Public
Prosecutor_ [Criminal Appeal 23 of 2002]; _Asogan Ramesh s/o Ramachandran &
Ors v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 1 SLR 286; _Ranwilage Fernando v Public
Prosecutor_ [1998] 3 SLR 893; _Samlee Prathumtree & Anor v Public Prosecutor_
[1996] 3 SLR 529; _Phua Soy Boon v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR 285;
_Sivakumar v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 1 SLR 671; _Mohd Sulaiman v Public
Prosecutor_ [1994] 2 SLR 465; _Roshdi v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 3 SLR 282;
_Mohd Yassin v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 3 SLR 491; _Mohd Bachu Miah & Anor v
Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 1 SLR 249; _Soosay v Public Prosecutor_ [1993] 3 SLR
272; _Public Prosecutor v Ramasamy a/l Sebastian_ [1990] SLR 875; _Public
Prosecutor v Seow Khoon Kwee_ [1988] SLR 871. To this end, the key facts
surrounding this case must be re-emphasised:

(1)  _No premeditation_

It was clear from the evidence that the appellant had no intention of getting
into a fight that evening. He had never met the two Indian men before. Having
had his car window hit by Chandrasegaran, he wanted to confront the latter as
to why the latter hit his car. However, the appellant had lost sight of him
and therefore decided to confront his companion Krishnan. It was at this point
of time that the defence of provocation failed. It was clear from his police
statements and his evidence at trial that he wanted to ask Krishnan why
Chandrasegaran had hit his car. The appellant then started to swear at
Krishnan, and, when he finally caught Krishnan’s attention, he continued to
shout and gesture vulgarities at him. Krishnan, now face-to-face with the
appellant, then forcefully pushed the appellant to the ground. It was clear
that this fight was not planned unlike the facts of many cases in which sudden
fight was pleaded unsuccessfully.

(2) _Not armed beforehand_

It was clear from the evidence and from the grounds of decision that the
appellant had not come armed. It was only after he was felled by Krishnan that
he picked up the wooden pole. In fact, he spotted the wooden pole when he was
on the ground after being pushed by Krishnan. The pole was in a pile of
rubbish by the side of the road. This was not disputed. (One could have argued
that it was the appellant’s vulgarities and gesturing that provoked Krishnan
into aggressively pushing the appellant. This would correctly negate a
provocation defence. But it ought not to negate a sudden fight defence since
it is clearly explained in the Penal Code that the defence of sudden fight
does not depend on which party provoked the other into the fight. In this
regard, the defence of sudden fight augments rather than overlaps the defence
of provocation). Thus it was clear that the appellant was not armed
beforehand.

(3) _No undue advantage_

The appellant stated that he hit Krishnan numerous times with the pole. This
was confirmed by Eric Chew and Wilfred Chen, eye-witnesses who were having
supper at a coffee shop on the corner of Dunlop Street. Dr Paul Chui stated on
the stand that the constellation of injuries to the right back of Krishnan’s
head was consistent with one single blunt blow. He maintained throughout his
examination and cross-examination that there was no medical evidence showing
that Krishnan was hit more than once. He stated that the bruises and cuts
which showed up on the autopsy report could have been caused by the deceased
falling down. However, the overwhelming evidence captured in the appellant’s
police statements and the statements of the two eye-witnesses showed that the
appellant did in fact hit Krishnan numerous times. On the totality of the
evidence, we were of the view that the reason why the autopsy report showed
that there were no bruise marks on the deceased’s back, which was the area of
the body the appellant concentrated his hits on, stemmed from the fact that
Krishnan was wearing a haversack at the time of the confrontation. Dr Paul
Chui said that it was possible that the haversack could have protected
Krishnan from the hits to his back, but maintained that the medical evidence
confirmed that there was only one blunt blow to the head. Nothing more.
Nonetheless, we were of the view that this case was one where the appellant
hit the deceased numerous times. Even in light of this fact, we were of the
opinion that there was no undue advantage here. Of factual importance was the
fact that there was a considerable disparity in size between the accused and
the deceased. The autopsy report showed that the deceased weighed 94 kg and
was 172 cm in height. At the time of admission to prison, the appellant
weighed 61 kg and was 168 cm in height. In terms of weight, this made Krishnan
150% the weight of the appellant. The appellant stated in his numerous police
statements and on the stand that he picked up the weapon because he was
convinced after being pushed to the ground that he would not overpower
Krishnan in a bare-handed fight. This was an important fact because the cases
over the past 12 years have shown that the Singapore Courts have placed
substantial emphasis on the physical sizes of the deceased and the accused
when assessing whether the use of the weapon by the latter procured an undue
advantage.

23 Of the 12 years’ worth of case law studied, one case needed specific
mention. This was the case of _Arun Prakash Vaithilingam v Public Prosecutor_
[Criminal Appeal 23 of 2002]. The facts were these: the victim, Lenin, was
fast asleep in his room. Arun, the appellant, was still smarting from a remark
which Lenin made about him earlier in the day. Arun then went into Lenin’s
room, armed with a knife to confront him. Vulgarities were exchanged. There
was some pushing of shoulders. The trial judge, with some hesitation, found
this pushing constituted a fight. The aggressor was at all times Arun who
eventually stabbed the victim in the chest. The defence of sudden fight was
pleaded unsuccessfully.

24 The case of _Arun Prakash Vaithilingam_ worked to the advantage of the
appellant in the current case for three reasons. First, the trial judge in
_Arun Prakash Vaithilingam_ found that ‘pushing’ did constitute a fight and
this was not disapproved by the Court of Appeal. Secondly, the Court of Appeal
affirmed the trial judge’s assessment as regards what constituted an undue
advantage in a sudden fight. In his grounds, the trial judge stated:

I hold the view that generally a person who picks a quarrel or fight with an
unarmed person, who is not substantially bigger or stronger than he, is deemed
to have taken an unfair advantage when he uses a deadly weapon that he had
armed himself with prior to the fight. By no account can two such protagonists
be considered to be fairly or evenly matched. The post-mortem description of
Lenin and my assessment of Arun do not indicate that Lenin was substantially
bigger than Arun.

Thirdly, unlike Arun, the current appellant was not armed when he confronted
Krishnan.

25 There was evidence in the current case that the appellant hit Krishnan when
the latter was on the ground. We were of the opinion that the appellant’s
actions were borne out of a fight and thus were carried out in the heat of
passion. To this end, the fact that the appellant continued to hit the
deceased when the deceased was on the ground did not prevent him from claiming
the defence of sudden fight. It must be remembered that the appellant did not
premeditate the fight and that the fight was started by the deceased’s push.
Also, the appellant picked up the stray pole in the course of the fight. He
was therefore not armed beforehand. The appellant was of a much smaller build
than the deceased. In these circumstances, the fact that the appellant
continued to hit the deceased while the latter was on the ground did not
prevent the appellant from claiming the defence of sudden fight. Neither did
the fact that when the appellant struck the deceased, the latter had turned
and walked away, should deprive the appellant of the defence of sudden fight.
The fight had begun.

26 On a thorough analysis of the case law, we were of the opinion that the
defence of sudden fight was available to the appellant.

**Sentence**

27 Our next step was to look at the requisite punishment for the offence. This
was captured in s 304 of the Penal Code. We had a choice of whether to
sentence the appellant to life imprisonment which was the maximum punishment
under s 304(a) of the Penal Code or to sentence him up to ten years’
imprisonment, which was the maximum sentence under s 304(b) of the Penal Code.

28 Thus, there is a broad margin between the maximum sentences attached to
each of these provisions – ss 304(a) and 304(b) of the Penal Code. This
disparity exists within s 304(a) itself since the Court has, within the
section, the ability to sentence the appellant to ten years’ imprisonment or
life imprisonment – but nothing in between. If, for example, the appellant was
26 years’ old, as was the case in the current appeal, this could mean a
disparity of over forty years between the two ‘peg marks’ of ten years and
life – assuming the appellant lived until the age of say 76. The reason for
this broad margin was borne out of the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Abdul
Nasir bin Amer Hamsah v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 3 SLR 643. In _Abdul Nasir_
the Court held that life imprisonment meant imprisonment for the remainder of
the appellant’s natural life.

29 The Court of Appeal in _Public Prosecutor v Tan Kei Loon Allan_ [1999] 2
SLR 288 highlighted the lack of judicial discretion to deliver a sentence
between ten years and life for the offence of culpable homicide not amounting
murder. To this end, the Court of Appeal stated:

In serious cases the court must choose between the two options for a weighty
sentence: ten years or life imprisonment. Under the old position, the
effective choices would be up to seven years’ imprisonment (after remission)
or about 13 years’ imprisonment for a ‘life sentence’ (after remission), a gap
of about six years. Without remission, the gap would be ten years. Now, the
gap is very much wider. Even assuming a positive outcome after review by the
Life Imprisonment Review Board, the gap between the sentencing options is
between 7 and 20 years, more than double the old position. Assuming a negative
outcome by the Review Board, or that the sentence was not commuted, the gap
widens…There is no discretion for the court to impose a sentence of more than
ten years, but less than life imprisonment. This compares to the position in
England, where, in respect of manslaughter (murder without intent), the court
has a discretion to impose a sentence up to and including a sentence for life
(see the English Offences Against the Person Act 1861, s 5, as amended by the
Criminal Justice Act 1948)…In a situation in which the court is desirous of a
sentence greater than ten years, but feels that a sentence of life
imprisonment is excessive, we have no choice but to come down, however
reluctantly, on the side of leniency. Otherwise, the punishment imposed would
significantly exceed the offender’s culpability. It would, in our view, be
wrong to adopt an approach in which the court would prefer an excessive
sentence to an inadequate one.

30 The evidence in the current case pointed to the conclusion that the maximum
sentence of ten years’ imprisonment under the s 304(b) limb was the
appropriate punishment for the appellant. Our use of the s 304(b) limb did not
neutralise the problem of sentence-disparity surrounding the punishment
options embodied in s 304. In line with the jurisprudence of _Tan Kei Loon
Allan_ , we would have to have erred on the side of leniency due to the
excessiveness of the only other option (excluding caning) of life
imprisonment. It seems prudent therefore that s 304 of the Penal Code is
revamped to allow the judiciary the ability to sentence between the range of
ten years’ imprisonment and life.

**Conclusion**

31 The appellant killed Krishnan. The death was the result of a sudden fight.
The facts in this case were unique and tight – there was no premeditation; the
appellant was overpowered by the strength of the deceased; the appellant was
not armed beforehand; there was parity in numbers; and the fight was sudden.
We allowed the appeal and convicted the appellant of culpable homicide not
amounting to murder. We sentenced him to ten years’ imprisonment.

_Appeal allowed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jun 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

