Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Jumabhoy Asad v Aw Cheok Huat Mick and Others  
[2003] SGCA 32

Case Number | : | CA 1/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 July 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mdm Loh Wai Mooi, Ms Rowena Chew (Bih Li & Lee) for the Appellant; Chan Kia Pheng (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the Respondents   
Parties | : |  Jumabhoy Asad — Aw Cheok Huat Mick; Bruce Johnson Christopher; The Liquidators of Lion City Holdings Pte Ltd (in Liquidation)   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Court of appeal – Whether Court of Appeal has
jurisdiction to hear appeal where order appealed against is interlocutory and
appellant did not apply to judge for further arguments – Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) s 34(1)(c)  
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Test for determining whether an order
is an interlocutory order or a final order  
  

**_ Delivered by Chao Hick Tin JA _ **

1 This is an appeal against a decision of Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was)
refusing to set aside an _ex parte_ order made by Rajendran J on the
application of the liquidators of a company, Lion City Holdings Pte Ltd (“the
company”), Messrs Mick Aw (“Aw”) and Christopher Johnson (“Johnson”), to have
the appellant, a former director of the company, examined by the court on
matters “concerning the promotion, formation, trade dealings, affairs or
property of the company” and if necessary for the examination, to “produce all
books, correspondence and documents in his custody, power or control.”

2 At the commencement of the hearing of the appeal before us, a preliminary
issue, touching on the vital question as to whether the appeal is properly
before this Court, was raised by the respondent. This judgment will address
this preliminary issue.

**The facts**

3 The appellant (“Jumabhoy”) was a director of the company from February 1994
to September 1996 and became the managing director in 1996. On 24 March 2000,
the company was wound up pursuant to an order of court. Aw and Johnson were
appointed the liquidators. On 23 January 2002, pursuant to s 285 of the
Companies Act, the liquidators applied by way of an _ex parte_ summons-in-
chambers (“summons”) for an order that Jumabhoy attend court for examination
relating to the affairs of the company as aforesaid. After two adjournments,
the summons was eventually heard on 23 April 2002, and the order for
examination of Jumabhoy was granted. However, in the meantime on 18 April
2002, the liquidators filed a protective writ against Jumabhoy, as well as
against his father and a brother. Due to an oversight, at the hearing of the
summons, the liquidators failed to inform Rajendran J that the protective writ
had been issued.

4 Some six months later, on 23 October 2002, Jumabhoy filed an application by
way of summons-in-chambers to set aside or vary the order of Rajendran J. On 3
December 2002, this application was refused by Tay JC and it is against this
decision that the present appeal is being brought.

**Interlocutory or final**

5 The preliminary issue arises because of s 34(1)(c) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act which provides that-

(1) No appeal shall be brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following
cases:-

(c) subject to any other provision in this section, where a Judge makes an
interlocutory order in chambers unless the Judge has certified, on application
within 7 days after the making of the order by any party for further argument
in court, that he requires no further argument;”

6 By this provision, it is clear that there can be no appeal against an
interlocutory order made by a judge in chambers unless the aggrieved party
shall, within 7 days thereof, make an application to the judge to hear further
arguments and the judge has certified that he requires no further argument.

7 In the instant case, it is a fact that the summons came before Tay JC in
chambers. There was no application made by Jumabhoy to the judge to hear
further arguments. So there can be no appeal unless the order of Tay JC is a
final order. Thus the question that remains to be answered is whether the
order of 3 December 2002 is an interlocutory order or a final order falling
outside the ambit of s 34(1)(c) of the SCJA. If it is the former, Jumabhoy
would be precluded from filing any appeal.

8 The question whether an order is interlocutory or final was the subject of
several decisions here. In _Rank Xerox (Singapore) Pte Ltd v Ultra Marketing
Pte Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR 73, this Court, after reviewing the authorities, adopted
the test propounded in _Bozson v Altrincham Urban District Council_ [1903] 1
KB 547 to be the correct test:-

“Does the judgment or order, as made, finally dispose of the rights of the
parties? If it does, then … it ought to be treated as a final order; but if it
does not, it is then … an interlocutory order.”

In _Rank Xerox_ the plaintiffs sought to set aside an order giving the
defendants conditional leave to defend. Applying the _Bozson_ test, the Court
held that as the order did not finally determine the rights of the parties, it
was interlocutory in nature.

9 It is of interest to note that in _Rank Xerox_ , the plaintiffs argued that
the order giving conditional leave to defend was nevertheless a final order as
the defendant could only defend if the condition was satisfied. The Court
rejected the argument and reasoned as follows (at p 76):-

“In our judgment the phrase ‘the rights of the parties’ contained in the
_Bozson_ test refers to the substantive rights in dispute in the particular
action in which the application for summary judgment is made. When conditional
leave to defend the action is given, then so long as the defendant complies
with the condition, he has the right to a full trial on the merits, at which
later time the substantive rights of the parties will be determined. All that
the order for conditional leave decides is the condition subject to which the
dispute on the substantive rights is allowed to proceed to trial. It does not
decide any part of the substantive rights themselves.”

10 We are conscious that in England, the test adopted would appear to be the
“application” approach: see _Salaman v Warner_ [1891] 1 QB 734, which was
applied in _White v Brunton_ [1984] 1QB 571 and this latter case in turn
declared that the _Bozson’s_ test was no longer good law.

11 That is the English position. We would further add that in England the
difficulties inherent in determining whether an order was interlocutory or
final led to the enactment of Order 59 r 1 A in 1988 which sets out specific
lists of final and interlocutory orders. A general test is also provided in
that rule in respect of orders which do not fall within those specified in the
lists.

12 But in so far as the position in Singapore is concerned, the _Bozson_ test
adopted in _Rank Xerox_ was subsequently followed in several cases, e.g., _L v
L_ [1997] 1 SLR 222; _Ling Kee Ling v Leow Leng Siong_ [1996] 2 SLR 438 and
_Aberdeen Asset Management Asia Ltd v Fraser & Neave Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 441.
Indeed, very much earlier, in the case of _Tee Than Song Construction Co Ltd v
Kwong Kum Sun Glass Merchant_ [1967] 2 MLJ 205, the Federal Court in Singapore
held that the _Bozson_ test was the correct one to apply. Neither counsel has
requested us to depart from this line of authorities.

13 However, applying the _Bozson_ test, counsel for Jumabhoy argued that Tay
JC, in refusing to set aside the order of Rajendran J and in allowing the
appellant to be examined by the court, made a final order. Counsel recognised
that under the English rules, this order could not be a final order. But as
the Singapore Rules of Court do not have the equivalent provisions and the
lists, the English position should not be followed, relying on _L v L_ and
_Tee Tham Song v Kwong Kum Sun._

14 We accept the submission that this Court should apply the _Bozson_ test to
determine if the order of Tay JC is an interlocutory or a final order and not
adopt indiscriminately the provision in the English O 59 r 1A(6)(ee) which
classifies “an order made in the course of or by way of regulation of a
liquidation and any other order ancillary to or consequential on a winding up
order” as an interlocutory order.

15 Obviously, in determining, in accordance with the _Bozson_ test, whether an
order is interlocutory or final, it is necessary to examine the nature and
effect of the order. The order of 18 April 2002 was made pursuant to an
application by the liquidators in the course of their duties in winding up the
company. The order did not determine the substantive rights of any party. It
only required Jumabhoy, who was first a director, and later the managing
director, of the company, to appear before the court to be examined as to his
knowledge of the affairs of the company and to produce the relevant documents
if they were in his possession. It is an order to assist the liquidators in
discharging their functions of establishing the true state of affairs of the
company. Such an order is clearly of a procedural nature and is similar in
effect to a subpoena in other civil proceedings. We are unable to see how it
could be said that this order affects substantive rights.

16 We turn next to the appellant’s application to have the 18 April 2002 order
set aside. Clearly, in refusing the application, Tay JC was effectively
affirming the order. Such an affirmation does not alter the nature of the
order of 18 April 2002.

17 Counsel for the appellant contended that the refusal order was “an order
which finally disposed of the rights of parties under s 285(2) of the
Companies Act, i.e., it conferred upon the respondents the right to examine
the appellant in court and refused the appellant the right not to attend what
is an oppressive examination.” In this connection, counsel relied upon the
views of the first instance judge in _Thomson Plaza Pte Ltd v The Liquidators
of Yaohan Department Store Pte Ltd_ [2001] 3 SLR 248 who expressed the view
that his decision to dismiss an application, made in a winding up proceeding,
against the rejection of a proof of debt by a liquidator was a final order.
However, this Court in that case declined to make a ruling on that point as it
was wholly unnecessary to do so. But there can be no doubt that there is a
clear difference in nature between the order there, of rejecting a proof of
debt, and the order in the present case, of requiring the appellant to appear
before the court to be examined as to the affairs of the company on account of
his being previously an officer of the company.

18 Reliance was also placed on the case of _Pac Asian Services Pte Ltd v
European Asian Bank AG_ [1987] SLR 1 which related to the appointment of
provisional liquidators and where the appeal was heard before a quorum of
three judges. With respect, this reliance is misplaced for three reasons.
First, in that case the issue of whether the order appointing the provisional
liquidators was an interlocutory or final order did not arise. Second, the
fact that the appeal was heard before a quorum of three judges did not
necessarily suggest that the order in question was a final order. Third, and
more importantly, at the time, there was no provision, like the present s
30(2) of the SCJA, which was enacted in 1993, allowing the Court of Appeal to
sit in relation to certain cases with a quorum of two judges.

19 The order of Tay JC simply meant that the examination of the appellant by
the court was to proceed. No substantive rights of the parties had been
determined.

**Judgment**

20 Accordingly, it is our opinion that the order of 3 December 2002 is an
interlocutory order. As Jumabhoy had not requested Tay JC to hear further
arguments, no appeal may be brought against that order. This is a question of
jurisdiction and is not a matter which could be waived by the parties. That
requirement is a condition precedent which had to be fulfilled before any
appeal may be brought against that decision: see _Rank Xerox_ at p 76 (where
the required leave was not obtained before the appeal was filed).

21 In the result, no appeal could be filed against the order of 3 December
2002. We direct that the present appeal be struck out. Parties are requested
to make their submission on costs within seven days hereof.

**Supplementary Judgments on Costs**

1 In our judgment dated 31 July 2003, in ruling on a preliminary
jurisdictional point, we held that the appeal was not properly brought and
should be struck out because the decision appealed against was an
interlocutory order and, pursuant to s 34(1)(c) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (SCJA), no appeal could be brought against that order unless an
application was made within seven days to the judge to hear further arguments
and he certified that he required no further argument. As the appellant had
not made such an application, no appeal could be brought against it. In the
judgment, we invited solicitors to make their submissions on costs before we
rule on it.

2 Under O 59 r 3(2) of the Rules of Court the general rule is that costs
should follow the event unless it appears to the court that in the
circumstances of the case some other order should be made. In _Soon Peng Yam &
Chan Ah Kow v Maimoon bte Ahmad_ [1996] 2 SLR 609, this court further
clarified (at p 619) that in exercising this discretionary power “the
overriding concern of the court must be to exercise discretion to achieve the
fairest allocation of costs.”

3 In the present case, the costs issue can be looked at in two segments. The
first relates to the jurisdictional point and the second, the substantive
appeal. As far as the jurisdictional point is concerned, there can be no doubt
that costs on that question should go to the respondents and we so order.

4 As for the costs thrown away on account of the appeal being struck out,
counsel for the appellant made the point that the respondents should have,
very early in the day, filed a motion to strike out the appeal. She submitted
that their omission had resulted in unnecessary time and costs being expended.
She also argued that it was not unreasonable for the appellant to have thought
that the order in question was a final order and thus did not fall within s
34(1)(c).

5 It seems clear to us that under s 34(1)(c) the responsibility rests on the
party who wishes to appeal against the order made to apply for further
arguments. It is true that the respondents could have applied earlier to have
the appeal struck out. They did not do so presumably because the point did not
occur to them then. But as it was the duty of the appellant to comply with s
34(1)(c), we do not think it is right for him to shift the blame over to the
respondents, who did not bring the appeal process about.

6 However, counsel for the appellant has indicated to us that she has been
instructed to proceed afresh, though out of time, in order to comply with s
34(1)(c). If the appeal is allowed to be brought, albeit out of time, then the
costs incurred on the substantive appeal would not have been thrown away,
apart from disbursements. In the light of this, we make the following order:
if the appellant is subsequently allowed to file a fresh appeal against the
decision of 3 December 2002, we order that the respondents should only be
entitled to the disbursement component of the costs of the appeal which had
been struck out. However, if no appeal is allowed to be brought, then the
respondents shall be entitled to costs thrown away.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jul 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

