Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chinese Chamber Realty Pte Ltd and Others v Samsung Corp (No 2)  
[2003] SGHC 215

Case Number | : | Suit 428/2003, SIC 5392/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Latiff Ibrahim and Yeo Khung Chye (Harry Elias Partnership) for the plaintiffs; C.R. Rajah SC, Gerald Ng and Christine Lee (Wong & Leow LLC) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Chinese Chamber Realty Pte Ltd; China Square Holdings Private Limited; Church Street Properties Private Limited — Samsung Corp (No 2)   
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Defendants applying for stay of order
pending appeal on stay of proceedings – Whether circumstances warranted stay
of order  
  

1 This was an application by the defendant for a stay of the order made by
Rajendran J that they file their defence. This application was made on the
ground that the defendants have filed an appeal against the orders made by
Rajendran J. The facts relevant to this matter are more fully set out in the
grounds of judgement of Rajendran J dated 27 August 2003. But briefly, this
matter arose from the action filed in this suit by the plaintiffs.  The
defendants entered appearance but did not file its defence because it applied
for a stay of proceedings on account of an arbitration clause in the contract.
That application was heard by the assistant registrar on 28 May 2003. The
plaintiffs meanwhile applied for summary judgment. A procedural problem
emerged as follows. The defendants could not file a defence and still maintain
that they had not taken a step in the proceedings for the purposes of their
application for a stay of proceedings. The plaintiffs, on the other hand,
could not proceed with their application for summary judgment because after 1
December 2002 the Rules of Court provided that a plaintiff may only apply for
summary judgment after the defence had been filed. The assistant registrar
permitted the application for summary judgment to proceed. However, she made
an order deferring the defence until after the application for a stay of
proceedings had been disposed of. She further ordered that affidavit filed
pursuant to the O 14 application shall not be regarded as a step in the
action. The defendants filed an appeal against the orders of Rajendran J to
the Court of Appeal. In the meantime, they applied to me for a stay of the
orders of Rajendran J. Mr Latiff, counsel for the plaintiffs objected strongly
to the interim stay of the orders of Rajendran J.

2 Mr Latiff’s main objection was premised on the settled principle that an
appeal does not operate as a stay of execution. (see _Lee Sian Hee (t/a Lee
Sian Hee Pork Trader) v Oh Kheng Soon (t/a Ban Hong Trading Enterprise)_
[1992] 1 SLR 77). Counsel argued that the way he perceived the defendants’
case on appeal, the issue concerned the question whether the defence ought to
be filed, which concerned O 18 r 2, and would not be a dispute order O 14 r 1.
I do not think that that would be defendants’ entire case on appeal. It is
clear that the incongruity between O 14 r 1 and the rule prohibiting a party
from taking a further step in the action (in the case where that party has
applied to stay proceedings) must be reconciled. That would be the matter
before the Court of Appeal. It is indeed a novel situation and that is
sufficient to incline me to grant a stay of Rajendran J’s orders pending the
appeal to the Court of Appeal.

3 Mr Latiff also argued that ordinarily, ‘the successful party should not be
deprived of the fruits of his success’. I agree with that principle, but fruit
harvested before the rigour of trial is sometimes less valuable than that
harvested after. On the contrary, to correct errors at the interlocutory stage
is an important consideration, and part of that importance is the avoidance of
compounding the error by proceeding before the alleged fault at the
interlocutory stage can be adjudged to be in need of redress or rectification.
There are, of course, interlocutory matters which are comparatively trivial
and no substantial prejudice may arise by allowing the matter to proceed
before the hearing of the appeal. The case before me is not such a case. It
involves a novel point of procedure that affects not only the present parties
but others as well. Balancing the extent of prejudice between the parties, and
the balance of convenience, I am of the view that they lean in favour of a
stay of all proceedings pending the appeal which I am told, is due within a
month or two. If the defendants are right, then the plaintiffs would have no
right of having their summary judgment application before the court at all.

For the above reasons the orders of Rajendran J will be stayed pending appeal
before the Court of Appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

