Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Eng Guan Derek v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 303

Case Number | : | MA 67/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 December 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Irving Choh Thian Chee and Adrian Ng (Rajah and Tann) for appellant; Eddy Tham (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Lim Eng Guan Derek — Public Prosecutor   
  
Road Traffic – Offences – Failure to provide breath specimen without
reasonable excuse – Appellant claiming to have tried his best -- Whether
reasonable excuse – Sections 65 and 70(4) Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev
Ed)  
  

1 This was an appeal against conviction and sentence. The appellant, Lim Eng
Guan Derek (“Derek”), was convicted by District Judge Mark Tay after a full
trial on two charges: one under s 70(4) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 1997
Rev Ed) (“RTA”) for failing to provide a specimen of his breath for analysis
without reasonable excuse, and another under s 65 of the RTA for driving
without due care and attention.

2 Derek was fined $3,000 and disqualified from holding or obtaining all
classes of driving licences for a period of 24 months on the first charge. He
was fined $600 on the second charge.

**The prosecution’s version of facts**

3 On 23 June 2001, at about 3.00am, James Tan Chong Jin (“James”) was riding
on a motorcycle along Orchard Road. His pillion rider was his girlfriend, Loke
Siew Fong (“Siew Fong”). They were on their way to Newton Circus hawker centre
when they stopped at a traffic light at the junction of Orchard Road and
Buyong Road.

4 While waiting for the traffic light to change, their motorcycle was hit from
behind by a car driven by Derek. The impact caused James to jump off the
motorcycle, and Siew Fong to fall onto the road. The motorcycle fell onto the
road on its side.

5 Derek attempted to drive away from the scene of the accident, but was
prevented from doing so when James stood in front of his car. James asked
Derek if he wanted to settle the matter personally, as the motorcycle’s rear
utility box was cracked as a result of the collision, and the motorcycle
itself had sustained some scratches. Derek got out of the car and began to
shout vulgarities at James.

6 James observed that Derek’s speech was slurred and his movements were
unsteady. He decided to call the police. While James was calling the police,
three of his friends who had been waiting for him at Newton Circus hawker
centre arrived at the scene. Siew Fong had spoken to them on a handphone and
had informed them that she and James had been in an accident. One of the
friends stopped Derek from advancing towards James by physically restraining
him.

7 Two police officers, Corporal Arthur Chua Chiow Leng (“CPL Chua”) and Staff
Sergeant Muhamad Rafi Bin Abdul Bakar (“SSGT Muhamad”), arrived at the scene
of the accident a short while later. CPL Chua observed that the motorcycle was
lying on its side, and that there was minor damage on the rear portion near
the utility box. When he asked Derek whether his car had bumped into the rear
of the motorcycle, Derek refused to answer. Both police officers observed that
Derek was moving unsteadily, and that his breath smelled of alcohol.

8 SSGT Muhamad informed Derek that he was going to administer a mobile
breathalyser test. Derek was uncooperative and aggressive. He repeatedly asked
“do you know who I am” to the police officers. He insisted on calling his
lawyer before taking the test. He also mentioned the names of certain senior
police officers, stating that he knew them, while the breathalyser test was
being administered.

9 Derek took three attempts before he managed to give an adequate breath
specimen. The mobile breathalyser gave a ‘red’ result, which meant that Derek
had failed the test. He was arrested for suspected drunken driving and brought
to Traffic Police Headquarters for a Breath Evidential Analysis (“BEA”) test.

10 By the time Derek was brought to Traffic Police Headquarters, he had soiled
his pants. Staff Sergeant Suliah bte Kadiman (“SSGT Suliah”), a trained
breathalyser operator, was tasked to carry out Derek’s BEA test. She realised
that he stank of faeces, and allowed him to go to the toilet to wash up before
administering the test.

11 SSGT Suliah explained the procedures for the BEA test to Derek, and the
consequences of failing to provide a breath specimen without reasonable
excuse. She ascertained that he had no health problems and was capable of
providing the breath specimen. Derek took the test three times. Each time, he
gave short quick blows into the BEA machine mouthpiece, instead of following
SSGT Suliah’s instructions to take a deep breath and to give a sustained blow.
After the third attempt, SSGT Suliah informed Derek that he had failed to
provide a sufficient specimen and that he would be referred for bail to be
offered. Derek became angry and said that he knew the Deputy Commissioner of
Police, Goh Liang Kwang.

12 During the trial below, the workshop superintendent of CET Technology Pte
Ltd, one Victor Khaw (“Victor”), gave evidence on the operation of the BEA
machine and the handheld mobile breathalyser. CET Technology had maintained
and repaired such equipment for the Singapore Police Force for at least five
years. Victor’s evidence was that it is actually more difficult to provide a
sufficient breath specimen for the mobile breathalyser, as opposed to the BEA
machine. He opined that a person who managed to provide a breath specimen on
the mobile breathalyser should have no problem doing so for the BEA machine.
He also confirmed that the BEA machine operated by SSGT Suliah was
serviceable, being operational and in good working condition.

**The defence’s version of facts**

13 Derek’s defence was that the accident never took place. He had stopped his
car behind James’s motorcycle at the traffic junction, and had flashed his
headlights because the motorcycle did not ride off when the light changed to
‘green’. This caused James and Siew Fong to get off from the motorcycle and to
confront him in his car. James kicked the front of the car and banged his fist
against the side window. Derek tried to pacify James by apologising for
flashing his headlights at him, and explained that he did so only to indicate
that the traffic light had changed.

14 James continued to be aggressive and shouted vulgarities at Derek. He tried
to make Derek pay for fictitious damage done to the motorcycle, while Siew
Fong threatened to accuse him of molest if he did not pay. Being a principled
person, Derek refused to pay. When James’ three friends arrived at the scene,
Derek was physically assaulted by one of them. He was grabbed by the throat
and pinned against his car.

15 When the police officers arrived, Derek complained to them that he had been
assaulted. However, the officers were only concerned with the alleged accident
and the possibility that he was intoxicated. Derek admitted that he had been
drinking prior to the incident. However, he had only had one glass of wine and
was not intoxicated. He was agitated by the police officers’ lack of
assistance and concern. His agitation, combined with fear for his personal
safety, caused him to soil his pants.

16 Derek claimed that he had had a reasonable excuse for not providing a
sufficient breath specimen during the BEA test. He was suffering from Acute
Stress Disorder. This was caused by the trauma of the incident, as well as his
discomfort from having soiled his pants. He had tried his best to perform the
BEA test, but was simply unable to do so. Each time he tried to provide a
breath specimen, he ran out of breath.

17 A consultant psychiatrist, one Dr Lionel Lim Chee Chiong (“Dr Lim”),
testified that Derek was suffering from Acute Stress Disorder at the material
time. Dr Lim examined Derek some 19 months after the accident. He opined that
Derek’s Acute Stress Disorder had impaired his ability to complete the BEA
test successfully. Dr Lim’s opinion was not challenged by the prosecution.

**The decision below**

18 The district judge rejected Derek’s contention that there was no accident,
and rejected his defence of reasonable excuse. He convicted Derek, fined him a
total of $3,600 and disqualified him from driving all classes of vehicles for
two years.

**The issues on appeal**

18 Derek brought up several arguments on appeal. I found these arguments
unmeritorious and dismissed the appeal accordingly.

_The factual question of whether there had been an accident_

19 Derek challenged the finding of fact below that there had been an accident
between his car and the motorcycle. He claimed that the motorcycle could not
have fallen to the ground in the manner described by the prosecution, because
scratches were only found on the motorcycle’s rear utility box and not on the
motorcycle itself. I found this argument to be without merit. It disregarded
the fact that the rear utility box of a motorcycle is quite large, as it is
often the only viable means of carrying items on a motorcycle. As such, it was
entirely possible that it was the utility box which hit the ground the hardest
when the motorcycle fell onto its side, and was consequently the portion which
sustained the most visible damage.

20 Moreover, the judge gave an exhaustive account of the evidence which
supported his finding of fact that an accident had taken place. The
testimonies of the two police officers largely corroborated the evidence of
James and Siew Fong. The judge also found that the police officers were
independent witnesses who had no incentive to lie. Photographs had been taken
of the damage done to the motorcycle and submitted to the traffic police
within a day of the accident. Furthermore, Derek had steadfastly refused to
answer the police officers’ questions about the accident, and instead
continued to complain that he had been physically assaulted.

21 In his grounds of decision, the judge held that Derek’s claims of extortion
and threatened molest were spurious and malicious allegations not borne out by
the evidence. He also found no merit in Derek’s complaint that the police
officers had ignored his allegations of assault. In fact, there was no attempt
by the police to brush aside the alleged assault, as the matter was
subsequently referred to the Attorney-General’s Chambers and a stern warning
was administered to the assailant.

22 Given these circumstances, I saw no reason to disturb the judge’s finding
that there had been an accident, and that Derek had therefore committed an
offence under s 65 of the RTA. This was a finding of fact which hinged on the
judge’s assessment of the credibility of the witnesses. It is trite law that
an appellate court will be slow to interfere with such a finding: _Yap Giau
Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656.

_The issue of ‘reasonable excuse’_

23 On the issue of Derek’s failure to provide a breath specimen for BEA
analysis, the judge accepted that a medical condition such as Acute Stress
Disorder could in certain situations constitute a reasonable excuse under s 70
of the RTA. He followed the approach taken by this Court in _Madiaalakan s/o
Muthusamy v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 4 SLR 618. However, he held that even if
Derek was suffering from a stress disorder at the material time, it did not
render him incapable of providing an adequate breath specimen. As such, he had
no ‘reasonable excuse’ within the meaning of s 70 of the RTA.

24 In my opinion, the evidence fully supported the judge’s finding on this
point. It was not disputed that Derek was under considerable stress at the
time the BEA test was administered. He had been involved in a traffic accident
and had been arrested by the police. Moreover, he had soiled his pants and had
to endure the stench of his own faeces until he was told to wash up by SSGT
Suliah.

25 Nevertheless, I found no merit in Derek’s contention that he was mentally
incapable of providing an adequate breath specimen. He claimed that he was
traumatised at the material time. However, the evidence showed that he
displayed considerable mental clarity. He was alert, aggressive and
uncooperative. He repeatedly said “do you know who am I” and brought up the
names of senior police officers in an attempt to influence the relatively
junior officers whom he was dealing with. He even had the presence of mind to
call his lawyer before agreeing to undergo the mobile breathalyser test.

26 Similarly, I found no merit to Derek’s contention that he was physically
incapable of providing an adequate breath specimen. After all, he was able to
produce a sufficient breath specimen for the mobile breathalyser test
administered at the scene of the accident by SSGT Muhamad. It was not disputed
that, when compared with the BEA breathalyser, the mobile breathalyser
actually required Derek to provide a much larger volume of air in order to
obtain a reading.

_The defence of an accused who has tried his best_

27 Derek argued that he had tried his best to provide an adequate breath
specimen, but had failed to do so because of his stress disorder. He relied on
the case of _Cotgrove v Cooney_ [1987] RTR 124 to show that his having tried
his best would amount to a reasonable excuse under s 70 of the RTA.

28 In my opinion, _Cotgrove v Cooney_ was of no assistance to Derek as it was
very different from the present appeal. In that case, the police officer
administering the breathalyser test testified that the accused had tried his
utmost to provide an adequate breath specimen. By contrast, SSGT Suliah did
not give any such testimony in Derek’s favour. In fact, she expressly stated
in her oral evidence that Derek did not perform the BEA test properly.

29 An accused is not entitled to circumvent s 70 of the RTA by simply saying:
“I tried my best, but I just couldn’t do it”. The question of whether an
accused has tried his best is to be determined by the court: _Madiaalakan s/o
Muthusamy v Public Prosecutor_. It must be based on a strict and meticulous
examination of the facts. In the present case, the only evidence that Derek
had tried his best was his own assertion that he had done so. Such a bare
assertion could not establish a reasonable excuse under s 70 of the RTA.

_Dr Lim’s expert evidence_

30 One question that arose in this case was whether Dr Lim’s expert evidence
was supported by basic facts. The judge below held that the court would accept
unchallenged expert evidence if it was based on solid grounds and supported by
basic facts: _Saeng-Un Udom v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 1. However, he found that Dr
Lim’s expert evidence could not establish a reasonable excuse as it was based
on flawed facts provided by Derek himself. He put little weight on Dr Lim’s
report, and found that Derek was not suffering from Acute Stress Disorder to
the extent that it impaired his ability to perform the BEA test.

31 On appeal, Derek argued that the judge dismissed Dr Lim’s report too
casually. He claimed that the facts could not have been flawed as they were
the same facts which he testified to during the trial below. There was
absolutely no merit to this argument. The fact that Derek furnished the same
version of events during the trial did not make his evidence unimpeachable.

32 The judge was thus fully entitled to put little weight on Dr Lim’s expert
evidence as it was based on flawed facts. In the first place, Dr Lim’s
assessment was hardly contemporaneous. It was made some 19 months after the
accident. Moreover, it was based exclusively on the version of events provided
by Derek, such as his alleged feeling of helplessness caused when the police
officers refused to address his complaint that he had been assaulted. After
hearing all of the witnesses, the judge found that Derek’s version of events
was unreliable. He was therefore entitled to reject Dr Lim’s opinion as it was
based on facts which were not consistent with the facts which he had found to
be accurate during the trial: see _Sek Kim Wah v Public Prosecutor_ [1988] 1
MLJ 348.

**The sentence was not manifestly excessive**

33 I found that the sentences imposed on Derek were not manifestly excessive.
The usual tariff for an offender who pleaded guilty to an offence under s
70(4)(a) of the RTA is about $2,500, and a disqualification from driving all
vehicles for 18 to 24 months. Derek was convicted after a full trial, and thus
his fine of $3,000 and disqualification for 24 months was hardly excessive.
The usual tariff for an offence under s 65 of the RTA is a fine between $500
and $1000, with discretionary disqualification. As such, Derek’s fine of $600
was clearly not excessive.

**Conclusion**

34**** Ordinarily, this would have been a fairly straightforward traffic case.
What made this case unusual was Derek’s insistence on trumpeting his purported
importance and influence to the various police officers whom he was dealing
with. Perhaps he was proud of his status as a senior vice-president and head
of the consumer loans department at a major local bank. Nevertheless, it did
him no good to trumpet the names of senior police officers and to repeatedly
ask the police officers dealing with him if they knew who he was. In my
opinion, a person in Derek’s position really should have known better.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Dec 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

