Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Teo Yeow Chuah  
[2003] SGHC 306

Case Number | : | CC 26/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 December 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jaswant Singh and Terence Tay (Attorney-General's Chambers) for prosecution; S S Dhillon (Dhillon Dendroff and Partners) [briefed] and Chen Chee Yen (Tan Peng Chin LLC) [assigned] for accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Teo Yeow Chuah   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Particulars – Whether charge must
state fact of death penalty where capital punishment was involved – Whether
accused was aware he was facing capital punishment.  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Statements – Admissibility – Whether
accused's long statements were fabricated – Whether accused's long statements
accurately represented what he had said – Whether accused suffering from
withdrawal symptoms when statement pursuant to s 122(6) Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) was taken.  
  

**Introduction**

1 The accused Teo Yeow Chuah was charged with various offences under the
Misuse of Drugs Act, Cap 185. The prosecution proceeded on the first charge
which read:

That you, Teo Yeow Chuah, on or about the 29th day of January 2003, at about
7.30 p.m., at the rooftop outside unit #04-01 Fragrance Court, No. 12 Yew
Siang Road, Singapore, did traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class ‘A’
of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, by
having in your possession for the purpose of trafficking, 2 big packets and 89
small packets of substance containing not less than 55.29 grams of diamorphine
at the said place, without any authorisation under the said Act or the
regulations made thereunder, and you have thereby committed an offence under
section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter
185, and punishable under section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act.

**Evidence for the prosecution regarding the arrest of the accused**

2 The evidence for the prosecution was that on 29 January 2003, officers from
the Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) were instructed to conduct a surveillance
on the accused who was known to be driving a gold-coloured BMW bearing
registration number SBR 4X. The accused did not own this car and I will refer
to it as "SBR 4X". The CNB had received information that the accused and one
Lee Siong Lim knew each other and drugs were stored at Fragrance Court (NE 312
to 314). Fragrance Court is a low-rise four-storey apartment block.

3 The accused’s address was Block 515 West Coast Road #12-527. On the way to
Block 515, the CNB officers spotted SBR 4X at an Esso petrol kiosk along West
Coast Road at about 3.30 pm.

4 At about 5.20 pm, the accused got into SBR 4X and drove off. The CNB
officers tailed him to a multi-storey carpark at Block 10 Everton
Road/Cantonment Close. The accused parked at deck 2B and proceeded to Block 16
and took a lift upstairs. A while later, he came down with another person
(later ascertained to be one Lim Beng Wah) and they walked towards the multi-
storey carpark. At a staircase of the multi-storey carpark, the CNB officers
arrested the accused and Lim.

5 The accused was searched and the CNB officers recovered, inter alia, the
following items:

(a) Cash of $2,115

(b) One red packet containing cash of $12

(c) One “Nokia” 8250 handphone

(d) One “Nokia” 8850 handphone

(e) One bunch of six keys with a “Secura” type key

(f) One “Louis Vuitton” wallet containing, inter alia, cash of $152

(g) One plastic bag containing jeans and cargo pants

(h) One car key with remote control

(i) A “Marlboro” cigarette box which contained:

(i) a sachet of heroin

(ii) a straw of heroin

(iii) a rolled-up piece of paper, and

(iv) a piece of tin foil

(see Photo P31).

6 Station Inspector (“SI”) Ang Oon Tho, also known as Jimmy Ang, then
questioned the accused in Hokkien as to whether he had any drugs in SBR 4X.
The accused admitted he had drugs which were at the driver’s door. The accused
was then brought to SBR 4X and ten sachets of heroin wrapped in paper were
recovered from the side pocket of the driver’s door. An “Elsema” remote
control was also recovered from the car. The accused said this was for opening
the main gate to Fragrance Court.

7 The CNB officers then escorted the accused to Fragrance Court. They arrived
there at about 7.30 pm. The accused led the CNB officers to the unit at
#04-01. On entering the unit, SI Ang asked the accused whether there was any
drug inside his bedroom and he replied “No”. The accused led the CNB officers
to his bedroom which was on the second level of #04-01. I will refer to his
bedroom as "the Bedroom". The door to the Bedroom was not locked.

8 SI Ang then conducted a search of the Bedroom and found the following:

_Inside, but at the top, of the wardrobe (see the location marked B in Photo
7)_

(a) A white plastic bag containing some empty sachets

(b) A red plastic bag containing some rubber gloves

(c) an empty sealer box

_Inside a drawer beneath the platform bed_

(d) a plastic container and spoon believed to be stained with heroin

_On the floor_

(e) A “Ghostbusters” magazine with several pages missing.

9 Thereafter SI Ang climbed out of the Bedroom through a window which had no
lock and which led to the rooftop of Fragrance Court. He searched the rooftop
and found a knotted black plastic bag (which is sometimes referred to as a
trash bag). This plastic bag was found almost at one end of the rooftop behind
a pillar. It was below the eves of a tiled roof. It was found at a location
marked ‘A’ (see Photo P3 and P4 and the sketch plan, P33, drawn by Staff
Sergeant Chua Yue Meng).

10 Inside the plastic bag was a black Oakley sports bag (see Photo P14 and
P15). The zip of the Oakley bag was secured with a padlock.

11 SI Ang then brought the plastic bag with the Oakley bag into the Bedroom
and showed these items to the accused. When questioned, the accused admitted
that the Oakley bag belonged to him.

12 SI Ang's conditioned statement (paragraph 15) stated that he had asked the
accused for the key to the padlock securing the zip of the Oakley bag and the
accused informed him that the key was among the bunch of six keys recovered
from him earlier. SI Ang then recollected and brought out the bunch of six
keys seized from the accused earlier and he then tried the keys in turn until
one of them opened the padlock.

13 After the padlock was opened, the contents of the Oakley bag were checked
in the presence of the accused. They were:

_Main compartment_

(a) A bundle of substance wrapped in paper. The substance was believed to be
heroin.

(b) A “Soda” brand plastic bag containing two bundles of substance wrapped in
paper. The substance was believed to contain heroin.

(c) An “M1” brand paper bag containing:

(i) Eight packets, each containing ten sachets of substance wrapped in paper.
The substance was believed to be heroin.

(ii) One packet containing nine sachets of substance wrapped in paper. The
substance was believed to be heroin.

(d) A white plastic bag containing:

(i) A brown envelope containing a weighing scale

(ii) A black plastic bag containing a second weighing scale

(iii) A blue-colour bag containing a third weighing scale

(e) A sealer

_Side pocket_

(f) A metal spoon

(g) A pincer

(h) A cutter

(i) Some empty sachets

(j) Some empty plastic bags

(k) A roll of scotch tape

(l) A plastic container

(m) A pair of pliers

(n) A blade

(o) A white envelope containing three yellow-colour and one blue-colour tablet
believed to be “Ecstasy”.

14 SI Ang said he questioned the accused about the ownership of the drugs and
items found in the Oakley bag. The accused admitted that the drugs and items
all belonged to him.

15 Then, at about 8 pm, SI Ang asked the accused a few questions. At this
time, Mandarin was used. The questions and answers were recorded in SI Ang’s
pocket book in Chinese with an English translation. The English translation
read:

Q1: All the “Peh Hoon” found in your body belong to whom

A1: Mine

Q2: The 10 sachets of “Peh Hoon” found inside your vehicle belong to whom

A2: Mine

Q3: The 10 sachets of “Peh Hoon” is for what purpose

A3: For my own consumption

Q4: All the “Peh Hoon” found inside the bedroom belong to whom

A4: Mine

Q5: How much “Peh Hoon” are there

A5: About 4 bundle

Q6: All the “Peh Hoon” is for what purpose

A6: For selling

Q7: Who is the male Chinese in red T-shirt

A7: Ah Siong

Q8: Does “Ah Siong” related to the drugs found inside the room

A8: No related

Q9: What relationship you and “Ah Siong”

A9: Friend

Q10: Did you sell “Peh Hoon” to “Ah Siong”

A10: Yes

Q11: When is the last time you sold “Peh Hoon” to “Ah Siong”

A11: Yesterday

Q12: How many sachets

A12: Twenty

Q13: How much

A13: Five hundred per sachet

16 The accused denied that his answers to Questions 4 and 6 were made
voluntarily and so a voir dire or trial within a trial was conducted to
determine the admissibility of these answers.

**The Voir Dire (Trial within a trial)**

17 The accused claimed that his answers to Questions 4 and 6 were the result
of a threat or inducement.

18 Prior to the recording of the accused’s statement, he was brought to the
door of the Bedroom and asked to identify a person who had been arrested. This
was his friend Lee Siong Lim, also known as Ah Siong. From the accused's long
statements, which I will come to subsequently, Ah Siong is also known as
Roger. I will refer to this person as "Ah Siong" or "Roger". Ah Siong was at
the first floor of the unit in the living room and he was handcuffed, as was
the accused.

19 Also, prior to the recording of the accused’s statement, SI Ang had asked
one of the officers, Sgt Jack Foo, to leave the Bedroom leaving only S/Sgt
Tony Ng, SI Ang and the accused in the Bedroom.

20 When SI Ang was giving evidence for the voir dire, the accused’s position
was as follows. When Question 4 was asked, the accused had hesitated and
looked at SI Ang because Question 4 was “All the “Peh Hoon” found inside the
bedroom belong to whom” whereas in fact no drugs were found inside the
Bedroom. Then, SI Ang said to the accused “All the "Peh Hoon” in the bedroom
is yours right?” in a threatening manner. The accused again looked at SI Ang
and had a confused expression. SI Ang then told him that he had already
admitted to the drugs in the first three questions and if he did not admit to
those in the Bedroom, SI Ang would also charge everybody who had been to the
Bedroom. SI Ang also told the accused that the accused had earlier seen Ah
Siong handcuffed and threatened to charge Ah Siong, Ah Siong’s wife, the
accused’s girlfriend and the accused’s entire family if the accused did not
admit that the heroin in the Oakley bag belonged to him. The accused then
responded, “OK, it’s mine” (NE 261 to 264).

21 SI Ang denied:

(a) that the accused had hesitated or showed any confused expression,

(b) that he (SI Ang) had said that all the “Peh Hoon” in the Bedroom was the
accused’s,

(c) that he had told the accused that he had already admitted to the drugs in
the first three questions and if the accused did not admit to the drugs in the
Bedroom, he would charge everyone who had been to the Bedroom,

(d) he had told the accused he had earlier seen Ah Siong handcuffed and
threatened to charge Ah Siong, Ah Siong’s wife, the accused’s girlfriend and
the accused’s entire family if the accused did not admit that the heroin in
the Oakley bag belonged to him, and

(e) that, in response to SI Ang’s threat, the accused said, “OK, it’s mine”

(NE 261 to 264).

22 However, SI Ang accepted that in fact no drugs were found in the Bedroom.
He explained that he meant to refer to the drugs found on the rooftop which
had since been brought into the Bedroom and he had pointed to the Oakley bag
when he asked Question 4 (NE 264 to 265). Accordingly, the accused knew that
SI Ang was referring to the drugs in the Oakley bag.

23 As for the answer to Question 6, the accused’s position was that when the
question was posed to him, he again hesitated. SI Ang then said, “So much of
‘Peh Hoon’, must be for selling. Don’t tell me it is not for selling”. The
accused then replied, “OK, for selling”.

24 Again, SI Ang denied:

(a) that the accused had hesitated before answering Question 6,

(b) that he (SI Ang) had suggested that the ‘Peh Hoon’ must be for selling,
and

(c) that the accused had responded “OK, for selling”

(NE 275).

25 SI Ang had also said that it was his superior ASP Xavier Lek who had called
him to instruct him to see if the accused could identify Ah Siong and this
instruction was received before he recorded the statement of the accused.
Accordingly, he did as he was instructed (NE 256 and 257). On this point, ASP
Xavier Lek gave evidence which corroborated SI Ang’s evidence that it was ASP
Xavier Lek who had instructed SI Ang to see if the accused could identify Ah
Siong and it was he who instructed SI Ang to record a statement from the
accused after Ah Siong had been identified (NE 307 to 308, 315 to 316).

26 In addition, SI Ang said he did not know whether the accused’s parents were
still living or whether the accused had siblings or a girlfriend although he
knew that Ah Siong had a wife (NE 279 to 280).

27 Staff Sergeant Tony Ng Tze Chiang also gave evidence. He was in the Bedroom
guarding the accused when the accused’s statement was recorded by SI Ang.
S/Sgt Tony Ng confirmed that the questions and answers were in Mandarin which
he (S/Sgt Tony Ng) understood. He could not recall the exact questions and
answers nor each and every detail of the recording session but the accused was
acting normally and SI Ang’s tone of voice was normal as well (NE 291 to 292,
298 and 302). He said that SI Ang did not threaten the accused during the
session nor tell the accused that his girlfriend, Ah Siong's wife and the
accused’s entire family would be charged if he did not admit to a particular
question (NE 291 to 292). He accepted that he was not observing the accused
throughout the recording (NE 303).

28 The accused was the only witness for the defence in respect of the voir
dire. He left school when he was ten years old and had fended for himself
since (NE 350). He referred to Ah Siong as a friend (NE 323) and then a good
friend, (NE 324) and also, a close friend (NE 372). They had known each other
for a couple of years (NE 324). He confirmed that when he was brought to the
Bedroom, a search was conducted of the Bedroom. Thereafter, SI Ang climbed out
of the window of the Bedroom and subsequently returned with the Oakley bag
inside the plastic bag. SI Ang asked him some questions and he had said that
the Oakley bag was his. He denied that he had told SI Ang that the key to the
padlock was among the six keys seized. SI Ang then opened the Oakley bag and
took out its contents and showed them to the accused, as wrapped (NE 327 to
329). Then SI Ang brought him to the entrance of the Bedroom to identify Ah
Siong who was downstairs in the living room and was handcuffed. He said he did
not know why Ah Siong was shown to him for identification (NE 346, 347 and
363). The accused was then brought back into the Bedroom. Previously there
were two other officers in the Bedroom, besides SI Ang and S/Sgt Tony Ng. One
had left the Bedroom earlier and the other, Sgt Jack Foo, was asked by SI Ang
to leave before the recording of the accused’s statement. SI Ang then began
recording the accused’s statement and the remaining officer S/Sgt Tony Ng took
no part in this exercise (NE 333).

29 The accused said that when Question 4 was posed to him, he stared at SI Ang
blankly because no drugs were found in his Bedroom (NE 335). He did not
initially realise that SI Ang was asking about the drugs in the Oakley bag (NE
365). SI Ang then told him that since he had already admitted to the first
three questions, it was better for him to admit to Question 4 as well. SI Ang
added that if the accused did not admit to Question 4, he would charge Ah
Siong, Ah Siong's wife, the accused’s girlfriend, his family as well as those
who had come to the unit at Fragrance Court (NE 337). The accused then
replied, “All right, OK, it’s mine”.

30 The accused claimed that when SI Ang posed Question 4 to him and told him
he might as well admit to it and threatened him about charging others, he (the
accused) was very confused and afraid because he did not know what SI Ang was
referring to as no drugs were found in his Bedroom. SI Ang was fierce and he
was very frightened (NE 337). However, he also said that when he gave his
response, he knew that SI Ang was referring to the drugs in the Oakley bag (NE
375, 383 and 385). He also said that when he gave his response, he did so as
he was the one who consumes drugs and he did not want the drugs to implicate
his family and friends. He said he believed SI Ang would charge others as SI
Ang was a policeman (NE 337 to 338).

31 As for Question 6, the accused said that when this question was asked, he
just stared blankly and SI Ang then told him that as so much heroin was found,
it must definitely be for sale. SI Ang told him not to tell SI Ang otherwise
and the accused replied by saying that they were for sale. He said he was
still very confused and frightened that his family would be implicated. SI Ang
was still very fierce (NE 343). After the statement was recorded, the accused
was lying on the bed but was not asleep as he was craving for drugs (NE 379,
see also 704).

32 In submission, the defence sought to make much out of the fact that the
accused was shown Ah Siong before his statement was recorded. The suggestion
was that this was done so that the sight of Ah Siong being handcuffed would
remain in the accused’s mind to intimidate him into giving such answers as SI
Ang wanted from him. Accordingly, the accused did feel threatened when SI Ang
subsequently uttered the threat to charge everyone and in particular Ah Siong,
Ah Siong’s wife, the accused’s girlfriend and his entire family and all else
who had been to #04-01 at Fragrance Court.

33 I was mindful that certain aspects of SI Ang's evidence were not
satisfactory. He had said he could remember every question and answer for the
arrests he was involved in between January 2003 to July 2003. He could also
remember the questions he had posed for the last 23 years he had been with CNB
(NE 224). It seemed to me that that was a gross exaggeration. However, the
accuracy of his notes was not in question and also I considered his evidence
in totality. I also considered the evidence of ASP Xavier Lek, S/Sgt Tony Ng
and the accused, as well as the background circumstances leading to the
accused's responses to Questions 4 and 6.

34 It was clear to me that when SI Ang posed Question 4, the accused knew that
SI Ang was referring to the drugs in the Oakley bag which had since been
brought into the Bedroom from the rooftop outside. I did not believe that the
accused did not know what SI Ang was referring to initially or that the
accused stared blankly at SI Ang when Question 4 was posed to him. It was
clear to me that the accused was seeking to take undue advantage of the manner
in which Question 4 was framed.

35 I also did not accept that SI Ang even uttered the threat suggested or that
the accused had been frightened by it. There was no reason for SI Ang to utter
the threat because the accused had not yet denied that the drugs in the Oakley
bag belonged to him. Up to the time just before Question 4 was asked, the
accused had been co-operative, a point which the defence itself had stressed.
He had already admitted readily that the drugs found in one of his trouser
pockets and in SBR 4X were his.

36 Secondly, SI Ang did not even know that the accused had a girlfriend or
whether the accused’s family was still alive and who comprised the family. How
then could he have mentioned the accused’s girlfriend and family in the
threat?

37 Besides, unlike the case of _Poh Kay Keong v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 209, the
drugs in the Oakley bag were not found in premises occupied by any member of
the accused’s family, or occupied by Ah Siong for that matter. Indeed, no
drugs were found at the accused's mother’s residence at West Coast Road and to
the best of the accused’s knowledge, no one else in his family consumed drugs
(NE 368). So he would not have expected drugs to be found in any of the homes
of his siblings. Taking this into account, and the accused's demeanour in
court, I was of the view that the accused would not have been intimidated even
if the threat had been made.

38 As for the accused’s identification of Ah Siong, it was clear to me that
the defence had been trying to make too much out of it. In the first place, SI
Ang undertook the identification exercise on the instructions of ASP Xavier
Lek. Unless the defence was suggesting that ASP Xavier Lek had planned or
conspired with SI Ang to put pressure on the accused, the exercise of
identifying Ah Siong before the accused’s statement was taken was quite
innocent. On this point, I noted that while Mr S S Dhillon, Counsel for the
defence, sought to question ASP Lek as to why he had given such an
instruction, Mr Dhillon stopped short of making the suggestion I have
mentioned. Besides, even the accused said he did not know why he was asked to
identify Ah Siong (NE 346, 347 and 363). The accused did not suggest that Ah
Siong was shown to him in order to intimidate him. There was also no
suggestion by Mr Dhillon to SI Ang or S/Sgt Tony Ng that the accused had
become intimidated after he was shown Ah Siong in handcuffs.

39 Although the defence also sought to make something out of the fact that SI
Ang asked Sgt Jack Foo to leave the Bedroom before the statement was recorded,
the fact of the matter was that there was still one other officer present i.e.
S/Sgt Tony Ng who was guarding the accused. Indeed, I was impressed by the
honest answers from S/Sgt Tony Ng. Initially, some changes in his evidence
made him appear an unreliable witness but it gradually became apparent that he
was changing his evidence to be as accurate as he could when he realised his
earlier evidence might have given the wrong impression. As I have said, he
admitted candidly that he could not remember every question and answer exactly
nor was he observing the accused all the time throughout the recording of his
responses to SI Ang's questions. However, he maintained that SI Ang did not
make the alleged threat to the accused about charging the accused's girlfriend
and others. I also accepted his evidence that SI Ang's tone of voice was
normal instead of the accused's evidence that SI Ang was fierce.

40 Lastly, although the accused said that he subsequently realised the drugs
in the Oakley bag caused him to face a capital charge, he did not complain
about the alleged threat to any other police officer. The accused's reason for
this omission was that he felt that he would not be believed. He said he told
his cell-mate and his lawyer about it but no evidence was given to establish
that he did do so at the earliest opportunity.

41 In all the circumstances, I was satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt that
the accused’s answers to Questions 4 and 6 had been given voluntarily and I
ruled accordingly.

**Other evidence for the Prosecution**

42 It was not disputed that the Oakley bag contained, inter alia, the
following:

(a) One plastic wrapper marked A2a containing one big packet (or bundle) of
white powdery substance marked A2ad. The white powdery substance did not
contain diamorphine, as was initially thought before the results of an
analysis was known. It turned out to be caffeine.

(b) A black or dark grey SODA bag marked A2b which contained 2 big packets (or
bundles) of substance believed to be and later ascertained to contain
diamorphine.

(c) An M1 bag marked A2c which contained nine small packets wrapped with
magazine paper. Eight of these packets contained 10 sachets, each, of
substance and the 9th contained nine sachets. The total number of sachets was
89. The substance was later ascertained to contain diamorphine.

(d) A white plastic bag marked A2e containing one brown paper bag, one digital
weighing scale bag and one plastic bag. Three digital weighing scales were
found in these bags.

(e) A sealer marked A2f.

43 As I have mentioned, an empty sealer box was found at the top of the
wardrobe in the Bedroom (see para 8(c) above). The sealer box was of the
Impulse brand. It was not disputed that the sealer found in the Oakley bag
could fit into this sealer box and was also of the Impulse brand.

44 The prosecution adduced an analyst's evidence of the diamorphine content
and weight of the substance found in the 2 big packets and 89 sachets
mentioned in paragraphs 42(b) and (c) above. The weight and content were 55.9
grams of diamorphine, which was the subject of the charge. This aspect of the
charge was not disputed.

45 I would add that after the voir dire, SI Ang accepted that one part of
paragraph 15 of his conditioned statement was not correct. He had not tried
the six keys in turn to find out which would open the padlock to the Oakley
bag because the accused had told him the three identical small keys would do
so (NE 478 to 482). Also, S/Sgt Tony Ng added that while he thought the
accused had been sleeping while lying on the bed with his eyes closed, the
accused might not have been in fact sleeping (NE 515 to 516).

46 The Investigating Officer ("IO") was Inspector Abdul Halim Bin Abdul
Rahman. His evidence was that at about 1.45 am on 30 January 2003 at CNB's
office, he weighed all the drugs seized from the accused's body, from SBR 4X
and from the Oakley bag in the presence of the accused. He then did the
following together with the help of an interpreter Tan Chee Leong. At about
5.16 am of 30 January 2003, he read and explained a typed-written charge of
trafficking in diamorphine to the accused. He then wrote out the charge by
hand, read and explained it to the accused. I will refer to each of these
charges as "the s 122(6) charge". Each time the accused acknowledged that he
understood the charge and appended his signature below the charge. The IO then
proceeded to read out the Notice of Warning under s 122(6) to the accused and
the accused again said he understood the Notice and appended his signature
below it. A copy of the Notice of Warning was then served on the accused who
acknowledged receipt by signing on the original.

47 The s 122(6) charge read:

You,

TEO YEOW CHUAH, MALE/30 YEARS

NRIC NO : S7237580-G

are charged that you, on or about the 29th day of January 2003 at about 7.30
pm, at the rooftop outside unit no : #04-01, No : 12, Fragrance Court, Yew
Siang Road, Singapore, did traffic in a controlled drug specified in _Class A_
to the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Cap 185, to wit, by having
in your possession for the purpose of trafficking, a black bag containing _3
big packets and 89 small packets believed to be diamorphine weighing about
1973.42 grams_ , at the aforesaid place, Singapore, without any authorisation
under the said Act or the regulations made thereunder and you have thereby
committed an offence under _Section 5(1)(a) read with Section 5(2)_ of the
said Act and punishable under Section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Cap 185.

48 The accused's s 122(6) statement was "I have nothing to say in relation to
the charge."

49 The IO said he could not remember the accused telling him that he was
feeling cold (NE 615). The IO denied that the accused was shocked when the s
122(6) charge was read to him or that he had told the accused he should know
what to do before the accused's s 122(6) statement was given (NE 580 and 615).

50 The IO also said that although the s 122(6) charge he had read out did not
specifically state that the offence was punishable with or attracted the death
penalty he had informed the accused that if, upon analysis, the drugs were
found to contain more than 15 grams of diamorphine and if the court found him
guilty, he would face the death penalty (NE 581 and 582). The IO could not
remember if he had told the accused categorically that he was facing the death
penalty but he disagreed that the accused was never informed of the
consequence of the charge, namely, the death penalty.

51 I would add that below the typed charge the IO had written the following:

The nature and consequence of the charge was explained to the accused in
Hokkien by Mr Bennett Tan. The accused affirmed he understood it.

The accused and the interpreter, who is also known as "Bennett", had signed
below this hand-written statement.

52 The accused gave three long statements which were recorded in a narrative
form. Two were given on 5 February 2003 and a third was given on 8 February
2003. The IO said that the recording sessions were in question and answer form
and the narration of the accused was in answer to the IO's questions. The IO
also said that while asking questions he might or might not have put forward
certain facts to the accused.

53 The IO did not agree that the accused was in a daze when his first long
statement was read to him (NE 605).

54 The interpreter Tan Chee Leong, also known as Bennett Tan, gave evidence
too. Although he could not remember specifically what was said by the IO to
the accused, given the lapse of some 8 or 9 months between the date of each
statement of the accused and the date he (Mr Tan) was giving evidence, he said
it was normal or standard practice for an IO to make known the prescribed
punishment to an accused person after a capital charge was read out (NE 644
and 645).

55 When the hand-written words, stating that the nature and consequence of the
charge was explained to the accused in Hokkien by Mr Tan, were drawn to Mr
Tan's attention, Mr Tan said that he told the accused that he was facing a
capital charge and would possibly face the death penalty if the purity of the
drugs was analysed to be 15 grams or above (NE 667).

56 Mr Tan also said that the long statements of the accused were in a question
and answer format before they were recorded down in a narrative form.

57 Mr Tan could not remember the accused telling the IO that he was feeling
cold or not well (NE 661). He also said that the accused appeared normal to
him and was not feeling any discomfort. If the accused had been unwell, this
would definitely have caught his attention (NE 665). He did not agree that the
accused was not paying attention when the first long statement was read back
to him (NE 666).

58 In the first two long statements, the accused gave details, inter alia, as
to:

(a) how he had picked up the drugs which were the subject of the charge before
me and transferred the drugs into the Oakley bag which he referred to as his
black sports bag;

(b) how he had packed the sachets (which he referred to as "packets") with
magazine paper.

59 The two long statements confirmed that he was the one who put the drugs
inside the Oakley bag and used a small padlock to lock it. He was also the one
who placed the Oakley bag at the rooftop after gaining access to the rooftop
through the window of the Bedroom. They also elaborated as to how he came to
rent the Bedroom and why i.e. the Bedroom offered him more privacy since he
was involved in illegal drug activities.

60 The third long statement said, at paragraph 34, that he seldom stayed at
the Bedroom. He only went there to pack or store drugs (heroin) and he never
brought any friend there except on one occasion when Roger (i.e. Ah Siong)
came to visit him on the eve of his arrest. I would add that heroin is the
street name for diamorphine.

61 There was also evidence from the main tenant of the unit at #04-01
Fragrance Court, one Wang Shu Zhen. She had initially rented a room to the
accused at the lower level and subsequently the Bedroom. She said she had
given him a key to the Bedroom. She was puzzled when cross-examined on this
point as in her mind when she rented out a room, a key to the room would be
given (NE 80). She said she was sure she had given the accused a key to the
Bedroom (NE 81), as well as a key to the iron grille gate of the unit.
However, when it was stressed to her during cross-examination that neither a
key to the Bedroom nor the key to the iron grille gate was found on the
accused, she said she could not recall clearly (NE 88).

62 There was also evidence from one of the occupants of the unit that he had
seen Ah Siong and a girl and also the accused and a girl at the unit (NE 39
and 40).

**Evidence of the Accused**

63 The accused was the only witness for the Defence.

64 He said that he initially rented a room on the first level of #04-01
Fragrance Court and subsequently the one on the second level i.e. the Bedroom.
The Bedroom was rented by him when his landlady, who was the main tenant of
#04-01, offered it to him at a rent lower than what he had been offered
previously as she wanted to rent out the room he had been occupying on the
first level to someone else. So, he agreed to rent the Bedroom after
discussion with his girlfriend Jessie Lim. He had rented a room at Fragrance
Court to spend time alone with his girlfriend who could not get along with his
mother with whom he was residing at Block 515 West Coast Road #12-527. They
would spend three to four days a week at the Bedroom. However, he claimed that
he was not given a key to the Bedroom although he had been given one for the
room on the first level, nor a key to the iron grille gate of the unit.
However, if he wanted to, he could lock the Bedroom from the inside by
pressing a button on the Bedroom door (NE 781).

65 The accused admitted that the drugs found on his body and in SBR 4X were
his. He said they were for his own consumption but if his friends required
some, he would sell them some (NE 683 and 684).

66 After the accused's arrest at Everton Close, he brought the CNB officers to
the unit and to the Bedroom which was not locked.

67 Thereafter the Bedroom was searched and no drugs were found therein.
However SI Ang Oon Tho then went to the rooftop and recovered the black
plastic bag which contained the Oakley bag which in turn contained the drugs I
have mentioned.

68 As the parties had agreed that the evidence for the voir dire be part of
the evidence at the main trial, I need not reiterate the accused's evidence as
to what he had told SI Ang about the Oakley bag and the drugs inside, or the
reason or reasons for what he had said.

69 It was not disputed that the magazine paper which was used to wrap the 9
packets which contained the 89 sachets came from a "Ghostbusters" magazine
lying on the floor in the Bedroom. However, the accused said that that
magazine was not his and it was already there when he moved up to the Bedroom.

70 The accused also said that he did not use the top cupboards as they were
quite high. It will be recalled that the sealer box, some empty sachets and
rubber gloves were found in one of the top cupboards.

71 After the search at Fragrance Court, the accused was brought to his
residence at West Coast Road and another search was conducted there. However,
no drugs or drug paraphernalia were found there.

72 The accused was then brought back to CNB office at Police Cantonment
Complex where the drugs were weighed in his presence one packet at a time. He
said that the IO did not say the weight of the drugs aloud nor was he told the
gross weight of all the drugs (NE 705).

73 However, the accused accepted that when the s 122(6) charge was read to
him, he was informed that it referred to 1973.42 grams of diamorphine.
Nevertheless, he asserted that neither the IO nor the interpreter had told him
he was facing the death penalty then. Neither was he informed of this before,
during or after the first long statement was recorded (NE 707, 708 and 728).
Likewise in respect of the second and third long statements (NE 744).

74 The accused explained that when he said he had nothing to say to the
charge, this was because he was shocked by the weight of the drugs as stated
in the charge. He did not admit to the charge (NE 708). The accused also said
he had been suffering from withdrawal symptoms (NE 824) and he did tell this
to the doctor who had examined him for the purpose of his s 122 (6) statement
(NE 825 and 868).

75 The accused said that before the first of his long statements was recorded,
he was wondering how the drugs came to be inside the Oakley bag and why he had
been asked to admit to them at Fragrance Court (NE 710). The accused also said
that he had still not fully recovered from withdrawal symptoms and the CNB
office was extremely cold. He asked for and was given another T-shirt to wear.
When he told the IO that the office was very cold, the IO said he could not
control the temperature and told him to give him a good statement quickly and
then the IO would send him to Queenstown Remand Prison which was not so cold
(NE 712).

76 The accused then went on to say that most of the first and second long
statements and part of the third long statement were untrue. I should
therefore set out each of these statements and his evidence thereon.

77 The first long statement, recorded from 10.05 am to 1.20 pm of 5 February
2003, states:

I am also known as Ah Tee to my family members and as Ricky among my friends.

2 I would like to give an account of my drug activities.

3 About one week before I was arrested on 29 Jan 2003, I made an order for 5
"liap" of heroin from a Malaysian supplier known as "Moh Eh". One "liap"
refers to one pound of heroin. The price for one "liap" of heroin is S$20,000.
Therefore, the total price for 5 "liap" of heroin will be S$100,000. I made
the order when the Malaysian supplier called me on my handphone number
98129928. During the conversation, no date for delivery was fixed but he told
me that one of the "liaps" was of inferior quality. He added that the one that
was of inferior quality was in powdery form while the rest were in granular
forms. "Moh Eh" then suggested that I mixed the inferior type of heroin with
the good ones when I do the repacking. Before hanging up the phone, "Moh Eh"
told me that he would contact me again on my handphone when he arrived in
Singapore.

4 On 24 Jan 2003 at about 12 plus in the afternoon, the Malaysian supplier
called me on my handphone and told me that he had arrived in Singapore. He
told me to pick up the heroin at a Shell Petrol kiosk in Mandai Road. He asked
me how long I took to arrive at the petrol kiosk. I told him I could be there
in half an hour's time and he told me to wait for another call from him when I
arrived at the petrol kiosk. After I hanged up the call, I immediately took a
taxi and proceeded to the arranged place. On that day, I brought along a black
sport bag with me. The black bag was meant to be used for keeping the heroin.
This was the same black bag that was recovered by CNB officer at Fragrance
Court.

5 When I arrived at the Shell Petrol kiosk in Mandai Road, "Moh Eh" was no
where to be sighted. I waited and took a puff of cigarette. About ten minutes
later, at about one plus in the afternoon, "Moh Eh" called me again on my same
handphone and told me that he had placed the 5 "liap" of heroin in a small
brown carton box. He told me that the carton box was placed outside a toilet
at the petrol kiosk and asked me to pick it up from there.

6 I was still on the phone with "Moh Eh" when I went to search for the said
brown carton box. When I eventually found the brown carton box outside the
toilet, I opened up to inspect. I confirmed that the quantity was correct with
"Moh Eh" before terminating my phone conversation with him. I took out a grey
plastic bag containing the 5 "liap" of heroin from the brown carton box and
transferred them into my black sport bag. I then left the brown carton box
outside the toilet at the petrol kiosk. There was no one around near the
toilet when I took out the heroin from the brown carton box and transferred
them into my black sport bag.

7 After collecting the 5 "liap" of heroin, I took a cab to Fragrance Court and
stored it in a rented room at the said place. I had rented a room in Apartment
unit #04-01, Fragrance Court.

8 In total, I had obtained heroin from "Moh Eh" on 3 occasions. On the first
and second occasions, the order was only for one "liap" of heroin. It was only
on the last occasion that I ordered 5 "liap" of heroin. There was no specific
reason for the increase in the order of quantity. "Moh Eh" simply told me he
had more stock in hand and asked me if I was interested in buying more from
him. I acceded to his request. There was an undertaking between "Moh Eh" and I
that payment will only be made after I had sold the drugs to my customers. My
drug dealings with "Moh Eh" was absolutely based on trust. "Moh Eh" would call
me on every 2 to 3 days to check if I had money for payment. If I had the
money, he would send someone to Singapore to collect the payment from me.

9 I got to know "Moh Eh" through a Malaysian friend of mine known as "Ah Loh"
who worked in Singapore previously. I have never met "Moh Eh" before. We only
corresponded with each other with phone calls. He was the one who usually
called me on my handphone as I do not have his contact number.

10 On the same day, 24 Jan 2003, I immediately opened up two "liap" of heroin
for repacking after returning to my rented room in Fragrance Court. The drug
paraphernalia such as weighing scales and sealer were supplied to me by "Moh
Eh" on my first transaction with him. As for the rest of the items, I bought
it myself.

11 On 24 Jan 2003, I cut the big packets containing the "liap" of heroin, one
at each time, and poured them into a small plastic container with a snoopy
label printed on it. I then used a small plastic spoon to scoop the heroin and
poured them into small plastic packets. After that, I used a sealer to seal
the opening of the small packets of heroin. I repacked about 120 small packets
from the two "liap" of heroin. The small packets were in different quantities
weighing from between 3 to 8 grams. Those weighing between 3 to 5 grams were
considered as half a packet, while a full packet would weigh around 8 grams.

12 After I repacked about 120 small packets, I wrapped them with magazine
papers. Each of the wrappings contained 10 small packets of heroin but there
was one which contained only 9 small packets of heroin. I could not recall how
many wrappings I had done altogether. After I had finished the wrappings, I
put aside 3 of them and dumped the rest into a "M1" paper bag. I then placed
this "M1" paper bag inside my black coloured sports bag. I put the 3 wrappings
of heroin inside a drawer under my bed so that it was easily within reach.

13 On the same day, I also placed the black coloured sports bag on the rooftop
outside my bedroom window. I left the black coloured sports bag at the far
right end corner of the rooftop to avoid detection. I put the black sports bag
standing against the wall so that it could not be seen easily. Besides heroin,
in the bag itself were also 3 digital weighing scales, one sealer and a few
long empty straws and 4 Ecstasy tablets in an envelope. There were also other
paraphernalia like penknives, pincer, a bundle of small empty plastic packets
and other items in the side pocket of the black coloured sports bag. I was the
one who put all those mentioned items there. After placing all those items in
the black coloured sports bag, I used a small padlock to lock it.

14 I also placed a few bundles of empty plastic packets and a plastic bag of
gloves on top of a cupboard in my bedroom.

78 The accused said that he did not say what was actually stated in paragraph
2 of the first long statement.

79 As for paragraph 3, he said he had fabricated the contents thereof. He did
not know any person by the name of "Moh Eh". He had never bought one "liap" or
one pound of heroin before. He did not have $100,000. "Moh Eh" did not suggest
to him to mix up the inferior heroin in powdery form with the good ones in
granular form. The accused claimed he had said this because the IO had asked
him what he was going to do with the powdery heroin (NE 714 and 715).

80 As it turned out, the powdery substance did not contain heroin. As I have
mentioned, it was caffeine. The accused said he did not know this at the time
the first long statement was recorded.

81 The accused said that the first five sentences of paragraph 4, ending "
After I hanged up the call, I immediately took a taxi and proceeded to the
arranged place", had also been fabricated by him. He had given these
explanations in response to the IO's questions. In court, the accused argued
that as he had had the use of SBR 4X, there was no reason for him to take a
taxi to the alleged Shell petrol kiosk in Mandai Road, the existence of which
he did not know (NE 717).

82 As for the last three sentences of paragraph 4 in which the accused had
said that he had brought the Oakley bag with him to keep the heroin, the
accused denied he had brought the Oakley bag with him. He said the IO had
asked him what he had used to contain the heroin and whether he had used the
Oakley bag found at Fragrance Court, and he said "Yes" (NE 717 and 718).

83 The accused said paragraph 5 was fabricated by him. In court, he presented
his argument that no one would place heroin at a public place (NE 718).

84 As for paragraph 6, the accused said that this too was fabricated by him.
As for the grey plastic bag, he had mentioned it only because the IO had asked
him about it (NE 718 and 719). Paragraphs 7 and 8 were also fabricated by him.

85 The accused also said that paragraph 9 was a fabrication. He also did not
know a person by the name of Ah Loh. Paragraphs 10 to 12 were also fabricated
(NE 721 to 724) although in cross-examination he accepted the weight of the
small packets mentioned in paragraph 11.

86 As for paragraph 13, the accused alleged that he was asked whether he had
put the Oakley bag at the rooftop and he responded "Yes". Also, he alleged
that he did not say that he had left the Oakley bag at the far right end
corner of the rooftop to avoid detection (NE 725).

87 The accused further alleged that he knew nothing about the Oakley bag such
as the digital weighing scales, sealer, penknives and empty plastic packets.
He presented his argument that even if he did put the items in the Oakley bag,
he would not have been able to remember them so as to itemise them for the
purpose of his statement (NE 726).

88 Although the accused accepted that the first long statement was read back
to him after it was recorded, he said he did not suggest the amendments found
thereon. I would add that the amendments were not significant but the
Defence's point was that it was not the accused who initiated the amendments.

89 The accused also said that he was not paying attention when the first long
statement was read back to him because of three reasons.

90 First, he had not fully recovered from his withdrawal symptoms. Secondly,
he was feeling very cold. Thirdly, in his mind, he had already admitted to the
drugs when he was at Fragrance Court and he believed he would be expected to
admit again.

91 As he thought that this was an ordinary trafficking case only, he was
prepared to admit to the drugs found in the Oakley bag. Otherwise he believed
his family and girlfriend would be charged (NE 727 and 728).

92 The accused also said that it took more than three hours to record the
first long statement because he needed time to fabricate his story (NE 730).

93 The accused accepted that when the recording of the second long statement
began at 3 pm of 5 February 2003, his first long statement was again read back
to him. The written notes state that the accused was invited to make any
correction, deletion or amendment but he declined to do so.

94 The second long statement states:

15 I wore the hand gloves when I was doing the packing of heroin. The reason
for wearing the hand gloves was to avoid leaving behind fingerprints marks on
the plastic packets. However, I do not always use the hand gloves as I found
it troublesome after sometime.

16 After opening up 2 "liaps" of heroin for repacking into smaller packets, I
have 3 more "liaps" of heroin left in the black coloured sports bag. I could
identify the "liap" of heroin that was of inferior quality by pressing on it.
It was much softer than the rest as it was in powdery form. I took this "liap"
of inferior heroin out from the grey plastic bag and placed it inside the
black sports bag as I wanted to separate the inferior heroin from the good
ones.

17 Before I was arrested on 29 Jan 2003, I had already sold 20 small plastic
packets of heroin to my drug customer named Roger on the eve of my arrest. I
sold Roger at $500 for each small packets of heroin on that day when I asked
him to come over to my rented room in Fragrance Court. He had earlier told me
that he was interested in buying 20 small packets of heroin from me. Roger is
also known as Ah Siong. In total, I charged him $10,000 for the 20 small
packets of heroin. He paid me $1000 first and told me that he would pay the
balance amount after the Chinese New Year. These 20 small packets were from
the 2 wrappings of heroin which was kept in a drawer under my bed initially.
The other wrapping with ten small packets of heroin was also in the drawer
initially. I later transferred them to my car on 28 January 2003. I put the 10
small packets of heroin in the side compartment on the driver's side of the
car so that I could retrieve it easily when customers want it. If no one place
any order with me, I would use those heroin for my own consumption.

18 When I was arrested on 29 January 03, I was found with a cigarette box
containing one small packet and a straw of heroin, one rolled-up paper meant
for smoking heroin and one aluminium foil. The heroin were meant for my
consumption. The other items that were also seized from my possession include
keys to my rented Apartment at Fragrance Court, to my personal residential
home at West Coast, a remote sensor key for accessing a small gate meant for
residents of the Apartment and the padlock keys for my black sports bag. There
are 3 padlock keys altogether.

19 Besides the above-mentioned, I also had inside my car, a remote control
meant for access to the main gate of the Apartment at Fragrance Court. I was
issued with the remote control and the remote sensor key to the small gate
when I rented a room from the owner of unit #04-01, Fragrance Court. All these
items were also seized from me.

20 Slightly more than 2 months before my arrest, I browsed the Classified Ads
on the newspaper and contacted the owner of unit number #04-01, Fragrance
Court at Yew Siang Road. I roughly know where the location was as I lived
nearby in West Coast area. The Ads specified that there was rooms available
for renting. I called the telephone number that was stated in the Classified
Ads and a China women[sic] picked up the call. She claimed that she was the
co-owner of the unit and agreed to sublet one room to me at a rental fee of
$550 per month.

21 After making the call, I went down immediately to meet the co-owner of the
unit. I could not recall her name now but I used to address her as "Da Jie"
which means elder sister in English. She is in her mid forties. She told me
that there were 2 rooms available in the unit for renting, one on the lower
and the other on the upper floor. I inspected both the rooms and decided on
renting the 3rd room on the lower floor from her. This room is located next to
the common toilet. I paid her 1 month rental fee of $550 and a deposit of
another $550 on the spot. The owner raised the option of signing the rental
agreement with me but I told her that it was [not] necessary to do so. She has
no objection. The co-owner gave me a remote control for access via the main
gate, the sensor key for the residence gate and a key for the rented room. I
moved into the room 2 to 3 days later. However, I normally do not lock the
door of my rented room because I do not think that anyone would go into my
room. Furthermore, whatever heroin that I have with me were safely kept inside
the black sport bag and padlocked.

22 I did not want to sign a formal rental agreement with the co-owner because
I can easily be traced if I run foul of the law. The reason why I wanted to
rent a room at Fragrance Court was because the place was at a secluded
location. Therefore, it would not be easily discovered by the authorities. My
purpose of renting a room at Fragrance Court was to have a place for storage
and packing of heroin.

23 A month later, the co-owner asked me if I wished to move to the empty room
on the upper floor. She mentioned that someone else was interested in renting
the room that I was occupying at that point in time. I agreed to her proposal
and moved to the room at the upper floor. She told me that I had to pay a
higher rental fee of $680 per month. I did not mind paying a higher rental fee
for the upper room as it offered me more privacy since I was involved in
illegal drug activities. With other tenants around in 2 other rooms on the
lower floor, there was a lack of privacy.

24 Sometimes in mid December 2002, I shifted to the upper room in the
Apartment unit. There is only one room on the upper floor. Upon moving over to
the room on the upper floor, I paid a rental fee of $680 to the co-owner. I
checked the room to ensure that everything was in order. The room was totally
empty when I moved in. I checked the drawers, the cupboards, the wardrobe and
nothing was in it. The co-owner did not give me the key to the upper room and
I did not ask from her as I do not have the habit of locking my room door.

25 After I moved into the room on the upper floor, I discovered a good spot to
place my sports bag containing the heroin. This spot was at the far right
corner of the rooftop outside the window. The only access to the spot which I
placed the sports bag was via the window in my rented room. One cannot get
access to the rooftop without climbing out from the window in my rented room.
I felt that the spot would be a better place to hid the sports bag with heroin
in it as no one would discover them.

26 I believed the co-owner has no knowledge of my drug activities. I hardly
speak to the tenants and I believed they also have no knowledge of what I was
doing. The other occupants in unit #04-01, Fragrance Court were the co-owner
herself, 2 male Chinese Nationals and the co-owner's nephew and son which I
used to see them around. I do not know and have never seen the main owner of
the unit at all.

27 I sell heroin because I was in need of money to meet daily expenses for
food and clothing. Furthermore, during the Chinese New Year festive season, I
intended to give some money to my mother. The odd-job which I was doing was
not on a regular basis. Normally I worked only 1 to 2 days in a week. Hence,
my income was low. My daily wage was about $50 to $60 a day. I did only simple
painting work as I was not trained in other forms of odd-jobs.

95 The accused said paragraphs 15 and 16 were fabricated by him. Paragraphs 17
to 21 were true except for the last sentence, "Furthermore, whatever heroin
that I have with me were safely kept inside the black sports bag and
padlocked" (NE 730 to 736).

96 As for paragraph 22, the accused said he did not say that he did not want
to sign a formal rental agreement because he could be easily traced if he ran
foul of the law. As for the last sentence of paragraph 22, when he said his
purpose of using a room at Fragrance Court was to store and pack heroin, he
said he had meant putting heroin into a straw for his own consumption (NE 736
and 737).

97 As for paragraph 23, the accused denied saying that he had paid a higher
rent for the Bedroom as it offered him more privacy since he was involved in
illegal drug activities. What he had said was that he found it more convenient
as he consumed drugs as well (NE 738).

98 Paragraph 24 was true but he disputed that paragraph 25 accurately recorded
what he said. As regards the sentence "The only access to the spot which I
placed the sports bag was via the window in my rented room", the accused said
that he was asked whether that was the only access to the rooftop and he
nodded his head (NE 738 and 739). As regards the next sentence "I felt that
the spot would be a better place to hide the sports bag with heroin in it as
no one would discover them", the accused alleged that he did not say this. He
alleged that he was asked whether the spot would be a good place to hide the
drugs and he had said, "OK, yes" (NE 739).

99 As for paragraph 26, he said that part of it did not reflect what he had
said accurately. He had not mentioned his drug activities but rather that the
owners did not know that he consumed drugs (NE 740).

100 The accused admitted that paragraph 27 was accurate (NE 740).

101 The accused did not dispute that the second long statement was also read
back to him after it was recorded and that it was read to him again when the
third statement was recorded on 8 February 2003. His third long statement
states:

Accused's statement consisting of paragraphs 15 to 27 were read back to him in
Hokkien dialect by Mr Bennett Tan. Accused was invited to make any correction,
deletion or amendment. He declined the offer.

28 I sell heroin in both packets and in the form of sets. A set consisted of
10 packets each. I sold one packet of heroin to my customers at $500 and one
set at the price of $5000. At times, I also sold heroin in half packet form
and I charged customers a price of $250. A half packet of heroin weighs
slightly over 3 grams.

29 I do not have any fixed customers. As long as there are buyers, I would
sell the heroin to them. I do not operate in a fixed place. My customers were
from all over the places in Singapore. Usually my customers would come to me
to pick up the heroin. Depending where I was, I do not have a fixed place for
drug transaction. But they were all carried out in public places. Except for
the one occasion which I sold 20 packets of heroin to Roger at my rented room
in Fragrance Court on the eve of my arrest, I have never dealt with any other
customers at my rented room.

30 I am shown a photograph of a male person. I identified him as Roger or 'Ah
Siong'. (Recorder's note : Accused is shown a polaroid photograph of a male
Chinese in red tee-shirt).

31 Roger is my main drug customer. He runs a Rojak stall at Aljunied Crescent.
I do not have any share in his Rojak business.

32 Roger is not an associate or partner in my drug activities. He is only a
customer to me.

33 I am shown a photograph of a male person. (Recorder's note : I showed
accused the polaroid photograph of Lim Beng Wah, IC : 1573149-D). I identified
this person as 'Ah Wah'. 'Ah Wah' was also arrested on the same day as me when
I went to look for him to collect jeans from him. 'Ah Wah' is helping someone
else to sell jeans. I bought 4 to 5 pairs of jeans from 'Ah Wah' at $200 over
dollars. 'Ah Wah' has no connection with my drug activities.

34 I seldom stay at the rented room at Fragrance Court. I only went there to
pack or store drugs (heroin). Most of the times, I stay at my own house at Blk
515, West Coast Road, #12-527. I have never brought any friends to my rented
room in Fragrance Court except for that one occasion where Roger came to visit
me on the eve of my arrest.

35 The car that was seized during my arrest belonged to my friend named 'Ah
Soon'. He is the registered owner of the car. The car is still currently under
hire purchase financing. 'Ah Soon' was unable to support the hire purchase car
instalments. Hence he allowed me to use the car on condition that I helped him
to pay for the car instalment on a monthly basis of $1020. I have been in
possession Ah Soon's car for about a month.

36 I only have one main door key to the rented Apartment at Fragrance Court. I
have never given the key to anyone else before.

37 I am the second child in a family of 3 siblings. I have an elder brother
and a younger sister. They all have their own families and are staying
separately. My father has already passed away. I am the only child staying
together with my mother at my West Coast home.

38 I am educated up to primary eight level in the Chinese stream at Sian Meng
Primary School at Bukit Ho Swee. The school has since closed down. The school
is a Chinese medium one.

39 At the time of my arrest, over $2000 cash money were seized from me. $500
were from friends of mine who had asked me to buy jeans for them. Another $400
were my money from the economic restructuring shares. The rest were proceeds
obtained from drug sales.

40 I consumed about 1 small packet of heroin each day. I used the 'chase the
dragon' method to consume heroin. Normally I consumed heroin at my own house
at West Coast Road. I also consumed heroin at my rented room in Fragrance
Court occasionally. The last time I consumed heroin was on the morning prior
to my arrest. I also consumed cough mixture on that same day because I was
suffering from persistent cough.

102 The accused sought to explain paragraph 34 away. He alleged that although
he had stated that he seldom stayed at the Bedroom, he had actually stayed
there three to four days a week. Also, when he had mentioned "packing" he
meant that he had used a straw to pack drugs. Furthermore, he did bring
friends to the Bedroom. He asserted that the other tenants had verified this
(NE 742). He claimed that he did not want to say that he had brought friends
to the Bedroom because SI Ang had threatened to charge his girlfriend, friends
and family (NE 742).

103 The accused said that he had implicated himself in the three long
statements because at Fragrance Court he had already admitted to the drugs in
the Oakley bag and also because SI Ang had threatened to charge his
girlfriend, friends and family (NE 744). As I have said, he alleged he was not
told that he would be facing the death penalty.

104 As regards the Oakley bag, the accused said that he had used it to pack
his clothing when he moved to Fragrance Court. He last used it when he moved
from the room on the first floor to the Bedroom (on the second floor).

105 The accused said that on 27 Jan 2003, a Malaysian friend of his by the
name of Eric, also known as Ah Tua, had telephoned him at night. They went out
together for a meal and Eric had spent the night with him at the Bedroom. In
the morning of 28 Jan 2003 he had told Eric he was going out for a while. This
was between 10 am and 11 am. Eric said he wanted to sleep longer. The accused
left the Bedroom.

106 At between 4 pm to 5 pm, Eric called the accused who said he was at his
mother's flat at Block 515, West Coast Road. Eric then arranged to meet the
accused at a coffeeshop at Block 516. At the coffeeshop at past 5 pm, Eric
handed the accused three packets and told him that inside were 10 small
packets (or sachets). Eric then told the accused that he had left behind three
keys at Fragrance Court and asked the accused to keep them for him. The
accused then went back to his mother's flat. At about 8 pm or 9 pm, the
accused met Roger at Fragrance Court to hand him two of the packets he had
received from Eric. The remaining packets were found in SBR 4X.

107 The three keys left in the Bedroom were the keys to the padlock of the
Oakley bag. Eric did not tell the accused what the three keys were for (NE
758). The accused attached the three keys to his key chain when he returned to
Fragrance Court. He did not notice the Oakley bag was missing from the
wardrobe. The accused argued that if the three keys were his, there was no
need for him to carry all three with him (NE 767). He believed that Eric had
schemed and used the Bedroom and the Oakley bag to pack his drugs and asked
the accused to keep the three keys for him (NE 767 to 771). Eric must have
brought and left the drugs in his car initially when Eric drove to Fragrance
Court on 27 January 2003 and spent the night there (NE 747 and 795). Eric had
also used the magazine in the Bedroom to wrap the drugs (NE 773 and 777).

108 The accused said that after his arrest, he did ask his elder brother to
telephone Eric but the elder brother was not able to contact Eric. The accused
did not know Eric's address in Malaysia although the accused had known Eric
for some years. He had known Eric as they were in the same industry. The
accused was a painter and Eric was a mosaic layer (NE 776, 755 and 788).

109 The accused accepted that although he was angry with Eric he did not tell
the IO about Eric or ask his elder brother to mention Eric to the IO. The
accused also alleged that he did not tell his elder brother why he wanted Eric
to be contacted (NE 789).

110 The accused said he did not mention Eric's name to the IO because even if
Eric was found, Eric would not admit to the drugs in the Oakley bag (NE 776).
The accused was also afraid of SI Ang's threat and the accused felt he could
not prove that the items in the Oakley bag belonged to Eric (NE 803).

111 As regards why he did not mention his girlfriend in any of his statements
to the IO, the accused said that when the IO had asked him whether his
girlfriend also smoked heroin, he had said "No". When asked, the accused had
also said she did not have any previous conviction. The accused alleged that
the IO then said that if that was the case, there was no need to mention her
(NE 806).

**Rebuttal evidence by the prosecution**

112 The prosecution called Dr Andrew Y H Tang as a rebuttal witness. He
examined the accused on 30 Jan 2003 at 3.42 am, i.e. before the accused's s
122(6) statement was given, and at 6.03 am, i.e. after the accused's s 122(6)
statement was given.

113 Dr Tang's evidence was that the police request form had stated that the
accused had requested examination as he was suffering from withdrawal symptoms
(NE 869, 877 and 878).

114 Dr Tang also said that from his observation of a lot of accused persons,
they would initially feel cold because of air-conditioning and being nervous
(NE 874).

115 In the context of the accused, Dr Tang did not observe him to be feeling
cold (NE 875) nor did the accused show signs of withdrawal symptoms (NE 871).
However he accepted that it was possible that the accused might have mild pain
and was feeling cold without any symptom (NE 877).

116 Significantly, Dr Tang said that although he did not specifically ask the
accused whether he was suffering from withdrawal symptoms, he did ask the
accused whether he had any complaint and the accused said he had none (NE
870). Dr Tang explained that he did not specifically ask about withdrawal
symptoms as he did not want to put any suggestion in his question (NE 870
also). In addition, the accused did not tell Dr Tang that he was having bodily
pains or drug withdrawal symptoms (NE 869 and 879). I would add that the
report dated 24 April 2003 PRO 1396/2003 prepared by Dr Tang in respect of the
pre-statement examination, said, inter alia, "The patient denied having any
neither[sic] medical or surgical problems". Also, "There were no complaints or
signs and symptoms of withdrawal noted on examination".

117 In the next report also dated 24 April 2003 but numbered PRO 1397/2003 in
respect of the post-statement examination, Dr Tang said, inter alia, "He
denied having any significant medical problems".

**The submissions, my conclusion and reasons**

118 Section 18(1)(b) of the Misuse of Drugs Act states:

18\. - (1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody
or under his control -

…

(b) the keys of anything containing a controlled drug;

…

shall until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had that drug in his
possession.

119 It was not disputed that the accused was in possession of the keys that
could open the padlock of the Oakley bag and the drugs were found in the
Oakley bag. Accordingly, I was of the view that s 18(1)(b) applied and that
unless the accused could rebut that presumption, then the presumption under s
17(c) would also apply. Section 17(c) states:

17\. Any person who is proved to have had in his possession more than -

…

(c) 2 grammes of diamorphine;

…

whether or not contained in any substance, extract, preparation or mixture
shall be presumed to have had that drug in possession for the purpose of
trafficking unless it is proved that his possession of that drug was not for
that purpose.

120 Mr Dhillon submitted that the accused's conduct on the day of his arrest
demonstrated that he knew nothing about the Oakley bag being on the rooftop of
Fragrance Court and its contents. He stressed that the accused had on his own
accord informed the CNB officers about the Bedroom and led them to Fragrance
Court and then to the Bedroom. The CNB officers had no idea about the Bedroom
at the time of the arrest.

121 However, according to ASP Xavier Lek, they had already received
information, prior to the arrest, that drugs could be found at Fragrance Court
although they did not know who had access to the unit involved (NE 312 to
314), and probably also did not know which unit was involved. Their main
targets were the accused and Ah Siong (NE 309). Furthermore, it was not as
though the accused had initiated the disclosure of information about #04-01
Fragrance Court. It was upon questioning that the accused disclosed that the
Elsema remote control found in SBR 4X and one of the keys, out of the six keys
recovered, were for access to Fragrance Court and #04-01 Fragrance Court (see
paragraph 10 of SI Ang's conditioned statement and NE 215). In any event, the
fact that the accused did not lie about the Elsema remote control or one of
the keys being for access to #04-01 was only one of the factors to be
considered.

122 Mr Dhillon submitted that the accused did not show any reaction when SI
Ang had climbed out of the window to search the rooftop. This demonstrated
that the accused knew nothing about the Oakley bag. I was of the view that the
absence of anxiety on the accused's part was equivocal. It could equally mean
that he was hoping that SI Ang would not find the Oakley bag which was tucked
away at almost one end of the rooftop behind a pillar. Also, it was out of
sight if one only stands outside the window of the Bedroom, without turning
round a bend and looking further. The absence of anxiety could also equally
mean that the accused knew that any sign of anxiety would give him away or he
was prepared to face the consequence even if the Oakley bag was found.

123 What was significant was the absence of any surprise by the accused when
SI Ang returned from the rooftop with the plastic bag and opened it to reveal
the Oakley bag. In my view, the accused did not express any surprise in seeing
his Oakley bag because he knew all along that the Oakley bag was in the
plastic bag. Furthermore, even if the accused did not tell SI Ang that the
three small keys could open the padlock to the Oakley bag, it was surprising
that he did not mention that the keys belonged to Eric immediately after one
of the three keys was used to open the padlock and the contents in the Oakley
bag were taken out and shown to him. At that time, the accused had not yet
been asked to identify Ah Siong and the alleged threat by SI Ang had not yet
been made.

124 If the accused's evidence about Eric was true, it must have immediately
dawned on him that Eric had used his Oakley bag to keep the drugs and that he
was going to take the blame for Eric as the three keys were found on him,
unless he quickly disclosed that the keys were not his. There was no reason
for the accused to remain silent about Eric then unless Eric was a fabrication
or he was in cahoots with Eric.

125 Mr Dhillon submitted that the accused had been forthright in his evidence.
The accused had admitted that he had sold drugs and had admitted that the
Oakley bag was his. In my view, the accused admitted that he had sold drugs
because there were ten sachets found in SBR 4X. He admitted the Oakley bag was
his only in response to a question by SI Ang and because he knew the three
keys found on him could open the padlock. Besides, the accused did not have
time to come up with a fabrication at the time of his arrest.

126 Mr Dhillon also submitted that the accused also gave a consistent,
believable and reasonable explanation as to how the Oakley bag came to be
placed at the rooftop of Fragrance Court. He added that the accused had said
that if he wanted to hide the drugs, he could have easily hidden the drugs in
the Bedroom. Also the rooftop was not the safest place to hide the drugs as
other persons in neighbouring high-rise flats could see the accused and there
was always the possibility that someone else might come onto the rooftop.
Also, if the three keys had belonged to the accused, the accused had said he
would not need to carry all three identical keys with him.

127 However, the accused's evidence at trial about Eric and why he rented the
Bedroom and the use thereof were all contradicted by his long statements and
his statement to SI Ang. In addition, he did not mention such points when he
gave his s 122(6) statement, when he should have done so.

128 From the evidence about the accused lying on the bed in the Bedroom after
he had given a statement to SI Ang and the information in the police request
form to Dr Tang, I was prepared to accept that the accused was suffering from
withdrawal symptoms at the time his s 122(6) statement was given. However,
they must have been mild as Dr Tang did not notice any such symptoms, nor, as
I found, did the accused tell Dr Tang about them. In the circumstances, the
withdrawal symptoms were not such as to interfere with the accused's
understanding of the s 122(6) charge and its consequences. Indeed, the accused
did not specifically assert that he could not understand the same or his long
statements because of his condition.

129 As regards the question as to whether the accused was told that he was
facing a capital charge at the time the s 122(6) charge was read to him, I
preferred the evidence of the IO and the interpreter to that of the accused.
The IO maintained steadfastly at trial that he had told the accused that if
the heroin was more than 15 grams, and if the court was to find him guilty, he
would face the death penalty. The interpreter said that while he could not
remember exactly what the IO said, it was standard practice for investigation
officers to inform accused persons that they were facing the death penalty,
when this was the case. The interpreter did not suggest that anything
extraordinary had happened in respect of the present accused person.
Furthermore, the IO had specifically written down that the nature and
consequence of the charge had been explained to the accused by the
interpreter, although there was no specific mention of words like "death
penalty".

130 As for Mr Dhillon's closing submission that the omission by the IO to
specifically state the capital punishment in the s 122(6) charge was contrary
to practice (see paragraph 72 of that submission), I would say that there was
no evidence of this. The evidence from the IO was only that for lesser
charges, the minimum and maximum sentences were stipulated in the charge.
Indeed his evidence was that it was not his practice to specifically state the
capital punishment in the charge. He also added that he was not informed that
he should do so for capital cases (NE 583 to 587). The interpreter
corroborated the IO's evidence that it was not the practice to specifically
state the death penalty in the charge (NE 645). I would add that whether the
practice should be changed is another matter.

131 The accused himself admitted at trial that he knew that trafficking above
a certain weight of diamorphine would carry the death penalty, although he
said he did not know what the threshold was (NE 827). He said he was aware
that the s 122(6) charge pertained to 1973.42 grams of diamorphine and he was
shocked. Yet he thought it was an ordinary trafficking case (NE 707, 708 and
728). Although he wondered what the penalty was, he did not ask how long a
jail sentence he would serve as he was not feeling well (NE 829). It seemed to
me that if the accused did not know what the threshold was, he had no basis
for thinking that this was an ordinary trafficking case especially given that
he had repeatedly asserted he had been shocked at the heavy weight of 1973.42
grams. I did not accept that the accused was the simpleton that he had
portrayed himself to be. True, he did not have a high formal education but he
was street-smart, having had to fend for himself from a young age. As I have
elaborated, he was even able to present arguments for himself while he was on
the witness stand. Accordingly, I found that the accused knew that he was
facing a capital charge at the time when his s 122(6) statement was given, and
also when his long statements were given.

132 As for the long statements, the accused's position at trial was that most
of his long statements were untrue. I have set out at length his position,
but, in summary, they were untrue in the following respects:

(a) He had fabricated some parts.

(b) As regards other parts, they did not represent accurately what he had
said.

(c) Thirdly, he denied outright what was attributed to him.

As the accused did not deny that the statements had accurately recorded what
he had said in respect of category (a), I will deal with categories (b) and
(c).

133 As regards category (b), the accused's position was that he did not use
the words attributed to him but that he merely agreed with what the IO had
suggested to him. In my view, even if he had merely agreed with what the IO
had suggested to him, the substance of what had been recorded would still be
correct. It was not as though he was tricked into agreeing. The long
statements did not pretend to be a verbatim record of what the accused had
said. It seemed to me that the Defence had sought to take undue advantage of
the fact that the statements were not a verbatim record. Thus, for example, Mr
Dhillon sought to make much out of the fact that paragraph 2 of the long
statement was not a verbatim record because no witness would give a sentence
like that. Paragraph 2 states, and I reiterate: "I would like to give an
account of my drug activities". I was of the view that what probably happened
was that the accused was told that the IO wanted him to give an account of his
drug activities and he agreed. However, this was set out in paragraph 2 in the
terms I have stated. The substance of the accused's response remained the
same, although one could argue that the flavour was slightly different.

134 More importantly, I noted that paragraph 2 was the only paragraph which Mr
Dhillon questioned the IO and the interpreter specifically on. Mr Dhillon
carefully steered away from the important paragraphs of the long statements.
He left it to the accused to state which of the important paragraphs fell into
categories (a), (b) or (c). Accordingly, as regards both categories (b) and
(c), Mr Dhillon did not challenge the IO or the interpreter on specific and
important parts of the statements. He only put or suggested the accused's case
generally.

135 Furthermore, I did not accept that the accused could remember after so
many months exactly which parts of his statements were merely his responses to
the IO's questions and which were those which he did not even say or respond
to. I also reiterate that the long statements had been read back to the
accused after each had been recorded and he did not object to the same.

136 Accordingly, I was of the view that the long statements did accurately
record what the accused had said to the IO and the interpreter. It bears
repeating that on the accused's own evidence, he took some time to give his
long statements not because of withdrawal symptoms or cold or because the IO
was trying to wear him down (as belatedly suggested in paragraph 248 of Mr
Dhillon's closing submission) but because the accused was trying to fabricate
his statements (NE 730). Paragraph 247 of Mr Dhillon's closing submission also
submitted that the accused was denied extra clothing but I did not accept that
he had told the IO or interpreter that he was cold. If the accused had
fabricated the statements, it was for him to demonstrate that they were
fabrications and why he had come up with such fabrications.

137 For example, the accused said that as he had had the use of SBR 4X, it was
unnecessary for him to have taken a taxi to collect the drugs. That may be so,
but that did not necessarily make this part of his statement untrue. It is not
so illogical for a person to take a taxi even though he owns a car. As another
example, Mr Dhillon submitted that it was shocking for the IO to record
statements to the effect that the accused had opened up drugs when they were
recovered unopened (see paragraph 246 of his closing submissions). In my view,
this depended on one's interpretation of the facts. It was undisputed that
some of the drugs in the Oakley bag were found in the 89 sachets. Someone must
have opened up the drugs before packing the drugs into these sachets. Besides,
the IO had said he was simply recording the accused's statements and not
challenging them.

138 Furthermore, even if some of the details as to how the accused had come
into possession of the drugs found in the Oakley bag had been fabricated, the
fact of the matter was that the accused had admitted to being in possession of
the drugs for the purpose of trafficking.

139 As the accused had believed that Eric was responsible for the predicament
he was facing, it would only be natural for the accused to mention to the IO
Eric's role as soon as possible. Yet the accused took responsibility for the
drugs in his long statements and mentioned Eric for the very first time only
when he was giving evidence at trial.

140 I also noted the following points against the accused. First, he did not
call Ah Siong or Roger to corroborate the existence of Eric or to corroborate
his evidence as to how Eric came to supply him with drugs one or two days
before the arrest and for which Roger came to owe Eric, not the accused,
$9,000 for the drugs Roger received.

141 Secondly, the accused did not mention his girlfriend in his long
statements. I did not accept his evidence that the omission was because the IO
had said that there was no need to mention her. This point was not suggested
or put to the IO or the interpreter. Furthermore, the accused did not call his
girlfriend to corroborate his evidence as to why he had rented the Bedroom. I
would add that the photograph of the Bedroom did not reveal any female
clothing or toiletries for females only. Two bottles in the bathroom, seen in
photo P12, could have been used by the accused himself or the previous
occupant. The accused's assertion of the existence of a toothbrush and
toothpaste which could not be seen in P12 did not advance his allegation
regarding his girlfriend any further.

142 Thirdly, the accused did not call his elder brother to corroborate his
evidence that he had asked the brother to contact Eric. Neither did he provide
the court with the telephone number of Eric. I also found the accused's
evidence contradictory when he said he had asked his elder brother to contact
Eric but yet he did not believe Eric would own up.

143 I would add that the line of questions posed by Mr Dhillon to prosecution
witnesses as to how the rooftop was accessible from other units at the top
floor of Fragrance Court and whether the rooftop was accessible from either of
two ladders at the top floor leading to openings at the rooftop was irrelevant
given the accused's implied position that it was Eric who must have gone to
the rooftop through the window of the Bedroom.

144 In the circumstances, I was also of the view that the accused knew the
consequences of his long statements and had fabricated his evidence at trial
about Eric. As I was of the view that the alleged threat by SI Ang did not
exist, it could not continue to operate on the mind of the accused when he was
giving his long statements.

145 As an aside, I would add that Mr Dhillon should have challenged the
admissibility of the long statements if he was going to take the position that
the alleged threat continued to operate on the mind of the accused then.

146 In the circumstances, the accused's assertions that he could have hidden
the drugs elsewhere in the Bedroom and need not have carried all three keys to
the padlock with him, if the drugs really belonged to him, were neither here
nor there.

147 As for the suggestion by Mr Dhillon that the rooftop was not the safest
place to hide the drugs as persons in neighbouring high-rise buildings could
have seen the accused if he had been on the rooftop and someone else might
have come onto the rooftop, the fact of the matter was that the drugs were
found there. Furthermore, the argument about visibility also suggested that
the accused's version about Eric was unlikely to be true. If the rooftop was
visible from neighbouring high-rise buildings, it would be likely that the
person who placed the Oakley bag there would have done so in the night. Yet,
according to the accused's version, Eric would have placed the Oakley bag at
the rooftop between about 11 am and about 5 pm of 28 January 2003.

148 The point about one other tenant seeing Ah Siong and a girl and the
accused and a girl was also neither here nor there as the girls were not
identified and, as I have said, the accused's girlfriend did not give
evidence.

149 Mr Dhillon had also raised the point about the omission by the IO to try
and obtain fingerprint evidence. The IO had assumed that the rubber gloves
found had been used and did not try to obtain fingerprint evidence. He had
agreed that fingerprint evidence would have been a great help for the trial
(NE 569). In any event, as there was no fingerprint evidence before me, I had
to reach my conclusion without such evidence.

150 I should also cover the point about the accused's ignorance that one of
the big packets contained caffeine instead of heroin. I was of the view that
this did not mean that he was unaware of the existence of the heroin in the
Oakley bag . He had believed that all the three big packets and the 89 sachets
contained heroin.

151 As for the question as to whether the accused had been given a key to the
Bedroom, this became irrelevant. Even if he did not have the key, it did not
advance his case any further since it was no longer his position that some
unknown person had gained access to the Bedroom without his knowledge and
thereafter to the rooftop. According to him, it was Eric who had done so after
he had let Eric stay in the Bedroom.

**Summary**

152 In the circumstances, I found that the accused had failed to discharge the
presumption under s 18, and the consequent presumption under s 17 applied. I
add that, in my view, the prosecution would have proved its case beyond a
reasonable doubt even without the aid of the presumptions in the light of the
overwhelming evidence against the accused.

153 Accordingly, I convicted the accused on the charge and sentenced him
according to the law.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Dec 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

