Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Teo Eng Chuan v Nirumalan V Kanapathi Pillay (No 2)  
[2003] SGCA 40

Case Number | : | CA 45/2003, NM 56/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Lai Siu Chiu J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Liew Teck Huat (Niru & Co) for the applicant;; Rajinder Singh and Harpal Singh (B Rao & K S Rajah) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Teo Eng Chuan — Nirumalan V Kanapathi Pillay   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Leave – Whether leave to appeal required under s
34(2)(a) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) –
Appeal against increase of damages by $130,000 – Whether amount or value of
subject matter at trial is $250,000 or less  
  

**_ Delivered by Chao Hick Tin JA _ **

1 This was a motion filed by the applicant, Nirumalan Kanapathi Pillay
(Pillay), to strike out a notice of appeal (CA No. 45/2003) lodged by the
respondent, Teo Eng Chuan (Teo), on the ground that prior to filing the notice
of appeal Teo had not obtained the leave of court, as required by s 34(2)(a)
of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act, (Cap 322) (SCJA). At the conclusion of
the hearing, we dismissed the motion as we did not think leave was required.
We now give our reasons for the decision.

**The facts**

2 Briefly, the facts giving rise to the filing of the notice of appeal are as
follows. In July 1991, Pillay was injured when the taxi he was travelling in
as a passenger was involved in a motor accident. He suffered a whiplash injury
to the spine with posterior disc prolapse at the C5/C6 and C6/C7 levels. In
1994, he instituted an action against Teo for damages for the injury suffered.
In May 1995, he obtained an interlocutory judgment, with damages to be
assessed. There was some delay in pursuing the assessment of damages. However,
nothing turns on that.

3 On 30 August 2002, the Assistant Registrar awarded Pillay a total of
$100,000 for general damages, made up of –

$20,000 for pain and suffering

$20,000 for cost of future surgery

_$60,000_ for loss of future earning capacity

_$100,000_

In addition, the Assistant Registrar also awarded Pillay special damages of
$35,361.78, making a grand total of $135,361.78.

4 We should also mention that two other sums, in pound sterling and Australian
dollars, were also awarded by the Assistant Registrar to Pillay as special
damages. As these two sums do not in any way alter the issue that arose for
consideration of the motion, there is no necessity to add their equivalent
values to the sums awarded in Singapore dollars.

5 Being dissatisfied with the award for general damages, Pillay appealed. The
judge-in-chambers increased the sum for pain and suffering to $30,000 and that
for loss of future earning capacity to $180,000. He did not disturb the award
for future surgery. In short, the judge increased the total award by $130,000,
from $135,361.78 to $265,361.78. Teo’s appeal to the Court of Appeal (now
pending) relates to these two items of claim on which the judge had enhanced
the quantum.

6 Pillay’s contention, in seeking to strike out the notice of appeal, was on
the ground that as the amount in dispute on appeal to the Court of Appeal
involved only $130,000, Teo should have first obtained leave of court under s
34(2)(a) of the SCJA before an appeal could be lodged.

**Issues**

7 The question raised by the motion concerned the proper interpretation of s
34(2)(a) which reads:-

“Except with the leave of the Court of Appeal or a Judge, no appeal shall be
brought to the Court of Appeal …

(a) where the amount or value of the subject matter at the trial is $250,000 …
or less”

Two terms in this provision required particular attention, namely, “amount or
value of the subject matter” and “trial”.

8 There are two previous decisions of this court which had in some way helped
to elucidate the two terms. In _Spandeck Engineering (S) Pte Ltd v Yong Qiang
Construction_ [1999] 4 SLR 401, it was held that the word “trial” should be
construed purposively and on that basis it meant:-

“… a hearing, whether in open court or in chambers, in which the judge
determines the matter in issue before him, whether it be an issue of fact or
law.”

There, the court rejected the argument that a “trial” meant only a hearing
before a court at which evidence was adduced, arguments were canvassed and
questions of fact and/or law were finally decided. Various anomalies that
could arise if such a narrow interpretation were to be given to the word
“trial” were also referred to.

9 In _Tan_ _Chiang Brother’s Marble (S) Pte Ltd v Permasteelisa Pacific
Holdings Ltd_ [2002] 2 SLR 225, the court held that the term “at the trial”
could not be interpreted to mean “at the appeal” without doing violence to its
plain meaning.

10 Pillay accepted the rulings in these two cases. What his counsel argued was
that, in the context of our present case, the “trial” took place before the
Assistant Registrar. Unlike _Spandeck Engineering_ and _Tan Chiang Brother’s
Marble_ , where the claims were for liquidated sums, here the claim was
essentially for general damages; the amount was unspecified. In the
circumstances, the only possible point of reference was the amount awarded by
the Assistant Registrar, which in total (even inclusive of the special damages
in foreign currencies) fell far short of the sum of $250,000. When the matter
went on “appeal” to the judge-in-chambers, the Judge increased the general
damages by $130,000 and this enhanced amount is the sum which Teo wishes to
take up to the Court of Appeal. Thus, the subject matter of the hearing before
the judge-in-chambers was in respect of the increased amount of $130,000. As
this sum was less than $250,000, leave of court was required.

11 However, counsel for Teo argued that in relation to an assessment of
damages, the two stage hearing - that before the Assistant Registrar and that
before the judge-in-chambers on “appeal” - should be viewed collectively. The
fact that on “appeal’ to the judge, some items of award were not disputed, did
not mean that they did not form part of the total award of the High Court.

12 In substantiation of Teo’s contention, reference was made by his counsel to
the case of _Herbs and Spices Trading Post Pte Ltd v Deo Silver (Pte) Ltd_
[1990] SLR 1234 where Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) pointed out that an
“appeal” from a decision of the Registrar of the Subordinate Court to the
District Court is, in substance, a form of confirmatory jurisdiction and that
that was also the position with regard to an “appeal” from a decision of the
Registrar to the judge-in-chambers.

**Our decision**

13 In a case such as the present, which involved a claim for personal injury
and where interlocutory judgment is entered, what is outstanding is the
quantum of damages which should be awarded to the plaintiff, and that will be
the “subject matter” of the “trial”.

14 An assessment of damages could very well be undertaken by a judge though in
practice it is very often done by the Registrar pursuant to delegation of
functions. If, in our instant case, the assessment had been carried out by a
judge, there would have been no doubt that the value of the subject matter,
covering both general damages and special damages, would have exceeded
$250,000. Indeed, the claim of Pillay at the assessment before the Assistant
Registrar was for more than $1.5 million. Should it make a difference if the
assessment were to be first undertaken by the Registrar but was subsequently
affirmed or varied by the judge-in-chambers? We think not. It is not truly an
“appeal” when a party, who is dissatisfied with the assessment, wishes to take
it up to the judge-in-chambers. The judge is entitled to hear the matter _de
novo_. For the present purposes, the two-step hearing is effectively one
hearing.

15 In any event, even if we were to treat the assessment carried out before
the Assistant Registrar and the “appeal” before the judge-in-chambers as
separate hearings, viewing each in the correct perspective, the answer to the
motion will still be the same. It is true that the Assistant Registrar had
only awarded Pillay damages in the total sum of $135,361, consisting of
general damages of $100,000 and special damages of $35,361. In appealing to
the judge-in-chambers, Pillay contended that he should be entitled to a sum of
much more than $250,000, and not just $135,361, and, to justify that, he
pointed out that the Assistant Registrar was wrong in relation to three sub-
items.

16 At this juncture, we would point out that one should not lose sight of the
fact that, when a plaintiff sues for personal injuries, there is only one
claim for damages, ordinarily consisting of two components, general damages
and special damages, and under each of these components there may be separate
sub-items of claim. Here, before the judge, the total claim made by Pillay was
also close to $1.5 million. On this alone, Teo would have been entitled as of
right to appeal against the judgment entered against him. Of course, the judge
did not award Pillay that collosal sum claimed but only varied the quantum in
relation to two sub-items, making a total of $265,361.

17 Before us, counsel for Pillay seemed to be arguing, relying on the
Malaysian case _Yai Yen Hon v Teng Ah Kok & Ors_ [1997] 2 Ch J 68, that
different consequences could follow, depending upon whether the claim is
liquidated, with the sum claimed being specified, or unliquidated, like a
claim for personal injuries. He submitted that based on _Yai Yen Hon_ where a
claim is liquidated, the amount claimed is relevant. But in respect of an
unliquidated claim, the award of the trial court might well be the relevant
point. Chong Siew Fai CJ, in delivering the judgment of the Federal court,
said:-

Having regard to the wording in proviso (a) of s 68(1) of the Courts of
Judicature Act 1964 and in the light of the authorities cited above, I am of
the view that since the claim of the 1st plaintiff/appellant was well over
RM100,000, he was entitled to appeal without leave even though the trial Court
had awarded RM62,400. In my view, the effect of s 68(1)(a) of the Courts of
Judicature Act 1964 (as it was then in force) was that if the amount or value
of the subject-matter of the claim was RM100,000 or more, appeal could be
brought without leave. To render it necessary that leave should be obtained
the amount or value would have to be less than RM100,000. There might well be
cases where the sums adjudged may be validly taken into account; the instant
appeal before us, however, is not one such case.

18 We do not think it is necessary for us to offer any views on the
proposition made there that where the claim is unliquidated, the sum adjudged
might well be relevant to be taken into account in determining whether leave
is required to file a notice of appeal. Moreover, the Federal Court did not
indicate what would be the sort of cases and circumstances to which that
proposition would apply. We note that the wording of the Malaysian provision
is “the subject-matter of the claim” and ours is “the subject matter at the
trial”. The difference is really slight. While we recognise that the two
formulations could in particular circumstances lead to different results,
there is really no need for us to go more into that.

19 What is of interest to note about _Yai Yen Hon_ is that there, which was a
personal injury claim, the plaintiff at the trial claimed for RM4 million. He
was only awarded a total of RM62,400 by the High Court. He appealed. The
minimum limit set for appeal was RM100,000. The Federal Court held that no
leave was required as the claim exceeded RM100,000.

20 The approach contended by Pillay, of only looking at the quantum which a
party would be disputing before the Court of Appeal to determine if leave is
required, not only ignores the plain words of s 34(2)(a) and our ruling in
_Tan Chiang Brother’s Marble_ , but will also give rise to anomalies.

21 Take a case like the present commenced in the High Court, apart from
special damages, the quantum of general damages which the injured would be
entitled to would be at large. Of course, at the trial itself, the plaintiff
would have to state how much he is claiming for general damages. That,
together with the special damages, would be the value of the subject matter.
Assuming that altogether it is more than $250,000 and supposing the High Court
(whether it be a decision of the High Court itself or a decision on appeal
from the Registrar on assessment) awards the plaintiff a total sum of $200,000
as damages, isn’t the plaintiff entitled as of right to appeal to the Court of
Appeal for a sum claimed which is in excess of $250,000? We do not think such
an appeal would require leave of court. This situation is similar to that in
_Yai Yen Hon_.

22 Suppose further that, notwithstanding that the sum of $200,000 awarded is
well below expectation of the plaintiff, the latter for reasons of his own
decides not to appeal against that award, and instead, it is the defendant who
intends to appeal as he thinks the $200,000 award is still too high, and let’s
say in his view it should be only $120,000, is the defendant obliged to apply
for leave? It seems to us that the answer must also be in the negative as the
test is the same: what is the value of the subject matter at the “trial”?
Otherwise, it would mean that the plaintiff need not apply for leave but the
defendant would require leave, a clear inconsistency.

23 It is vitally important to bear in mind the scheme of things for civil
appeals under the SCJA. Generally, there should be one tier of appeal, whether
it is a case from the District Court, or from the High Court. Even if the
plaintiff had exaggerated his claim and the High Court had only awarded him
less than $250,000, there is no reason why the defendant, who had no hand in
the action being instituted in the High Court, should be denied an opportunity
to appeal if he is dissatisfied with even that lower award.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

