Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Yeh Ee Swan  
[2003] SGHC 257

Case Number | : | OS 426/2003, SIC 5549/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Roy Yeo (Chia Yeo Partnership) for applicant   
Parties | : | —  
  
Mental Disorders and Treatment – Mental disorders and treatment act – Order of
Court appointing husband as Committee of the Person and Estate of his wife –
Whether order covers the opening and closing of bank accounts in his wife's
name  
  

1 This is an ex-parte application by way of a summons-in-chambers by Tan Poh
Sua for an order authorising him to manage and operate three POSB bank
accounts that are in the name of his wife Yeh Ee Swan, and also to open a new
account in the name of ‘Committee of the Person and Estate of Yeh Ee Swan’.
Tan Poh Sua had applied by Originating Summons 426 of 2003 under the Mental
Disorders and Treatment Act (Ch 178) to declare his wife a person of unsound
mind under the Act, and for him to be appointed the ‘Committee of the Person
and Estate’ of his wife. The wife is 34 years old and is in a persistent
vegetative state, a condition that renders her incompetent and incapable of
managing herself and her estate.

2 Originating Summons 426 of 2003 was heard in the High Court on 4 April 2003.
An order in terms of the application was granted by the judge. On the basis of
that order, extracted by the solicitors for the applicant on 14 April 2003,
Tan Poh Sua requested the POSB bank to close the three accounts in the name of
his wife, and to open a new account in his name, as Committee of the Person
and Estate of Yeh Ee Swan.  The bank refused his request unless he obtains a
court order specifically to that effect, that is, in terms of the summons-in-
chambers now before me. The bank is not a party and its reasons for refusal
can only be gleaned from a letter from its solicitors Khattar Wong & Partners
dated 25 September 2003 to the solicitors of Tan Poh Sua. The relevant
passages are found in paragraphs 5 to 6 of the letter which I now reproduce in
full:

‘1. As you are aware, we act for DBS Bank Limited, and we refer to your letter
to our clients dated 12 September 2003.

2. We regret to inform you that our clients are unable to bear your client’s costs for making the application entered Summons-in-Chambers No. 5549/2003/C pursuant to Originating Summons No. 426/2003/M.

3. We would also like to add that our clients cannot be made a party to the application as there are no provisions in the Rules of Court to allow them to be made a party. In particular, Order 15 of the Rules of Court is inapplicable.

4. We have on 19 September 2003 attended with your Mr Roy Yeo at the adjourned hearing before the Honourable Justice Choo Han Teck to ascertain the status of the matter and the learned judge has adjourned the matter to a date to be fixed before him. As there is no necessity for our clients to be present at the next hearing, we will not be attending the same.

5. If it is of any help at all, we have on previous occasions made applications under the Mental Disorders and Treatment Act (Cap 178) for clients of ours (not DBS Bank Limited) to appoint a committee of person and estate and we had expressly asked the court for specific powers which the committee could exercise. One such power which we have applied for and obtained is the power to operate CDP accounts and bank accounts.

6. We are of the view that there cannot be any objection to the court granting you an order in terms of your application. Such an order can be made without the need for our clients or any other party to be joined in the application.

7. Our clients are a reputable bank which is subject to, amongst other things, the supervision of the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, they cannot act in respect of a customer’s account other than in strict accordance with that customer’s instructions or mandate, or otherwise in accordance with an order of court.’

3 That letter carried the names of two solicitors. A bank will not, in the
normal course of business allow a man to operate his wife’s accounts with the
bank unless a court order permits him to do so, but in this case it need only
read the Order of Court dated 4 April 2003 to see that Tan Poh Sua was ordered
to be made ‘Committee of the Person and Estate of Yeh Ee Swan’. If the bank
does not understand the meaning and effect of that order, and it seems that it
does not, then it must seek the advice of its solicitors, which it did.
Unfortunately, the solicitors appeared merely to have taken instructions
instead of rendering advice. I am therefore obliged to explain the effect of
the order of 4 April 2003. That order means that Tan Poh Sua had been
appointed the Committee of the Person and Estate of Yeh Ee Swan and may
henceforth act on her behalf and in her stead in all her matters and affairs,
and that included the right to manage and operate all her bank accounts
including her accounts with the POSB bank. For the avoidance of doubt, it
means that the application by way of this summons-in-chambers is unnecessary
and wrong. From the letter of 12 September 2003 to the solicitors of the POSB
bank, the solicitor for Tan Poh Sua, Mr Roy Yeo, informed them that I was of
the view that the present application was unnecessary. Their response (from
their letter of 25 September) was to disregard Mr Yeo entirely.

4 Reverting to the application, although the reasons why the general order of
4 April 2003 is adequate are obvious, I cannot, in present circumstances, take
for granted that they will be readily understood. Hence, I should now go
further and explain that a ‘generally worded’ order such as ‘Tan Poh Sua is
appointed the Committee of the Person and Estate of the said Yeh Ee Swan’
under the Act is adequate, and that a specific order is not necessary, because
–

1. The general words are intended to cover, and are clear enough to cover specific purposes such as the present. The court should not be asked to approve each and every transaction the Committee intends to carry out in discharge of its duties and functions; and

2. If a customised court order is required for every specific purpose, the committee of the person will be put to unnecessary work, and the estate to unnecessary expense. Some such persons and estates are financially poor. The poorer the estate the greater the need to spare it of such unnecessary expenditure.

5 Yeh Ee Swan, the person on whose account the application was made is caught
in an utterly unfortunate position. The POSB bank refuses to let her committee
discharge its function unless I grant an order specifically to that effect.
But for the reasons I have given above, it would be wrong in principle to
grant the application. I therefore dismiss this application with written
grounds in the hope that the solicitors for the bank will get it right this
time. If not, I can be more explicit, though not necessarily more polite.

6 Finally, I ought to address one more issue in regard to this application,
and that concerned Mr Yeo. In the originating summons he prayed for, _inter
alia_ , ‘an inquiry to be held as to whether the abovenamed Yeh Ee Swan is or
is not of unsound mind and incapable of managing herself and her affairs’. He
then prayed for an order that service on Yeh be dispensed with, and that she
need not appear to attend the inquiry. His third and last substantive prayer
was for an order that Tan Poh Sua be appointed the Committee of the Person and
Estate of the said Yeh Ee Swan. When the judge who heard the originating
summons granted an ‘order in terms’ she clearly did not intend that the order
of court be extracted verbatim because prayer one would be granted only for
the inquiry to proceed. The court’s third order implicitly meant that the
subject Yeh Ee Swan had been found to be mentally incompetent and incapable of
managing her affairs – otherwise the third order would not have been made.
Thus, Mr Yeo ought to have added a prayer after prayer 1 to the effect that
the court do find the said Yeh Ee Swan to be of unsound mind and incapable of
managing herself and her affairs.

The application is, accordingly, dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

