Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Peh Soh Kiat (mw) v Teo Wee Eng  
[2003] SGHC 94

Case Number | : | Div P 3089/1993, SIC 601351/2002, 601589/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Serene Chan Poh Choo (Serene Chan & Co) for the petitioner; Suppiah Thangaveloo (Thanga & Co) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Peh Soh Kiat (mw) — Teo Wee Eng   
  
Family Law – Divorce – Ancillary matters – Application for increase in
maintenance of children – Factors to consider  
  

1 This is an application by the petitioner, now 48 years old, for an increase
of maintenance for the two daughters to the marriage. She wants the
respondent, now 51 years old (ex-husband) to increase the present amount of
$500 each to $1,000 each. The couple was divorced in 1995 and after the decree
was granted, a consent order was reached in respect of the ancillaries. The
petitioner who is a remisier by profession took the five-room Housing and
Development Board (‘HDB’) flat at Toh Yi Drive, and custody of the daughters
then aged 10 and 12 respectively. The respondent who is a coffeeshop
supervisor agreed to pay (and has been paying) maintenance of $1,000 for the
daughters. The petitioner now asks that the maintenance be doubled because the
elder daughter is pursuing a course by distance learning from the Curtin
University and the younger daughter also hopes to pursue a tertiary education
later this year.

2 After the divorce, and having taken over the Toh Yi flat, the petitioner
sold the flat and bought a three-room HDB flat where she has since been
staying with her daughters. She still owes HDB $82,000 for the flat. In 1999
she bought a private apartment at Aura Park for $750,000 and still owes the
bank about $540,000 for it. She thus has a general debt of about $622,000. She
says that at last valuation in December 2002 the Aura Park flat was worth
$600,000. Her present income is $4,000 comprising of $2,000 gross salary and
$2,000 from the rental of the Aura Park flat. She says that the rental income
goes almost entirely to the payment of the mortgages on her properties.

3 The respondent has since remarried with two young children about 8 and 12
years old respectively. His wife used to help him in running a school bus
service but that business has closed and she has since been unemployed. His
salary as a coffeeshop supervisor is about $1,200. However, he had inherited
about 2/3 shares in a house at Trevose Crescent. Two of his siblings own the
remaining 1/3 share. The respondent’s share of the rental from that house is
$5,600. He had disputes with his siblings over the house. They had been to
court over it and Mr Thanga, counsel for the respondent, tells me that Justice
Lai Kew Chai had directed that the house is not to be sold until the lease has
expired. That is due in the later part of 2005. Neither party has much cash in
hand. The respondent holds $10,000 in his account as the rental deposit for
the Trevose Crescent house and that has to be returned in due course.

4 After listening to the submissions of Mr Thanga, and Miss Chan, counsel for
the petitioner, I am of the view that the incomes and assets of the parties
are as set out above even though both sides made allegations that the other
had not been truthful about their respective incomes. Miss Chan submitted that
the respondent’s CPF statements show a sudden drop after the petitioner filed
this application for increase in maintenance. Before that, she said, the CPF
contributions were consistent with an income of $4,000 a month. Now, it is
consistent with $1,200 a month.

5 Mr Thanga stated that the extra income previously was the sum of $8,000
which his coffeeshop employer paid him to cover expenses when he was sent to
China to inquire into the possibility of opening a coffeeshop there but there
was no evidence from the coffeeshop owner to support this assertion. However,
without more, I would be slow to conclude that the respondent had falsified
his income from the coffeeshop. He would, in any event, have to maintain his
CPF payments and continue his declaration of income to the Inland Revenue
Services.

6 In a counter-attack, Mr Thanga pointed out that the petitioner had falsified
her assets by stating that she had closed her Post Office Savings Bank
(‘POSB’) account when a statement from her Development Bank of Singapore
account shows a transaction coming from the POSB account which had purportedly
been closed. This took Miss Chan by surprise and she was not able to explain.

7 Having regard to all that has been put before me and the many affidavits
that had already been filed, I decided not to pursue this allegation because I
am of the view that the money existing in the account before it closed and all
the evidence relating to the income and assets of the petitioner lead me to
conclude that the petitioner probably did not have much assets to conceal.

8 In the context of the findings I make above, I am of the view that the
application for an increase in the maintenance should be dismissed. It appears
to me that both parties are financially stretched to their limits. On the
balance, it appears that the respondent has a greater income, but he too, has
his family to maintain, and a mortgage of his HDB flat to pay. I believe that
he would, if required, be able to afford to pay $150 more towards each of the
daughters of his first marriage. But to make an order in this way would be
wrong in principle because it would be an order made purely on the ground of
charity. The petitioner’s reason for the increase in maintenance is that the
daughters need the extra money for their tertiary education. But it is
undisputed that the younger daughter has not even qualified for a place in a
tertiary institution. If she decides to enter the job market instead the
maintenance may no longer be necessary. This application was therefore made
prematurely, and in my view, the natural inference is that the petitioner may
be short of money but for other reasons. But the petitioner is not truly
impecunious in that she had purchased a private flat which is an asset to
herself after the divorce. The only reason that she is not prepared to sell it
is that the sale would not give her the capital gains that she would have
liked. Hence, if she prefers to keep the asset, then she must balance her
budget accordingly. So, even though the respondent is better off than she he
ought not be compelled to make further sacrifices under present circumstances.

9 It must not be forgotten that the maintenance is for the daughters. It is
true that over the years, the costs of maintenance may increase, but in this
case the amount agreed was reasonably high from the outset so far as this
family is concerned, and having reviewed the needs of each daughter, I am
satisfied that $500 is still adequate. Finally, it ought to be reiterated that
the petitioner’s reason for the increase is the increase expenses for their
tertiary education but as I had mentioned earlier, that has not come fully to
pass.

10 There will be no order in respect of this application but the petitioner is
given leave to apply should the circumstances change. Each party is to bear
his own costs in respect of the present application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

