Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Shan Kai Weng v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 274

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 13/2003, MA 144/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 November 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Bhargavan Sujatha (Bhargavan & Co) for the appellant; James E Lee (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Shan Kai Weng — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Principles –
Whether accused understood nature and consequences of plea – Whether accused
admitted offence without qualification  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Possession of controlled drug
under s 8(a) of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) – Whether
sentence manifestly excessive  
  

1 This was a petition for criminal revision of a decision of a subordinate
court, and an appeal against the sentence imposed. I dismissed the application
for revision, but allowed the appeal against sentence and reduced the sentence
imposed. I now give my reasons.

**The undisputed facts**

2 On 7 July 2003, the appellant was driving into Singapore at 2.30am when he
was stopped by the police, and his vehicle searched at the Woodlands
Checkpoint Arrival Car Inspection Pit. The police officers found a tablet
inside a red wrapper at the driver’s seat near the dashboard. The appellant
admitted to ownership of the tablet and was placed under arrest. His urine
tested negative for drug consumption.

3 Upon analysis by the Health Sciences Authority, the tablet was found to
contain nimetazepam, a Class C controlled drug listed in the first schedule to
the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185)(the “MDA”).

4 On 5 August 2003, the appellant appeared before the district judge in person
and pleaded guilty to the following charge for unlawful possession of drugs:

You, Shan Kai Weng, M/27 years old, IC No S76111491, are charge [_sic_] that
you, on or about the 7th day of July 2003 at about 0230 hrs, at Woodlands
Checkpoint Arrival Car Inspection Pit, Singapore, did have in your possession
a controlled drug as specified in Class C of the First Schedule to the Misuse
of Drugs Act (Chapter 185), to wit, one tablet marked “028” on one side and
“5” on the other side which was analysed and found to contain nimetazepam,
without authorization under the said Act or the Regulation made thereunder,
and you have thereby committed an offence under Section 8(a) and punishable
under Section 33 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Chapter 185).

5 The Notes of Evidence for the relevant court proceedings state:

> > > Charge read, explained and understood in English.
>>>

>>> Punishment prescribed by law explained to Accused.

>>>

>>> Accused pleads guilty.

>>>

>>> Understands nature and consequences of plea.

>>>

>>> Statement of Facts “A”.

>>>

>>> Statement of Facts read.

>>>

>>> Facts admitted without qualification.

Court: Guilty and convicted.

Antecedents: Nothing known.

Mitigation: I am pleading for a light sentence.

Court: Six months’ imprisonment.

**The appellant’s case**

6 The appellant did not deny possession of the tablet. However, he claimed
before me that he did not know the nature of the tablet in his possession,
believing it to be a sleeping pill. His version of events was as follows: –

7 Whilst playing volleyball at Sentosa in mid-May 2003, the appellant
complained about having constant headaches from early May. An acquaintance,
one “John”, told him that he had some tablets for headaches, which had helped
him. John gave the appellant a tablet, which the appellant believed to be a
sleeping pill. The appellant took the tablet. Since he did not have a headache
at the time, he left the tablet in his car.

8 On 19 June 2003, the appellant had to undergo minor surgery to remove three
of his wisdom teeth. He was given eight days medical leave after surgery. The
dentist told him that his headaches could have been caused by his problems
with his teeth. After the surgery, the appellant no longer experienced the
headaches. Having no need of the tablet, he left it in his car and forgot
about it until the police officers found it.

9 When stopped at the Woodlands checkpoint, the appellant’s immediate response
to the investigating officers was that the tablet was a sleeping pill. Upon
further questioning, he explained to them how he had come by the tablet; that
he had believed all along that it was a sleeping pill, and that he only came
to know it was a controlled drug when the officers told him so. In reply, the
police officers told him that since they had found him with the drug, they
would charge him for possession of the drug, regardless of whether he knew
what it was.

10 The appellant was not represented by counsel when he appeared before the
trial judge. At the time his plea was taken, he believed that there was
nothing more he could add to its contents, as he had already stated his
position to the police officers earlier. He thus pleaded guilty to the charge,
and intimated that he knew the nature and consequences of his plea. As
reflected in the Notes of Evidence, he also admitted to the Statement of Facts
without qualification after it was read to him. The relevant portion of the
Statement of Facts reads:

Upon checking the vehicle driver’s seat near the steering wheel dashboard,
complainant recovered one tablet inside a red wrapper with the marking “5”
believed to be a controlled drug. Accused was the driver of the vehicle and he
admitted ownership to the one tablet. Accused was then placed under arrest for
possession of controlled drugs.

11 The Statement of Facts went on to say that upon analysis, the tablet was
found to contain nimetazepam, a class C controlled drug listed in the MDA. The
appellant claimed that he believed that he had to admit to the Statement of
Facts since it was true that he was found with the tablet. He was not aware of
the presumption under s 18 of the MDA, which provides:

(1) Any person who is proved to have had in his possession or custody or under
his control –

(a) anything containing a controlled drug;

……

shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have had the drug in his
possession.

(2) Any person who is proved or presumed to have had a controlled drug in his
possession shall, until the contrary is proved, be presumed to have known the
nature of that drug.

As such, he argued that he was unaware that he should qualify his plea by
informing the court that he was unaware that the tablet was a controlled drug,
so as to rebut the presumption that he knew the nature of the drug

12 The appellant also told the court that he was worried about the
consequences should his employers find out about the case. He thought that if
he pleaded guilty, he would simply be fined, and could “move on with his
life”.

13 It was on this basis that the appellant petitioned for criminal revision.
In the alternative, he appealed against the sentence of six months
imprisonment as being manifestly excessive.

**Petition for criminal revision**

_Principles of revision_

14 The High Court’s revisionary powers are conferred by s 23 of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322)(the “SCJA”) and s 268 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68)(the “CPC”). It is trite law that these powers of
revision are discretionary, and will be exercised sparingly: _Mok Swee Kok v
PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 140. It is not the purpose of criminal revision to become “a
convenient form of ‘backdoor appeal’ against conviction for accused persons
who had pleaded guilty to their charges”, as articulated in _Teo Hee Heng v
PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 168 at 172.

15 The test laid down by the courts is whether the failure to exercise
revisionary powers will result in serious injustice being done. No precise
definition of what constitutes serious injustice is possible – however, it
must generally be shown that there was something palpably wrong in the
decision by the court below, which strikes at its basis as an exercise of
judicial power: see _Ang Poh Chuan v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 326 at 330, followed in
_Ngian Chin Boon v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 119 and _Balasubramanian Palaniappa
Vaiyapuri v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 314.

16 Whereas the function of the appellate court is to examine the evidence and
come to an independent finding on each issue of fact, the revisionary court
should confine itself to errors of law or procedure. It should deal with
questions of evidence or finding of facts only in exceptional circumstances to
prevent a miscarriage of justice: _Sarjit Singh s/o Mehar Singh v PP_ [2002] 4
SLR 762 at 767.

17 Bearing these principles in mind, I turn to the petition at hand.

_Validity of the plea of guilt_

18 The appellant’s arguments that he did not realise the need to qualify his
plea before the judge, and his belief that he would only be given a fine,
essentially challenged the validity of his plea of guilt. The common law has
evolved various procedural safeguards to ensure that a plea of guilt can
safely form a basis for conviction. The test has been definitively laid down
in _Ganesun s/o Kannan v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 560, and followed in _Rajeevan
Edakalavan v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 815 and _Koh Thian Huat v PP_ [2002] 3 SLR 28.
As such, the following safeguards must be observed before a plea of guilt can
be deemed valid and unequivocal. First, the court must ensure that it is the
accused himself who wishes to plead guilty. As such, the accused should plead
guilty by his own mouth, and not through his counsel. Second, the court must
ascertain whether the accused understands the nature and consequences of his
plea. Third, the court must establish that the accused intends to admit
without qualification the offence alleged against him.

Pleading guilty by his own mouth

19 In my view, there was no dispute that the appellant pleaded guilty to the
charge by his own mouth.

Understanding the nature and consequences of his plea

20 Clarifying what the second requirement of understanding the nature and
consequences of one’s plea means, this court held in _Balasubramanian_ that
understanding the “nature” of the plea means that the accused must know
exactly what he is being charged with. To understand the “consequences” of the
plea, the accused must be aware of the punishment prescribed by the law so
that he knows the possible sentence he will receive upon conviction.

21 The appellant argued that he failed to appreciate that possession of the
drug with knowledge of it being a controlled drug was an important ingredient
of the offence. Further, he did not understand the consequence of his plea,
since he thought that he would be let off with a fine.

22 I found this argument unmeritorious. First, the appellant could not have
been unaware that he was pleading guilty to a charge of possession of
controlled drugs. This was laid out very clearly in the charge and Statement
of Facts which were both read to him, and which he indicated that he
understood. The Notes of Evidence also record that the punishment prescribed
by law – a maximum of ten years imprisonment, a fine of $20,000, or both – was
explained to him before he pleaded guilty. There was no suggestion that his
plea was made involuntarily, or that the trial judge had deviated from the
requisite procedure. The appellant did not attempt to impute any deception on
the part of the court or the prosecution. Moreover, the appellant was working
as an Information Technology Support Staff at the time of his arrest. Given
all these considerations, I found no issue of the appellant being prejudiced
as a result of illiteracy or inability to understand the proceedings. I also
drew support for my conclusion from the case of _Rajeevan Edakalavan_ , where
I held that:

The fact that the petitioner was not informed of his right to counsel or the
defences open to him did not make the plea any less valid and unequivocal…

23 The appellant’s contention that he did not understand the nature of his
plea because he was unaware that knowledge of the drug was an important
ingredient of the offence is untenable for another reason. As noted earlier,
ss 18(1) and 18(2) of the MDA lay down a “double” statutory presumption. Where
a person is in possession of a bag or package which, in fact, contains a
controlled drug, it is presumed that he is in possession of and knows the
nature of the controlled drug. It is open to the accused to rebut these
presumptions: _PP v Hla Win_ [1995] 2 SLR 424, _Lim Lye Huat Benny v PP_
[1996] 1 SLR 253. The Court of Appeal in _Tan Ah Tee & Another v PP_
[1978-1979] SLR 211 considered the sort of explanation required to rebut the
presumption of knowledge of the nature of the drug under s 18(2) of the MDA
(then s 16 of the MDA 1973). The Court approved the approach of Lord Pearce in
the House of Lords decision, _R v Warner_ [1969] 2 AC 256, accepting that the
word “possession” in the MDA should be construed as Lord Pearce had construed
it. Thus, the Court held that:

… the term “possession” is satisfied by a knowledge only of the existence of
the thing itself and not its qualities, and that ignorance or mistake as to
its qualities is not an excuse … _Though I reasonably believe the tablets
which I possess to be aspirin, yet if they turn out to be heroin I am in
possession of heroin tablets._ This would be so I think even if I believed
them to be sweets. It would be otherwise if I believed them to be something of
a wholly different nature. (my emphasis)

24 The position under our law, therefore, is that possession is proven once
the accused knows of the existence of the thing itself. Ignorance or mistake
as to its qualities is no excuse. The appellant knew that the tablet was in
his car. He believed it to be a sleeping pill, which, like the aspirin of the
hypothetical in _Warner_ and _Tan Ah Tee_ , is a drug. As such, his ignorance
as to the qualities of the tablet did not provide him a defence to the charge
of possession, and his contention that he did not understand the nature of his
plea could not stand.

25 I noted however, that although the law does not accept ignorance of the
qualities of the drug as a defence to a charge of possession, such ignorance
may be accepted as a valid mitigating factor: _PP v Chan Choon Chye_ (MA
59/2002, DC, unreported judgment dated 25/4/2002).

Intending to admit without qualification the offence alleged against him

26 This third safeguard requires the court to establish that the accused
intends to admit without qualification the offence alleged against him – that
is, he must admit to all the ingredients of the offence contained in the
Statement of Facts without qualification: _Rajeevan Edakalavan_ and _Toh Lam
Seng v PP_ [2003] 2 SLR 346.

27 The appellant contended under this limb that his plea of guilt was
qualified by his belief that the tablet was a sleeping pill. Although he did
not voice this qualification to the judge, this was because he had already
declared his belief to the police officers, and thought that it would be on
the record.

28 A plea of guilt is only qualified by statements in the mitigation plea
where such statements indicate a lack of _mens rea_ or _actus reus_ :
_Balasubramanian_. In _Toh Lam Seng_ , the petitioner alleged that his claim
of provocation in his mitigation plea qualified his plea of guilt to a charge
of voluntarily causing hurt under s 323 of the Penal Code (Cap 224), making it
equivocal. This court rejected the petitioner’s argument on the grounds that
his allegations of provocation did not contradict his admissions to the
material elements of the Statement of Facts or to the charge. Further, the
instances of the alleged provocation fell short of satisfying the requirements
of “grave and sudden provocation”, and could only be a mitigatory
circumstance.

29 Similarly, I found that in the present case, the appellant’s belief that
the tablet was a sleeping pill was no defence to the charge of possession and
could only be a mitigatory circumstance. I considered that the appellant did
not even make mention of his belief when making his plea in mitigation. Even
if I considered this un-communicated belief to form part of his mitigation
plea, I found it plain that neither of the _Balasubramanian_ requirements was
satisfied on the facts. As such, I was of the view that the appellant’s
belief, even if expressed to the court, would not have qualified his plea of
guilt.

30 For the foregoing reasons, I found it very clear that the appellant failed
to make out his application for criminal revision. Accordingly, I dismissed
the application.

**Appeal against sentence**

31 The punishment prescribed by law for an offence under s 8(a) of the MDA is
a maximum of ten years’ imprisonment, a fine of $20,000 or both.

32 In considering this appeal against sentence, I was mindful of the
principles governing an appellate court when faced with such an appeal. It is
trite law that an appellate court will only interfere with a sentence imposed
by a lower court if it is satisfied that (a) the sentencing judge made the
wrong decision as to the proper factual basis for sentence; (b) there was an
error on the part of the trial judge in appreciating the material placed
before him; (c) the sentence was wrong in principle or (d) the sentence
imposed was manifestly excessive: _Tan Koon Swan v PP_ [1986] SLR 126 and _Lim
Poh Tee v PP_ [2001] 1 SLR 674.

33 The appellant appealed on the fourth ground – that the sentence of six
months imposed on him was manifestly excessive in view of the fact that he had
no antecedents or convictions. The prosecution, on the other hand, contended
that the sentence correctly reflected the concern of the courts with the
growing trend of synthetic drug abuse, and furthermore, that the sentence was
within the sentencing tariff for similar offences.

_Current sentencing tariffs for Class C drugs_

34 In coming to his decision as to sentence, the trial judge noted that,
although nimetazepam is a Class C controlled drug, it is nevertheless “equally
insidious in its reach and appeal to young drug offenders” when compared to
Class A or B synthetic drugs, which have a starting point of ten to twelve
months imprisonment. The trial judge also found that the current sentencing
tariff for illegal possession of small quantities of a Class C type drug is a
jail sentence ranging from six to nine months. In a very exceptional case, the
offender may be sentenced to three months imprisonment. In reaching this
conclusion, the trial judge considered two cases which involved possession of
the same quantity of nimetazepam tablets as in the present case.

35 In _Tang Wai Mun v PP_ (MA 298/2001, DC, unreported judgment dated
20/11/2001), the accused, also a first offender, claimed in mitigation that he
had been given the tablet by two girls as part of a “dare”. He took it knowing
that it was a drug, and pocketed it, planning to throw it away later. As there
were no aggravating factors or exceptional mitigating circumstances, he was
sentenced to three months imprisonment.

36 In _Tan Wang Hiang Dawn v PP_ (MA 13/2002, DC, unreported judgment dated
22/1/2002), the accused claimed that the drug was given to her by a friend to
help her with her sleeping problems. It appears that she was aware of the
nature of the drug when she accepted it. She did not consume the tablet. The
trial judge was not convinced of her explanation, but accepted that she was
not an addict, and sentenced her to nine months imprisonment.

37 Counsel for the appellant referred me to the case of _Ching Ling Kah @
Lincoln Cheng v PP_ (MA 235/95, HC, unreported judgment dated 27/2/1996). The
appellant in that case was charged with possession of 116 tablets of a Class C
drug, triazolam, which he took for his chronic insomnia. He had no prior
convictions. I set aside his jail sentence of 6 months, ordering him to pay
the maximum fine of $20,000 instead. The facts of that case were rather
exceptional, since the appellant had been prescribed the tablets by his
doctor, and had been consuming them for years.

38 I also considered another recent case not cited by the trial judge, _PP v
Chan Choon Chye_ , where the accused was sentenced to six months imprisonment
for possession of six tablets of class C drugs. In arriving at this sentence,
the judge considered the plea of the accused in mitigation – that he had a
medical problem and had been given the six tablets by a friend who said that
the tablets would help him. The judge noted that the quantum of drugs was
small, and that a short custodial sentence was justified. The accused had
various previous convictions, including a conviction for consumption of a
controlled drug. In contrast, I noted the fact that the appellant in the
present case has no prior convictions whatsoever.

39 I surveyed the cases and took into account the sentences meted out in each
case, but also bore in mind that each case, and the sentence imposed therein,
should ultimately be decided on its own facts.

_Mitigating factors_

40 In reaching his decision as to sentence, the trial judge noted that the
appellant had not offered any explanation as to how he came to be in
possession of the drug. As such, the judge felt that there were no mitigating
factors of exceptional significance. Rather, the fact that he was caught
bringing the drug into Singapore was treated as an aggravating factor.

41 A sentence may be manifestly excessive when it fails to accommodate the
extenuating circumstances or mitigating circumstances: _Sim Boon Chai v PP_
[1982] 1 MLJ 353.

42 After careful consideration of the facts, I noted that the appellant had no
record of drug abuse, and had substantiated his claim of bad headaches by
producing his medical report and medical certificate given after his wisdom
teeth operation. In my view, it was not inconceivable that his impacted wisdom
teeth could have caused his headaches. As such, the appellant’s version of
events leading up to his possession of the tablet was not far-fetched. I
further considered the fact that the appellant’s claim was not an
afterthought, as he raised it before the police officers, only to be told that
it was to no avail. Moreover, this was his first brush with the law, as well
as his first appearance in court, made without the benefit of defence counsel.
As such, I gave credence to his claim of ignorance of the fact that what he
told the police officers would not be on record before the trial judge. I also
accepted that what the police officers had told him may have had some effect
on his failure to bring the mitigating circumstances to the attention of the
court.

43 In view of these exceptional circumstances, including the lack of evidence
that the appellant had actively procured the drug, I came to the conclusion
that the appellant’s version of events was not implausible, and should be
considered in mitigation when meting out his sentence. By the same token, I
did not consider the fact that he drove into Singapore with the drug to be an
aggravating factor. The appellant was not importing the drug – it merely
happened to be in his car when he drove out of Singapore into Johore Bahru and
back again, remaining unopened all the while.

44 For all these reasons, I came to the conclusion that on the very special
facts of this case, a sentence of six months was too harsh and manifestly
excessive.

**Conclusion**

45 Accordingly, I dismissed the petition for revision, and reduced the
sentence to one month’s imprisonment.

Petition dismissed.

Appeal allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Nov 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

