Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Teng Cheng Sin v Law Fay Yuen (m.w.)  
[2003] SGHC 76

Case Number | : | DA 38/2002/W  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hee Theng Fong and Tay Wee Chong (Hee Theng Fong & Co) for the appellant; Respondent in person   
Parties | : |  Teng Cheng Sin — Law Fay Yuen (m.w.)   
  
Administrative Law – Natural justice – Allegations that trial not fair and
impartial – Failure to give copies of documents to appellant – Referral by
trial judge to incidents subsequent to complaint  
  
Evidence – Documentary evidence – Medical reports – Whether direct evidence of
assault  
  
Family Law – Family violence – Orders for protection – Grant of personal
protection order – Women's Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) s 65  
  

1 The Family Court heard an application by a wife for a personal protection
order against her husband. Both parties appeared in person at the hearing
before a District Judge. After hearing them, the judge issued the order
sought. The husband’s appeal against the order came up before me.

2 The parties were married in 1990 and have three children. The marriage ran
into difficulties and the wife Law Fay Yuen left the matrimonial home on 6
December 2001.

3 However, she would return to the house from time to time. The husband Teng
Cheng Sin disapproves of this and believes that she should not do that without
his consent or an order of court.[1] She on the other hand feels that she is
entitled to return to the matrimonial house.[2]

4 When the wife returned to the house on the morning of 2 January 2002 matters
came to a head. She had gone to the house as it was the first day of school
and she went to pick up apparel and books for her two sons. She said that when
her husband saw her he pulled her necklace on which she wore a whistle, and
caused the necklace to break. She alleged that he then pushed her to the front
gate of the house. When she held onto the gate he took his keys from his
pocket and struck her hands with them. After she released her hold on the
gate, he closed the gate.

5 She called for police assistance. The recorded message read “I having some
problem with my husband. Require assistance.” Another call was made by a
person identified as Mr Sia that “A Chinese family is having a dispute.”

6 The police arrived and attended to her. She went to the National University
Hospital on their advice and made a police report at 1.35 pm, setting out her
complaint against her husband. At about 3.21 pm she was examined by Dr Elaine
Liu at the Accident and Emergency Department of the hospital. Dr Liu prepared
a report on the examination. She set down the wife’s account of the events,
and noted that she had two abrasions on the right side of her lower neck and
bruises and scratches on her forearms and hands. In a further report Dr Liu
stated that she was unable to confirm if those injuries were self-inflicted or
inflicted by an external party, and could only say that they were consistent
with the history given by the wife. The wife obtained another report from Dr
Perry Travers, a consultant at the Emergency Department at NUH who concurred
that the injuries were consistent with the alleged assault.

7 The husband gave his account of the events of that morning at the hearing.
He said (with emphasis added by me)

On 2nd January 2002 at about 9 am while I was brushing my teeth, preparing to
go to work, my maid nervously told me that Complainant came again and packed
two big bags of things to take them away. Immediately I rushed down but could
not find anyone. I then saw Complainant standing on the grass patch. I told
her not to disturb the kids as they are so pitiful. Complainant tried to get
in on 2nd January 2002 to take away the uniforms.

I asked her to leave what she has taken and not disturb us further _.
Complainant did not answer me and walked towards the gate_. Complainant lied
saying that I pushed her all the way to the gate. She walked to the gate on
her own. She also lied to say that I pulled her whistle. How could she blow
the whistle if I had taken it away from the start. ... How could so many
things happen in three minutes? Just before I closed the gate, _Complainant
put her hand in between the gate. I tried to push Complainant’s hand away
because I saw her hand between the gate. The momentum of the gate caused it to
hit both our hands._ I also sustained some abrasions but I could treat myself.
The lesion is negligible.[3]

8 In this account, there was no altercation between them. He asked her to
leave, she ignored him and went to the gate. He did not explain why it was
necessary for him to go to the gate with her or to close the gate when her
hands were on it.

9 The family maid Sumiati bte Merdi also gave evidence at the hearing. She did
not see the events. She heard the husband ask the wife to leave and the wife
shouting back. She also heard a whistle, but she did not know who blew it.
Then the husband left the house, and the wife called for the police.[4]

10 The district judge accepted the evidence of the wife. She stated in para 11
of the Grounds of Decision that

Whilst there exists the possibility that Mdm Law’s injuries could have been
self-inflicted, I have to make a finding on the evidence and I am of the view
that this is unlikely on the facts. Apart from the opinions of the two doctors
that the injuries were consistent with the case history provided by Mdm Law,
there are also other important aspects of the case which bear close scrutiny.
Mdm Law’s description of the assault on 2 January 2002 was at all material
times, lucid and generally consistent in content. She lost no time in
gathering the evidence necessary to support her case. She lodged a police
report on the day of the incident and sought prompt medical attention. She had
called the police to the matrimonial home immediately after the incident.
Contrary to what Mr Teng would have the court believe, she would have had
little or no opportunity to fabricate the assault and to inflict injuries upon
herself in the circumstances. I would accord due weight to the police and
medical reports as these are contemporaneous records of the events of 2
January 2002 and the doctor’s findings respectively.

11 She also referred to reports of Dr Liu and Dr Travers that the wife’s
injuries were consistent with an assault, and found it improbable that the
injuries were caused by the momentum of the gate.[5]

12 The district judge had before her the wife’s first information report,
police report, and her evidence in court. The details of the incident varied
in the accounts. That is acceptable given the different circumstances in which
each account was given. The telephone call was a call for help more than a
narration of the events. Police reports tend to be longer, but it is normally
in court that the details come out. The differences do not necessarily mean
that the wife was not to be believed. It was sufficient that the wife’s
evidence was on the whole credible, as the district judge had found.

13 In the appeal, counsel appeared for the husband. The issues raised were

(1) whether the abrasions on the wife’s neck was self-inflicted,

(2) whether the abrasions on the wife’s arm was caused by the momentum of the
gate which the husband was trying to close, and

(3) whether the husband was deprived of a fair and impartial trial because (i)
the district judge refused him to refer to any event of 31 August 2001 but
allowed the wife to refer to an event of 24 August 2002[6]; and (ii) he was
not given copies of the photographs of the wife’s injuries, Dr Perry Travers’
medical report and the Complaint Form for the purpose of cross-examination.[7]

14 The first two points on the cause of the injuries can be considered
together. Counsel for the husband took issue with the district judge’s
reliance on the medical reports. He submitted that the doctors found that the
injuries were consistent with the wife’s claim, and did not confirm that she
was actually assaulted.

15 While that is true, counsel made too much of it. The district judge did not
regard the medical reports as direct evidence that the wife was assaulted by
the husband. The reports were taken into consideration as part of all the
available evidence. The district judge was right to take into consideration
the fact that the medical findings were consistent with the wife’s evidence.

16 Another complaint was that the husband was not given copies of the
photographs, medical reports and forms.

17 The complaint was not that he was not allowed to see these documents during
the hearing and it is not clear whether he had asked for copies of those
documents.

18 At the hearing the parties appeared in person, and the hearing may not have
been conducted to the same standard if counsel were briefed. It would have
been wrong if the documents were not shown to the husband at all. If they were
shown to him, and he needed time to study or make copies of them, he should be
allowed to do that. But if he was shown and made no request that reduces the
force of his complaint.

19 The complaint arising from the admission of the wife’s evidence of another
incident on 24 August 2002 was more significant. Counsel said that the husband
was taken by surprise as well he would, since the hearing was properly in
respect of an incident of 2 January.

20 The district judge should not have allowed evidence of a disputed incident
which occurred two and a half months after the application was made.

21 However this error did not affect the essential validity of the order she
made. The undisputed fact is that the wife believes that she has a right to
return to the house, whereas the husband considers her a trespasser. This will
continue to be a source of annoyance and hostility whenever the wife returns
to the house.

22 Section 65(1) of the Women’s Charter provides that

The Court may, upon satisfaction on a balance of probabilities that family
violence has been committed or is likely to be committed against a family
member and that it is necessary for the protection of the family member, make
a protection order restraining the person against whom the order is made from
using family violence against the family member.

23 As long as the parties maintain their positions (and there is no indication
of any change), a repetition of the incident is likely. On that basis, an
order is justified without reference to the disputed incident of 24 August.

24 In the light of the foregoing examination of the matters, I dismissed the
husband’s appeal.

  

* * *

[1] Notes of Evidence pages 4-5

[2] Notes of Evidence page 6

[3] Notes of Evidence page 9

[4] Notes of Evidence page 14

[5] Grounds of Decision para 17

[6] Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments para 27

[7] Appellant’s Skeletal Arguments para 29

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

