Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chandara Sagaran s/o Rengayah v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 17

Case Number | : | MA 280/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 February 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kertar Singh (Kertar & Co) for the appellant; Sia Aik Kor (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Chandara Sagaran s/o Rengayah — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Considerations – Using
vehicle without third-party risks insurance cover – Whether holding foreign
driving licence a mitigating factor – Whether driving without valid local
driving licence an aggravating factor – Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and
Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed) ss 3(1) and 3(2)  
  

**The charge**

1 This was an appeal against sentence. The appellant, Chandara Sagaran s/o
Rengayah (‘Chandara’), is a Malaysian citizen and a Singapore permanent
resident. He has held a Malaysian driving licence to drive the equivalent of
Singapore’s Class 3 vehicles since 1989. He does not hold a Singapore driving
licence.

2 On 29 September 2002 at about 8.35 am, the appellant was driving along the
Pan Island Expressway in a company vehicle SCF 6564 H (‘the company vehicle’).
A traffic police corporal on patrol noticed that the appellant was not wearing
a seat belt and stopped him for investigation. Four different charges were
subsequently brought against him in the district court. He pleaded guilty to
all four charges.

3 The first charge alleged that the appellant had taken and driven away the
company vehicle without the consent of the owner, thereby committing an
offence punishable under s 96(1) of the Road Traffic Act (Cap 276) (‘RTA’).
The offence is punishable with a fine not exceeding $1,000 or to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding three months. The judge imposed a $1,000 fine, with
ten days’ imprisonment in default.

4 The second charge alleged that the appellant had driven the company vehicle
without a Class 3 driving licence, thereby committing an offence under s 35(1)
of the RTA. Under s 131(1A) of the RTA, the offence is punishable with a fine
not exceeding $1,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months.
The judge imposed a $800 fine, with eight days’ imprisonment in default.

5 The third charge alleged that the appellant had used the company vehicle
without an insurance policy or security in respect of third party risks,
thereby committing an offence under s 3(1) of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party
Risks and Compensation) Act (Cap 189) (‘MVA’). Under s 3(2) of the MVA, the
offence is punishable with a fine not exceeding $1,000 or to imprisonment for
a term not exceeding three months or to both. In addition, the offender shall
be disqualified, in the absence of special reasons, from holding or obtaining
a driving licence for a minimum period of 12 months from the date of
conviction. The judge imposed a $600 fine, with six days’ imprisonment in
default, and two years’ disqualification from driving all classes of vehicles.

6 The fourth charge alleged that the appellant had failed to wear a seat belt
while driving the company vehicle, thereby committing an offence under r 4(1)
of the Road Traffic (Motor Vehicle, Wearing of Seat Belts) Rules (Cap 276)
(‘RTR’). Under r 12 of the RTR, the offence is punishable with a fine not
exceeding $1,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding three months. The
judge imposed a $500 fine, with five days’ imprisonment in default.

7 The appellant duly paid the fines but appealed against the sentences. After
hearing arguments from both parties, I dismissed his appeal. I now give my
reasons.

**The appeal**

8 The appellant appealed against his sentences on two grounds. First, the two-
year disqualification order imposed under s 3(2) of the MVA for using a
vehicle without third-party risks insurance cover was manifestly excessive.
Secondly, the total sentences imposed for the four charges were manifestly
excessive.

**The two-year disqualification order**

9 The judge was mindful that the sentence here was above the minimum period of
12 months’ disqualification prescribed under s 3(2) of the MVA for using a
vehicle without third-party risks insurance cover. He held however that the
present case warranted a longer period of disqualification due to the presence
of various aggravating factors, particularly, the fact that the appellant did
not hold a valid driving licence.

10 The appellant contended that the judge had erred on two main grounds.
First, since it was the absence of a driving licence that led to him driving
the company vehicles without third-party risks insurance cover, such an
absence could not constitute an aggravating factor in sentencing. I found this
argument fallacious. A person may drive a vehicle without third-party risks
insurance cover for different reasons. For instance, he may have carelessly
forgotten to renew his insurance coverage or driving licence. In such cases,
one can plausibly argue that the breach is merely ‘technical’ and hence does
not warrant disqualification above the minimum period of 12 months.

11 In this appeal however, the appellant _knew_ that he did not hold a valid
driving licence and consequently had no third-party risks insurance cover. A
longer period of disqualification was warranted here not only because the
appellant’s conduct was deliberate, but also because he lacked the requisite
level of knowledge to navigate our roads and consequently had placed the
safety of other road users in jeopardy. This in turn increased the risks of a
traffic accident, and consequently leaving the victims without any
compensation should he not be able to satisfy judgment. The prevention of such
a result lies at the heart of the enactment of s 3(2) of the MVA: _Stewart
Ashley James v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 426 at 428A-B. In my opinion, public interests
demand the imposition of a longer period of disqualification in order to deter
such irresponsible conduct.

12 The appellant’s second argument was that since he held a valid Malaysian
driving licence and had a clean driving record in Malaysia, he was hence "an
experienced and qualified driver" and could not be said to have put the safety
of others and himself in jeopardy. There was therefore no need to prohibit him
from driving for such a prolonged period. I found this argument totally
unconvincing. Section 38(1) of the RTA allows a ‘foreign driving licence’
holder who is _temporarily_ in Singapore to drive without a local driving
licence. Section 2(1) of the RTA in turn defines a ‘foreign driving licence’
as one issued in a country which has in force a treaty with Singapore to
recognise licences issued in countries which are parties to the treaty.
Malaysia is such a country by virtue of the ‘Agreement on the Recognition of
Domestic Driving Licences Issued by ASEAN Countries’, which entered into force
on 6 January 1988.

13 Since the appellant is a permanent resident, and not merely temporarily in
Singapore, he would still require a local driving licence to drive on
Singapore roads. While temporary periods of driving without a local licence
poses only manageable public safety risks, the same cannot be said for regular
and longer periods of driving without a local licence, as a permanent resident
can do. Similarly, while it would be unduly inconvenient to require temporary
visitors to obtain a local driving licence, the same also cannot be said for
permanent resident drivers. More importantly, the fact that the appellant was
a qualified driver in another country did not mean that he could not have put
the safety of other road users and himself in jeopardy. The clearest
illustration of this was the fact that he was caught not wearing a seat belt
while he was driving. Clearly, he either was unaware of an important local
road safety regulation or he deliberately chose to flout it. Lastly, while a
permanent resident is entitled to certain rights, he is also subject to
responsibilities. In this case, the appellant’s responsibilities were to
obtain a valid local driving licence and to ensure that there was adequate
third-party risks insurance cover. The fact that he had fulfilled these
responsibilities in another country was not a mitigating factor in sentencing
before our courts. The judge was hence correct in imposing a two-year
disqualification order on the facts of this appeal.

**The total sentences imposed for the four charges**

14 The aggregate sentences for the four charges were a cumulative fine of
$2,900 and two years’ disqualification from driving all classes of vehicles.
As in all cases where a cumulative sentence is imposed for multiple offences,
the key consideration in this appeal was the application of the totality
principle, that is, the judge must not only ensure that the individual
sentences were neither unreasonable nor excessive, he must also ensure that
the overall punishment meted out for the multiple offences was proportional to
the overall gravity of the appellant’s conduct, taking into account the
circumstances in which he committed the offences and his previous records:
_Maideen Pillai v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 161 and _Ow Yew Beng v PP_ [MA/30/2002]. In
_Chia Kah Boon v PP_ [1999] 4 SLR 72, I further held that the totality
principle applied equally to a cumulative sentence made up of fines although
hitherto it had been applied locally only in the context of cumulative
imprisonment terms. In view of the aggravating factors in this case,
especially the fact that the appellant had seriously jeopardised the safety
and interests of the public, by driving without a valid driving licence and
without third-party risks insurance coverage, the overall punishment meted out
was certainly proportional to the gravity of his conduct. In fact, the
sentences were nowhere near the statutory maximum - the appellant could have
been imprisoned for up to three months for each of these offences.

**Conclusion**

15 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal and upheld the decision
of the judge.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Feb 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

