Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Creative Technology Ltd v Cosmos Trade-Nology Pte Ltd and Another  
[2003] SGHC 188

Case Number | : | Suit 68/2003, SIC 1244/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 August 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Daniel Chia (Wong & Leow LLC) for the plaintiffs; Palanaippan Sundararaj (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Creative Technology Ltd — Cosmos Trade-Nology Pte Ltd; Huang Wen-Lai   
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Infringement – Defence – Second defendant
claiming he did not consent to first defendant infringing plaintiff's
registered marks Whether second defendant personally liable for first
defendant's acts  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Infringement – Defence – Whether innocence is
valid defence in action for trade mark infringement – Whether s 49(ii) of the
Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1999 Rev Ed) applicable  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Infringement – First defendant selling
counterfeit sound cards bearing plaintiffÂ’s registered marks – Whether
plaintiff's trade marks infringed – Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1999 Rev Ed) s
27  
  

1 The Plaintiff, Creative Technology Ltd, obtained summary judgment against
Cosmos Trade-Nology Pte Ltd (First Defendant) and Huang Wen-Lai (Second
Defendant) for trademark infringement on 5 May 2003. I granted restraining
orders as well as an order for delivery up or destruction of all infringing
reproductions and/or any article that has been predominantly used for making
such copies. In addition, the Plaintiffs obtained an order directing an
inquiry as to the damages or at the Plaintiff’s option an account of profits
and payment of all sums found due upon taking such inquiry or account. Only,
the Second Defendant has appealed against the whole of my decision.

2 The Plaintiff is a leading manufacturer of digital entertainment products
for personal computers and internet users. The Plaintiff is best noted for its
“Sound Blaster” line of sound cards. This case concerns the Plaintiff’s sound
card marketed as Creative VIBRA 128.

3 The Plaintiff is the proprietor of five registered marks. For simplicity, I
have identified them here by their registration numbers, namely Trade Mark no.
B3070/94; Trade Mark no. 3071/94; Trade Mark no. T92/05291J; Trade Mark
no.T92/08634C and Trade Mark no. T98/00399G (hereinafter collectively referred
to as “the Plaintiff’s registered marks”).

4 The First Defendant is an exempt private company incorporated in Singapore
in 1998. The First Defendant deals primarily in computer peripherals. The
Second Defendant is a director and owns 99.99% of the shareholding of the
First Defendant.

5 The Writ of Summons endorsed with a Statement of Claim was issued on 21
January 2003. In brief, it alleged that the Defendants sold and offered for
sale counterfeit sound cards and infringed its trademarks. The Defendants
filed their Defence on 17 February 2003. In March 2003, the Plaintiff applied
for summary judgment against the Defendants for infringement of trademarks.

6 Counsel for the Plaintiff, Mr. Daniel Chia, relied on three occasions in
which the First Defendant dealt with the Plaintiff’s private investigator in a
manner that the Plaintiff alleged constituted an infringement of the
Plaintiff’s registered marks without there being any reasonably arguable
defence to the contrary. The first of the dealings was on 17 June 2002 where
the Plaintiff’s private investigator purchased one unit of sound card bearing
the Plaintiff’s registered marks from the First Defendant at its retail outlet
situated at 180B Bencoolen Street, #12-05, The Bencoolen, Singapore 189648.
Secondly, on or about 3 July 2002, the Plaintiff’s investigator purchased and
collected 3,145 units of sound cards from the First Defendant’s office
situated at 52, Kallang Bahru, #04-11/12, Singapore 339335. Thirdly, on 20
August 2002, the Plaintiff’s investigator purchased at a price of $9.00 one
unit of sound card from the retail outlet. The entrapment purchases are
collectively referred to as “the Defendants’ Sound Cards”.

7 The Defendants’ Sound Cards were manufactured without the license or consent
of the Plaintiff. They were found to be counterfeit sound cards. The print
quality of the packaging was dissimilar from the original in terms of
standards and colour. Each box of Creative VIBRA 128 contains an installation
CD-ROM and an Analog CD_IN cable (hereafter collectively referred to as the
“Sound Card”). On the other hand, the Defendants’ Sound Cards were packed with
foam material with accompanying printed instructions but without the CD-ROM
and cable. The Defendants’ Sound Cards were sold at $9.00 each whereas the
Plaintiff’s standard retail price for each Sound Card is $28.00.

8 On 3 September 2002, the police with search warrants entered the First
Defendant’s retail outlet and office and seized a total of 56 pieces of
infringing sound cards and one piece of infringing “Creative” Sound Blaster
CD-ROM. They too were counterfeit sound cards and were not manufactured or
licensed by the Plaintiff. The sound cards seized were identical in all
material aspects to the Defendants’ Sound Cards. Furthermore, the Defendants’
Sound Cards and those seized on 3 September 2002 were identical copies of the
Sound Cards and they also carried the Plaintiff’s registered marks.

10 The ownership, validity and subsistence of the Plaintiff’s registered marks
were not challenged. It was also not disputed that the Defendants’ Sound Cards
and those seized on 3 September 2002 were counterfeit sound cards and
infringed the Plaintiff’s registered marks. It was also not disputed that the
First Defendant had made the sales described earlier.

11 In its Defence, the First Defendant said that it did not know that the
Defendants’ Sound Cards were not genuine and did not know before the end of
August 2002 that the sound cards it sold infringed the Plaintiff’s registered
marks.

12 Section 27(1) of the Trade Marks Act (cap 332) provides:

A person infringes a registered trade mark, if, without the consent of the
proprietor of the trade mark, he uses in the course of trade a sign which is
identical with the trade mark in relation to goods or services which are
identical with those for which it is registered.

Under section 27(4), a person uses a sign if, in particular, he:

…

(b) offers or exposes goods for sale, puts them on the market or stock them
for those purposes under the sign, or offers or supplies services under the
sign;

(c) imports or exports goods under the sign.

13 I was satisfied that the Plaintiff by its evidence had established both
conditions of section 27(1) and was entitled to injunctive relief sought in
the Order 14 summons.

14 Counsel for the Defendants, Mr. Palaniappan Sundararaj, rightly accepted
that on the evidence the First Defendant had committed acts that infringed the
Plaintiff’s registered marks. But insofar as the Second Defendant was
concerned, Mr. Palaniappan argued that there were triable issues that merit a
full trial.

15 In his Defence, the Second Defendant said that he did not consent to the
infringement of the Plaintiff’s registered marks. He said that the sales were
without his knowledge, consent or connivance. In his first affidavit, he said
he did not know that the 5000 pieces of Creative Vibra sound cards purchased
from Mr. Yin Wei Bin of Shenzhen Binsicheng Computer Company Ltd in China were
counterfeit sound cards and infringed the Plaintiff’s registered marks. He
only knew that the Defendants’ Sound Cards were not genuine towards the end of
August 2002, although he was earlier aware that a Malaysian customer had
complained about the problems encountered with usage and returned 650 sound
cards to the First Defendant. At the time Mr. Yin supplied the sound cards to
the First Defendant, both he and Mr.Yin were not aware that the sound cards
were not genuine.

16 A person who procures and induces another to commit a tort becomes a joint
tortfeasor. See _MCA Records Inc & Anor v Charly Records Ltd & Ors_ [2000]
EMLR 743. The second Defendant had, in my view, incurred personal liability as
a joint tortfeasor. I was satisfied that he had procured or induced the First
Defendant's infringement of the Plaintiff’s registered marks. On the evidence,
the Second Defendant was closely associated with the acts of the First
Defendant. The Second Defendant admitted to meeting Mr. Yin and negotiated the
purchase of the 5000 sound cards for the First Defendant’s business. In his
affidavit, the Second Defendant said: “I thought that it would be a good idea
for the First Defendant to purchase the said sound cards and resell them to
our customers.” His juniors in the First Defendant handled the sales. They
were sold to customers who wanted to buy a cheaper “alternative”. Moreover,
when the sound cards supplied by Mr. Yin had usage problems, tests were done
and the Defendants realised that they might not be genuine. Yet nothing was
done to stop the further sales.

17 It was argued that the Defendants had acted innocently in the matter in the
sense that they had no knowledge that they were infringing the Plaintiff’s
registered marks. Their Counsel relied on section 49(ii) of the Act. The
assertion of innocence as a defence to the Plaintiff’s claim was misconceived.
In my view, s49(ii) is specific to the offences and penalties laid down in
that particular section. The innocence of the infringer is of no relevance
where injunctive relief and damages are separately sought in a civil action.

18 Counsel for the Plaintiff referred me to Kerly’s law of Trade Marks and
Trade Names (13th ed) at 18-153 and to the case of _Gillette UK Ltd and Anor v
Edenwest Ltd_ [1994] RPC 279 for the proposition that innocence is no defence
in an action in infringement of a registered mark. In _Gillette UK_ , the
defendant company purchased 400,000 counterfeit Gillette GII razor cartridges
from an Italian source and re-sold the razors to customers in the United
Kingdom, even though the plaintiffs were renowned in the United Kingdom for
the same goods. One of the issues raised at the hearing for summary judgment
was that the defendant company was an innocent dealer in the counterfeit
goods. Blackburne J held that it is settled law that innocence on the part of
the infringer is no defence to a claim to damages.

19 In any case, I was not persuaded that the First Defendant’s infringement of
the Plaintiff’s registered mark was without the Second Defendant’s knowledge
of the existence of the Plaintiff’s registered marks. I was referred to
instances of internal inconsistencies in the Second Defendant’s affidavit as
to when he first knew the Defendants’ Sound Cards were not genuine. At first
it was end August 2002 during a conversation with Mr. Yin who told him the
Defendants’ Sound Cards “were probably cloned.” In a later paragraph, he said
that he became aware that the Defendants’ Sound Cards infringed the trademarks
of the Plaintiff after the raid, which was on 3 September 2002. There was the
occasion in July 2002 when he complained to Mr. Yin about the sound cards
after having tested them earlier. There are other objective factors from which
an inference of knowledge could reasonably be drawn. One factor is the poor
quality of the Defendants’ Sound Cards. It is significant that the Defendants
did not complain to the Plaintiff who is here in Singapore about the problems
with the sounds cards that they sold. That is a clear indication that they
knew that the cards were not genuine. In addition, the price retailed by the
First Defendant that was three times less than the price of an original sound
card sold by the Plaintiff.

20 For all these reasons, I allowed the Plaintiff’s application with costs
fixed at $8,000.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Aug 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

