Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Poh Kim Video Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 304

Case Number | : | MA 80/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 December 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kirpal Singh (Kirpal and Associates) for appellant; Oommen Mathew and Serena Howe (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Poh Kim Video Pte Ltd   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Copyright infringement pursuant to s
136(2) Copyright Act (Cap 63, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Whether sentence
imposed was manifestly inadequate  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Penalties – Definition of
"article" under s 136(2) Copyright Act (Cap 63, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Whether advancement of
unsuccessful defence at trial amounts to aggravating factor for purposes of
sentencing  
  

1 This was an appeal against the sentences imposed on the respondents, Poh Kim
Video Pte Ltd (‘Poh Kim Video’), in respect of five offences under s 136(2) of
the Copyright Act (Cap 63, 1999 Rev Ed). At the end of the hearing before me,
I dismissed the appeal and now give my reasons.

**Background facts**

2 Poh Kim Video engage in the sale of video cassettes, compact discs, laser
discs, Video Compact Discs (‘VCDs’) and Digital Video Discs at 33 outlets in
Singapore.

3 On 27 December 2001, private investigators were instructed by TS Laser Pte
Ltd (‘TS Laser’) to conduct trap purchases of a Korean drama series known as
‘Bad Friends’ (‘the drama series’) from Poh Kim Video. One box set of the
drama series, comprising 18 VCDs, was purchased in each of the Poh Kim Video
outlets at Junction 8 Shopping Centre, Northpoint Shopping Centre, Century
Square, Suntec City Mall and Centrepoint.

4 TS Laser then commenced a private prosecution against Poh Kim Video for
breaches under s 136(2)(a) of the Copyright Act.

**Charges**

5 Five charges were preferred against Poh Kim Video. The first charge read as
follows:

You, POH KIM VIDEO PTE LTD, ROC No. 198401906E of 53 Kim Keat Road #03-03 Mun
Hean Building Singapore 328823, are charged that you, on 27 December 2001 at 9
Bishan Place #04-05 Junction 8 Shopping Centre Singapore 579837, at a time
when copyright subsists in the “BAD FRIENDS” series, did sell 18 VCDs of “BAD
FRIENDS” VCDs which you knew or ought reasonably to know to be infringing
copies of the “BAD FRIENDS” series and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under Section 136(2)(a) of the Copyright Act, Cap 63 (1999 Revised
Edition).

6 Except for the addresses of the outlets at which the trap purchases were
conducted, the other four charges were similarly framed.

**The prosecution’s case**

7 The prosecution’s case at the trial below was that the copyright in the
drama series was owned by MBC Production Co Pte Ltd (‘MBC’), the broadcasting
station in South Korea which produced the drama series. MBC had granted Hwa
Yae Multimedia International Trading Company (‘Hwa Yae’), a copyright agent
based in Asia, the sole and exclusive rights in the series for the territory
of Singapore for a period of three years commencing on 1 December 2001.

8 In turn, Hwa Yae sub-licensed these rights to TS Laser with effect from 1
December 2001. Thus, TS Laser owned the rights to distribute the drama series
in Singapore as of 1 December 2001. The prosecution submitted that the five
box sets sold by Poh Kim Video on 27 December 2001 were infringing copies of
the drama series.

**The defence**

9 The crux of Poh Kim Video’s defence was that the box sets of the drama
series sold at their outlets with effect from 13 December 2001 were legitimate
parallel imports from Hong Kong. The defence took the position that Poh Kim
Corporation Pte Ltd (‘Poh Kim Corporation’), a related company of Poh Kim
Video, had acquired rights for the Hong Kong region from YSY Digital
Entertainment Company Limited (‘YSY Digital’) as of 19 November 2001. Poh Kim
Corporation had replicated the drama series and had then sold the manufactured
box sets to Crest Ocean (Hong Kong) Limited (‘Crest Ocean’), a related company
of Poh Kim Video. Poh Kim Video had then ordered 1,000 box sets from Crest
Ocean and these box sets were imported into Singapore.

**The decision of the magistrate**

10 The magistrate who heard the case rejected Poh Kim Video’s defence of
parallel import and held that this defence was ‘a sham and an excuse’. While
the magistrate found that MBC had granted a licence to Phoenix Satellite
Television Co Limited (‘Phoenix Satellite’) for the Hong Kong region and
Phoenix Satellite had in turn granted a distributorship licence to YSY
Digital, the licence period ran from 1 January 2002 to 31 December 2004. Thus,
in the month of December 2001, when the trap purchases were made, YSY Digital
did not have authority to grant Poh Kim Corporation distribution rights for
Hong Kong.

11 The magistrate found that the prosecution had proven that copyright for the
drama series subsisted in favour of MBC and TS Laser. The five box sets were
held to be infringing copies of the drama series as Poh Kim Video did not have
rights in the drama series as of 27 December 2001 when the trap purchases were
conducted. The magistrate further held that Poh Kim Video knew that the box
sets were infringing copies.

12 In sentencing Poh Kim Video, the magistrate made the following
observations:

…although there were 18 discs in each set, the evidence showed that the series
was sold on a box set basis at a fixed price of $39.90 per box. I therefore
declined to follow the prosecution’s invitation to consider the number of
films or episodes in each box when sentencing, because no evidence was led to
show that the episodes were sold separately. For the purposes of sentencing
under s 136(2) of the Copyright Act, I considered each box an article rather
than each episode an article.

The magistrate took into account a number of mitigating factors and imposed a
fine of $2,000 per charge, for a total fine of $10,000.

**The appeal**

13 TS Laser appealed against the sentence imposed by the magistrate on the
ground that it was manifestly inadequate and advanced two main contentions on
appeal.

14 First, TS Laser submitted that the magistrate had failed to take into
account two aggravating factors which necessitated that a higher fine be
imposed. The first aggravating factor was Poh Kim Video’s abuse of the defence
of parallel import at the trial below. This defence was said to be a mere sham
as Poh Kim Video were aware that they had had no right to distribute the drama
series in Singapore in December 2001. The second aggravating factor was the
fact that Poh Kim Video’s infringement of copyright was on a large scale.

15 Second, TS Laser contended that the magistrate erred in regarding each box
set as an ‘article’ for the purposes of sentencing under s 136(2) of the
Copyright Act. TS Laser was of the view that the correct approach would have
been to regard each VCD as an ‘article’ and that Poh Kim Video should have
been sentenced on the basis of 90 articles, instead of five articles.

16 I shall now deal with these arguments in turn.

**Whether the magistrate erred in failing to take into account Poh Kim’s abuse
of the defence of parallel import**

17 I was of the view that Poh Kim Video’s advancement of the defence of
parallel import at the trial below could not be regarded as an aggravating
factor. It would be wrong to penalise Poh Kim Video for raising this defence
because they had every right to do so. As I have previously held in cases such
as _Zeng Guoyuan v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 321, while the scandalous or reprehensible
conduct of one’s defence may constitute an aggravating factor in certain
cases, an accused is entitled to raise any type of defence necessary to his
case, even if this defence is scandalous or vexatious in nature. In _Zeng
Guoyuan_ , I quoted with approval the following passage from Mohamed Azmi J’s
judgment in _Ahmad Shah bin Hashim v PP_ [1980] 1 MLJ 77 at 86:

It is my considered opinion that in a criminal trial an accused person is
entitled to put up any type of defence that he thinks necessary and justified
in order to raise a reasonable doubt in the prosecution case, and _the fact
that such defence has not succeeded should not be taken against him in
assessing sentence._ [Emphasis added]

18 I was of the view that the conduct of Poh Kim Video’s defence could not be
said to be scandalous. There was a marked disparity between the conduct of Poh
Kim Video’s defence and the facts of _Zeng Guoyuan_. In _Zeng Guoyuan_ , the
appellant displayed a wholly exceptional contempt for the court proceedings by
badgering witnesses, insinuating that the judge was biased and refusing to
answer direct questions from the court on the relevancy of his cross-
examination tactics. In the present appeal, no such contempt was shown.
Indeed, there were documents to show that Poh Kim Video had the rights to
distribute the drama series for the Hong Kong region at least with effect from
1 January 2002. There was also evidence that Poh Kim Video had erroneously
assumed that the licence period in fact commenced on 19 November 2001.

19 Further, Poh Kim Video were entirely justified in raising the issue of
parallel import as the burden lies on the prosecution, in making out an
offence under s 136(2) of the Copyright Act, to prove that an imported article
which is alleged to be an infringing article is not a legitimate parallel
import: _Highway Video Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 1 SLR 129 at 143.

**Whether the magistrate failed to take into account the fact that Poh Kim’s
infringement was on a large scale**

20 TS Laser submitted that the fact that Poh Kim Video owned a large number of
retail outlets and sold infringing articles in these outlets was an
aggravating factor for the purposes of sentencing. TS Laser were of the view
that the magistrate had assumed that Poh Kim Video were ‘honest businessmen’
simply because they owned a large group of retail outlets.

21 I was unconvinced by TS Laser’s arguments in this regard. It appeared to me
that they had in fact misinterpreted the magistrate’s observations on this
point. Having perused the magistrate’s grounds of decision closely, I saw no
merit to TS Laser’s contention that the magistrate regarded Poh Kim Video as
honest purely on the basis that they owned a large retail chain. It was
evident from the magistrate’s grounds of decision that he simply drew a
distinction between syndicated pirates engaged in large scale copyright
infringement operations, on the one hand, and Poh Kim Video, which did in fact
own the copyright for the series in Hong Kong with effect from 1 January 2002,
on the other. The magistrate also rightly took into account the fact that the
infringing period was brief and that with effect from 1 January 2002, Poh Kim
Video could have legitimately imported the series from Hong Kong by parallel
import.

22 In my view, the magistrate was correct in holding that the culpability of
Poh Kim Video was lower than that of copyright pirates involved in syndicated
operations. There was simply no basis on the present facts for holding that
the size of Poh Kim Video’s retail chain should be regarded as an aggravating
factor and I declined to do so.

**Whether the magistrate erred in regarding each box set as an ‘article’ for
the purposes of sentencing under s 136(2) of the Copyright Act**

23 The crux of TS Laser’s appeal was that the magistrate had erred in
regarding each box set as an ‘article’ for the purposes of sentencing under s
136(2) of the Copyright Act. TS Laser submitted that the magistrate was bound
to regard each VCD in the box set as an ‘article’, since offenders have
consistently been sentenced in relation to the number of infringing VCDs and
not the number of box sets. TS Laser cited _Lim Tai Wah v Highway Video Pte
Ltd_ , MC, PSS 162/2001, an unreported decision dated 28 August 2001, to
support this submission.

24 TS Laser further argued that, using this approach, the magistrate should
have sentenced Poh Kim Video in respect of 18 articles for each of the five
charges, which worked out to a total of 90 articles for the five charges. It
was submitted that, on this basis, Poh Kim Video were only sentenced to a fine
of approximately $111 per article which was manifestly inadequate in light of
sentencing benchmarks which provide for a fine of between $400 and $600 per
article.

25 As TS Laser’s contentions centred on the magistrate’s interpretation of s
136(2) of the Copyright Act, the relevant provision is set out below for
convenient reference.

Section 136(2) Copyright Act

A person who at a time when copyright subsists in a work has in his possession
or imports into Singapore any article which he knows, or ought reasonably to
know, to be an infringing copy of the work for the purpose of —

(a) selling, letting for hire, or by way of trade offering or exposing for
sale or hire, the article;

(b) distributing the article for the purpose of trade, or for any other
purpose to an extent that will affect prejudicially the owner of the copyright
in the work; or

(c) by way of trade exhibiting the article in public,

shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not
exceeding $10,000 for the article or for each article in respect of which the
offence was committed or $100,000, whichever is the lower, or to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding 5 years or to both.

26 While no definition of ‘article’ is provided in the Copyright Act, it was
evident from a plain reading of s 136(2) that an ‘article’ is any ‘infringing
copy of the work’. Taking this into account, I was of the view that there is
nothing in the Copyright Act that prevents the court from regarding a box set
of a single drama series as an ‘article’ for the purposes of sentencing. I
disagreed with TS Laser’s contention that the court was bound to regard each
VCD in the box set as an ‘article’. In light of the legislature’s decision not
to provide a definition of ‘article’ in the Copyright Act, each case must be
considered on its own facts. This is a sensible approach in light of present
technology, and TS Laser’s view that the court is obliged to regard each VCD
as an ‘article’ in all cases was wholly untenable.

27 The fallacy of TS Laser’s contention was evident when I considered that a
single drama series could be released in different versions. One version of
the drama series might consist of 18 VCDs while another version might split up
the same drama series into only five VCDs. If each VCD were viewed as an
‘article’, then different fines would be imposed for the same offence of
copyright infringement, depending wholly on the number of VCDs in the box set
in question. For example, an offender would be sentenced in respect of 18
articles if the drama series happened to be split into 18 VCDs but only in
respect of five articles if the drama series was reproduced on five VCDs. This
has grave sentencing implications - if the drama series was reproduced on 18
VCDs, an offender would face a maximum fine of $100,000 pursuant to s 136(2),
whereas the same drama series reproduced on five VCDs would only attract a
maximum fine of $50,000. I was of the view that such a result would be
incongruous and unsatisfactory.

28 Further, TS Laser’s interpretation was problematic as it required the court
to sentence offenders based on the number of infringing VCDs in all cases,
regardless of the particular circumstances of each case. I was of the view
that such an approach would be entirely inappropriate in copyright offences
where two or more infringing works are captured on a single VCD. In such
cases, the court would be bound to sentence the offender based on one article
only and the maximum fine which could be imposed is $10,000. The court’s hands
should not be tied in such a manner, particularly since developments in
digital technology have now made it possible for a single hard disk to contain
hundreds of infringed works.

29 On the facts of the present appeal, I was of the view that the magistrate
did not err in considering each box set as an ‘article’ when sentencing Poh
Kim Video. The magistrate rightly took into account the fact that the drama
series was sold as a box set at a fixed price of $39.90 per box set and that
the individual VCDs were not sold separately. I rejected TS Laser’s submission
that 18 articles were set out in each of the five charges preferred against
Poh Kim Video. I was of the view that there was nothing in the charges which
would preclude the court from regarding each box set as an ‘article’ on the
present facts.

**Whether the sentence imposed was manifestly inadequate**

30 Poh Kim Video were fined $2,000 per article. I noted that the courts have
generally imposed sentences ranging from $400 to $600 per article in offences
under s 136(2) of the Copyright Act: _Cherng Chiu Yung v Rahman bin Haji Omar_
, MA16/97/01, an unreported judgment dated 25 February 1997, and _PP v Chew
Alleng_ , MA 248/1993/02, an unreported judgment dated 23 July 1997. In light
of this, the fine imposed on Poh Kim Video could not be said to be manifestly
inadequate.

31 I therefore dismissed the appeal and upheld the total fine of $10,000
imposed by the magistrate.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Dec 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

