Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chua Siew Moi v Oh Thai Nan  
[2003] SGHC 104

Case Number | : | Suit 605/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 May 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ong Ying Ping (Ong Tay & Partners) for the Plaintiff; Sadique Marican (Tito Isaac & Co) for the Defendant   
Parties | : |  Chua Siew Moi — Oh Thai Nan   
  
Contract – Loans – Whether the plaintiff extended a loan to the defendant  
  

1 The plaintiff Chua Siew Moi @ Erica Chua claimed against the defendant Oh
Thai Nan @ Tonic Oh repayment of $380,700 she lent to him.

2 They were business associates and were at one time “boyfriend-girlfriend”,
as she described it.

3 The plaintiff’s case was that she issued seven cheques between 15 November
1996 and 17 June 1998 for a total sum of $550,000 and received repayment of
$169,300. This was set out in para 2 of the statement of claim:-

_Date_ _Chung Khiaw Bank Ltd Cheque No._ _Amount_

a) 15 November 1996 077377 $50,000.00

b) 3 March 1997 077385 $100,000.00

c) 20 August 1997 077387 $100,000.00

d) 7 October 1997 077388 $100,000.00

e) 17 June 1998 707601 $50,000.00

_United Overseas Ltd Cheque No._

f) 12 June 1997 003762 $100,000.00

g) June 1998 003775 _$ 50,000.00_

Total Amount Lent By Plaintiff $550,000.00

h) less Defendant’s partial payment by CKB

Cheque No 303497 _$169,300.00_

Amount Outstanding $380,700.00

4 In her affidavit of evidence-in-chief she confirmed that the defendant had
made four other payments to her amounting to $14,000.[1]

5 The defendant is a shareholder, secretary and director of a company known as
Multi-Tech Distribution and Services Pte Ltd. The defendant admitted that the
money changed hands from the plaintiff to him.[2] His defence is that $200,000
of that was for the plaintiff’s investment in 200,000 shares of the company on
12 September 1997,[3] and that she extended a loan of $130,000 to the company
to secure overdraft facilities of the company.[4] In the course of the hearing
he produced the offer letter for the facilities. The letter was dated 11
September 1998 and the acceptance was dated the same day.[5] There was no
requirement for security of $130,000 or any higher sum.

6 The plaintiff is a shareholder and had been a director of the company. The
company records show that the plaintiff was appointed a director on 19 August
1997[6] and served in the office up to 13 March 2000 when she resigned.[7] The
records also show that she was allotted and had paid for 200,000 shares in the
company on 12 September 1997 at $1 a share.[8] The plaintiff did not dispute
the authenticity of the records, and had not taken any action to set aside the
allotment of these shares to her.

7 The defendant’s position on the payments the plaintiff made is not always
consistent. While his defence pleaded that $200,000 was paid as investments in
the company and $130,000 was extended as a loan to it, his opening statement
claimed that all the payments were “the Plaintiff’s investment in the company
as known to both parties.”[9]

8 The defendant agreed that he paid the plaintiff the $169,300 referred to in
the statement of claim. In his evidence in court, he denied that it was a
partial repayment of the loans as alleged by the plaintiff. He said that the
payment was made in connection with dealings between him and the plaintiff in
connection to a labour supply or recruitment agency and to equipment
purchased, and the payment was made to clear accounts between them in those
dealings.[10] This was not pleaded in his defence, and was not raised with the
plaintiff in disregard of the rule enunciated by Lord Herschell in _Browne v
Dunn_ (1894) 6 R 67 at 70 that it is

(a)bsolutely essential to the proper conduct of a cause, where it is intended
to suggest that a witness is not speaking the truth on a particular point to
direct his attention to the fact by some questions put in cross-examination
showing that that imputation is intended to be made, and not to take his
evidence and pass it by as a matter altogether unchallenged, and then, when it
is impossible for him to explain, as perhaps he might have been able to do if
such questions had been put to him, the circumstances which it is suggested
indicate that the story he tells ought not to be believed, to argue that he is
a witness unworthy of credit.

9 He tried to justify the omissions by explaining that “I thought later on I
can explain to the court.”[11] That cannot be disposed of so easily; if he
really believed that, he was badly advised. There was no record of any kind
produced to show the recruitment agency/equipment accounts or to show that the
payment of $169,300 squared the accounts.

10 The accounting records of the company produced at the hearing were
incomplete. Nevertheless they were of assistance in showing whether the
plaintiff’s payments were loans to or investments in the company.

11 In particular there were the company’s accounts for the year ending 31
December 1997 signed by the defendant as director.[12] These accounts recorded
amounts owing to director at $49,374 and $31,768 for 1997 and 1996
respectively[13] with the explanatory note that “The amount of $49,374
($31,768 in 1996) owing to _a director_ is unsecured, interest-free and with
no fixed term of repayment.”[14] (Emphasis added)

12 These were loans from one director. Since the plaintiff was not a director
in 1996 (she was appointed in 19 August 1997) she cannot be the director who
made the loans, and the defendant conceded this.[15] And since the only
recorded loans came from that one director, the accounts must be taken to mean
that there were no loans from the plaintiff over that period.

13 In the course of the hearing the defendant sought to fortify his case with
the company’s financial records to show that the payments the plaintiff made
were received and treated by the company as loans. He filed a further
affidavit and exhibited what purported to be a part of the company’s general
ledger. He deposed he had just managed to retrieve it and was unable to
produce it earlier because of the multitude of company’s records.[16] The
ledger was for loans from the plaintiff to the company in June-December
1998.[17]

14 A witness was called to explain the ledger. He was Tan Sing Lin, a
freelance accounts clerk who prepared the general ledger. It transpired from
his evidence that the ledger entries were not made contemporaneously with the
transactions in 1998. Tan revealed that all the entries were made by him only
a few months previously, on the instructions of the defendant who instructed
him the payments were loans.

15 Tan’s evidence did not assist the defendant at all. It only lead to further
questions. Why were the entries not made contemporaneously in 1998? If the
ledger was prepared a few months previously by Tan, why was it not disclosed
earlier in the action? Why were the pay-in slips for these payments which Tan
said were shown to him not disclosed or produced even at the late stage of the
proceedings? I did not accept that ledger as an authentic record of the
transactions referred to.

16 Another point of interest is that the ledger did not record the loan of
$130,000 mentioned in the defence. As the credit facilities were offered and
accepted in September 1998, it would be expected that a $130,000 loan the
plaintiff made to secure the facilities will be reflected in the ledger ending
31 December 1998. In fact the ledger showed loans amounting to $125,000 made
over seven payments starting in June, before the bank’s loan offer was made.

17 The manner in which the ledger was produced and explained raised disturbing
questions over the defendant’s good faith. If he had hoped that it would give
substance to his assertion that the plaintiff made loans to the company, he
would be disappointed, for they had quite the opposite effect. It reflected
and underscored its lack of substance.

18 It was noteworthy that his counsel made no reference to it in the closing
submissions. Instead counsel complained that

Assuming for the present purposes that all the monies extended were indeed
loans, her Statement of Claim must fail, as she has not pleaded all the
conditions for these purported loans.

In particular, at no point during the course of any one of these loans did the
Plaintiff aver in her Statement of Claim to any condition of repayment i.e.
whether at the time of each of these loans any condition of repayment was
communicated, made or agreed between the parties.[18]

19 Counsel placed strong reliance on the decision in _Tay Ivy v Tay Joyce_
[1992] 1 SLR 893 for his submission that

Not only is the present Plaintiff silent on the critical issue of the exact
conditions relating to repayment in her Statement of Claim at the time of the
disbursement of these purported loans, her Affidavit also makes no mention of
this/these.[19]

20 That case does not help him at all. Michael Hwang JC affirmed the rule that
a loan simpliciter is repayable from the date it was made. The plaintiff there
alleged that there was an agreement that repayment of a loan was to be
deferred. The action was time-barred if there was no deferment. The agreement
to defer was not pleaded, and the judge found that the rule was not displaced.
The issues were fundamentally different. In the present case there are no
specific repayment terms alleged and the plaintiff was relying on the rule.

21 Another part of the judgment is more relevant to the issue in this case. At
p 900 the judge dismissed the plaintiff’s appeal because he found that

(T)here is a basic contradiction between the plaintiff’s case as pleaded and
his case as disclosed by the evidence adduced on his behalf at trial. The two
conditions referred to in the evidence of the witnesses were never pleaded and
it is clear that _the court should not give judgment on the basis of a case
which has not been pleaded_. (Emphasis added)

22 That is so, and a court also should not uphold a defence which is not
pleaded, whether it relates to the purpose of the $169,300 repayment, or the
terms of the loans, all the more when they are devoid of substance.

23 After reviewing the evidence, I found that the plaintiff should give credit
for the $14,000 she received. Secondly, I found that the defendant failed to
prove that of the payments the plaintiff made, $130,000 or any other sum was
advanced as loans to the company. Finally, I found that $200,000 of those
payments was payment for the shares allotted to her.

24 Consequently, I entered judgment for the plaintiff for $166,700. Since that
sum was within the jurisdiction of the District Courts, I awarded costs of the
action to the plaintiff to be taxed on the District Court scale.

  

* * *

[1] Plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief para 9 and exh. EC-12

[2] Defendant’s Opening Statement paras 11 and 12, Notes of Evidence pages
88-9

[3] Defence para 2

[4] Defence para 3

[5] Defendant’s affidavit of 24 January 2003, exh OTN-4

[6] PB26

[7] PB30

[8] AB27-28, Notes of Evidence pages 72-92

[9] Defendant’s Opening Statement para 12

[10] Notes of Evidence pages 63-4

[11] Notes of Evidence page 68

[12] AB32-46

[13] AB37

[14] AB36

[15] Notes of Evidence page 82

[16] Defendant’s affidavit of 23 January 2003, paras 6 and 20

[17] same affidavit exh. OTN-2

[18] Defendant’s Closing Submissions, paras 15 & 16

[19] Defendant’s Closing Submissions, para 20

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 May 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

