Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Adventure Training Systems (Asia-Pacific) Pte Ltd v Signature Lifestyle Pte
Ltd (Adventure Training Systems Pty Ltd, Third Party)  
[2003] SGHC 135

Case Number | : | Suit 880/2000  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 June 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Raymond Lam Ping Fong (Raymond Lam & Lim Partnership) for the plaintiffs; Peter Wong (William Lai & Alan Wong) for the defendants; Wan Fairuz (William Lai & Alan Wong) for the defendants; Conrad Campos (Conrad Campos Partnership) for the third party; Linda Ho (Conrad Campos Partnership) for the third party   
Parties | : |  Adventure Training Systems (Asia-Pacific) Pte Ltd — Signature Lifestyle Pte Ltd — Adventure Training Systems Pty Ltd   
  
Building and Construction Law – Contractors’ duties – Completion of work –
Duties as to materials and workmanship – Whether the contractors had breached
the implied terms of the contract to supply equipment of a satisfactory
quality and to carry out work with reasonable care and skill.  
  

1 This judgment has to be read with the judgment delivered in Suit No 1368 of
2001. The claim of the plaintiffs (“the Contractors”) is for the balance price
for work done and materials supplied under a written agreement dated 28 July
1999 (“the agreement”) entered into between the Contractors and the defendants
(“the Managers”) in connection with the design, supply and installation of an
Adventure Training Facility on Ubin Island, Singapore. The background has been
recited in the other judgment and the relevant parts of that judgment are
incorporated by reference into this judgment. The Contractors’ claim is for
the sum of $250,361.00.

2 The Managers’ defence is that by reason of the breaches of the terms of the
agreement and/or repudiation of the agreement by the Contractors, the Managers
are not entitled to the balance of the price claimed. In the alternative, the
Managers claim as a defence, a set-off and counterclaim of such sums as they
may be awarded as damages due to the plaintiffs’ breach of contract.

3 Under the agreement, the Contractors agreed to build facilities for a number
of outdoor, adventure activities such as Low and High Level Team Building
Activities, Individual Challenge Course, Team Challenge Pyramid with 200m
Flying Fox and Extreme Sports Tower. The Contractors were due to complete the
works by 31 March 2000. There was a delay, but the delay is no longer an
issue. The Safety inspection was conducted on 4 August 2000 and the Safety
Inspection Report was issued the following day.

4 The Managers contend that for the agreement to work, there must be implied
the following terms, inter alia, that the equipment and components supplied
should be of a satisfactory quality, that the equipment and components should
be reasonably fit for the particular purposes for which they were acquired and
that the Contractors would carry out the work with reasonable care and skill.

5 The Managers in their counterclaim assert that several items were “faulty,
defective, unsafe and not fit for use”. They allege that the rivets securing
plywood to Extreme Sports Tower are rusty, the top of the intermediate and
climbing walls were not covered by platforms, there were rust corrosion
problems on shackles, cable clamps and bolts of the Team Challenge Pyramid,
rusty cable clamps, buts, washers and bolts on the Ropes Course and there were
defective equipment, namely, rusty steel karabiners, rusty rivets on climbing
helmets, damaged buckles for the leg loop retains and zip pulleys. It was also
alleged that the 3 climbing walls of the Extreme Sports Tower were erected
without climbing surfaces for the left and right flanks.

6 The evidence led showed that the Contractors were contractually liable to
provide 3 climbing walls, using climbing materials. It was noted on the
contractual document thus: “Actual number of panels are 3m not as shown in the
pictorial. This is for 3 sides. The agreement has a pictorial representation
of the climbing walls. They were to provide, which they did, one beginners’
wall, one intermediate wall and one advance wall using climbing materials. The
climbing materials were in panels, each may be 1m x 1m or 1.5m x 1.5m. The
sides flanking these climbing were not to be covered. Some disputes arose
between the parties and in a gesture of give and take the Contractors did
provide and install at the request of the Managers timber strips for the left
and right flanks of each climbing wall, although those timber strips would
prevent the walls from being adjustable.

7 I refer to the complaints that there was rust on metal parts such as rivets,
shackles, cable clamps and bolts of Team Challenge Pyramid, steel karabiners,
rusty rivets on steel helmets which, according to the Managers, render the
items defective. It was quite obvious that the items in question rust because
there is in Ubin Island salt in the air and that corrodes the equipment,
despite maintenance. It is not sustainable to contend that because there was
rust the items were defective. They just have to be kept rust free by such
regular maintenance as would be necessary to keep rust at bay. In any case, on
7 February 2001 the Contractors wrote to the Managers confirming that all
rusts complaints had been attended to.

8 I now turn to the allegation that buckles for leg loop retainers and zip
pulleys were damaged. In fact, they were delivered in good condition. The
buckles for leg loop retainers were supplied and delivered and complaints were
made 6 months later after demands for payment were made. As for the zip
pulleys they were damaged by the Managers’ own employees.

9 The items were all delivered in mid April 2000. The Managers confirmed that
they received them in good order and condition. It was too late and it was no
longer open to the Managers to assert otherwise.

10 Accordingly, there will be judgment for the Contractors in the sum of
$250,361.00 and costs and the Managers’ counterclaims are dismissed with
costs.

_Plaintiffs’ claim is allowed with costs.  
Defendants’ counterclaim is dismissed with costs._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jun 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

