Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Mark Kalaivanan s/o Tamilarasan and Others  
[2003] SGHC 174

Case Number | : | CC 30/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 August 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hamidul Haq, Cheok Yu-Liang and Tan Wee Soon [Attorney-General&Acirc;’s Chambers] for the Public Prosecutor   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Mark Kalaivanan s/o Tamilarasan; Samynath A/L Marimuthu @ Marimuthu; K. Balamurugan   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Rape  
  
Criminal Law – Abetment – Abetment of rape.  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Multiple charges
concerning same incident – Whether global view of punishment relevant and
appropriate.  
  

1 In the early hours of 10 July 2001 a taxi-driver, Abdul Aziz drove into the
carpark at the Newton Hawker Centre. He believed it was about 4.05am. As he
advanced towards the Automated-Teller Machine (‘ATM’) kiosk he saw three men
running past his taxi towards the food stalls. Moments later, a young Indian
girl ran from the ATM kiosk and stopped his taxi. She got in through the
passenger side of the car and appeared distraught. Abdul Aziz described her as
‘distressed and hysterical’. She told him ‘Uncle, three boys raped me and they
beat me’. Abdul Aziz testified that he could see that the girl was bloodied
and injured. The medical evidence showed that her injuries included abrasions
to the head and face, as well as tenderness around the abdomen region. The
medical evidence also showed the presence of spermatozoa in her vaginal and
urethral areas. These evidence were given by Dr Goh Wei Ching, Dr Tay Seow
Yian and also Dr Jasmine Heng, a forensic scientist.

2 While trying to calm the girl, Abdul Aziz also called the police. Shortly
after that he noted that the girl had calmed down slightly and he let her have
his handphone which she used to call her then boyfriend Rajesh Kumar who
worked as a waiter at the ‘Asoka Pub’. The girl in question was the
complainant in this case. She is 22 years old and was known to her friends as
‘X’. Rajesh Kumar testified that shortly after 4am he received a telephone
call from X. This was the one made with Abdul Aziz’s telephone. He said that X
told him in Tamil repeatedly that three men raped her. Rajesh asked if she
knew who they were. She told him that one of them was ‘X’s boyfriend’. Z was a
friend of X and worked with her at the "N" pub as a waitress. Z was a full-
time waitress but X was a part-time waitress. Z’s boyfriend was Samynath A/L
Marimuthu, the second accused in this case.

3 Rajesh then spoke briefly with the taxi-driver because X appeared too
distraught to even tell him where she was. Rajesh, upon being told by Abdul
Aziz that they were still at the Newton Hawker Centre, rushed there by taxi.
The police were already there when he arrived. He asked X again if she knew
who they were. This time she said that it was the three men were among the
group she was with at the ‘Asoka’ pub at 1.20am. She told Rajesh that besides
Samynath, one of the three wore a scarf (later ascertained at trial to be a
bandanna) and the other wore a red-netted T-shirt. These two were later
ascertained to be Mark Kalaivanan and K. Balamurugan, the first and third
accused respectively. Mark is 24 years old, Samynath is 25 and Balamurugan is
26 years old. At the material time, the first accused was in the Navy
performing national service. The third accused was a regular in the army.
Samynath was unemployed.

4 At this point, it is relevant to trace what X and her friends were doing on
the night just before 10 July 2001. X started her duty at ‘N’ on 9 July 2001
about 7pm. At 12.45am, 10 July 2001 her friend and colleague, Z asked if she
(X) would join her and some friends at the ‘Asoka’ pub (where Rajesh was
working). X agreed, pleased with the prospect of meeting Rajesh, with whom she
had a minor misunderstanding earlier in the evening of 9 July 2001. Z and X
arrived at the ‘Asoka’ pub at 1.20am. She was introduced to the second accused
as Z’s boyfriend. The others in the group were the first and third accused,
one J, S (who was the girlfriend of the first accused), and P. This group
including Z and X drank and danced while Rajesh was working. At 2.30am when
the pub was about to close, X told Rajesh that she was going home but he,
probably still peeved by their earlier misunderstanding, ignored her.

5 X was subsequently persuaded by Z to join the group at the Newton Hawker
Centre for supper. When they arrived the group sat at two tables. Z and X were
together while the other six were at another table. X and Z had an argument
over the use of Z’s handphone. X then borrowed the handphone from the second
accused. The evidence from the second accused was that this handphone belonged
to his girlfriend Yogeswari. A total of five calls were made from this
handphone to Rajesh’s handphone between 3.02am and 4.27am. X only managed to
speak briefly to Rajesh once, and she was crying at that time so one of the
accused took over the phone and spoke to Rajesh. Over the next few calls, the
accused persons told Rajesh a number of lies, saying, for instance, that X had
left Newton Hawker Centre and gone home. This particular and significant lie
was told to Rajesh during the second call.

6 What happened at the Newton Hawker Centre was quite different. X did not go
home. She was deceived into believing that Rajesh was on his way to take her
home and that she was to wait for him at the ATM kiosk. She followed the three
accused to the kiosk. The second accused took her there with the first and
third accused just behind them. Independent evidence from the rest of the
group, including S, showed that the three accused left the group about the
same time; but none of those witnesses suspected foul play and were,
therefore, not paying full attention, resulting in some minor discrepancies in
their account of the events. The second accused took X behind the ATM kiosk
and there he tried to hug her. When she pushed him away she was punched. She
testified that she was assaulted on the head and face by two of the accused
while a third covered her mouth. Thereafter, the second accused, first accused
and third accused took turns in that order to rape her.

7 She was wearing several layers of clothing. For her top she had a brassiere
and a blouse. She wore a pair of shorts over her panties, and a pair of tights
over her shorts, and finally a pair of pants. Her pants were taken off her and
was subsequently found nearby at the kiosk. Forensic evidence showed that the
second accused person’s semen was found on the pants. The first accused’s
semen was found in X’s vagina. She testified that all three had penetrated her
in vaginal intercourse. The three accused had tried variously to impute that X
was a wanton of loose morals, but I do not think that there was any reliable
evidence to sustain that assertion. I find her to be a reliable witness and
accept her evidence.

8 After the sexual assault was over, X overheard the men talking as if they
might harm her further. In fright and fear she made her escape and rant to the
car park. The three accused were seen by Abdul Aziz running back towards the
food stalls. Abdul Aziz impressed me as a very reliable witness although under
cross-examination, he did at one stage agree with Mr Mohan, counsel for the
first accused, that he cannot be absolutely sure. However, it is my distinct
impression that he said this to avoid appearing that he was sure beyond a
shadow of a doubt. His evidence overall was that what he had heard and seen
were reliably imprinted in his memory and he had accurately recalled them in
testimony in court. He testified that one of the three men wore a ‘red jersey
with blue pants’ (fitting description of the third accused), another had a
bandanna (fitting the description of the first accused), and the third, a
greyish-black T-shirt and black pants (fitting the description of the second
accused). X stopped Abdul Aziz’s taxi and got in. Abdul Aziz helped her call
Rajesh as well as the police.

9 In the meantime, the friends of the three accused testified that the trio
returned to their table about half an hour after leaving with X. S noticed
scratches on the face of the first accused and his T-shirt was dirtied. He
told her that he was chased ‘by someone’ and fell. He declined to elaborate
when asked. S noticed that the second accused was perspiring and looking
exhausted. P testified that when the three accused returned to their table she
noticed that the first accused’s T-shirt was dirtied. She also noticed that
the third accused’s trousers was unzipped and she could see his underpants.

10 In his defence, the first accused said that the second accused had taken X
to the ATM kiosk and left her there. When he returned he told the first
accused that X ‘was high’ and he had ‘romanced her’. The first accused then
wanted a piece of the action and so he followed the second accused back to the
ATM (without the third accused). He found X to be lying on the bench and he
carried her to the back of the ATM. Shortly after that he saw her masturbating
the second accused. When she finished, he went to talk to her and the second
accused left the place. X then started to cuddle him and he was aroused. They
then had sexual intercourse but he claimed that she had consented because he
had dated her twice before and on each occasion they had sexual intercourse
too. This assertion was denied by X and I believe her.

11 The second accused also claimed that X masturbated him but he did not have
sex with her. He explained that that was why his semen was found on her pants
and not inside her. He said that after that he walked back to the food stalls
alone and did not know what the other two accused were doing.

12 The third accused said that he did not have any sexual contact with X but
he admitted to hitting her because he was angry that she led his friends, the
first and second accused to commit rape. He claimed that he saw the first and
second accused holding X down and raping her. So, when they finished, he
suggested that they hit her and knock her out – or ‘concuss her’ in his own
words – so that they will have time to get away. His evidence on the act of
causing hurt, was contradictory and inconsistent with that of the first
accused who said that he saw the third accused going behind the ATM kiosk to
talk to X but soon heard her screaming and shouting obscenities at the third
accused. This infuriated him (the first accused) because the third accused was
his childhood friend. So that was why he and the third accused hit X. Some
blood stains were found on his underwear.

13 The evidence of all the three accused were inconsistent with the evidence
of independent witnesses who included their friends, Z, S, J and P, and also
Rajesh and Abdul Aziz, as well as the medical and forensic evidence. More
significantly, they contradicted each other so fundamentally that I have no
doubt that their versions were not true. Furthermore, none of them had
presented their defence or anything close to that in any of their previous
statements to the police, and that included the cautioned statement under s
122(6). Finally, the first and third accused accepted their friends’
testimonies that once at the food stalls, and once in the police van these two
accused had spoken in Tamil to their friends, asking them not to tell the
police that they (the accused) had left the tables at any time. This conduct
was clearly incriminating in nature.

14 In the closing submissions, Mr Mohan on behalf of the first accused, and Mr
Gurdaib Singh, counsel for the second accused pointed out a number of
inconsistencies in the testimonies of the prosecution witnesses. I do not
think that those discrepancies rendered their evidence unreliable. For
example, whether the three accused left their tables at the same time or
whether the second accused went first followed by the first and third accused
seems to me, in the circumstances, to be a difference in perception. It was
likely that the second accused was either a few metres ahead of the other two,
or in terms of time, the other two left a minute or less after him, but it may
appear to some that the second accused left first, followed by the other two,
and by others as all three leaving about the same time. I adopted the same
approach in respect of the evidence of the three accused. Where they are minor
and do not appear to be material, I do not hold them against the accused. The
major contradictions, however, cannot be ignored. For example, two accused
said that X only masturbated the second accused but the third accused said he
saw the second accused having sexual intercourse with her. The different
versions as to why the first and third accused hit X after the rape were also
major discrepancies. The first accused also contradicted himself in court when
he said that he had dated X twice before, but in his statement to the police
he said he did not know her. His explanation that he was then afraid to tell
the truth did not convince me.

15 I am satisfied that the prosecution had proved its case on all the charges
against the three accused, and the defence did not raise any reasonable doubt
in my mind and, accordingly, I found all three accused guilty as charged and
convicted them. There was little by way of mitigation save that none of the
three accused had committed any sexual offences previously, and that although
they each faced three charges, all the offences concerned the same incident.
In respect of the two abetment charges that each of them faced, they could be
amalgamated into one. The decision lies with the prosecution, but in
sentencing the accused, I think that the principle of a global or overall view
of the punishment is relevant and appropriate. Further, although hurt was
caused, the injuries suffered were not very severe. In the circumstances, I
sentenced each accused to a total of 16 years imprisonment and 24 strokes of
the cane.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Aug 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

