Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Kuan Yew v Chee Soon Juan  
[2003] SGHC 78

Case Number | : | Suit 1459/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC, Hri Kumar and Nicolas Tang (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiff/respondent; Defendant/appellant in person   
Parties | : |  Lee Kuan Yew — Chee Soon Juan   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Defence – Particulars of defence of duress not
pleaded – Effect on defendant's case  
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Whether to set aside summary judgment and
grant defendant leave to defend claim – Whether defendant had real or bona
fide defence  
  
Contract – Discharge – Breach – Whether intimidation a defence to breach of
contract of compromise  
  
Contract – Duress – Illegitimate pressure – Whether threat to enforce one's
legal rights could amount to duress  
  
Tort – Defamation – Defamatory statements – Republication – Words republished
by mass media – Whether defendant liable for republication  
  
Tort – Defamation – Defamatory statements – Whether defamatory in natural and
ordinary meaning or by way of innuendo  
  

1 This was an appeal by Dr Chee Soon Juan to judge-in-chambers from the
decision of Senior Assistant Registrar Mr Toh Han Li (‘the SAR’) granting
interlocutory judgment with damages (including aggravated damages) to be
assessed in a defamation action brought by the respondent, Mr Lee Kuan Yew. Mr
Lee is, and was at all material times, the Senior Minister in the Prime
Minister’s Office, a Cabinet Minister of the Government of Singapore and the
former Prime Minister of Singapore. On 25 October 2001, Mr Lee, as a candidate
of the People’s Action Party (‘PAP’), was returned unopposed as a Member of
Parliament for Tanjong Pagar Group Representation Constituency (‘GRC’) in the
2001 General Elections. Dr Chee is, and was at all material times, the
Secretary-General of the Singapore Democratic Party (‘SDP’). Dr Chee was a
candidate, along with four others, for Jurong GRC in the 2001 General
Elections.

2 On 28 October 2001, in the course of campaigning for the 2001 General
Elections, Dr Chee reportedly spoke and published certain words in public and
in the presence of, _inter alia_ , various members of the print and broadcast
media at an election rally at Nee Soon Central (‘the Words’), which Mr Lee
alleged to be defamatory of him.

3 On 19 November 2001, the present suit was commenced by Mr Lee against Dr
Chee. On 8 December 2001, Mr Lee filed an amended Statement of Claim seeking
to enforce a contract of compromise arising from the publication of an apology
by Dr Chee or alternatively, claiming against him for defamation. In Suit No
1460 of 2001, Mr Goh Chok Tong, the Prime Minister of the Republic of
Singapore, commenced a similar suit against Dr Chee for allegedly defamatory
words spoken by him at Hong Kah West hawker centre and at the election rally
at Nee Soon on 28 October 2001.

4 In both cases, Mr Lee and Mr Goh took out a summons in chambers application
praying for interlocutory judgment with damages (including aggravated damages)
to be assessed; and costs of the action, including the assessment of damages,
to be taxed on an indemnity basis. Both applications were heard at the same
time by the SAR, who granted the applications for interlocutory judgment.

**The Facts**

**The Words**

  
5 On 28 October 2001, at an election rally held at Nee Soon Central, Dr Chee
spoke the following words in the presence of members of the public and the
print and broadcast media:

Yesterday, Mr Lee Kuan Yew was at his best. When he’s at his best, names, bad
names have no problem rolling out of his tongue. He called me all sorts of
names. How do I react? I say no problem. No problem. Because the more names
you call me, I know the more it is that the PAP has to worry. I challenge the
PAP to stop calling me names and talk about the issues…

And so I challenged Mr Lee Kuan Yew yesterday to answer this one question, why
is he not addressing this very important issue that the SDP is campaigning on
this election….

…So when we met … when we met Goh Chok Tong this morning during our walkabout,
he was there just about 3 or 4 feet away, I asked him, “Mr Goh, what happened
to our money? What happened to this $17 billion?” He wouldn’t answer. He just
waved us on. I am very serious about this. My friends, it is your money, this
is your money, no, not the Government’s money, not Goh Chok Tong’s money. It
is your money. And when I asked him and he waved us on, it hit me, it hit me
very clearly, that the Government will not answer you. The Government can say,
“No, I am not interested in answering you, because you are not in Parliament …
But if you get Mr Ling How Doong from the SDP into Parliament, this guarantee
I give you, the first question that he will ask is what has happened to our
$17 billion?

You must be very careful that you don’t give the entire government this free
rein to take your money and use it without any opposition keeping it in check.
And this is that same question that I want to ask Mr Lee Kuan Yew today.
Address this point. I want to ask the media to publish this point. And you see
for yourselves tomorrow my friends, see for yourself whether the media is
going to publish it or not.

Because this is one very important point in this election. If it will define
this campaign for the SDP it is this issue. We want the media, whether it is
your broadcast media or your press media to report on this what we’ve just
said tonight. Because it makes all the difference. And if they report it, then
I want to challenge Mr Lee Kuan Yew, please don’t live in the past, my dear
Senior Minister, this is not 1961. He has said that he wants to demolish me.
You can’t. Yes, can’t. This is 2001, when we don’t want to talk about
demolishing anymore. We want to talk about creativity. We want to talk about
innovation. We want to talk about debate. That is very important. So Mr Lee
Kuan Yew, I challenge you, tell us about this $17 billion you loaned to
Suharto.

6 The Words and/or their gist were prominently republished by the print and
broadcast media.

**The first apology**

7 On 29 October 2001, the defendant wrote a letter addressed to Mr Goh as
follows:

Dear Sir,

With reference to the incident at the Hawker Centre at Jurong East on the
morning of 28 October 2001, I wish to reiterate my position that politics
should not be conducted at the personal level.

As such I wish to let you know that if I have offended you in a personal
manner during our meeting I would like to extend to you my sincerest
apologies.

At the political level, however, I stand by the issues that I have been
raising in this election.

Chee Soon Juan  

8 On 30 October 2001, Dr Chee issued a Media Release as follows:

The only reason why we brought up the issue about the $17b loan to Indonesia
was to compare it with the $2.1b the SDP has proposed to help retrenched
workers in Singapore. There was never any intention to cast any aspersion on
anyone, least of all Mr Goh Chok Tong. I therefore withdraw my allegation that
Mr Goh was dishonest and not fit to be the Prime Minister. I offer to him my
apologies.

9 Before the SAR, Dr Chee took no issue with the first apology and confirmed
that it was made voluntarily.

**Mr Lee’s letter of demand**

10 On 30 October 2001, Mr Lee’s solicitors, Drew & Napier LLC, wrote to Dr
Chee as follows:

Dear Sir

**Defamation**

1\. We act for Mr Lee Kuan Yew.

2\. Since 1997, the question of Singapore's financial assistance to Indonesia
has been discussed, _inter alia_ , in Parliament. In particular, and in
response to questions raised by Members of Parliament, including opposition
MPs, the Prime Minister, and other Ministers on his behalf, have given
detailed explanations, _inter alia_ , on the form of the said financial
assistance extended by Singapore to Indonesia.

3\. It has been explained in Parliament (and widely reported), as is the fact,
that Singapore’s rescue package to Indonesia was in two parts: a standby loan
facility of US$5 billion to Indonesia and the purchase of the Rupiah in the
foreign exchange markets to support the Indonesian currency.

4\. In particular, the following facts have been explained in Parliament, and
equally widely reported:-

(a) with regard to the standby loan facility, Singapore’s offer of financial
assistance to Indonesia was not made alone, but was part of a programme
formulated with the assistance of the IMF, the World Bank and ADB. The
programme included US$23 billion of financing from these agencies as well as
Indonesia’s own foreign exchange reserves. Singapore was one of a number of
countries, including Japan, the United States, Malaysia, Australia and Brunei,
which agreed to provide supplementary financing to support the programme.
Singapore’s offer of a standby loan facility was intended only as a “second
line of defence” to be drawn down if the said US$23 billion financing from the
IMF, the World Bank and the ADB was found to be inadequate;

(b) on 31st March 1998, our client wrote to President Suharto informing him of
Singapore’s decision to establish a Singapore-Indonesia Bilateral Trade
Finance Guarantee Scheme (“the BTFG Scheme”). The BTFG Scheme was intended to
provide export credit insurance initially for Singapore’s domestic exports to
Indonesia, and later retained imports from Indonesia and eventually, exports
to Indonesia through Singapore by Indonesia’s trading partners who do not have
their own bilateral export credit schemes;

(c) the BTFG Scheme was to have replaced the said standby loan facility of
US$5 billion; and

(d) no funds were ever disbursed by Singapore under the US$5 billion standby
loan facility.

5\. As a candidate for election to Parliament, and as the leader of the
Singapore Democratic Party, you must be taken to be fully aware of the above
matters.

6\. We are instructed that, in the course of campaigning on 28 October 2001,
you spoke the following words, _inter alia_ , in the presence of various
members of the print and broadcast media:

Yesterday, Mr Lee Kuan Yew was at his best. When he’s at his best, bad names
have no problem rolling off his tongue. He calls me all sorts of names. How do
I react? I say no problem. Because the more names you call me, I know the more
it is that the PAP has to worry. I challenge the PAP to stop calling me names
and start talking about the issues…

And so I challenged Mr Lee Kuan Yew yesterday, why is he not addressing this
very important issue that the SDP is campaigning on this election….

…So when we met … when we met Goh Chok Tong this morning during our walkabout,
he was there just about 3 or 4 feet away, I asked him, “Mr Goh, what happened
to our money? What happened to this $17 billion?” He wouldn’t answer. He just
waved us on. I am very serious about this. My friends, it is your money, this
is your money, no, not the Government’s money, not Goh Chok Tong’s money. It
is your money. And when I asked him and he waved us on, it hit me, it hit me
very clearly, that the Government will not answer you. The Government can say,
“No, I am not interested in answering you, because you are not in Parliament …
But if you get Mr Ling How Doong from the SDP into Parliament, this guarantee
I give you, the first question that he will ask is what has happened to your
$17 billion?

You must be very careful that you don’t give the entire government this free
rein to take your money and use it without any opposition keeping it in check.
And this is the same question that I want to ask Mr Lee Kuan Yew. I want to
ask the media to publish this point. And you see for yourselves tomorrow my
friends, see for yourself whether the media is going to publish it or not.

Because this is one very important point in the election. If it will define
this campaign for the SDP it is this issue. We want the media, whether it is
the broadcast media or your press media to report on this what we’ve just said
tonight. Makes all the difference. And if they report it, I want to challenge
Mr Lee Kuan Yew, please my dear Senior Minister, this is not 1961. He has said
that he wants to demolish me. You can’t. Yes, can’t. This is 2001, when we
don’t want to talk about demolishing anymore. We want to talk about
creativity. So Mr Lee Kuan Yew, I challenge you, tell us about this $17
billion you loaned to Suharto.

7\. The words in paragraph 6 above (“Words”) were prominently published by the
media on the same and the following day.

8\. By the Words, even more so to those persons who are informed of the
background (of whom there are many), you have falsely alleged, _inter alia_ ,
that our client is dishonest and unfit for office because:

(1) he concealed from Parliament and the public, and/or deliberately misled
Parliament in relation to, a $17 billion loan made to Indonesia; and

(2) that our client’s continued evasion of the issue was because he had
something discreditable to hide about the transaction.

9\. The Words were published maliciously and constitute a very grave slander
and libel against our client, who is the Senior of Singapore. The Words were
calculated to gain political mileage, and to disparage our client, and impugn
his character, credit and integrity.

10\. In the premises, our client requires you to:

(a) publish, at your expense, an apology and undertaking in terms of the draft
now enclosed. The apology and undertaking is to be published with appropriate
prominence in the 31st October, 1st, 2nd or 3rd November edition of the
Straits Times and the Today newspaper;

(b) read out the said apology at an SDP rally no later than 10 pm on 2nd
November 2001;

(c) compensate him by way of damages; and

(d) agree to indemnify him in respect of the costs which he will have incurred
in connection with this matter.

11 Our client requires your written confirmation that you will comply with
these conditions, along with your offer for damages, no later than 10 am on
2nd November 2001, failing which our instructions are to commence legal
proceedings against you.

11 A draft apology was also attached to the letter.

**The second apology**

  
12 On 31 October 2001, Dr Chee read out an apology at an SDP rally at Jurong
East (‘the second apology’). Dr Chee also published the second apology in the
1 November 2001 editions of the _Straits Times_ and the _Today_ newspaper. The
second apology was in the exact terms of the draft apology enclosed by Mr
Lee’s solicitors and read as follows:

**APOLOGY**

1\. On Sunday 28 October 2001, at a rally at Nee Soon Central, I made certain
statements which were understood to mean that Senior Minister Lee Kuan Yew is
dishonest and unfit for office because:

(a) Mr Lee Kuan Yew concealed from Parliament and the public, and/or
deliberately misled Parliament in relation to, a $17 billion loan made to
Indonesia; and

(b) Mr Lee Kuan Yew’s continued evasion of the issue was because he had
something discreditable to hide about the transaction.

2\. I admit and acknowledge that I had no basis for making these allegations,
and that they are false and untrue.

3\. I, Chee Soon Juan, do hereby unreservedly withdraw these allegations and
apologise to Mr Lee Kuan Yew for the distress and embarrassment caused to him
by my false and baseless allegations.

4\. I hereby also undertake not to make any further allegations or statements
to the same or similar effect. I also wish to state that I have agreed to pay
Mr Lee Kuan Yew damages by way of compensation and to indemnify him for all
costs and expenses incurred by him in connection with this matter.

Chee Soon Juan

**The decision below**

13 Before the SAR, counsel for Mr Lee, Mr Davinder Singh SC, submitted that as
a result of the publication of Dr Chee’s second apology, there was a valid and
binding contract of compromise between the parties, which Mr Lee was entitled
to enforce, and to which Dr Chee had no arguable defence. In any event, Mr Lee
was entitled to interlocutory judgment because Dr Chee had no arguable defence
to his alternative claim for defamation.

14 In his Defence and Counterclaim filed on 22 December 2001, _Dr Chee denied
speaking the Words_ , denied that they referred to Mr Lee, denied that the
Words even if spoken were defamatory, denied that he was liable for the
republication of the words and pleaded the defences of justification,
qualified privilege and fair comment (emphasis added). Dr Chee also pleaded
that in any event, any apology or compromise achieved by Mr Lee was null and
void, in that it was the product of duress and intimidation. He went so far as
to say that the apology tendered and the resulting compromise were not sincere
on his part (see para 15 of Dr Chee’s affidavit filed on 26 July 2002).

15 It would appear from Dr Chee’s two affidavits as well as his submissions
that the mainstay of his defence was that the second apology, and any contract
of compromise that had arisen as a result of this apology, were all null and
void due to duress and intimidation. Dr Chee’s affidavits and submissions did
not, however, touch on the other defences that he had earlier pleaded.

16 The SAR determined that there was a valid contract of compromise between
the parties as a result of Dr Chee’s agreement to apologise in terms of the
draft apology enclosed in the letter of demand, following the principles in
**_Shunmugam Jayakumar & Anor v Jeyaretnam JB & Anor_** [1997] 2 SLR 172. He
further held that upon Dr Chee’s failure to make an offer of damages as
required under the contract of compromise, Mr Lee was entitled to enforce the
contract of compromise by asking for interlocutory judgment with damages
(including aggravated damages) to be assessed.

17 In dismissing Dr Chee’s defence of duress, the SAR reasoned that:

(i) Dr Chee had failed to give sufficient particulars of his defence in his
pleadings;

(ii) As a matter of causation, Dr Chee’s case failed. If Dr Chee’s position
was that the alleged threat emanated from Mr Lee, the facts showed that the
second apology was made before, not after, the alleged threat.

(iii) Dr Chee was not to be believed because his case on duress shifted
several times.

(iv) Dr Chee’s belief that his apology would ‘lessen the consequences’ for his
party colleagues was entirely misconceived and self-induced.

(v) Dr Chee was not to be believed because he had failed to complain that the
second apology was induced by duress until he filed his Defence and
Counterclaim on 22 December 2001; and

(vi) In any case, a threat to enforce one’s legal rights cannot amount to
duress.

18 The SAR also dismissed Dr Chee’s defence of intimidation on the ground that
it was not a recognised vitiating factor but rather a cause of action in its
own right. He held that in any case, a threat to enforce one’s legal rights
cannot amount to intimidation.

19 In the result, the SAR entered judgment for Mr Lee holding _inter alia_
that the Words were defamatory either in their natural and ordinary meaning or
by way of innuendo; that Dr Chee was liable for the republication of the words
because he intended and in fact demanded that the journalists republish the
words; and that although justification, qualified privilege and fair comment
were pleaded, Dr Chee offered very little material in support of the defences
or made any submissions on them.

20 The SAR also found that the fact that Dr Chee had brought a Counterclaim
against Mr Lee for defamation was no reason to grant Dr Chee a stay of
execution, much less leave to defend because the facts on which the
Counterclaim was founded were separate and distinct from those which gave rise
to the present action. On appeal, Dr Chee did not dwell on this aspect of the
SAR’s judgment.

**The appeal**

21 During the appeal hearing, Dr Chee endeavoured to impugn the SAR’s findings
of fact and of law on the ground of bias. It was clear, however, that an
underlying grouse was that Dr Chee perceived himself to be at a disadvantage
in these proceedings because he had not been granted leave to hire Queen’s
Counsel. Whilst it is true that Dr Chee appeared in person before the SAR and
in this appeal, the records confirmed the fact that he had had ample time to
seek legal advice and refine his presentation both before the SAR, as well as
before me.

22 While the case was before the SAR, Dr Chee informed him that he had sought
the assistance of Mr William Henric Nicholas QC, an expert in the law of
defamation in Australia. Upon being informed that Dr Chee wished to defend the
application for interlocutory judgment, the SAR took into account Dr Chee’s
need to consult his legal advisers in setting the timelines for the filing of
his affidavit (even though the time for filing such an affidavit had already
expired under the Rules of Court), the exchange of written submissions and the
hearing itself. Upon Dr Chee’s request, the SAR granted him an additional two
weeks to file his affidavit, as he needed more time to consult his lawyers. In
relation to the appeal before me also, Dr Chee confirmed that he had conferred
with overseas counsel on the appeal. When the appeal was in train, I afforded
Dr Chee a further opportunity to seek legal assistance if he so required at
any stage during the appeal.

23 I now turn to examine the substantive merits of this appeal.

**General principles**

24 It is a settled principle of law that in an application for summary
judgment, the defendant will not be given leave to defend based on mere
assertions alone: **_Banque de Paris Et Des Pays-Bas (Suisse) SA v Costa de
Naray and Christopher John Walters_** [1984] 1 Lloyd’s LR 21 at 23. The court
must be convinced that there is a reasonable probability that the defendant
has a real or bona fide defence in relation to the issues. In this regard, the
standard to be applied was well-articulated by Laddie J in **_Microsoft
Corporation v Electro-Wide Limited_** [1997] FSR 580, where he said at p 593
that:

it is not sufficient to look at each factual issue one by one and to consider
whether it is possible that the defendant’s story in relation to that issue is
credible. The court must look at the complete account of events put forward by
both the plaintiff and the defendant and … look at the whole situation. The
mere fact that the defendants support their defence by sworn evidence does not
mean that the court is obliged to suspend its critical faculties and accept
that evidence as if it were probably accurate. If, having regard to
inconsistency with contemporaneous documents, inherent implausibility and
other compelling evidence, the defence is not credible, the court must say so.
It should not let the filing of evidence which surpasses belief deprive a
plaintiff of his entitlement to relief.

25 The courts are bound to scrutinise with care any attempt by a disputant to
renege a contract of compromise on the ground that it is unenforceable for
some reason. As the editors of **_Chitty on Contracts_** (Vol 1, 28th Ed)
state at para 17-013, ‘[t]here is a manifestly obvious public policy in favour
of encouragement and enforcement of compromises of disputes which the parties
themselves have agreed to.’ The editors further comment at para 23-013 that:

Once a valid compromise has been reached, it is not open to the party against
whom the claim is made to avoid the compromise on the ground that the claim
was in fact invalid, provided that the claim was made in good faith and was
reasonably believed to be valid by the person asserting it.  

**Duress**

26 On appeal, the thrust of Dr Chee’s defence was once again duress. I will
deal with the issue of intimidation later.

**Failure to particularise the defence**

27 Dr Chee submitted that the SAR should not have entered summary judgment on
the ground that he had failed to particularise his defence of duress because
counsel for Mr Lee had never asked for further particulars. He argued that it
was not for the SAR to take this point when counsel had not even raised this
as an issue. This, Dr Chee, submitted demonstrated the SAR’s bias and that he
was ‘acting as the plaintiff’s advocates and solicitors’.

28 There was no merit to this argument. Without sufficient particulars, the
court would be unable to assess if the defendant has a real or bona fide
defence. The law requires a defence of duress to be specifically and carefully
pleaded, regardless of whether the plaintiff makes a demand for particulars.
Order 18 r 8 of the Rules of Court 1997 states expressly states that:

_A party must in any pleading subsequent to a statement of claim plead
specifically any matter_ , for example, performance, release, any relevant
statute of limitation, fraud or any fact showing illegality -

(a) which he alleges makes any claim or defence of the opposite party not
maintainable;

(b) which, if not specifically pleaded, might take the opposite party by
surprise; or

(c) which raises issues of fact not arising out of the preceding pleading
[Emphasis added].

The commentary on this provision is set out in paragraph 18/8/12 of Supreme
Court Practice 1999 as follows:

Duress- A claim or defence raising duress must be specifically and carefully
pleaded. It should contain full particulars of the facts and circumstances
relied upon as to where, when, by whom and over whom and in what way such
duress was exercised.

29 Further, it was completely incorrect to say that the SAR had taken the
point on Mr Lee’s behalf without any prompting from counsel. Mr Davinder Singh
had expressly made the pleading point an issue in the written submissions
before the SAR.

**Issues of causation and the credibility of Dr Chee’s defence**

30 Dr Chee’s case before the SAR was that the second apology was prompted by
reports from his party colleagues that they had learned from ‘mass media
reports’ that ‘Mr Lee Kuan Yew had said something to the effect that what
action he took against the other SDP candidates he had identified depended on
how [Dr Chee] responded to his demands’, as well as an article in the _Straits
Times_ entitled ‘5 SDP members may face legal action too’ on 1 November 2001
wherein Mr Lee was quoted as saying that five other SDP candidates who
repeated Dr Chee’s allegations ‘may yet receive letters demanding apologies
and later on maybe writs of summons’. Insofar as the former was concerned, the
SAR found that Dr Chee had given insufficient particulars in support of his
defence. Insofar as the alleged threat in the newspaper article was concerned,
the SAR found that it could not have been the _causa causans_ of the second
apology because Dr Chee had made his apology on the night of 31 October,
before the publication of the article.

31 Dr Chee accused the SAR of intentionally misrepresenting his position
because of bias. On appeal, Dr Chee strenuously sought to explain that he had
referred to the newspaper article on 1 November 2001 not for the purpose of
demonstrating the time sequence, but for the purpose of referring to the
information that was contained therein. He argued that causation was not an
issue in this case because Mr Lee must have made his threat on 31 October in
order for the _Straits Times_ to report it the next day.

32 I am of the opinion that Dr Chee has failed to demonstrate before me as
well as before the SAR that he had a real or bona fide defence. The manner in
which Dr Chee has conducted the case before the SAR and on appeal revealed
that his defence was contrived for the sake of creating some sort of a triable
issue. In his Defence and Counterclaim filed in December 2001, Dr Chee’s
defences of duress and intimidation were but bare allegations. It was only
some seven months later, in his first affidavit of 26 July 2002 that he gave
some inkling of the specifics of his defence. By the time of this appeal, his
case on duress had undergone at least four permutations.

33 In his first affidavit, Dr Chee referred to the _Straits Times_ article of
1 November 2001 and stated:

Upon learning about the newspaper report and what Mr Lee said, my fellow
candidates and/or their family members became very anxious and concerned. Some
of them urged me to apologise to the plaintiff. I took what Mr Lee Kuan Yew
said to be a threat that if I didn’t apologise in terms both he and Mr Goh
Chok Tong demanded, they would both initiate proceedings against each of my
fellow candidates mentioned above.

After lengthy discussions with my fellow candidates, I felt that I had no
choice but to issue the apology demanded by the plaintiffs as I did not want
to risk jeopardising their future.

It was clear from these passages, therefore, that Dr Chee’s position was that
his apology of 31 October was prompted by the newspaper report of 1 November.
This was the basis of the SAR’s finding that Dr Chee had failed to establish
causation.  
  
34 When confronted by this material inconsistency at the hearing before the
SAR, Dr Chee changed tack and attributed the threat to Mr Goh by referring to
another _Straits Times_ article also dated 1 November 2001 entitled ‘SDP man
admits ‘no basis’ for loan allegations’ wherein Mr Goh was reported as saying
on 30 October that ‘apart from Dr Chee, several other candidates should be
taking stock of the allegations they had made’. On appeal, Dr Chee, in an
attempt that smacked of _ex post facto_ reasoning, tried to rationalise this
aspect of his case by saying that he had meant that Mr Goh had made a threat
_in addition_ to Mr Lee (Emphasis added).  

35 During his submissions before me, Dr Chee sought to overcome the problem in
chronology by maintaining that Mr Lee was the perpetrator of the alleged
threat but advancing the new argument that Mr Lee had made the threat on the
same day as his apology instead of the day after. As alluded to above, his
case was that Mr Lee must have made the threat on 31 October for it to be
reported the next day.

36 Surprisingly, Dr Chee had yet one more theory to offer in his reply to Mr
Davinder Singh, where he equated the threat with the letter of demand itself.

37 Dr Chee’s story of duress appears to me to be an afterthought given the
fact that he did not raise the argument that the second apology was induced by
duress until he filed his Defence and Counterclaim on 22 December 2001. Dr
Chee complained that it was ‘grossly unfair and improper’ for the SAR to use
this fact against him because the proper place for the defence to be raised
was in the pleadings themselves. He argued that the SAR’s remarks amounted to
‘improper and non-judicial remarks, again highlighting the bias of the
Courts.’

38 Dr Chee was, of course, not a lawyer and one would not expect him to
express his objections in the form of legal niceties. However, in my view, it
was surely not too difficult for someone who had been subject to duress (or
for that matter, intimidation) to express in strong terms that he had been
forced to make an apology: **_Wellcherry Limited v Gentleteem Limited_**
[1999] 1529 HKCU 1. The failure to protest is a legitimate factor to take into
account when assessing the credibility of the defendant’s defence. In **_Third
World Development Ltd & Anor v Atang Latief & Anor_** [1990] 1 MLJ 385, the
defendant had alleged that an undertaking that the plaintiff was seeking to
enforce against him had been procured under duress. The Court of Appeal, in
dismissing this purported defence, observed at page 388:

It is significant that, even at this stage, confronted with a demand for
payment of the amount under the undertaking, not a word was uttered by the
appellant that the undertaking was forced on him or that the respondents in
any way pressurised him to execute the undertaking. It was only after this
action was started that the appellant complained that he was coerced into
signing the undertaking.

39 In the present case, Dr Chee failed to make any complaint even after the
present suit was commenced. When asked by the _Straits Times_ on or about 20
November 2001 as to why he had not made an offer of damages and costs, Dr Chee
claimed that ‘he did not make any offer of compensation because he had been
advised to let Mr Goh and Mr Lee make the first move to claim damages and
legal costs.’ Although he had been advised (legally, I presume) by then, he
made absolutely no mention of duress or intimidation until he filed his
Defence and Counterclaim on 22 December 2001. Even then, the allegation of
duress and intimidation was but a bare statement with some particulars given
in his first affidavit of 26 July 2002 and with more particulars added in his
second affidavit of 12 August 2002.

40 In any case, it should be remembered presently that the second apology was
issued by Dr Chee upon the request and persuasion of his party colleagues and
not by any improper pressure brought to bear on him by Mr Lee and/or Mr Goh.
In his submissions before me, Dr Chee emphasised repeatedly that he apologised
only after his party colleagues exerted pressure upon him. Insofar as his
party colleagues were of the impression that an apology from Dr Chee would
‘lessen the consequences’ for the others, that impression was entirely
misconceived. All the media reports adduced before me show that both Mr Goh
and Mr Lee were of the opinion that each of the SDP candidates should take
individual responsibility for their behaviour. Mr Goh was quoted in ‘SDP man
admits ‘no basis’ for loan allegations’ as saying that each of the SDP
candidates should take stock of the allegations they had made and each
consider some act to mitigate the harm they had done. No mention was made of
Dr Chee apologising on their behalf. The same applies to Mr Lee who was quoted
in entitled ‘5 SDP members may face legal action too’ as saying that even if
Dr Chee apologised, that would not solve the matter completely. As the SAR put
it, the second apology was ‘self-induced, rather than threat-induced’ in that
it was an attempt on the part of Dr Chee to appease his party colleagues and
stay in the election race.

**The status of threats to enforce legal rights as duress**

41 Even if I were to assume in Dr Chee’s favour that Mr Lee and/or Mr Goh had
indeed threatened to commence legal actions against Dr Chee’s party
colleagues, I find, as did the SAR, that such a threat did not amount in law
to duress. On appeal, Dr Chee attacked the SAR’s finding as ‘disingenuous and
question begging’ and argued that the SAR was ‘inappropriately biased’ to
‘blankly assert that the Plaintiff in issuing legal threats was merely
threatening to enforce his legal rights. The Plaintiff had no right to sue the
other candidates but then the Court glosse[d] over this undeniable fact as if
it did not exist.’

42 It was difficult to determine the basis for Dr Chee’s assertion that Mr Lee
and/or Mr Goh had no right to commence legal proceedings against those who had
allegedly defamed them. It is clear that a threat to enforce one’s legal
rights does not amount to duress, at least where the threat is made bona fide,
and is not manifestly frivolous or vexatious. In **_Chitty on Contracts_**
(Vol 1, 28th Ed) at para 7-006 the editors state that in order to establish
the defence of duress, the defendant must not only demonstrate that the
pressure or threats were made but that they were illegitimate:

Pressure and threats. Once it is accepted that the basis of duress does not
depend upon the absence of consent, but on the combination of pressure and
absence of practical choice, it follows that it is the nature of the pressure
or the threats which becomes all-important. Clearly, not all pressure is
illegitimate, nor even are all threats illegitimate. In ordinary commercial
activity, pressure and even threats are both commonplace and often perfectly
proper. Indeed, in one sense, all contracts are made under pressure: every
offeror “threatens” that unless the offeree accepts the terms offered, he will
not get the benefit of whatever goods or services are on offer. Nor can it
even be said that the force or weight of the pressure or the threats is the
decisive factor, “for in life, including the life of commerce and finance,
many acts are done under pressure, sometimes overwhelming pressure, so that
one can say that the actor had no choice but to act.” It therefore becomes
essential to distinguish between legitimate and illegitimate forms of
pressure.

At para 7-035, the editors of Chitty go on to state:

Since recourse to law is the remedy for redress provided by the law itself, it
is obvious that prima facie a threat to enforce one’s legal rights by
instituting civil proceedings cannot be an unlawful or wrongful threat.
Consequently a contract which is obtained by means of such a threat must
_prima facie_ be valid, and cannot be impeached on grounds of duress. So an
ordinary bona fide compromise is clearly a valid contract even though exacted
under threats to bring (or defend) legal proceedings… Even a threat to bring
proceedings where there is no ground of action in law is prima facie not an
unlawful threat, at least where the threat is made bona fide, and is not
manifestly frivolous or vexatious.

The above principles were endorsed by Selvam J _in**Shunmugam Jayakumar & Anor
v Jeyaretnam JB & Anor**_ [1997] 2 SLR 172 at 190.

43 On appeal, Dr Chee expressed difficulty in tackling this point because it
required some knowledge of the law. I therefore granted him permission to
adduce further submissions on this point after the conclusion of the hearing.
In further submissions filed on 26 February 2003, Dr Chee submitted that ‘[a]
threat of legal proceedings (including a threat to commence proceedings
against third parties) which is mala fides amounts to duress or undue
influence.’ The alleged threat in the present case, Dr Chee asserted, was ‘not
made bona fide, in that it was made for the purpose of intimidating and
silencing political opposition to the plaintiff.’ This was the first time that
such an allegation had ever been raised and Dr Chee failed to give any
particulars in support of it. Just as it is with the case with duress, bad
faith must be properly pleaded:

An allegation that a party has been guilty of bad faith or breach of good
faith is the equivalent of dishonesty, though not necessarily for a financial
motive, and proper particulars of such an allegation must be pleaded,
otherwise the allegation will be struck out: para 18/12/14 of the Supreme
Court Practice 1999.

44 Dr Chee failed to raise the issue of mala fides in his pleadings, or even
subsequently in his affidavits or his oral arguments. It was only after I
granted him the opportunity to adduce further submissions after the conclusion
of the hearing that Dr Chee saw fit to introduce the point. This was over a
year after Mr Lee first initiated the action, and only after the matter had
already gone on appeal. In the circumstances, I found that the allegation of
mala fides was but an afterthought, contrived for the purpose of creating a
colourable defence and therefore not worthy of serious consideration.

45 In his response to Dr Chee’s submissions of 26 February, Mr Davinder Singh
argued that the issue of mala fides was in any case irrelevant because a
threat to enforce one’s legal rights by instituting legal proceedings could
not amount to duress unless it was used as an instrument to extort money from
others. Although recent authority seems to indicate that the state of mind of
the parties is a relevant consideration in determining whether duress exists
(see eg **_CTN Cash and Carry Ltd v Gallaher_** [1994] 4 All ER 714; **_Huyton
SA v Peter Cremer GmbH & Co_** [1999] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 620; **_DSND Subsea
Limited v Petroleum Geo Services ASA_** [2000] Build LR 530 and **_Sharon
Global Solutions Pte Ltd v LG International (Singapore) Pte Ltd_** [2001] 3
SLR 368), I find that on the factual matrix of the present case, Dr Chee’s
belated submission was wholly tendentious and appeared to have been introduced
in vain to overcome the deficiencies in his purported defence.

46 It would not be out of place if I mentioned at this stage that it is indeed
ironical that Dr Chee, who claims that the letter of apology was not genuine
and was not given in a sincere vein, now expects the court to hold that what
he presently says is true and genuine. Another irony is that having by his own
admission extended the said apology to gain a perceived or misperceived
advantage to advance his electoral ambitions, Dr Chee now wants the courts to
set the clock back and validate his attempts to renege on the compromise
agreement so reached. In my evaluation, to say the least, Dr Chee’s current
endeavour is seemingly an exercise in expediency and his purported defence
conclusively unmeritorious.

**Intimidation**

47 On appeal, the SAR’s findings on intimidation were not the subject of
separate scrutiny by Dr Chee. Nevertheless, I deal with it here for the sake
of completeness.

48 As the SAR correctly found, intimidation is not a recognised vitiating
factor but rather a cause of action as a tort in its own right. The factors
necessary to establish the tort of intimidation were summarised by Lord
Denning MR in **_Morgan v Fry_** [1968] 2 QB 710, at 724:

According to the decision in _Rookes v Barnard_ the tort of intimidation
exists, not only in threats of violence, but also in threats to commit a tort
or a breach of contract. The essential ingredients are these: there must be a
threat by one person to use unlawful means (such as violence or a tort or a
breach of contract) so as to compel another to obey his wishes: and the person
so threatened must comply with the demand rather than risk the threat being
carried into execution. In such circumstance the person damnified by the
compliance can sue for intimidation.

49 A ‘threat’ to do what one has a legal right to do cannot amount to
intimidation. This approach was confirmed by the House of Lords in **_Rookes v
Barnard_** [1964] AC 1129 where Lord Reid held, at page 1168:

So long as the defendant only threatens to do what he has a legal right to do
he is on safe ground. At least if there is no conspiracy he would not be
liable to anyone for doing the act, whatever his motive might be, and it would
be absurd to make him liable for threatening to do it but not for doing it.

**Defamation**

**  
** 50 In the alternative, the SAR entered judgment for Mr Lee on the ground
that Dr Chee had no arguable defence to a claim in defamation. Dr Chee
attacked the SAR’s findings on the ground that he had no jurisdiction to enter
summary judgment in a defamation action. In so doing, the SAR had ‘overstepped
his boundaries and acted like a trial judge when he clearly had no authority
to do so’. Again, this demonstrated that the SAR’s judgment was ‘fraught with
bias’.

51 Dr Chee’s submission was entirely misconceived. The courts have summarily
determined the question of defamation by striking out defences which disclosed
no real defence and entered interlocutory judgment for damages to be assessed.
In **_Bank of China v Asiaweek_** [1991] 2 MLJ 505, the defendant had pleaded,
_inter alia_ , a bare denial that the words complained were defamatory of the
plaintiff or were understood to bear the meanings as alleged by the plaintiff
or any other meaning defamatory of the plaintiff. Thean J examined that
defence in the light of the pleadings and the affidavits filed by the parties
and concluded that it was ‘manifestly unsustainable, frivolous and a sham’. He
accordingly struck out the defence and gave the plaintiff leave to enter
interlocutory judgment.

52 Mr Davinder Singh submitted that the second apology clinched the case in Mr
Lee’s favour because they contained material admissions by Dr Chee that he had
defamed Mr Lee. In my determination, the Words were indisputably defamatory of
Mr Lee independently of the impugned second apology and that Dr Chee had
failed to establish that he had a real or bona fide defence.

53 At the risk of repetition, Dr Chee in his Defence denied speaking the
Words, denied that they referred to Mr Lee, denied that the words even if
spoken were defamatory, denied that he was liable for the republication of the
words and pleaded the defences of justification, qualified privilege and fair
comment.

54 On appeal, Dr Chee declined to respond to my repeated invitations to
confirm whether he maintained the position that he had not uttered either the
Words for fear of compromising his defence. The Words were therefore played
before me and I found that there was no doubt that Dr Chee had indeed
pronounced the Words and that they referred to Mr Lee. Despite this replay, Dr
Chee still would not commit himself to an answer. At the close of the appeal,
however, I granted Dr Chee permission to adduce written submissions on whether
his position remained that he did not speak the Words. In further submissions
filed on 26 February 2003, Dr Chee finally admitted that he did utter the
Words. His hesitation in answering an uncomplicated question until 26 February
2003 clearly evinced to the court that he was improvising his defences as he
went along.

55 Insofar as the substantive merits of the alternative claim in defamation
were concerned, I can do no better than to express my complete agreement with
the following findings of the SAR in paras 50 to 61 of his judgment:

**_The natural and ordinary meaning of the Words_**

[50] The test as to what is the natural and ordinary meaning of the Words has
been set out in _Rubber Improvement Ltd & Anor v Daily Telegraph Ltd_ [1964]
AC 234 where Lord Reid said at page 258:

There is no doubt that in actions for libel the question is what the words
would convey to the ordinary man: it is not one of construction in the legal
sense. The ordinary man does not live in an ivory tower and he is not
inhibited by a knowledge of the rules of construction. So he can and does read
between the lines in the light of his general knowledge and experience of
world affairs ...What the ordinary man would infer without special knowledge
has generally been called the natural and ordinary meaning of the words. But
that expression is rather misleading in that it conceals the fact that there
are two elements in it. Sometimes it is not necessary to go beyond the words
themselves, as where the plaintiff has been called a thief or a murderer. But
more often the sting is not so much in the words themselves as in what the
ordinary man will infer from them, and that is also regarded as part of their
natural and ordinary meaning.

[51] The Words in the present case were spoken in the midst of the defendant’s
campaign trial with the print and broadcast media in attendance. The
defendant’s intended audience was the public at large. In determining the
natural and ordinary meaning of the Words, the sense or meaning intended by
the defendant is irrelevant. Nor for such purpose is the sense or meaning in
which the Words were understood by the defendant relevant. The meaning must be
gathered from the Words themselves and in the context of the entire speech
made by the defendant on that occasion. It is the natural and ordinary meaning
as understood by reasonable members of the audience using their general
knowledge and common sense.

[52] The test as to whether the Words are defamatory of the plaintiff has been
set our by the Court of Appeal in _Aaron v Cheong Yip Seng_ [1996] 2 SLR 623
at page at 641 as an objective test, being whether “the words tend to lower
the plaintiff in the estimation of right-thinking members of society
generally.”

[53] Applying the above principles, the words “so I challenged Mr Lee Kuan Yew
yesterday to answer this one question”, “I asked him “Mr Goh, what happened to
our money? What happened to this $17 billion?”, “this is that same question
that I want to ask Mr Lee Kuan Yew today” and “So Mr Lee Kuan Yew, I challenge
you, tell us about this $17 billion you loaned to Suharto”, when read together
meant that the plaintiff made a $17 billion loan to Indonesia and/or former
Indonesian President Suharto and that the plaintiff concealed the fact of the
loan from Parliament and/or the public, and/or deliberately misled Parliament
and/or the public in relation to the loan. This is an imputation of dishonesty
against the plaintiff.

[54] The words “so I challenged Mr Lee Kuan Yew yesterday to answer this one
question, why is he not addressing this very important issue” and “this is
that same question that I want to ask Mr Lee Kuan Yew today. Address this
point”, when read together with the words above, meant that the plaintiff was
evading the issue because he has something discreditable to hide about the
transaction. This is an imputation of dishonesty against the plaintiff.

[55] I therefore find that the natural and ordinary meaning of the Words was
that the plaintiff is dishonest and unfit for office because:

(a) he concealed from Parliament and the public, and/or deliberately misled
Parliament in relation to, a $17 billion loan made to Indonesia; and

(b) his continued evasion of the issue was because he had something
discreditable to hide about the transaction.

[56] In my view, the Words were clearly defamatory of the plaintiff as they
contain a clear imputation of dishonesty attributed to the plaintiff in his
office as the Senior Minister of Singapore.

**Innuendo**

[57] As regards the plaintiff’s alternative claim based on innuendo, I find
that as the facts relating to the financial assistance package to Indonesia
were extensively discussed and published in the local media as exhibited at
LKY-7 [copies of minutes of the relevant proceedings in the Singapore
Parliament] and LKY-8 [newspaper articles on the financial assistance package,
the Stand-by Facility and the BTFG Scheme], a person who heard the Words would
have understood them to bear the meaning I have set out at paragraph 55 by way
of innuendo.

**Liability for republication**

[58] In Gatley on Libel and Slander (9th Ed, 1998) the editors state at page
151 as follows:

Cases of defamation are subject to no peculiar rule but are governed by the
general principles of tort with regard to causation and remoteness of damage.
Hence, if repetition is the natural and probable consequence of the original
publication the defendant is liable for the damage caused by it.

[59] In _Goh Chok Tong v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_ [1998] 1 SLR 547
Rajendran J held at pages 584-586:

…There are only two causes of action – the one cause against the original
publisher and the second cause against the republisher. The damages to be
assessed for the original publication must extend to include foreseeable loss,
including loss arising out of foreseeable republication. …

The general rule…is simply that the original publisher is liable for his
publication and the republisher for his republication. Separate acts
constitute separate torts. However, applying the rules relating to remoteness
of damage to the original tort, it is conceivable that the original publisher
is liable for the republication where that republication was more likely than
not the consequence of the original publication.

 _If the defendant authorised or intended the republication, it would almost
certainly be the case that republication was a foreseeable consequence_ …
[Emphasis his]

…

If republication is not too remotely foreseeable a consequence, then the
damage resulting from republication is damage not too remote, and the
defendant is liable for the whole damage arising out of this original
publication…

[60] In my judgment, it was a virtual certainty that the Words would be
republished by the media for the following reasons:

(a) the Words were spoken in the course of campaigning for Parliamentary
General Elections;

(b) the plaintiff is the Senior Minister, and the defendant is the Secretary-
General of the SDP. Both parties were therefore high-profile candidates, and
extensive media coverage of their speeches and campaign activities was a
certainty;

(c) the defendant had announced to the media that the alleged loan to
Indonesia, which was the subject of the Words, was the most important issue on
the SDP’s campaign agenda. On the morning of 28 October 2001, the defendant
had said the following to members of the media:

we kept saying Suharto, Suharto, Suharto find me one word, just that one word
in Suharto in today’s _Straits Times_ did anybody say it? But that’s the most
important thing in our campaign right now, alright?

(d) the defendant spoke the Words in the presence of a large number of
representatives from the print and broadcast media;

(e) the defendant spoke the Words in a sensational and aggressive manner; and

(f) in the same speech in which the defendant spoke the Words, he said:

I want to ask the media to publish this point. And you see for yourselves
tomorrow my friends, see for yourself whether the media is going to publish it
or not.

Because this is one very important point in this election. If it will define
this campaign for the SDP it is this issue. We want the media, whether it is
your broadcast media or your press media to report on this what we’ve just
said tonight. Because it makes all the difference.

[61] In the circumstances, I find that the defendant intended and in fact
demanded that the journalists republish his Words and I accordingly find him
liable for the republication of the Words.

56 Dr Chee’s defences of justification, qualified privilege and fair comment
can be dealt with together summarily. The three defences were but bare
allegations in his Defence. Dr Chee failed to proffer any evidence in support
of these defences in his affidavits and did not make them the subject of
submissions either before me or the SAR. As mentioned by me earlier, it is
settled law that the defendant will not be given leave to defend based on mere
assertions alone: **_Banque de Paris Et Des Pays-Bas (Suisse) SA v Costa de
Naray and Christopher John Walters_** [1984] 1 Lloyd’s LR 21 at 23. I
therefore found that Dr Chee had failed to raise any triable defence to the
action for defamation.

**Conclusion**

57 Having considered all the facts and arguments, I found that that Dr Chee
had failed to establish that he had a real or bona fide defence to Mr Lee’s
claim and consequently his appeal stands dismissed with costs.

_Order accordingly_**.**

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

