Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Myanma Yaung Chi Oo Co. Ltd v Win Win Nu and Another  
[2003] SGHC 124

Case Number | : | Suit 1357/2002, RA 115/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 June 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anjali Iyer (Haq & Selvam) for the Plaintiffs; Ow Kim Kit (Haq & Selvam) for the Plaintiffs; Mohan Das (Haq & Selvam) for the Plaintiffs; Chelva R Rajah SC (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the Defendants; Burton Chen (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the Defendants; MK Eusuff Ali (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the Defendants; Christine Lee (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the Defendants   
Parties | : |  Myanma Yaung Chi Oo Co. Ltd — Win Win Nu; Yaung Chi Oo Trading Pte Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Confidentiality – Documents – Documents from arbitration
proceedings used in court – Reasonable necessity exception – Whether leave of
court necessary – Whether leave of court can be granted retrospectively  
  
Arbitration – Confidentiality – Documents – Documents from arbitration
proceedings used in court – Whether parties owe duty to maintain
confidentiality of documents used in arbitration proceedings  
  

1 The parties in this action are involved in legal proceedings in Singapore
and in Myanmar.

2 The proceedings arose out of a joint venture between the first defendant and
Myanmar Foodstuff Industries ("MFI"), an organization under the control of the
government of Myanmar, and the establishment of a joint venture company, the
plaintiff. The company started off well, but disagreements between joint
venture parties eventually led to the winding up of the company.

3 The second defendant commenced arbitration proceedings against the
government of Myanmar under the Agreement for the Promotion and Protection of
Investments between member governments of the Association of South East Asian
Nations on the ground that the government wrongfully expropriated its
investment in the plaintiff company.

4 Subsequent to the filing of these proceedings, actions were filed against
the first defendant in Myanmar, one by the liquidators of the company and one
by MFI. In addition to that, the present action was filed in Singapore in the
name of the company.

5 The defendants applied to strike out the action on the ground that it is
scandalous, frivolous or vexatious or is an abuse of the process of court.
They sought in the alternative to have the action stayed pending the
determination of the arbitration proceedings. The first defendant deposed
affidavits in support of the application where she referred to the arbitration
proceedings and exhibited documents in those proceedings. The plaintiff
objected to the disclosures and applied to strike them out. After hearing
counsel, an assistant registrar made the orders the plaintiff sought, and the
defendants appealed against the orders.

6 The plaintiff’s application was made on the basis that the disclosures are
irrelevant, scandalous, oppressive and inadmissible, that they are intended to
abuse or prejudice the plaintiffs, that they are unduly prolific, that they
are intended as a contemptuous, defamatory and collateral attack on the organs
of the government of Myanmar and are in breach of the rule of comity of
nations.

7 When the matter came before the assistant registrar, the issues had
narrowed. The assistant registrar noted that

One of the main issues in contention is whether prior leave is required before
an arbitrating party can rely on the "reasonable necessity" exception.
_Hassneh_ suggests that the duty of confidentiality, akin to the duty found
between banker and customer, is limited and disclosure of the award on the
ground of reasonable necessity does not require leave of court. However, _Ali
Shipping_ suggests that leave is nevertheless required if one seeks to rely on
this exception even though reference was made to _Hassneh_ and the banker-
customer relationship analogy.

Based on _Ali Shipping_ and submissions made by Plaintiff Counsel, I am of the
view that prior leave is required. Assuming that the court can grant
retrospective leave, the Defendants have not given me any reason to do so
except that they had held the view that leave of court was not required in the
first place. That would not be sufficient. I would add that the legal position
is not crystal clear and it is understandable why Defendants took the position
they did.

(The two cases are referred to in paras 12-15).

8 On appeal before me, the issues were refined further to whether parties in
arbitration proceedings have a duty to maintain confidentiality of the
documents in those proceeding, and whether leave of court was necessary for a
party to disclose such documents and if so, if it could be given
retrospectively.

9 The general position is set out in _Russell on Arbitration_ (22nd edn) which
states at para 5-197

Whilst it is clear that under English law the general principles of
confidentiality and privacy apply to arbitration, there is no reason to be
complacent, or to regard the current position as beyond question, particularly
in the light of decisions such as _Esso/BHP v Plowman_. In that case the High
Court of Australia reviewed the English authorities on the subject in detail
with substantial input from leading English lawyers, yet concluded that under
Australian law there was no implied obligation of confidentiality.

It goes on at para 5-198 that

The private nature of arbitration gives rise to an implied obligation on a
party obtaining documents in an arbitration not to disclose or use them for
any purpose other than the dispute in which they were obtained. This duty of
confidence extends to "any documents prepared for and used in the arbitration,
or disclosed or produced in the course of the arbitration, or transcripts or
notes of the evidence in the arbitration or the award". There are exceptions
to this duty of non-disclosure where the disclosure takes place with the
consent of the other party or by order or leave of the court, where it is
reasonably necessary or where it is in the interests of justice.

and at para 5-200 that

The duty of confidence is qualified in relation to the award when disclosure
is reasonably necessary to establish or protect a party’s legal rights as
against a third party by founding a cause of action or a defence to a claim.
In these circumstances disclosure of the award, including any reasons given,
will not be a breach of the duty of confidentiality. It was previously thought
that this principle applied only to an award and not to materials such as
pleadings, witness statements, disclosure, etc., used in the arbitration
process leading up to the award. However, recent authority suggests it also
covers pleadings, written submissions, proofs of witnesses, transcripts and
notes of the evidence, provided of course such disclosure is reasonably
necessary to establish or protect a party’s legal rights as against a third
party.

10 The duty of confidentiality was discussed in _Dolling-Baker v Merrett_
[1990] 1 WLR 1205 where Parker LJ stated at p 1213

As between parties to an arbitration, although the proceedings are consensual
and may thus be regarded as wholly voluntary, their very nature is such that
there must, in my judgment, be some implied obligation on both parties not to
disclose or use for any other purpose any documents prepared for and used in
the arbitration, or disclosed or produced in the course of the arbitration, or
transcripts or notes of the evidence in the arbitration or the award, and
indeed not to disclose in any other way what evidence had been given by any
witness in the arbitration, save with the consent of the other party, or
pursuant to an order or leave of the court. That qualification is necessary,
just as it is in the case of the implied obligation of secrecy between banker
and customer.

It will be appreciated that I do not intend in the foregoing to give a precise
definition of the extent of the obligation. It is unnecessary to do so in the
present case. It must be perfectly apparent that, for example, the fact that a
document is used in an arbitration does not confer on it any confidentiality
or privilege which can be availed of in subsequent proceedings. If it is a
relevant document, its relevance remains. But that the obligation exists in
some form appears to me to be abundantly apparent. It is not a question of
immunity or public interest. it is a question of an implied obligation arising
out of the nature of arbitration itself.

11 This implied obligation, because it is implied, should reflect the needs
and expectations of the parties.

12 In _Hassneh Insurance Co of Israel v Mew_ [1993] 2 Ll LR 243 Colman J held
that it was not a breach of the duty of confidence for an arbitrating party to
make disclosure of an arbitration award including its reasons if it is
reasonably necessary for the party to do so to establish or protect its legal
rights against a third party, but the judge drew the line against the
disclosure of the "raw materials" for the determination such the notes of
evidence, witness statements, outline submissions and pleadings.

13 In regard to the award and the reasons, Colman J held at pp 247-8

… First, an award is an identification of the parties’ respective rights and
obligations and secondly it is at least potentially a public document for the
purposes of supervision by the Courts or enforcement in them.

It follows, in my judgment, that any definition of the scope of the duty of
confidence which attaches to an arbitration award – and I include the reasons
– which omitted to take account of such significant characteristics would be
defective. Since the duty of confidence must be based on an implied term of
the agreement to arbitrate, that term must have regard to the purposes for
which awards may be expected to be used in the ordinary course of commerce and
in the ordinary application of English arbitration law.

… (T)he arbitrating party may require for the purposes of establishing his
legal rights against the third party to produce the award against him to that
third party. The suggestion by an officious bystander of a duty of
confidentiality which precluded the use of arbitration awards for the
establishment by arbitrating parties of their rights against third parties,
unless the leave of a Court were first obtained, would be unlikely to be
enthusiastically received by the commercial community.

14 The Court of Appeal in _Ali Shipping Corporation v Shipyard Trogir_ [1999]
1 WLR 314 adopted a broader stance. Potter LJ in delivering the judgment of
the Court, referred to _Hassneh_ and stated at p 326 "I consider that the
implied term ought properly to be regarded as attaching as a matter of law."
and observed that

Although to date this exception has been held applicable only to disclosure of
an award, it is clear, and indeed the parties do not dispute, that the
principle covers also pleadings, written submissions, and the proofs of
witnesses as well as transcripts and notes of the evidence given in the
arbitration.

15 He went on to state at pp 326-7 that disclosure is permissible with the

(i) consent of the parties, express or implied

(ii) order of court

(iii) leave of court, or

(iv) when it is reasonably necessary for the protection of the legitimate
interest of an arbitrating party.

16 The Australian High Court does not find that a duty of confidence is
implied and imposed on the parties. In _Esso Australia Resources Ltd v
Plowman_ [1995] 128 ALR 391 @ 401 Mason CJ declined to follow _Dolling-Baker_
and _Hassneh_ , because

I do not consider that, in Australia, having regard to the various matters to
which I have referred, we are justified in concluding that confidentiality is
an essential attribute of a private arbitration imposing an obligation on each
party not to disclose the proceedings or documents and information provided in
and for the purposes of the arbitration.

17 The first issue that is to be resolved is whether there is an implied duty
of confidentiality. I prefer the English position over the Australian. Parties
who opt for arbitration rather than litigation are likely to be aware of and
be influenced by the fact that the former are private hearings while the
latter are open hearings. Rather than to say that there is nothing inherently
confidential in the arbitration process, it is more in keeping with the
parties’ expectations to take the position that the proceedings are
confidential, and that disclosures can be made in the accepted circumstances.

18 The next question is whether a party which contends that the disclosure of
the arbitration proceedings is necessary has to obtain the leave of court
before making the disclosure.

19 I do not think it is. The reasonable necessity exception is grounded on the
implied agreement that when it is reasonably necessary to disclose the duty of
confidentiality is lifted. If the duty does not apply leave of court is not
required for disclosure.

20 Of course it is not for that party alone to decide whether the disclosure
is reasonably necessary. If another party disputes the necessity, it can apply
to expunge the disclosure and the court will then determine if it is
reasonably necessary, and make an order to expunge if it is not.

21 The assistant registrar held that prior leave was necessary. She also found
that the defendants had not offered any reasons for her to grant retrospective
leave. As I have stated I do not think that leave, prior or retrospective, is
necessary, but any disclosure may be expunged if it is found not to be
reasonably necessary.

22 The defendants assert that disclosure is necessary to establish that the
Singapore action is vexatious, oppressive and an abuse of the process of
court. They alleged that the same allegations of wrongdoing have been made
against the first defendant in two pending actions before the courts of
Myanmar where she is the defendant, as well as the arbitration proceedings.
They have applied to stay the action pending the completion of the arbitration
proceedings on that basis.

23 At that time when that application was filed, the disclosure of the
arbitration pleadings and documents was justified because the disclosure was
necessary to support the contention that the action is vexatious and an abuse
of court. Indeed it would be difficult for the issue to be determined without
the disclosure. The assistant registrar should have ruled that the disclosure
was reasonably necessary.

24 However between the time of her decision and the appeal coming on before me
the position changed. The arbitration tribunal has held that it had no
jurisdiction to hear the matter. By that decision, the arbitration proceedings
were brought to an end. Any assertion of oppression or duplicity in the
actions must be confined to the two court actions in Myanmar. If the
arbitration proceedings were part of the oppression they have ceased to be
that, and the disclosure is no longer necessary.

25 In the circumstances, I affirm the assistant registrar’s order although I
think that she should not have made it when she heard the application. For
that reason, I order that the costs awarded by her to the plaintiff be set
aside. For the appeal, as the defendants have succeeded on the legal issues
but failed on the facts, I order that each party bears it own costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jun 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

