Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Hardave Singh s/o Gurcharan Singh  
[2003] SGHC 237

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 11/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Christopher Ong Siu Jin (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the petitioner; Vasantha Kumar (Vas Kumar and Co) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Hardave Singh s/o Gurcharan Singh   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Governing
principles – Requirement of some form of serious injustice caused – Conviction
and sentence based upon the wrong charge – Whether there was serious injustice
as a result – s 268 Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Power to alter
the finding of trial judge – Power to amend material errors in charge to
reflect the offence – Power to convict on amended charge and pronounce fresh
sentence – Whether such powers to be exercised – ss 162, 256, 268 & 396
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68)  
  

1 The respondent pleaded guilty in the subordinate courts to a total of three
offences, which comprised two counts of trafficking in controlled drugs
pursuant to s 5 of the Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185) (‘MDA’) and one count of
consumption of a controlled drug pursuant to s 8 of the MDA. He was convicted
and sentenced by District Judge Emily Wilfred (‘the district judge’) to a
total of 15 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane. The respondent
appealed against his sentence but this was superseded by an application for
criminal revision (CR 11/2003) filed by the district judge pursuant to s 268
of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) (‘CPC’). The application for criminal
revision related to the conviction of the respondent upon a wrong charge. I
granted the application for criminal revision and set aside the conviction and
sentence on the wrong charge. I amended the charge accordingly, then convicted
and sentenced the respondent on the charge as amended. I now give my reasons.

**Background**

2 The first charge dated 27 February 2003 (‘the unamended first charge’) upon
which the respondent was convicted and sentenced was the subject matter of the
application for criminal revision brought by the district judge. The charge
concerned s 5 of the MDA. It charged that the respondent:

…did jointly traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class ‘A’ of the First
Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Cap 185, to wit, by having in your
possession for the purpose of trafficking, four (04) blocks of vegetable
matters weighing approximately _300 grams_ , believed to contain cannabis,
without authorization under the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder, …
thereby committed an offence under Section 5(1)(a) read with Section 5(2) of
the Misuse of Drugs Act, Cap 185 and Section 34 of the Penal Code, Cap 224 and
punishable under Section 33 of the aforsaid Act. [Emphasis added]

The district judge convicted the respondent on the unamended first charge and
sentenced him to 14 years’ imprisonment and 10 strokes of the cane. She also
convicted him on a second charge for the possession and consumption of
controlled drugs pursuant to s 8 of the MDA and a third charge for trafficking
in controlled drugs pursuant to s 5 of the MDA. The sentences imposed for the
second and third charges were one year’s imprisonment and five years’
imprisonment with five strokes of the cane respectively. Four other charges
for offences under the MDA were taken into consideration with the consent of
the respondent by the district judge for the purposes of sentencing. The
district judge ordered the terms of imprisonment in respect of the first and
second charges to run consecutively, and the term of imprisonment in respect
of the third charge to run concurrently for a total of 15 years’ imprisonment
and 15 strokes of the cane.

3 The respondent had earlier tendered to this Court an amended first charge
dated 2 May 2003 (‘the amended first charge’) in support of the now superseded
appeal against sentence, which charged that the respondent:

…did jointly traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class ‘A’ of the First
Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Cap 185, to wit, by having in your
possession for the purpose of trafficking, two (02) blocks containing _50.29
grams_ of vegetable matter which was analysed and found to be cannabis,
without authorization under the said Act or the Regulations made thereunder,
…thereby committed an offence under Section 5(1)(a) read with Section 5(2) of
the Misuse of Drugs Act, Cap 185 and Section 34 of the Penal Code, Cap 224 and
punishable under Section 33 of the aforsaid Act. [Emphasis added]

This amended first charge dated 2 May 2003 was the charge given to the
interpreter to be read to the respondent by the Deputy Public Prosecutor (‘the
DPP’) on the first day of the hearing below on 23 June 2003. The respondent
proceeded to plead guilty to the amended first charge as it was read to him.

4 The DPP, however, did not tender the amended first charge to the district
judge. The amended first charge was at no time in the court file before the
district judge. As a result, the district judge wrongly understood the
respondent to have pleaded guilty to the unamended first charge and convicted
and sentenced him on it accordingly. The conviction of the respondent
therefore related to a wrong charge.

5 The first simple but material difference between the unamended first charge
and the amended first charge related to the quantity of controlled drugs
reflected in the charge to be in the possession of the respondent for the
purpose of trafficking. The other difference related to the quality of the
controlled drugs said to be in the possession of the respondent for the
purpose of trafficking. The first charge was for the possession for the
purpose of trafficking of ‘four (04) blocks of vegetable matters weighing
_approximately_ _300_ grams, _believed to contain cannabis_ ’, whereas the
amended first charge was for the possession for the purpose of trafficking of
‘two (02) blocks containing _50.29_ grams of vegetable matter _which was
analysed and found to be cannabis_ ’ [Emphases added]. The unamended first
charge was obviously very vaguely worded.

6 It was undisputed before me that at the time of the respondent’s guilty plea
on 23 June 2003, it was the understanding of both the prosecution and the
respondent that the respondent’s guilty plea was to the amended first charge
that referred to 50.29 grams of cannabis. It was also clear to me that the
charge which the prosecution proceeded with against the respondent was the
amended first charge, since it was the charge given to the interpreter by the
DPP to be read out to the respondent on the first day of the trial.

7 Importantly, the evidence did not support the unamended first charge. The
amalgamated statement of facts and the Health Sciences Authority’s reports
(‘HSA reports’) of the substances found in the possession of the respondent
made reference to a quantity of 50.29 grams of cannabis in support the first
charge proceeded against the respondent. There was no reference anywhere to
four blocks of vegetable matters weighing 300 grams believed to be cannabis.

8 Counsel for the respondent subsequently discovered that the district judge
had convicted the respondent on the unamended first charge and wrote in for
clarification. The district judge duly called for a meeting with counsel in
chambers. It was ascertained in chambers on 28 August 2003 that the unamended
first charge was in fact a ‘holding charge’ preferred against the respondent
upon his arrest pending the completion of investigations. Such charges are
invariably amended upon the completion of investigations to reflect accurately
the evidence that supports the charge to be actually proceeded with against
the accused. This was in fact done in the present case on 2 May 2003.
Unfortunately, the amended first charge did not find its way into the trial
court file as the DPP did not tender it to the district judge on the first day
of trial.

9 Following this meeting, the district judge made an application for criminal
revision pursuant to s 268 of the CPC on 2 September 2003 to this Court. This
application was supported by the Public Prosecutor, the petitioner here.

**Criminal Revision**

10 Following from the above, it was patently clear to me that the district
judge convicted and sentenced the respondent on the wrong charge. The
respondent should not have been convicted and sentenced on the unamended first
charge for the following reasons:

(i) The conviction and sentence below were founded upon a wrong charge. The
respondent had pleaded guilty to the amended first charge as read to him by
the interpreter on 23 June 2003 at the hearing below, and _not to the charge
he was subsequently convicted and sentenced upon_.

(ii) The prosecution had proceeded with the amended first charge against the
respondent, and not the unamended first charge.

(iii) The prosecution had understood the respondent’s plea of guilt to relate
to the amended first charge as read out to the respondent on 23 June 2003.

(iv) The amalgamated statement of facts and the HSA reports did not support
the quantity and quality of controlled drugs disclosed on the unamended first
charge.

11 In contemplating whether to exercise the power of criminal revision in the
present case, I took into account s 396 of the CPC. This section provides that
no finding or sentence made by a court of competent jurisdiction shall be
reversed or altered on account of any error or irregularity in the charge
unless the error or irregularity has occasioned a failure of justice. I read
this section together with s 162 of the CPC, which provides that no error in
stating either the offence or the particulars required to be stated in the
charge shall be regarded at any stage of the case as material unless the
accused was in fact misled by that error.

12 Considering these two provisions in relation to the facts, it was clear to
me that the charge upon which the district judge convicted and sentenced the
respondent below had occasioned a failure of justice, for reasons that will
follow, such that the finding and sentence of the district judge should be
reversed. There was also no doubt in my mind that the differences between the
unamended first charge and the amended first charge were material errors as
the respondent was in fact misled into thinking that he was being convicted on
the amended first charge. The discrepancies between the charges were not so
minor such that they could rightly be regarded as immaterial, as was the case
in _PP v Mohamed Noor bin Abdul Majeed_ [2000] 3 SLR 17. Sections 396 and 162
of the CPC therefore presented no difficulty for the exercise of criminal
revision here.

13 I went on to consider the law on the exercise of the revisionary
jurisdiction of the High Court. I have held in _Ang Poh Chuan v PP_ [1996] 1
SLR 326 and _PP v Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 573 that the
revisionary jurisdiction of the High Court exists to right serious injustice.
As I have stated in _Ang Poh Chuan_ , there is no precise definition of what
constitutes serious injustice and a wide discretion is vested in the High
Court, the exercise of which depends largely on the particular facts of the
case. But ‘generally it must be shown that there is something palpably wrong
in the decision that strikes at its basis as an exercise of judicial power by
the court below’. This statement has been endorsed and applied in subsequent
cases and the same principle was reiterated recently in _PP v Henry John
William and another appeal_ [2002] 1 SLR 290.

14 The present situation was clearly a proper case for the exercise of the
revisionary power, as the respondent was convicted and sentenced upon a wrong
charge which resulted in a failure of justice flowing from the material
discrepancies between the unamended first charge and the amended first charge.
This was notwithstanding the fact that the minimum and maximum sentences upon
a conviction for either the amended first charge or the unamended first charge
are the same – being five years’ imprisonment and five strokes of the cane and
20 years’ imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane respectively pursuant to s
33 of the MDA.

15 This was because the primary consideration of the sentencing court in
deciding an appropriate sentence for a drug trafficking offence is the
quantity of drugs in the possession of the offender. The district judge
referred to _Ang Soon Huat_ , CC 34/87, an unreported judgment dated 2
November 1990, where the High Court stated that:

…the gravity of the offence of drug trafficking lay not in the personal
circumstances in which the offender committed the offence, like in many other
offences, _but simply in the amount that was trafficked_ …Therefore it must
follow, that in the ordinary case where there are no exceptional circumstances
affecting the offender’s conduct, the sentence should be proportionate to the
gravity of the offence, which is the quantity of the drugs that is being
trafficked in.

The fact that the unamended first charge related to 300 grams of what was
believed to be cannabis therefore weighed heavily on the mind of the district
judge in sentencing the respondent to 14 years’ imprisonment and 10 strokes of
the cane. Such a sentence was in line with the existing sentencing benchmarks
for such quantities of cannabis.

16 I was therefore not in doubt that had the correct charge bearing one-sixth
of the quantity of cannabis been before the district judge, the sentence
imposed upon the respondent below for that charge would have been
substantially less. It was a manifest failure of justice, as such, to impose a
sentence upon the respondent that he did not deserve based on a plea of guilt
to a charge which he did not actually plead guilty to.

_Powers of criminal revision_

17 The relevant statutory provisions dealing with the revisionary powers of
the High Court are s 23 of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322) and s
268 of the CPC. In particular, s 268 of the CPC reads as follows:

(1) The High Court may in any case, the record of the proceedings of which has
been called for by itself or which otherwise comes to its knowledge, in its
discretion exercise any of the powers conferred by sections 251, 255, 256 and
257.

(2) No order under this section shall be made to the prejudice of the accused
unless he has had an opportunity of being heard either personally or by
advocate in his own defence.

(3) Nothing in this section shall be deemed to authorise the High Court to
convert a finding of acquittal into one of conviction.

18 Having decided that the present case warranted an exercise of the
revisionary jurisdiction, I moved on to correct the injustice which had arisen
by exercising the powers under s 256 of the CPC given to me in the context of
a criminal revision, which provides as follows:

At the hearing of the appeal the court may, if it considers there is no
sufficient ground for interfering, dismiss the appeal or may –

(a) in an appeal from an order of acquittal, reverse the order and direct that
further inquiry shall be made or that the accused shall be retried or
committed for trial, as the case may be, or find him guilty and pass sentence
on him according to law;

(b) in an appeal from a conviction –

(i) …

(ii) alter the finding, maintaining the sentence, or, with or without altering
the finding, reduce or enhance the sentence; or

(iii) …

19 It is a matter of logic, which I am now stating for the avoidance of doubt,
that the exercise of these powers in the context of a criminal revision are
not bound by the circumstances under which they would normally arise in the
context of this Court’s appellate jurisdiction. As such the powers granted to
High Court under s 256(a) of the CPC here need not ‘arise in an appeal from an
order of acquittal’, neither would the powers under s 256(b) only be
exercisable ‘in an appeal from a conviction’.

  
_Altering the finding by amending the charge_

20 Section 256 of the CPC grants the High Court wide powers in the exercise of
its appellate jurisdiction. These powers include the power to amend a charge
and consequently convict an accused person on the amended charge. This is
clear from the cases of _Garmaz s/o Pakhar v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 401, _Loo Weng
Fatt v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 313 and _Er Joo Nguang v PP_ [2000] 2 SLR 645.

21 In its revisionary jurisdiction, the High Court also has the power to
‘alter the finding’ of the lower court by amending the charge and thereafter
to convict an accused person on the amended charge without ordering a re-trial
pursuant to s 256(b)(ii) of the CPC. This was my holding in _PP v Koon Seng
Construction Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 573. The facts there were similar to the
present case. In _Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd_ , the accused person had
pleaded guilty to an offence different from that which both the prosecution
and defence had intended to proceed under due to a clerical error. It was not
disputed that the charge was wrongly presented and that the respondent had
pleaded guilty to that charge by mistake. In that case the wrong charge
disclosed a different offence from the actual offence committed, which
resulted in a heavier sentence given to the accused by the magistrate. The
finding that the respondent in _Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd_ was guilty of
the offence under the wrong charge was therefore patently wrong and could not
be permitted to stand and I set aside the conviction and sentence which flowed
from the mistaken plea of guilt. Likewise, the conviction and sentence imposed
on the respondent in the present case must be set aside as the error in the
charge resulted in a significantly heavier sentence being imposed on him
below. Further, and significantly, the respondent here did not even mistakenly
plead guilty to the wrong charge. He had entered a plea of guilt in relation
to the amended charge that was read out to him on the understanding that that
would be the charge he would be convicted and sentenced upon. It bears
repeating that the conviction and sentence were founded upon a wrong charge,
and therefore could not be allowed to stand.

22 Having set aside the conviction and sentence below on the wrong charge, I
considered that this was a proper case for me to amend the charge as requested
by the petitioner, and thereafter to convict and sentence the respondent on
the amended charge. I held, in _Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd_ , that the
revisionary capacity to ‘alter the finding’ pursuant to s 256(b)(ii) of the
High Court included the power to correct errors in the charge. Indeed, the
High Court should be able to amend the charge to reflect the fact that it has
altered the finding of the lower court, such that the altered finding conforms
with what the correct or appropriate charge should be, having regard to the
evidence adduced. Since correcting the errors in the present charge did not
require the introduction of an entirely different offence, amending the charge
was a relatively straightforward exercise. Accordingly, I amended the charge
in the presence of the respondent to read as it should have at trial,
disclosing an offence of possession for the purposes of trafficking of ‘two
(2) blocks containing 50.29 grams of vegetable matter which was analysed and
found to be cannabis’ pursuant to s 5 of the MDA.

23 In amending the charge, I was mindful of the fact that the power of
amendment to a charge is subject to restrictions in order to protect the
interests of the accused. The case law is clear on this (see _Ng Ee v PP_
[1941] MLJ 180, _Sivalingam v PP_ [1968] 2 MLJ 172 as applied in _Koon Seng
Construction Pte Ltd_). The power of amendment is not unfettered and should be
exercised sparingly, subject to careful observance of the safeguards against
prejudice to the defence. I was satisfied that the proceedings below would
have taken the same course, and the evidence recorded would have been the same
upon confirmation that the respondent would plead guilty to the amended
charge. Although the amended charge was identical to the charge the respondent
had intended to plead guilty to below, seeking such confirmation was important
because a new and different charge is in the place of the unamended first
charge. Upon the confirmation of the plea of guilt to the amended charge, I
was further satisfied that no question of prejudice arose since the sentence
for the charge in question would be dramatically reduced as a consequence of
the amendment.

_Conviction and sentence_

24 Following from this plea of guilt, I convicted and pronounced a fresh
sentence on the respondent upon the amended charge pursuant to s 256(a) of the
CPC. Section 256(a) of the CPC allows the High Court, in the context of its
appellate jurisdiction, to find the accused ‘guilty and pass sentence on him
according to law’ in an appeal from an order of acquittal. These same powers
are exercisable in the context of criminal revision pursuant to s 268 of the
CPC. I now turn to the question of sentence.

25 I sentenced the respondent to six years’ imprisonment and 10 strokes of the
cane on the amended charge, having regard to the sentencing benchmarks for
offences involving similar quantities of cannabis. Such a sentence was a
proportionate response to the offence disclosed by the amended charge. I found
no reason to disturb the district judge’s ruling that the terms of
imprisonment in respect of the first and second charges are to run
consecutively, and the term of imprisonment in respect of the third charge to
run concurrently. The total sentence the respondent would serve in respect of
all three charges proceeded against him would therefore be seven years’
imprisonment and 15 strokes of the cane.

26 In light of the foregoing, I granted the application for criminal revision,
set aside the conviction and sentence below, amended the erroneous charge, and
duly convicted the respondent on the amended charge before pronouncing a fresh
sentence accordingly.

Application allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

