Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## UCO Bank v Golden View Maritime Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 271

Case Number | : | Suit 184/2002/Z, SIC 5263/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Dylan Lee and David Kong (Shook Lin and Bok) for plaintiff; John Seow and Toh Kian Sing (Rajah and Tann) for defendant   
Parties | : |  UCO Bank — Golden View Maritime Pte Ltd   
  
Injunctions – Mareva injunction – Whether injunction should be granted to
prevent dissipation of assets.  
  

1 UCO Bank, the Plaintiffs, had from time to time provided trade finance to
their customer, SOM International Pte Ltd (“SOM”). From time to time, SOM
would ship goods financed by the Plaintiffs on vessels managed by Glory Ship
Management Pte Ltd (“Glory Ship Management”). SOM did not settle their
financing obligations with the Plaintiffs and the latter as holders of various
bills of lading commenced a total of five actions against the respective
owners of the vessels involved in the shipments.

2 In this action, the Plaintiffs as holders of bill of lading no. SSR/ACHA/48C
dated 23 January 2001 and bill of lading no. AU/GE/2 dated 1 March 2001 have
sued Golden View Maritime Pte Ltd (the Defendants) who are the registered
owners of the vessel “ _Asean Unity_ ” for breach of contract and conversion.
Their claim is for the sum of US$330,415.03. The Defendants have been accused
of releasing two shipments of Sarawak round logs to receivers in India without
the production of the two bills of lading (“the original bills”). The
Plaintiffs were the named consignees of the original bills in respect of the
supplies of Sarawak round logs from East Malaysia and shipped on board the “
_Asean Unity_ ” for carriage on a voyage from East Malaysia to Kandla, India.
SOM was named as notify party.

3 The Defendants’ case is that to the knowledge and with the consent of the
Plaintiffs, the Sarawak round logs were delivered at Kandla to receivers
against the presentation of switched bills of lading. The Plaintiffs are
therefore estopped from suing on the original bills. Furthermore, the switched
bills replaced the original bills and it was never the Plaintiffs’ intention
to make use of the original bills as documents of title to take delivery of
the consignments.

4 The action herein was commenced on 21 February 2002. About sixteen months
later, the Plaintiffs on 25 June 2003 sought and obtained a mareva injunction
to, inter alia, restrain the Defendants from dealing with or disposing of the
“ _Asean Unity_ ”. The Defendants applied on 20 August 2003 to set aside the
injunction obtained on 1 July 2003. I discharged the injunction and the
Plaintiffs have now appealed against my decision.

5 The Defendants opposed the injunction on the ground that the Plaintiffs have
not established any risk of dissipation of assets. The second ground is the
delay in applying for the injunction. It was applied for sixteen months after
the writ was issued.

6 On the risk of dissipation of assets, the Plaintiffs were relying on the
sale of the “ _Asean Ranger”_ in July 2002 to infer risk of dissipation
especially when the same people are behind the Golden Star Maritime Pte Ltd
(“Golden Star”) and the Defendants.

7 UCO Bank had separately sued Golden Star as the registered owner of “ _Asean
Ranger_ ” in the High Court on 16 January 2002, the short title of which is
Suit No. 56 of 2002/K. The “ _Asean Ranger_ ” was sold as scrap in July 2002.
UCO Bank concluded that the sale of “ _Asean Ranger_ ” (which was the only
asset of Golden Star within six months of the suit) was intended to avoid any
attachment or enforcement for which a judgment against them in Suit No. 56 of
2002/K may bring. Mr. G. V. Ramanadham, a senior manager of the Plaintiffs,
deposed in an affidavit filed in these proceedings that the Plaintiffs
believed that there is a real risk that the Defendants would likewise
dissipate their assets before the conclusion of these proceedings. They relied
on the Defendants’ relationship with Golden Star and the fact that before she
was scrapped, Glory Ship Management managed both “ _Asean Ranger_ ” and “
_Asean Unity_ ”.

8 It is common ground that the Golden Star and the Defendants are one-ship
companies. The Defendants have four directors. Three of the directors of the
Defendants, Ng Kim Choon, Ng San San and Ng Tie Jin, are also directors of
Golden Star. Ng Kim Choon and Ng Tie Jin are also shareholders of Golden Star.
The fourth director, Ng Tee Ghee is a shareholder of the Defendants but he is
neither a director nor shareholder of Golden Star. Ng San San is not a
shareholder of the Defendants. The four directors of the Defendants are also
directors of Glory Ship Management together with one Chuat Guat Keow. The
shareholders are Ng Kim Choon, Ng Tie Jin and Chuat Guat Keow.

9 In the case of “ _Asean Ranger_ ”, she was sold as scrapped six months after
the action started against Golden Star. Counsel for the Plaintiffs, Mr. Dylan
Lee, argued that because Golden Star is a one-ship company and with the sale
of its only trading asset, the company has ceased business and that in itself
is evidence of risk of dissipation. He relied on the decision of _Guan Chong
Cocoa Manufacturer Sdn Bhd v Pratiwi Shipping SA_ [2003] 1SLR 157 in support
of his contention.

10 In _Guan Chong Cocoa Manufacturer Sdn Bhd v Pratiwi Shipping SA_ , the
Court of Appeal said that the test whether a refusal of a mareva injunction
would involve a real risk that a judgment in favour of the plaintiffs would
remain unsatisfied is an objective one. The evidence must reasonably have a
bearing on the risk factor and Chao JA said that a good piece of evidence
would be where the defendant, for no sufficient reason, starts to put his
property up for sale or where a company just ceases business.

11 In this case, it is not possible to infer from the sale of the “ _Asean
Ranger_ ” evidence of a propensity to dispose of or dissipate assets before
judgment where Golden Star and the Defendants are related companies in the
sense that they have some common directors and shareholders. Ng Tie Jin
explained in his affidavit filed in Suit No. 56 of 2002 that the “ _Asean
Ranger_ ” was sold as she was at the end of her trading life. She was a
25-year old vessel and given her condition it was neither economical nor
commercially viable to continue to trade her. To continue to do so would mean
expensive repairs in order to pass surveys required by the vessel’s
classification society to keep her in class to retain her trading
certificates. The “ _Asean Ranger_ ” was due for dry docking survey (due every
thirty months) on 13 June 2002. Her owners continued to operate her until the
last possible moment before the dry docking survey. Come that point in time
she was sold as scrap on 9 July 2002. The sale of the “ _Asean Ranger_ ” was
legitimate and in the ordinary course of Golden Star’s business as shipowner.
Mr. Ng said that “it had become commercially untenable to maintain the vessel
any longer.” He further explained that it is not unusual to scrap a vessel
that is 25 years old under those circumstances. His explanation was perfectly
plausible and a common occurrence in the shipping circle.

12 Mr. Ng in his affidavit filed in this action pointed out that the “ _Asean
Unity_ ” is still trading and the company is still very much in business. Her
trading certificates have been extended to 2005. In the case of “ _Asean
Unity_ ”, there is evidence of intention to continue to operate the vessel.
Her Safety Management Certificate was renewed as recent as 28 May 2003 and is
valid until 4 May 2008. Her Class Certificate was issued on 11 April 2002
after the date of the Writ and this Class Certificate (based on an annual
survey on 19 November 2002) is good until 19 November 2006. This vessel having
undergone Special Survey on 9 January 2002 obtained a renewal of the
International Load Line Certificate and her other certificates on 11 April
2002. They are valid until 19 November 2006. Even though both vessels are of
the same vintage, the condition of “ _Asean Unity_ ” is by and large better in
terms of her hull and machinery than the “ _Asean Ranger_ ”.

13 The Defendants’ audited accounts for the financial year ending 30 June 2002
showed net current assets to be $929,114 and the book value of the vessel as
$1.88 million. The vessel is not mortgaged and there is no registered charge
against the assets of the company. The claim amount is relatively small by
comparison and the company has adequate resources to pay a claim of this size.
Mr. Ng stated in his affidavit that the “ _Asean Unity_ ” is a profitable
vessel. In the circumstances, there is no risk that a judgment in favour of
the Plaintiffs would be unsatisfied. It is contrary to business sense for the
Defendants to deliberately run down their profitable operations just to avoid
a relatively small claim of US$330,415.03.

14 In _Guan Chong Cocoa Manufacturer Sdn Bhd v Pratiwi Shipping SA_ , the
owner was a Panamanian company and the corporate law there is so lax that
nothing is known about the company. There is hardly any available public
information about the officers and shareholders of the corporation. The use of
bearer shares provide those who wish to operate under a cloak of secrecy an
advantage and convenience but they may suffer the disadvantage of having a
mareva injunction granted against them as the corporate structure itself
invites comment. See Lord Denning in _Third Chandris Corpn v Unimarine S.A._
[1979] QB 645 at 669 where he described such companies to be as the elusive as
the Cheshire Cat. Here we are dealing with the Defendant, a company
incorporated in Singapore and whose vessel is registered in Singapore. Only
those companies which are properly capitalised as required under the Merchant
Shipping (Registration of Ships) Regulations would be allowed to register
their vessels in Singapore. The regulations also prescribe that an application
for registration of a vessel in Singapore would have to provide particulars of
those in control of the company. The regulations also require the particulars
to be updated. Mr. Lee’s suggestion that as the Defendants are an exempt
private company only annual returns would be filed is an added reason to grant
an injunction. This is a non-starter. In any case, the Defendants have already
disclosed their audited accounts to the Plaintiffs.

15 It is common ground that the Golden Orient Maritime Ltd the registered
owner of “ _Asean Success_ ” and Golden Shore Maritime Pte Ltd the registered
owners of “ _Asean Pioneer_ ” have counter sued in India the cargo receivers
and SOM. This counter suit is significant for the reason that it is cogent
evidence in favour of the directors of the Defendants. If the directors and
shareholders of a company had ceased business and sold the only trading asset
of the company in order to make the company judgment proof, it is illogical
for them to even bother to sue in India, the Indian receivers and SOM. It is
skewed to interpret the sale and cessation of business as risk of dissipation
of assets when the overall evidence is to the contrary.

16 _Pek Seng Co Pte Ltd v Low Tin Kee & Ors_ [1989] SLR 890 is
distinguishable. In that case, there was evidence of fraud and the court there
was prepared in those circumstances to grant an injunction over the assets of
subsidiaries in respect of a claim against the holding company. Even in the
absence of fraud, in the exercise of discretion in relation to injunctive
relief, the “eye of equity” would look beyond the corporate structure where
the circumstances so require, (see _The Coral Rose_ [1991]1 Lloyd’s Rep. 563
at 568). This is not a case of a holding company that owned and controlled the
five vessels through single ship-owning companies. Where single ship-owning
companies whose directors and shareholders are by and large common, the “eye
of equity” could also in a proper case probe further to see who are the
persons who control the companies.

17 The injunction was sought some 16 months after the action started and more
than a year after the “ _Asean Ranger_ ” was scrapped. The Plaintiffs’
response is that they only found out about the sale not too long ago. If that
were so, the delay could not be held against them. Generally, delay in taking
out such an application is a factor the court could take into consideration in
exercising its discretion. A failure to act promptly in the absence of
satisfactory is a ground for refusing a grant of or setting aside of an
injunction. See _Best Electronics Sdn Bhd v Chen Li Yeng_ [1997] 167 MLJU 1;
_Dynasty Rangers (M) Sdn Bhd v SBSK Plantations Sdn Bhd_ [2001] 439 MLJU 1.

18 For these reasons, I allowed the Defendants’ application with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

