Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Woo Anthony v Singapore Airlines Ltd (Civil Aeronautics Administration,
Third Party)  
[2003] SGHC 190

Case Number | : | Suit 1277/2002, RA 236/2003, Suit 1061/2002, 1278/2002, 1279/2002, 1280/2002, 1281/2002, 1282/2002, 1283/2002, 1291/2002, 1292/2002, 1295/2002, 1296/2002, 1297/2002, 1299/2002, 1300/2002, 1301/2002, 1302/2002, 1303/2002, 1304/2002, 1307/2002, 1308/2002, 1  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 August 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Loo Choon Chiaw, Lim Tong Chuan and Goh Hui Nee (Loo & Partners) for the appellant/third party; Lok Vi Ming, Ng Hwee Chong and Delphine Ho (Rodyk & Davidson) for the respondent/defendant; Lee Wei Yung (Wee Ramayah & Partners) for the plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  Woo Anthony — Singapore Airlines Ltd — Civil Aeronautics Administration   
  
International Law – Sovereign immunity – Third party proceedings against civil
aviation authority of Taiwan – Aviation authority claiming immunity under
State Immunity Act without certificate of recognition from Singapore Ministry
of Foreign Affairs – Whether court may grant immunity on ground that Taiwan is
recognised de facto – State Immunity Act (Cap 313, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

1 The defendant operates the airline known as Singapore International Airlines
or, more commonly, ‘SIA’. They are being sued by a number of plaintiffs in
respect of an accident in Taipei, Republic of China involving an aeroplane of
the SIA. The defendant joined the Civil Aeronautics Administration of Taiwan
(‘CAA’) as a Third Party to the actions. The CAA applied to set aside the
third party proceedings on the ground that it, being a department under the
Taiwan government is entitled to immunity from suit under s 3(1) read with s
16(1)(c) of the State Immunity Act, Ch 313. The application was heard by the
learned assistant registrar who dismissed the third party’s application. The
latter appealed before me on the narrow issue, here and below, that the CAA is
immune from suit because it is part of the machinery of state, that is, the
Republic of China, known as Taiwan.

2 It is not disputed that the third party is a department of the Ministry of
Transportation and Communications of the government of the Republic of China.
Under the Civil Aviation Law and the Statute for Organisation of the Civil
Aeronautics Administration, Ministry of Transportation and Communications, the
third party is charged with the administration of civil aviation in the
Republic of China. The application herein was for a declaration ‘that the
third party be immune from the jurisdiction of the Courts of Singapore by
virtue of s 3(1) read with s 16(1)(c) of the State Immunity Act, Ch 313’.
Section 3(1) reads as follows:

‘A state is immune from the jurisdiction of the Court of Singapore except as
provided in the following provisions of this part.’

Section 16(1) provides as follows:

‘The immunities and privileges conferred by Part II apply to any foreign or
Commonwealth State other than Singapore; and references to a state include
references to

(a) the sovereign or other head of that state in his public capacity;

(b) the government of that state; and

(c) any department of that government,

but not to any entity (referred to in this section as a separate entity) which
is distinct from the executive organs of the government of the state and
capable of suing or being sued.’

It is also necessary to consider s 18 of the Act, which provision reads:

‘A certificate by or on behalf of the Minister for Foreign Affairs shall be
conclusive evidence on any question –

(a) whether any country is a state for the purposes of Part II, whether any
territory is a constituent territory of a Federal State for those purposes or
as to the person or persons to be regarded for those purposes as the head or
government of a state.’

3 On 20 June 2003, the defendant wrote to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and
sought a certificate under s 18. The letter is important and I shall set out
the relevant portions verbatim:

‘We are representing Singapore Airlines in Third Party actions against the
Taiwan Civil Aeronautics Administration (CAA) arising from the SQ006 air crash
in Taipei, Taiwan, on 30 October 2000. The CAA made an interlocutory
application to set aside the action on the basis that, as a department of the
Ministry of transport and Communication of the Republic of China, it is immune
from the jurisdiction of Singapore courts pursuant to section 3 of the State
Immunity Act (Chapter 313)(“the Act”).

Under section 18 of the Act, a certificate by or on behalf of the Minister for
Foreign Affairs is necessary to conclusively indicate whether any country is a
“state” for the purposes of Part II of the Act. Enclosed herewith are extracts
of Part II and section 18 of the said Act for your easy reference.

In a similar application by CAA before the Canadian court, the Department of
Foreign Affairs and International Trade of Canada has informed our Canadian
counterparts that a certificate cannot be issued to establish that Taiwan is a
foreign state for the purpose of the Canadian State Immunity Act. A copy of
the Canadian State Immunity Act and the response from the Canadian Department
of Foreign Affairs and International Trade are also annexed for your
reference.

**_We would be required to appraise the Court at the hearing of the
application whether your Ministry is prepared to issue a certificate
confirming Taiwan (the Republic of China) is indeed a state for the purposes
of the State Immunity Act_**.’ (my emphasis)

The Ministry replied by letter dated 24 June 2003. The substantive passage in
this reply reads:

‘I wish to inform you that we are unable to issue the certificate pursuant to
s 18 of the State Immunity Act.’

The reply was signed on behalf of the Permanent Secretary of the Ministry. The
third party had, similarly, applied for a s 18 certificate and was also given
the same reply.

4 Mr Loo, counsel for the third party submitted that the Republic of China is
a state under s 3 and must be so recognised. He submitted further that even if
there is no official recognition of that state by the government of Singapore,
I ought to follow the principles of international law and draw a distinction
between ‘ _de jure_ and _de facto_ recognition’. Counsel argued that based on
the history of dealings between the government of the Republic of China and
Singapore, the Republic of China had been given a _de facto_ recognition by
the government of Singapore. Accordingly, this court ought to adopt the _de
facto_ position accorded to the Republic of China. Counsel submitted that if
the government of Singapore had not made its position clear, then the court is
entitled to enquire and determine whether there is a _de facto_ recognition of
the Republic of China. Mr Lok, counsel for the defendant submitted that the
inability of the parties to obtain a s 18 certificate means simply that the
Republic of China is not recognised as a state by the government of Singapore
for the purposes of the State Immunity Act. As a subsidiary argument, Mr Lok
submitted that in the event that the government’s position is found to be
ambiguous, then this court should refer the question back to the Ministry
rather than decide on its own whether there is a _de facto_ recognition of the
Republic of China.

5 In support of his submission that this court ought to take into account the
instances or circumstances relevant to the determination as to whether there
is a _de facto_ recognition of the Republic of China, Mr Loo set out a long
history of the chronology of the landmark events in the relationship between
the government of Singapore and the government of the Republic of China,
including the signing of the double-taxation treaty to support his argument
that there is a _de facto_ recognition of the Republic of China. Mr Loo’s
argument on the latter point was that a double-taxation treaty may only be
signed by the government with another that is recognised _de facto_ if not _de
jure_.

6 Mr Loo cited various authorities for his propositions that a state or
government would enjoy _locus standi_ in the courts of the United Kingdom
whether it is recognised _de jure_ or _de facto_ (see International Law, 3rd
Ed. Rebecca Wallace). _The Government of the Republic of Spain v S.S.
Arantzazu Mendi._ [1939] AC 256 and _Bank of Ethiopia v National Bank of Egypt
and Liquori_ [1937] 3 AER 8, are examples of cases in which the courts in the
United Kingdom have recognised a _de facto_ state. It is true that in some
cases, such as that in the _Arantzazu Mendi_ the government may recognises the
_de jure_ as well as the insurgent _de facto_ states. The recognition of
statehood is a matter that requires a common stand to be taken by all the
organs of the recognising state. A view expressed in similar vein may be
gleaned from the judgment of Roche J. in _Aksionairnoye Obschestvo Dlia
Mechaniches-Koyi Obrabotky Diereva (1) A. M. Luther (Company for Mechanical
Woodworking A.M. Luther) v James Sagor and Company_ [1921] 1 KB 456. The
legislature in the State Immunity Act conferred upon the executive, the power
to make a conclusive determination whether a state or government is recognised
for the purposes of the Act. In such circumstances, unless a clear discretion
(emanating from a duty) is given to the courts, the question of the
recognition of statehood will be determined by the certification under s 18 of
the Act. The notion that a _de facto_ recognition has equal importance as a
_de jure_ recognition may be an exaggerated idea. Lord Reid’s observation in
_Carl Zeiss Stiftung v Rayner and Keeler_ , _Ltd and others (No. 2)_ [1966] 2
AER 536 case must not be overlooked. Indeed, I feel that it ought to be marked
and hoisted as an early reminder. He there said: ‘ _De facto_ recognition is
appropriate – and in my view is only appropriate – where the new government
have usurped power against the will of the _de jure_ sovereign.’ _ibid_ page
547.

7 The Act makes no distinction between a _de jure_ or a _de facto_ state and
must, therefore, be read as inclusive of both. The notion of a _de jure_ state
opposed by a _de facto_ state is not new and has been recognised in
international law long before the Act came into force. The Minister may
recognise both the _de jure_ or _de facto_ states as the U.K. government did
in _Carl Zeiss Stiftung_ ’s case or it may recognise one but not the other. In
the present case, the application for a certificate under s 18 was made in
very explicit terms, leaving the reader no doubt as to what was sought and
why. The reply to that application, couched in polite and diplomatic terms was
nonetheless, equally clear. It said ‘no’ in effect. There is no ambiguity in
the answer from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs that the Republic of China is
not a state, whether _de facto_ or _de jure_ , for the purposes of the Act. No
reasons were given and none is required under the Act. There being no
ambiguity in my view, there is, therefore, no need to proceed further, either
to make a determination on the court’s own accord, or to refer the matter back
to the Ministry. I would, however, express my view, obiter-wise, that in the
event of an ambiguous reply from the Ministry, the preferred route is to refer
to the maker of the statement for clarification. I say this because there
maybe many instances, the present included, where a judicial inquiry will have
to take into account large bodies of disputed evidence, thereby rendering this
a more cumbersome, lengthier, more costly, and yet not necessarily more
reliable avenue for clarifying ambiguity in a ministerial statement. This was
also the option elected by the defendants in the _Carl Zeiss Stiftung_ case
which was approved expressly by the Court of Appeal there, and implicitly, by
the House of Lords subsequently.

8 Mr Loo advanced two ancillary arguments which I can deal with as briefly as
they were advanced. First, he argued that if Taiwan is not a state because, in
Mr Lok’s submission, the Singapore government recognises it as part of the
Peoples Republic of China (Mainland China), then it must have immunity under
the Act since the Republic of China has immunity and it is a recognised state,
_de jure_ and _de facto_. If the third party, claiming to be a department of
the government of the Republic of China advances this as a serious argument
then it will obviously be a strong argument, but unless it does so, I am not
bound to consider this argument seriously. Mr Loo prefaced this submission
with a strong caveat that that was not Taiwan’s stand.

9 Mr Loo’s third and last argument was based on the proposition that if the
Republic of China is not a foreign state recognised by the Singapore
government then it will not have requisite _locus standi_ in the courts to sue
or be sued. It was an argument taken from the U.K. Supreme Court Practice,
1997 (Whitebook) at paragraph 4676:

‘Foreign Sovereigns and States recognised by H.M. Government are admitted to
sue here. An unrecognised foreign state and any of its subordinate bodies
cannot sue or be sued in the English courts.’

Lord Reid in the _Carl Zeiss Stiftung_ ’s case expressed a powerful opinion in
respect of the consequences that would flow if the German Democratic Republic
(then East Germany) was not recognised. The Law Lord said:

‘[W]e must not only disregard all new laws and decrees made by the German
Democratic Republic or its government, but we must also disregard all
executive and judicial acts done by persons appointed by that government
because we must regard their appointments as invalid. The result of that would
be far reaching. Trade with the Eastern zone of Germany is not discouraged;
but the incorporation of every company in East Germany under any new law made
by the German Democratic Republic or by the official act of any official
appointed by its government would have to be regarded as a nullity so that any
such company could neither sue nor be sued in this country. Any civil marriage
under any such new law or owing its validity to the act of any such official
would also have to be treated as a nullity so that we should have to regard
the children as illegitimate; and the same would apply to divorces and all
manner of judicial decisions whether in family or commercial questions. That
would affect not only status of persons formerly domiciled in East Germany but
also property in this country the devolution of which depended on East German
law.’ _Ibid_ , page 548.

The _Carl Zeiss Stiftung_ ’s case was commenced by the plaintiffs, a
charitable foundation incorporated in 1986 in Jena, a district in the Grand
Duchy of Saxe-Weimar. This district subsequently came under the jurisdiction
of the German Democratic Republic (known as ‘East Germany’). Since 1945 when
Germany was partitioned, East Germany was administered by the Union of Soviet
Socialist Republic (USSR). In 1949 the USSR set up the German Democratic
Republic to administer East Germany, purportedly as a sovereign state. The
USSR, in fact, retained overall control. When the East German plaintiffs sued
various parties for infringing its intellectual property rights, one of the
defences of the defendants was that the courts in the plaintiffs should not be
recognised as having legal authority to commence the action. Their argument
was based on a certificate issued by the UK government. As early as 1945 the
UK government recognised the USSR as the _de jure_ entitled to exercise
governing authority in East Germany. Then in 1964, it granted a certificate
stating that Her Majesty’s government has not recognised either _de jure_ or
_de facto_ any other authority, that is, in the context any other authority
than the government of the USSR. The Court of Appeal accepted this argument
and allowed the appeal by the defendants (whose application was rejected by
Cross J at first instance) on the basis that the East German government
received no recognition by the U.K. government. The House of Lords allowed the
plaintiffs’ appeal on the grounds, _inter alia_ , that there was nonetheless a
governing authority and that governing authority of East Germany was still the
USSR, as so certified by the government in its certificate of 1964. Thus, Lord
Reid, in the passage quoted above, was anticipating adverse and disastrous
consequences should the plaintiffs and other corporate entities be not
recognised as legally incorporated because the government under which they
belong is itself not recognised. In the present case, there is, in my view, no
danger of deracinating Taiwanese companies trading here. Nonetheless, the
fears expressed by the Law Lords in _Carl Zeiss Stiftung_ , particularly Lord
Reid and Lord Upjohn who said that it would be ‘a most deplorable result in
respect of any highly civilised community, with which we have substantial
trading relationships I believe, which should be avoided unless our law
compels that conclusion’ (_ibid_ page 569), need to be addressed. In short, if
the CAA is a department of a government that is not given _de jure_ or _de
facto_ recognition by this state, then what is it? It is an entity that is
real but is not a state recognisable for the purposes of the State Immunity
Act. That leads to the next question. Are we creating a third category of
states apart from _de jure_ and _de facto_? In my view, there is only one kind
of state. It must be real and satisfies all the criteria for statehood. That
is, it must have territory, a population, and a government capable of
maintaining effective control. There is, however, more than one aspect of
recognising such a state. The state may be recognised as _de jure_ or _de
facto_ , or in the courts of a foreign state, merely as an existing entity
proclaiming to be a state. In this situation, no immunity is accorded and the
‘state’ so recognised, may be sued in the courts of the foreign state. It
follows, conversely, that it can also sue in those courts. And lastly, such a
‘state’ may not receive any recognition at all; that is, to be regarded as a
non-entity. The consequences feared by the British courts can also be overcome
or mitigated in many ways, some of which have been applied by the American
courts in cases such as _U.S. v Home Assurance Co_ (1874), 89 U.S. 99 and
_Sokoloff v National City Bank of New York_ (1924) 239 N.Y. 158.

10 Mr Loo relied on the American case of _Wulfsohn v Russian Socialist
Federated Soviet Republic_ 234 N.Y. 372, 138 N.E. 24 in which Andrews J
expressed the view that the Russian Federated Soviet Republic was the existing
_de facto_ government, as admitted by the parties, ‘[o]therwise there is no
proper party defendant before the court’. Hence, he concluded that if the
government of the Republic of China is not recognised, then, in the words of
the court in another American case, the government of the Republic of China
was not an existing government and cannot be sued because ‘there was no party
before the court’. See _Russian Socialist Federated Soviet Republic v
Cibrario_ 235 N.Y. 255, 139 N.E. 259. The paradoxical nature of the above
proposition that an unrecognised government enjoys immunity in the courts of
foreign states seems to find its root in _Wulfsohn_ ’s case and given implicit
endorsement in academic texts such as Professor von Glahn’s ‘Law of Nations’,
sixth ed. Page 87, 108 which explained that the proposition was based on the
logic that ‘you cannot sue something whose existence you deny’. This is a
paradoxical puzzle not unlike Russell’s Paradox (the set of all sets that do
not contain themselves as members), a simpler version of which is expressed in
this way: ‘The barber cuts the hair of everyone in the village who does not
cut his own hair.’ Does the barber cut his own hair? Philosophical and
mathematical paradoxes are contradictions with no solutions. The present
matter before me need not, and in my view, should not be expressed in a
paradoxical form merely to avoid a solution or result that is not attractive.
First, the definition of a _de facto_ state is necessary solely for the
purposes of giving effect to the State Immunity Act. The incongruous situation
of having an entity that looks like a state, behaves like a state, is treated
like a state, and yet not be recognised by a court of law as a state, is in my
opinion, the lesser contradiction. It is a greater contradiction to have an
entity given immunity when its existence is recognised _de jure_ or _de facto_
, and also when it is not recognised at all.

11 Secondly, if _Wulfsohn_ represents judicial thinking since the 1920’s, the
policy may require a re-examination. It is to be noted that this principle of
according immunity to a state that is not recognised as such, rose from
judicial policy and found widespread acceptance as such. I hold the view that
any entity that purports to be a state or a government of a state that is not
recognised _de jure_ or _de facto_ does not enjoy immunity from suit. I will,
for my part, decline to fashion an alternative name for such so-called
‘governments’ or ‘states’ and will refer to them as I did above, as entities.
Such entities can be as spurious as a group of insurgents who had installed
itself as the government in some small territory; or it can be one which is
established and stable, and with which governments elsewhere deal with on
friendly terms, such as the Republic of China. Whether such entities are given
_de jure_ or _de facto_ recognition is best left to the executive, as the
legislature in enacting the State Immunity Act has seen fit. Otherwise, it
will not be possible - if I may use the words of Lord Atkin in the _Arantzazu
Mendi_ case - for the executive and the judiciary to speak with one voice on
such matters. The proper recognition of a sovereign or a sovereign state is
not normally a function of the judiciary. Recognition by the court follows
recognition by the state to which that court belongs.

12 For the reasons above, the appeal is dismissed. I shall hear the question
of costs at a later date if parties are unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Aug 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

