Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Swee Lay Ching v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 149

Case Number | : | MA 6/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 July 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S G Kannan (Tan Leroy & Kannan) for the appellant; Leroy Tan (Tan Leroy & Kannan) for the appellant; Amarjit Singh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Swee Lay Ching — Public Prosecutor   
  
Evidence – Principles – Findings of fact by trial judge – Approach of
appellate court  
  
Immigration – Employment – Illegal foreign worker – Whether presence and
control over worker essential for liability under s 57(1)(e) Immigration Act
(Cap 133, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

1 This was an appeal by the accused, Swee Lay Ching (‘Swee’) against his
conviction by district judge Lee Poh Choo who found him guilty of one charge
under s 57(1)(e) of the Immigration Act, Cap 133 (‘the Act’), for employing Hu
Shu Ting (‘Hu’) who had been convicted of a charge of entering Singapore
illegally, as his stall assistant from March 2001 to 3 June 2002, at a chicken
rice stall styled ‘Fu Tian Qi’ Chicken Rice Stall (‘the stall’) located at
Block 293, Yishun, #01-237. Swee was sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment on
the charge against him.

**The evidence presented and the decision below**

2 The arresting officers, Cpl Tan Kim Chuan (‘Cpl Tan’)(PW 1) and Sgt Brian
Ong (‘Sgt Ong’)(PW 2) gave evidence on behalf of the prosecution. They
testified that they were part of a police team that proceeded to the stall at
about 3:25 p.m. on 3 June 2002 . There, they kept observation for five
minutes. Cpl Tan saw Lee Lim Geok (‘Lee’) working inside the stall while Hu
was packing chicken rice. She then handed the packets to three customers and
collected money from them. Sgt Ong also observed Hu packing chicken rice for a
female customer. Subsequently, Cpl Tan moved in to check the identities of Lee
and Hu. He established that Lee had a valid work permit to work at the stall
but Hu did not have any travel documents or a valid work permit. Consequently,
he arrested her. Sgt Ong took photographs of the scene that formed the album
of photos marked P 4.1 to P 4.5. At the time of the arrest, the owner of the
stall, Swee, was not present at the scene.

3 Two customers of the stall, Kat Mok Hang (‘Kat’)(PW 3) and S/Sgt Low Jing
Huar (‘S/Sgt Low’)(PW 4) testified for the prosecution. Kat gave evidence that
he frequented the stall. Initially, he stated that no one worked at the stall
apart from Swee and another elderly man. However, as his examination-in-chief
proceeded, he identified a young Chinese man called “Ah Hian” and a “plump
lady” as workers at the stall. As for Hu, Kat said that he had seen her eating
and drinking at the coffee shop before but he had not seen her at the stall.
He claimed that he did not pay attention to what she did and that he did not
speak to her.

4 S/Sgt Low testified that Hu usually served him when he patronised the stall.
She did this by taking his order, handing his food to him and collecting the
money. On other occasions, he had seen her standing in front of the stall but
he did not notice what she was doing there. S/Sgt Low testified that Swee
would be at the stall from time to time but he had not seen Swee speaking to
Hu before. Finally, S/Sgt Low told the court that he was not involved in the
police investigations relating to Swee’s case.

5 Hu (PW 5) was the next witness for the prosecution. When asked why she was
arrested, she shook her head. She claimed that she was not doing anything when
she was arrested and that she could not recognise the place where she was
arrested (as represented by the photographs taken by Sgt Ong, i.e. P 4.1 to P
4.5). According to her, the police did not ask her what she was doing at the
coffee shop when they interviewed her and she did not tell the police what she
was doing there either. As a result of Hu’s clear reluctance to answer the
questions posed to her by the prosecution, the prosecution applied
successfully under s 156 of the Evidence Act to cross-examine her.

6 During the prosecution’s cross-examination, Hu maintained her refusal to
answer the prosecution’s questions based on the statement that she gave the
police dated 4 June 2002 (P6). In the main, she said that she kept crying
throughout the interview with the police and therefore she could not recall
anything she told them or what they said to her. She claimed that she did not
think that she told the police that Swee was her boss or that she worked at
the stall. With respect to her evidence about Swee in court, she gave
contradictory answers, for example, at N/E 29:

Q: Put: In fact when shown the photo, you told the police that the person in
the photo was one known to you as “lao ban”.

A: No. I did not tell the police. I said I did not know him.

Q: Do you recognize the Accused?

(Puts on spectacles)

A: I have seen him but I do not know what he was doing.

Q: Where have you seen him?

A: I did not see him.

Q: Few seconds ago, you said you have seen him?

A: No. I did not say that.

Q: Where have you seen him?

A: Perhaps at the coffee shop

Q: Did you ever approach him for a job?

A: Yes. I went there to find job. Who is the Accused?

7 In view of her testimony in court, the prosecution applied successfully to
have her statement to the police, i.e. P6, admitted as evidence pursuant to s
147(3) of the Evidence Act. In that statement, she admitted that sometime in
August 2001, she approached Swee for a job at the stall. He hired her as his
stall assistant and her duties included washing the chickens in the morning
and serving the customers. She received $40 a day for her work and was paid
weekly by Swee. He did not work at the stall but would come at night to close
the stall and collect the earnings. Swee asked her for her work permit and
passport a few days after she started working. She lied to him about why she
did not have the documents and he did not pursue the matter.

8 During her cross-examination by the defence counsel, Hu denied being
employed by Swee. She claimed that she was “forced” to give the statement, P6,
to the police. She reiterated that she kept crying during the interview which
took half an hour. She was very frightened and angry because one of the
policemen in the interview room, whom she identified as S/Sgt Low, threatened
that she would be imprisoned for a long time and claimed that she was lying.
However, she also claimed that the other policeman who interviewed her and
recorded her statement asked her not to be afraid or cry. The recorder also
told her that she could get medical attention if she was unwell. According to
her, she signed P6 without knowing its contents.

9 Finally, the prosecution called Ryan Ang (‘Ang’)(PW 6), the investigating
officer who recorded P6. Ang has since resigned from the police force. His
evidence was that he conducted the interview in Mandarin, a language which he
was competent in and which Hu understood. No other officer interfered with the
interview although the room was accessible to them. Hu initially denied
working for Swee. He then told her that he was only interested in the truth
and gave her time to think about what she wanted to say in the statement.
Subsequently, he recorded her statement. He testified that P6 was given
voluntarily and that Hu understood its contents before she signed it.

10 Swee (DW 1) was the only witness for the defence. He denied employing Hu as
a worker at his stall. He claimed that the first time he saw Hu was in
February or March 2002 when she patronised his stall. Subsequently, he noticed
her selling lottery tickets twice or thrice a week. He spoke to her only once
and that was when she asked him to employ her. He refused to do so because she
could not produce her identity card and passport. This stance differed from
his statement to the police taken on 5 June 2002 (P9) which he admitted was
taken voluntarily. In that statement, he claimed that he did not know Hu’s
name and never spoke to her before. In court, he explained that it was not
true that he did not speak to Hu at all but the discrepancy arose because of
an error. According to him, the question posed to him during the investigation
was whether he took the initiative to talk to Hu and he answered in the
negative because it was Hu who initiated the conversation. The statement
contained an error because the recorder recorded his statement as “I do not
know her name and never spoke to her before”. He agreed that he was given the
opportunity to correct that error in his statement but he did not do so.

11 Swee’s explanation for not entering his defence after he was charged and
warned pursuant to s 122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code (‘CPC’) was that he
was worried that what he said could be erroneously recorded since he did not
understand English.

12 In her grounds of decision, the district judge made the following
assessment of the credibility of the witnesses before her: all the police
officers, i.e. Cpl Tan, Sgt Ong, S/Sgt Low and Ang were reliable witnesses
with no motives to lie. On the other hand, Kat was inconsistent and
contradicted himself on the stand. She assessed Hu as a person who was
“obviously a hostile and unreliable witness in court” on the basis of her
conduct in court. She contradicted herself easily and constantly and she was
not disturbed that her answers were illogical and unbelievable. Finally,
Swee’s credibility was impeached because his oral testimony was materially
inconsistent with his prior statement to the police, P9.

13 The district judge found that Swee had employed Hu as his stall assistant
knowing that she was an illegal immigrant and that the prosecution had proven
its case against him beyond reasonable doubt. The two main reasons for her
decision were: first, that the evidence of Cpl Tan, Sgt Ong and S/Sgt Low that
Hu worked at the stall was reliable and the evidence of Hu, Kat and Swee to
the contrary was not. Secondly, that since Hu’s statement, P6, was made
voluntarily, it recorded the truth, i.e. that she was employed by Swee to work
as a stall assistant.

**The appeal**

14 On appeal, Swee’s main contention was that the district judge erred in
preferring the testimonies of Cpl Tan, Sgt Ong, S/Sgt Low and Ang over those
of his, Kat and Hu, to arrive at the conclusion that he employed Hu as his
stall assistant. The appeal was, in essence, an appeal against the district
judge’s findings of fact based on the credibility of the witnesses whom she
had observed when giving evidence. Accordingly, the trite principle of law
that an appellate court should not upset such findings of fact unless they
were plainly against the weight of evidence applied: _PP v ABC_ [2003] SGCA 14
at ¶ 19 and _Lim Ah Poh v Public Prosecutor_ [1992] 1 SLR 713 at 719.

15 Before me, counsel for Swee, Mr. Kannan, argued that the district judge
erred in rejecting Hu’s testimony that she was forced into making P6 and
consequently, in according full weight to the statement. He relied on the fact
that Hu had initially made denials during the interview, but subsequently,
confessed to being in the employ of Swee and contended that she changed her
stance because of S/Sgt Low’s threats and Ang’s continued refusal to record
any of her denials.

16 I was not persuaded by Mr. Kannan’s arguments. While it was undisputed that
Hu had initially denied working for Swee, there was no evidence to support the
inference that something sinister had occurred in the interview room to cause
her subsequent confession. In my view, the district judge correctly analysed
that Hu’s allegation that she was forced by Ang to make P6 was inconsistent
with her own testimony that Ang told her, in the course of the interview, not
to be afraid or cry and that she could get medical attention. In any case, it
was clear from the notes of evidence that Hu’s testimony was riddled with
inconsistencies and that the district judge had ample grounds to find that she
was not worthy of credit. The district judge had the advantage of observing
Ang and S/Sgt Low at the witness stand and concluded that they were honest and
had no motive to lie. She believed Ang’s testimony that Hu understood the
contents of P6 and gave it voluntarily, as well as S/Sgt Low’s evidence that
he was not involved in the investigations of Swee’s case. I saw no reason to
disturb her findings.

17 Apart from his submission on the weight which should be given to P6, Mr.
Kannan also raised the following arguments in his written submissions:

(a) The evidence of the arresting officers, Cpl Tan and Sgt Ong, should be
rejected as they had only kept observation for five minutes before moving in;

(b) The district judge erred in stating that S/Sgt Low saw Swee speaking to Hu
before when the witness had testified to the converse;

(c) The evidence of Kat and Lee that Hu did not work at the stall was reliable
and should be accepted;

(d) Swee’s explanations as to the material discrepancy between his oral
testimony and P9 and why he did not sign the cautioned statement should be
believed;

(e) The prosecution failed to prove that Swee exercised control over Hu since
he was not present at the time she was arrested.

18 I will only deal with each of these arguments briefly as, in my view, all
of them merely reflected counsel’s attempt to nit-pick at the judgment below
and did not establish that the district judge’s analysis of the evidence was
clearly wrong.

19 The argument that the testimonies of the arresting officers should be
rejected on the ground that they had only observed Hu for five minutes was
clearly flawed. The short observation time did not detract from or diminish
the reliability of their observation that Hu was serving customers at the
stall, which was the crux of their evidence.

20 In relation to S/Sgt Low’s evidence, Mr. Kannan had rightly pointed out
that the district judge erred in stating that S/Sgt Low saw Swee speaking to
Hu when he actually testified that he did _not_ see the pair communicate with
each other. However, the error was inconsequential. Counsel did not challenge
the veracity of the material portion of S/Sgt Low’s testimony that the
district judge had relied on, i.e. that Hu served him when he patronised the
stall.

21 I also rejected Mr. Kannan’s argument that the evidence of Kat and Lee that
Hu did not work at the stall, was reliable and should be accepted as the
truth. In relation to Kat’s evidence, the district judge rightly noted that he
was inconsistent in his evidence. He had initially said that only Swee and an
elderly man worked at the stall but subsequently, he identified a young
Chinese man and a plump woman as workers at the stall. Furthermore, Kat
claimed that he did not pay attention to what happened at the stall but was
able to notice that the young Chinese man was not allowed to go out of the
stall when he was working. Mr. Kannan argued that Kat’s evidence should be
accepted because he could identify the workers at the stall. This argument was
illogical. The fact that Kat could identify _some_ of the workers at the stall
did not necessarily mean that he knew _all_ the workers there, particularly
since he conceded that he was “not paying attention”. As for Lee’s
identification of Hu as a customer in court, that was not admissible evidence
since he was not called as a witness at the trial below.

22 Mr. Kannan argued that Swee had a proper explanation for the discrepancy
between his statement to the police, P9, and his oral testimony, i.e. that
there was an error in the recording of the statement because Ang recorded the
question posed to him as whether he had spoken to Hu before when the actual
question posed was whether he had initiated a conversation with Hu before. In
my opinion, the district judge rightly rejected this explanation because Swee
was given an opportunity to amend the “error” but he did not do so. In
addition, the district judge correctly reasoned that there was no reason for
the investigating officer to be concerned with who initiated the conversation
about employment when the crucial fact to be established was whether Swee
spoke to Hu before.

23 Mr. Kannan’s next argument was that the district judge erred when she did
not accept Swee’s explanation that he did not sign his statement pursuant to s
122(6) of the CPC because he was under an impression that doing so meant that
he admitted to the charge. This argument was misconceived as the district
judge did not make any findings about whether Swee’s explanation was
believable. She did not draw any adverse inferences pursuant to s 123(1) of
the CPC for Swee’s failure to set out an affirmative defence when he was
charged and warned under s 122(6) of the CPC. In fact, she did not rely on the
contents of the cautioned statement to arrive at her decision.

24 Finally, Mr. Kannan raised the argument that Swee was not present at the
stall when Hu was arrested and that there was no evidence that he had control
over her. I rejected this argument because presence and control are not
essential for liability to be established under s 57(1)(e) of the Act. By that
subsection, “any person who employs any person who has acted in contravention
of section 6(1), 15 or 35 or the regulations … shall be guilty of an offence…”
The word “employ” is defined in s 2 of the Act as “to engage or use the
service of any person, whether under a contract of service or otherwise, with
or without remuneration.” These two provisions make it clear that the
prosecution only has to prove that Swee employed or used the services of Hu to
make out the offence. Presence and control are merely indicators of employment
and are not necessary to prove employment.

**Conclusion**

25 The district judge’s conclusion that Hu was employed by Swee as a stall
assistant was amply supported by the evidence; in particular, by the evidence
of the police officers that Hu served customers at the stall and by the
statement made by Hu that she worked for Swee. Accordingly, I dismissed Swee’s
appeal and upheld his conviction and sentence.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jul 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

