Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Goh Yong Hng v Cheong Yen Teng (Zheng Yanping) (m.w.) and Another  
[2003] SGHC 89

Case Number | : | Div P 602501/2002, RAS 720104/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Irving Choh (CTLC Law Corporation) for the Petitioner-Appellant; Angela Lee (Jansen, Menon & Lee) for the Co-Respondent-Respondent   
Parties | : |  Goh Yong Hng — Cheong Yen Teng (Zheng Yanping) (m.w.); Goh Yik Liang   
  
Family Law – Grounds for divorce – Adultery – Costs against co-respondent –
Whether costs incurred by private investigators reasonable  
  
Family Law – Grounds for divorce – Adultery – Costs against co-respondent –
Wife willing party to adultery – Proportion of costs of private investigators
payable by co-respondent  
  

1 This is an appeal by the petitioner (the husband) who is seeking an order
that the co-respondent be made to pay him a sum of $8,780 in reimbursement of
the costs which the husband incurred in employing a firm of private
investigators. In the District Court, the co-respondent was ordered to pay the
husband only 25% of those costs.

**Background**

2 The husband filed the petition in these proceedings on 1 July 2002. He
sought a divorce on the ground that his marriage with the respondent wife had
broken irretrievably in that she had committed adultery with the co-respondent
and he found it intolerable to live with her. Particulars of the alleged
adultery were given. The first was that the wife and the co-respondent had
committed adultery on 9 May 2002 in a flat in Bishan. The second particular
was that on 15 May 2002, the co-respondent had impliedly admitted committing
adultery with the wife in that he had volunteered to pay all the fees of the
investigators.

3 Apart from asking for the dissolution of the marriage and the usual
ancillary orders regarding property and children, the husband prayed that the
co-respondent be ordered to pay the costs of the divorce proceedings and all
costs incurred by him in obtaining the private investigator’s report. This
latter prayer was amended subsequently to ask for such costs to be paid by the
wife and/or the co-respondent.

4 The petition was heard on 24 September 2002. Neither the wife nor the co-
respondent contested it. Oral evidence was given by the husband and one Mr
Philip Tan, the chief investigator of the firm of private investigators
employed by the husband. The ancillary matters, including the issues as to
costs, were adjourned to chambers.

5 For the purposes of the ancillary hearing, both the husband and the co-
respondent filed affidavits. From these affidavits it appeared that the
husband, the wife and the co-respondent had first met each other in January
2002. Subsequently, the affair had started. The husband had instructed Mr
Philip Tan’s firm on 8 May 2002 and operatives from the firm had kept
surveillance on the wife and co-respondent on 9, 10 and 13 May. Subsequently,
a meeting of the three parties at which Mr Tan was also present had taken
place. At the time of the alleged adultery on 9 May, the husband and wife were
still cohabiting and the husband asserted that he believed the wife was happy
in the marriage. The co-respondent, however, asserted that the wife had
expressed unhappiness to him. He further averred that the parties’ marriage
had broken down before the affair had started. He vigorously contested the
husband’s application that he be made to bear the costs of the proceedings and
the costs of the private investigation.

**The decision below**

6 The district judge made the following orders:

(a) that the co-respondent pay to the husband the sum of $2,195 being 25% of
the private investigator’s costs;

(b) that the co-respondent bear 50% of the costs of the divorce proceedings
fixed at $1,500 ie the co-respondent was to pay $750; and

(c) that in respect of the issue as to the co-respondent’s liability for
costs, the co-respondent pay the husband costs of the same fixed at $400.

The husband appealed against the first of those orders. He wanted the co-
respondent to pay all of the investigation costs.

7 In her judgment, the district judge noted that as the co-respondent did not
defend the allegations in the divorce petition, he was deemed to have admitted
that he had committed adultery with the wife. The husband would not have been
put to the expense of engaging a private investigator to gather the necessary
evidence, but for the co-respondent’s act of adultery. In granting the decree
nisi, the court was satisfied that the husband had sufficiently proved the
contents of his petition and in accordance with the principle that costs
followed the event the co-respondent was prima facie liable, at least in part,
for the costs of the private investigator.

8 The judge noted that the law relevant to the application was as set out in
_Halsbury’s Laws of England_ (4th Ed) para 970 which states:

A co-respondent, against whom adultery is established, may be ordered to pay
the whole or any part of the costs of the proceedings, but in exercising its
discretion as to the costs which a co-respondent may be ordered to pay, the
court may have to consider whether in fact the co-respondent was responsible
either for the breakdown of the marriage or for the litigation.

She rejected the argument put forward by the co-respondent that the marriage
had broken down before the adultery and therefore that he should bear no
responsibility for its breakdown. Further, she distinguished the case of _Tan
Kay Poh v Tan Surida & Anor_ [1988] SLR 983 where Chao Hick Tin JC had refused
to make an order for costs against the co-respondent. In that case it was
clear that the wife had left the matrimonial home due to unhappiness with the
husband before her adulterous relationship with the co-respondent started. In
this case, the husband had asserted that the marriage was happy and the co-
respondent’s assertions to the contrary were uncorroborated. The parties were
still living together at the time of the adultery and nothing much turned on
the fact that the wife had not contested the divorce petition – it might
simply have been because she had no defence to it.

9 The judge therefore found that in principle there was no reason not to make
an order that the co-respondent pay costs to the husband. She then considered
the issue of quantum. The husband was claiming the fees charged for
surveillance, the issue of two investigation reports and the investigator’s
attendance in court. These totalled $8,780. The judge directed herself that in
determining whether the co-respondent should be made to pay that full sum, the
fees claimed must necessarily be subject to the test of reasonableness. She
cited O 59 r 27(2) of the Rules of Court which applies to matrimonial
proceedings by virtue of r 2 of the Matrimonial Proceedings Rules and states
‘that there shall be allowed a reasonable amount in respect of all costs
reasonably incurred’. She then posed the question whether the fees of $8,780
were reasonable in amount.

10 The judge then held that it appeared from the evidence that the private
investigators had gathered the necessary evidence of adultery on 9 May, the
day after they were instructed. They had, however, continued to conduct
surveillance on Friday, 10 May and Monday, 13 May. In her view, the work
undertaken on these two days was not really necessary since the relevant
evidence had already been obtained by 9 May. Mr Philip Tan had also attended
the meeting of the parties held on 15 May. He was instructed to record the
meeting on video but the judge was doubtful as to whether the video recording
was in fact made as there was no reference to it in either the PI report or
the husband’s affidavit. As for Mr Tan’s court attendance on 24 September for
which an invoice for $600 was rendered, the court’s record showed that the
total time occupied for the divorce petition was just ten minutes. This meant
that the private investigator spent less than ten minutes on the stand and was
only required to produce the photograph of the wife given to him for
identification purposes and his two investigation reports.

11 The judge went on to hold that, having regard to the very short duration of
the investigations, which were completed after three days of surveillance (the
last two of which were not really necessary), the private investigator’s
observer’s status at the meeting and the brevity of his second report, the
very few photographs that were produced and his very brief court appearance as
a formal witness, fees of $8,780 were excessive. The investigator had charged
$8,100 for the investigation and attendance at the meeting. The amount was
unjustifiable as the assignment was not complex and no obstacles were
encountered during the investigations. In her view, a sum of $4,390 equivalent
to 50% of the amount charged was reasonable and would more appropriately
reflect the work done in obtaining evidence of the adultery. Since the wife
was a willing party to the adultery, she ordered that the co-respondent should
pay the husband 25% of the original fee of $8,780 ie 50% of the amount that
she considered was a reasonable fee.

**The appeal**

12 Counsel for the husband pointed out that the private investigators had
rendered three invoices, the first for $7,170 for the surveillance, the second
for $1,010 for the meeting and video recording and the third for $600 for the
court attendance.

13 Counsel submitted that in respect of the first invoice, the district judge
had erred in finding that the first day of surveillance was sufficient just
because on that day the private investigators had observed the wife and the
co-respondent entering an empty flat in Bishan and remaining there for some
time. The finding was incorrect because at that point of time the husband was
entitled to instruct the private investigator to carry out surveillance for
the next two days to ensure that sufficient evidence was obtained for the
purposes of the divorce. It was not a situation where the surveillance went on
for nothing except to escalate costs. It was submitted that three days of
surveillance was reasonable under the circumstances as there was no sure test
to establish when there would be sufficient evidence to prove adultery
particularly when the evidence obtained on the first day was circumstantial.

14 As for the meeting on 15 May 2002, the judge was wrong to infer that there
was no recording when actually there was. The sum of $1,010 was reasonable
considering the urgency of the matter and that services were rendered after
official hours. As for the court attendance fee of $600, whilst the hearing
may have taken ten minutes the judge failed to take into account the waiting
and travelling time which would have easily totalled one and a half to two
hours.

15 Counsel for the co-respondent submitted that the judge’s decision should be
upheld. She endorsed the reasoning of the judge and also repeated the
arguments that had been made on behalf of the co-respondent below ie that he
was not responsible for the breakdown of the marriage and that it was heading
for divorce when he was unwittingly drawn in and used as an excuse for the
petition to be presented. Counsel submitted also that the disbursements
incurred by the private investigator were inflated and unnecessary and that
the court attendance fee was very high.

**Decision**

16 As regards the arguments made on behalf of the co-respondent that he was
not responsible for the breakdown of the marriage, I take the view that since
he did not appeal against the decision of the district judge, he had no basis
on which to resurrect matters on which she had held against him. Before me,
the question in issue was what was the correct proportion of the costs to be
borne by the co-respondent and not whether he was liable for costs at all. I
should state, however, that on the facts of this case, I think, with respect,
that the district judge was correct to have distinguished _Tan Kay Poh’s_ case
and to have held that the co-respondent here did bear prima facie liability
for costs.

17 The first point here is whether the co-respondent should have been made
responsible for all of the costs. Counsel for the husband submitted that the
answer to that question was yes. The co-respondent had known from the time he
first met the wife that she was a married woman as her children and his
attended the same kindergarten. His conduct showed that he did not care
whether she was married or not and therefore he should bear full liability. On
the other hand, the judge considered that the wife was a willing party to the
adultery and therefore the co-respondent was only responsible for half of
reasonable investigation fees. I think that the judge was right on this point.
There was no evidence to show that the wife had been unwilling and had had to
be actively seduced by the co-respondent. On the other hand, her conduct after
the marriage broke down showed that she did not want to preserve the marriage.
She made no efforts towards reconciliation. The wife was a mature working
woman in her late 20s and capable of making her own decisions. In the absence
of evidence to the contrary, she must be considered as equally responsible for
the adultery and thus for the breakdown of the marriage. Thus, it would not be
fair to hold the co-respondent responsible for more than half of the cost of
employing the investigator.

18 As regards quantum, the main issue was, as the judge correctly directed
herself, whether the costs incurred were reasonable. The bulk of the costs
related to the surveillance. Here, there were two issues, the first being
whether it was reasonable to carry on surveillance for three days and the
second being whether the amount charged for the three days surveillance was
reasonable. As regards the first issue, with respect, I think that the judge’s
view that all necessary evidence had been obtained on the first day was based
on hindsight. In the event, the husband had relied on the report of what had
been seen on the first day in order to found his petition. In the event too,
neither the wife nor the co-respondent had contested the assertion that they
had committed adultery on that day during the time they spent in the Bishan
flat. That, however, would not have been known by either the investigators or
the husband at the end of the first day’s surveillance. Whilst the fact that
the wife and the co-respondent went into an empty flat and remained there for
an hour or so on the evening of the 9th was suggestive of adulterous
behaviour, it was not conclusive proof of such behaviour. As the investigators
would have known, there is a heavy burden of proof for adultery. It was
therefore reasonable for them to continue the surveillance on two other days
to try and get additional evidence to support the circumstantial evidence
obtained by the first day’s work in case the inference that the husband would
want the court to draw from the events of 9th May was disputed by the wife and
co-respondent.

19 As regards the issue of reasonable fees for the surveillance, an
examination of the invoice shows that six operatives were employed in the
surveillance on the 9th of May, three on the 10th of May and six on the 13th.
From the report, the surveillance on 9th May took place between 10 o’clock in
the morning and around 7.30 in the evening. The surveillance on the 10th May
took place between 11am and 6.15pm whilst on the 13th of May, operations
started at 9am and ended at 9.10pm. Thus, both the manpower employed and the
time taken were substantial. The firm charged $7,500 for the services of the
operatives, $140 for disbursements incurred in conducting searches on, amongst
other things, vehicles and property, and $30 for six video prints. After
deducting a discount of $500 the amount of the bill was $7,170. The co-
respondent did not adduce any evidence to assist the court in determining
whether the bill was reasonable or not in relation to the fees generally
charged by private investigators or in relation to the number of operatives
used for the surveillance. In these circumstances, the only material before
the court on which to assess the reasonableness of the bill was that in the
bill itself and in the report. Based on the details in these documents, it
does not appear to me that the quantum was excessive. Neither does it appear
that the disbursements were excessive or unreasonable. There was no reason to
impugn the total bill of $7,170.

20 The second bill was for a sum of $1,010 and was in respect of the covert
video recording made on 16 May 2002. The judge appeared to consider that there
was no evidence that such a recording was actually made. The second report
issued by the investigation firm, however, stated expressly that the husband
had asked for his meeting with the wife and the co-respondent to be recorded,
covertly, on video. It was also noted that the objective of the meeting was to
see what the co-respondent would say when the allegation of the adultery was
made and that Mr Tan’s presence as a witness was required. The co-respondent
did not challenge the fact of the video being made. If he had, the husband
could have produced the video and any further evidence he considered necessary
to substantiate the reasonableness of the private investigation firm’s bill
for that service. To the extent that the judge considered the investigator’s
fees to be excessive because she did not believe in the existence of the
videotape, I consider that she was in error. As for the amount charged for
that service, it does seem to be on the high side bearing in mind the fees
charged for three days of surveillance and that the meeting was not a very
long one and Mr Tan turned up in the middle of it.

21 As regards the third bill of $600 for court attendance, the only objection
to this is that it seems high for ten minutes work. In this connection, I
accept the submission made on behalf of the husband that ten minutes in court
does not mean that only ten minutes of Mr Tan’s time was taken up. He could
very well have been out of the office for up to two hours. If he was, it would
mean he charged approximately $300 per hour.

22 From the first bill which the firm rendered it would appear that its
operatives spent a total of 29 hours or so carrying out surveillance. The
amount charged for this was $7,000 (after the discount) which means that if
only one man had been involved, the cost would have been $241 an hour. In fact
on the first day there were six men, on the second, three and on the third
six. That means the cost per hour per operative was considerably less,
probably in the region of $50. In view of the firm’s billing practices as
reflected by the bill, it would seem that $300 per hour for court attendance
was excessive. In respect of that bill, I would allow $100 per hour since Mr
Tan was the chief investigator, giving a total of $200, and in respect of the
attendance on 15th May, I would allow $400, $200 being for Mr Tan’s attendance
and the other $200 being for the cost of having someone present covertly to
make the video. I also allow the $10 charged on the third bill as the cost of
making video prints.

23 In total therefore, it would appear that reasonable investigation costs
would have amounted to $7,780. Accordingly, the amount payable by the co-
respondent is half of that. The appeal is therefore allowed. The order below
is varied so that the co-respondent shall pay the husband $3,890 to account of
the investigation costs. Whilst the husband has not succeeded entirely on his
appeal, he has succeeded to an extent and must be awarded costs. I will see
the parties on the appropriate amount of costs if they are unable to come to
an agreement on the issue.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

