Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Samwoh Asphalt Premix Pte Ltd v Sum Cheong Piling Pte Ltd and Another  
[2003] SGHC 2

Case Number | : | Suit 245/2001; BOC 386/2002; SIC 5567/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 January 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Sureshan (David Lim & Partners) for the First Defendants; Christopher Chong (Wong Partnership) for the Second Defendants   
Parties | : |  Samwoh Asphalt Premix Pte Ltd — Sum Cheong Piling Pte Ltd; Ecics-Coface Guarantee Co   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Taxation – Application for review of taxation -Legal
or factual disputes not involving neutral party – Whether costs awarded to
neutral party excessive  
  

1 This was an application for a review of a taxation of costs. The first
defendants called upon a performance bond given by the plaintiffs to them. The
second defendants were the bondsman. The plaintiffs challenged the call and
applied for an injunction to restrain the call on the ground of
unconscionability. The application was dismissed but the plaintiffs succeeded
on appeal to the Court of Appeal. The first defendants were ordered to pay
costs of the plaintiffs as well as the second defendants.

2 The plaintiffs’ costs for the first instance hearing as well as the appeal
were taxed at approximately $45,000. No dispute arose in respect of that set
of costs. However, the first defendants applied before me to review the
$20,000 costs awarded to the second defendants by the Deputy Registrar.

3 Mr Sureshan for the first defendants submitted that the amount was excessive
because the second defendants were not involved in the merits of the dispute
between the plaintiffs and the first defendants. No specific allegation or
claim was made by any party against the second defendants and they, in turn,
made no allegation or claim against anyone. The only function for them was to
make payment under the bond should be plaintiffs’ application for an
injunction against the first defendants fail. In the event, the plaintiffs
succeeded and the second defendants were not required to make payment. Hence,
Mr Sureshan’s main argument before me was that in those circumstances, the
second defendants were virtually nominal parties whose only work was to decide
whether to pay on the bond when called to do so. The legal and factual
disputes were between the plaintiffs and the first defendants.

4 Mr Christopher Chong appeared on behalf of the second defendants. He
conceded that the second defendants eventually adopted a neutral position but,
he argued, they were able to do so only after the case was properly considered
and on advice by their solicitors. He submitted that counsel on behalf of the
second defendants made a submission before the Court of Appeal in respect of
the position of the bondsman and in particular as to how they ought to be
protected. At the hearing before the Court of Appeal the second defendants
filed a bundle of authorities with two cases and an extract of O 57 r 3.

5 In conclusion, Mr Chong referred to the written judgment of the Court of
Appeal at page 14 where the court stated that it would allow the appeal and
noted that the second defendants had substantially reimbursed the plaintiffs
money paid by the latter to them consequent upon the discharge of the interim
injunction by the judge at first instance. The portion of the judgment now
relied upon by Mr Chong in support is at [22]:

"We think that the parties should, as far as practicable, be placed in the
same position in which they were before the injunction was discharged."

The judgment went on to declare that:

"We therefore order that [the first defendants] repay the amount of S$500,000
to [the second defendants] forthwith and that [the second defendants] upon
receipt thereof repay the amount to [the plaintiffs]. This order does not
prejudice [the second defendants] in any way, as they only pass on to [the
plaintiffs] the amount they received from [the first defendants]."

6 Mr Chong says that to put the second defendants "in the same position as
before" must be taken to mean that the second defendants must not be in a
worse position so far as costs was concerned.

7 I am of the view that the costs awarded to the second defendants were
excessive and ought to be reduced. There were no grounds given below but the
award may be justified if the second defendants were a "fighting party",
albeit on a smaller scale than the first defendants. I do not think that this
was the case because the second defendants were clearly a neutral party whose
only role was to await the decision of the Court and thereafter to make
payment if so required. It was of course prudent for them to consult their
solicitors, but I cannot imagine that competent lawyers such as Mr Chong and
his colleagues would lose sleep over the advice that they had given to the
second defendants in this case. It was certainly proper for the solicitors to
represent the second defendants at each stage of the proceedings but no
substantial arguments need be presented in the circumstances. I note that
counsel for the second defendants made a short submission before the Court of
Appeal but that was really a gratuitous effort and the only point was to
emphasize the arguments that the plaintiffs ought not to have joined them as a
party in the first place. In retrospect, that argument now works against them.
The submission there was purely for the purpose of seeking costs against the
plaintiffs for the joining the second defendants unnecessarily. In my view,
the second defendants would have been in no worse position in this case had
they not been represented in court.

8 In cases such as this, $20,000 in costs is too generous to the extent that
it becomes unfair to the first defendants. Furthermore, neutral parties such
as bondsmen and persons who take out interpleader proceedings must justify why
such costs had to be incurred. In the present case I am unable to agree that
the work done was sufficient to justify the costs awarded. I would reduce the
award from $20,000 to $5,000.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jan 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

