Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Hock Guan v Attorney-General  
[2003] SGHC 284

Case Number | : | Suit 953/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 November 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Chau Yee and Cindy Sim (Tan JinHwee, Eunice and Lim ChooEng) for plaintiff; Wilson Hue Kuan Chen and Leonard Goh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Ng Hock Guan — Attorney-General   
  
Administrative Law – Dismissal from employment – Whether Authorised Officer's
decision to dismiss plaintiff from employment was one no rational and fair-
minded arbiter would have made  
  

Introduction

The plaintiff was a Senior Investigation Officer, holding the rank of Senior
Staff Sergeant, attached to the Anti-Vice Branch (“AVB”), Criminal
Investigation Department (“CID”), Singapore Police Force, prior to his
dismissal on 19 September 2000. On 22 September 2000 the plaintiff
unsuccessfully appealed to the Commissioner of Police against the decision of
the Authorised Officer, Deputy Superintendent Jacob Joy, who conducted the
disciplinary hearing.

2 The plaintiff was charged with “conduct to the prejudice of good order and
discipline” under section 27(1)(c) of the Police Force Act, Cap. 235, in that
he had slapped 3 Filipino women on 18 November 1999 while they were being
questioned at the CID for suspected vice activities.

3 Disciplinary proceedings were then instituted against the plaintiff together
with 3 other police officers charged with similar assaults pursuant to Police
Regulations. At the end of a 15-day hearing involving 19 witnesses, all 4
police officers, including the plaintiff, were found guilty by the Authorised
Officer. Two of 4 officers were reinstated after their appeals to the
Commissioner of Police. Like the plaintiff, the remaining police officer was
unsuccessful in his appeal to the Commissioner of Police. Unlike the
plaintiff, that other police officer did not seek judicial review of the
decision of the Authorised Officer.

The reliefs claimed

4 In this action for judicial review, the plaintiff claim against the
defendant for the following reliefs:-

(a) A declaration that the immediate dismissal purported to be effected on 19
September 2000 was illegal, void and inoperative as well as ultra vires the
Police Force Act, Cap 2325, and being in violation of the rules of natural
justice;

(b) A declaration that the plaintiff is to be reinstated as a Senior Staff
Sergeant of the Singapore Police Force and consequently entitled to be
remunerated as such and be entitled to such rights as to pension and other
benefits as if he had retired on attaining the age of retirement;

(c) Alternatively, a declaration that the plaintiff’s employment was
wrongfully terminated and for damages for wrongful termination;

(d) Recovery of the plaintiff’s salary and allowances from the date of the
purported termination of employment.

Grounds for judicial review

5 As pleaded, the plaintiff relied on two grounds for judicial review. First,
he averred under sub-paragraph 11(a)(I) to (vii) and 11(b) that the mind of
the Authorised Officer was or could reasonably be thought to have been
prejudiced against the plaintiff as the results of a polygraph (lie detector)
test were forwarded to the Authorised Officer. The polygraph test indicated
that the plaintiff was probably not truthful. As there was no evidence to
support this averment, I rejected this ground. The plaintiff applied for
permission to cross examine the Authorised Officer, who had affirmed an
affidavit to the effect that at all material times he did not know of the
results of the polygraph test. I refused the application as the introduction
and examination of controversial evidence in a judicial review over what had
transpired at and during the hearing of the tribunal in question are not
appropriate. Such a course would also constitute a trial of the proceedings of
a tribunal in question, which is not properly the function of a judicial
review which is concerned with the legality, fairness or propriety of the
decision making process and not with the evaluation of the relative weight or
probative value of the conflicting evidence. The latter function is within the
exclusive remit of the tribunal entrusted with the task of evaluating the
evidence. It is not the function of a court to consider the sufficiency of the
evidence, as long as there is evidence to support the verdict arrived at.

6 Colour photographs were taken of the 3 complainants at the AVB, CID after
the alleged assaults. Counsel for the plaintiff sought their production at the
trial, as they would show the facial expressions of the complainants which
would be relevant to the question whether there were any visible injury on
their faces. I refused permission as I was mindful not to enter into the remit
and role of the Authorised Officer.

7 The other and main ground for judicial review, as set out in sub-paragraph
11(c) of the Statement of Claim, was that the plaintiff’s dismissal was unfair
because the decision of the Authorised Officer, who constituted the
Disciplinary Board, in his finding of guilt against the plaintiff was
irrational for want of consideration of all relevant factors, and/or was a
decision which no reasonable arbiter properly directing itself could have
taken. At the conclusion of the hearing, I was of the view that this ground
was made out. It was indicated by the defendant that reinstatement as a relief
was not in issue. I therefore ordered reinstatement and recovery of the
plaintiff’s salary and allowances from the date of the purported termination
of employment.

The Facts

8 The plaintiff joined the Singapore Police Force as a Constable. Upon
completing his 6 month’s basic training at the then Police Academy in July
1990 he was posted to Jurong Police Division. In 1992 he was posted to Hong
Kah North Neighbourhood Police Post. In March 1993 he was awarded the
Certificate of Commendation for achieving excellent service to the public.

9 In March 1993 the plaintiff was transferred to AVB where he remained in
service until his dismissal, as recited above. He began by carrying out the
duties of a field detective. He was also promoted to the rank of Corporal. In
the following year, he received commendation from the Commissioner of Police
for excellent teamwork, tenacity of purpose, alertness and dedication. In 1996
he received the Testimonial from the Commissioner of Police for devotion to
duty and detective ability. He was promoted to the rank of Sergeant.

10 In 1997 he was promoted to the rank of Staff Sergeant, having received 3
dossier entries for good arrests. In May that year, he was promoted to be
Officer in Charge of Team 1, AVB, responsible for leading and supervising a
team of 4 officers. He was also an investigation officer. In 1999 the
plaintiff received dossier entry for good arrest. He was nominated Senior
Investigating Officer. In August, 1999 he received the Ministry of Home
Affairs Award. In October the same year, he was promoted to the rank of Senior
Staff Sergeant and was made Senior Investigating Officer of AVB.

11 At the material time, the plaintiff was nominated as candidate for
appointment to the rank of Acting Inspector of Police.

The alleged incidents

12 On 18 November 1999 Sgt Tea Ai Huay, W/Sgt Eve Boon Yen Kian and Sgt R K
Vicneswaran brought to the AVB 8 Filipinas. They had raided the apartment in
which they were found in response to a written complaint by the management
corporation of the condominium that prostitution was going on in the
apartment. The 8 Filipinas were Christina Papa Hoyohoy (“Christina”). Riza
Consingnado Sanchez (“Riza”), Gerson Melendres Bariring (“Gerson”), Gina
Sepagan Mareon (“Gina”), Maria Rosalyn Marano Papa (“Maria”) whose mother is
Gina, Evangeline Mangurdun (“Evangeline”), Ely Glor Calibo (“Ely”) and Alicia
Francisio (“Alicia”). Six of them, excluding Gina and Maria, were arrested on
suspicion that they were prostitutes entering Singapore illegally. Gina was
arrested on suspicion of being the person who had arranged for their entry
into Singapore. Maria was asked to go to AVB to assist in the investigation.

13 The plaintiff was not involved in the raid operation and arrests.

14 The 3 complainants were Christina, Riza and Gerson. They alleged that the
plaintiff slapped them on their cheeks during the interview conducted in the
Detective Room.

15 All 7 suspects were referred to the Ministry of Manpower for investigation
into possible illegal entry into Singapore.

16 Following complaints of assault by some of the female Filipinos, police
investigations were carried out.

**Expert Opinion against bare medical reports**

17 On 19 November 1999, a day after the alleged assault, Christina was
medically examined by Dr Maninder Singh Shahi of 81 Family Clinic. She was
found to have the following injuries: (1) 6 cm diameter bruise on the left
cheek; (b) swelling and erythema (ie redness) on the proximal (ie the end
nearer the wrist), dorsal (ie back) left little finger, with painful movement
of the metacarpo-phalangeal joint (ie the knuckle joint); (3) tenderness over
the anterior (ie front) of the right 3rd rib, with no bruising or swelling;
and (4) right shoulder tenderness with pain on movement, and without swelling
or bruising.

18 Dr Maninder Singh Shahi was not called to give evidence and he was
therefore not subjected to cross examination. However, the plaintiff in his
defence called as witness in his defence Dr Teo Eng Swee (“Dr Teo”), the
Consultant Forensic Pathologist, and Head, Clinical Forensic Services,
Institute of Forensic Science and Medicine. According to Dr Teo, the only
relevant “objective medical findings” are the left cheek bruise. All the other
medical findings of Dr Maninder Singh Shahi were subjective. In other words,
they were based on what Christina had told Dr Maninder Singh Shahi. The
crucial point was that, on any view, these other medical findings had nothing
to do with the plaintiff, against whom the only allegation was that he had
slapped her on the cheek.

19 Dr Teo opined that the other medical findings were not specific, and did
not support Dr Maninder Singh Shahi’s opinion that the “injuries” were
“probably” caused by assault.

20 Dr Teo opined that the bruise on the cheek was consistent with light blunt
force trauma to the cheek. In contrast to Dr Maninder Singh Shahi’s written
report, which was untested by any cross examination, he significantly opined
that self infliction could not be excluded.

21 So far as Riza was concerned, she was examined by Dr Mohan Tiru of Changi
General Hospital on 21 November, 1999, 3 days after the alleged incident. She
claimed to have been slapped on both cheeks and hit over the left buttock. The
only medical finding was swelling over the right malar area.

22 Dr Mohan Tiru was not called to give evidence and there was therefore no
cross examination of the doctor.

23 Dr Teo, in defence of the plaintiff, opined that one could only say that
the injury to the face was perhaps due to light blunt force. A person who
slapped himself or herself on both cheeks could just as well cause swelling of
both cheeks. Dr Teo further made the significant point that it would be
unusual to have the swelling last for 3 days without any bruising. He further
opined that self-infliction could not be excluded, based solely on the medical
evidence. He therefore said that Dr Mohan Tiru’s view that “the injury was not
likely to have been self-inflicted” was not supported by the medical evidence.

24 I now turn to the medical evidence relating to Gerson, the third
complainant. She was examined by Dr Mohan Tiru at the Changi General Hospital
on 21 November 1999, also 3 days after the alleged incident. She complained of
being slapped on both cheeks. On examination she was found to have swelling on
both cheeks (bilateral malar swelling). The doctor’s opinion was that this
injury was “not likely to have been self-inflicted”.

25 Again, Dr Mohan Tiru was not called to give evidence. Only his written
report, which was not re-affirmed before the Authorised Officer, nor subjected
to cross examination, was produced as evidence.

26 Dr Teo opined in evidence that Dr Mohan Tiru’s views were not supported by
the medical evidence. He told the tribunal what could be reasonably inferred.
Dr Teo said that one could only say that the injury to the face was perhaps
due to light blunt force. He told the Authorised Officer that a person who
slapped himself or herself on both cheeks could just as well cause swelling of
both cheeks. He further opined that it would be unusual to have the swelling
last for 3 days without any bruising.

27 In the circumstances, Dr Teo opined that self-infliction could not be
excluded, based on the evidence.

28 I shall later in this judgment return to the Authorised Officer’s treatment
of the medical evidence and to the reasons behind the conclusions of the
Authorised Officer.

The Material Evidence before the Authorised Officer  
  

29 Before I analyse the grounds of decision of the Authorised Officer and the
impact of his reasoning on his decision making process and on the right of the
plaintiff to a fair hearing, I shall summarise the material evidence adduced
in the case against the plaintiff. The plaintiff faced three charges before
the Authorised Officer. He pleaded not guilty and claimed trial.

30 The first charge was that he slapped Christina on her cheek in the AVB
office, CID. The plaintiff told her to answer his questions truthfully. He
then asked her if she was a prostitute to which she replied she was not. He
then slapped her on her left cheek.

31 Gerson, Riza, Evangeline and Ely testified that they witnessed the
slapping.

32 The plaintiff denied slapping Christina. The other police officers, who
were in the office, testified that they did not see any of the Filipinas being
slapped. They were the 3 co-accused and Sgt Chan Kok Yeen, Stanley. He had
been in the Singapore Police Force for 8 ½ years.

33 Sgt Chan was not accused of any assault by any of the Filipinas. He was not
involved in the raid but he assisted the team in the investigations of the 8
Filipinas. He assisted in the recording of two statements. In evidence, he
stated that did not see any of the officers assaulting any of the Filipinas.
He further testified the significant point that he did not notice any injuries
on them. He also gave important evidence that he did not notice any injuries
on any of the Filipinas. None of them had complained of any assault to him. He
also did not see any girl standing on a chair. There was not even any shouting
at the girls. He had left AVB to buy food for the girls as lock-up food was
not arranged for them. After buying, he sent the 8 packets of chicken rice to
the 8 Filipinas.

34 By paragraph 19 of the defendant’s closing submissions, State Counsel made
two points. First, it was contended that “(s)ome of the assaults could very
well have taken place while Sgt Chan was still out buying their dinner.” On
the evidence, Gerson at AB74 was recorded to have given evidence of the
plaintiff slapping the three complainants, starting with Evangeline. Gerson
said: “while eating, (plaintiff) called Evangeline and told her ‘do you know
this hand of mine? I use it only for people who tell lies.’ He asked
Evangeline if she was working. She replied ‘No’. I saw him (Ng) slap
Evangeline on her face. Don’t remember which side. The same thing happened to
all of us. He called Riza, Evangeline, Christina, Ely and myself. The slaps
were hard slaps. I was slept once on my left cheek. He used his hand, but
don’t recall which one. We hardly ate the food, were barefooted and cold. Some
of the girls were brought out from the room. The only one left were myself,
Riza, Evangeline. The 3 of us were taken to another room for about 20 minutes.
We were in the earlier room for 3 hours”. That was one conjecture that did not
stand up.

35 The other point of the State Counsel was that Sgt Chan might have been at a
different place when the slapping of the 3 complainants took place. The 3
complainants were in the same room, at least according to the evidence of
Gerson, for 3 hours during which the alleged slapping took place. In my view,
it was idle to speculate. They were all in the immediate vicinity. If the
slapping had taken place, it was fair to say that Sgt Chan would have known
about it, either witnessing it personally or noticing the aftermath of the
incidents, such as cries, tears, swelling or redness and other signs of
distress on the faces of at least 6 Filipinas.

36 The Authorised Officer, in his Summary, stated thus: “Having heard all the
testimonies I am satisfied that the Filipinas were telling the truth. However,
I have to treat the testimonies of the police witnesses with caution as they
will naturally try to help or cover their colleagues.” He therefore found the
plaintiff guilty of the first charge.

37 The 3 lock-up officers, who were SSgt Roslina Bte Suandi, SSgt Tan Chee Moy
and Sgt Zaharah Bte Mustam gave evidence for the plaintiff. They gave clear
evidence that they saw no injuries on the Filipinas. The Filipinas never
complained to any of them that they had been assaulted. All of them in
response to questions stated that if there was any complaint of assault, the
procedure was to note the allegation in the station diary and notify the
Station Sergeant. The Filipinas explained that they did not do so as they were
afraid, as there were police officers in the CID.

38 In addition, SSgt Tan Chee Moy disclosed her personal position on assaults
by police during investigation. She said she did not condone officers who
assaulted anyone.

39 Admittedly, they were not present at the AVB where the alleged slapping
took place. State Counsel made two submissions. First, there was no way that
any of the lock-up officers would have seen the slapping. Secondly, they
submitted that just because the 3 officers did not notice any injuries whilst
the Filipinas were in the lock-up did not mean that the Filipinas concerned
were not slapped. I have to point out that it was never part of the case for
the plaintiff that any one of them had the occasion to witness the slapping.
The evidence of the lock-up officers were led to prove that in the absence of
tell tale signs of injuries it was unlikely that the complainants had been
slapped. I shall set out later in this judgment why I had concluded that the
Authorised Officer had disregarded the evidence of the 3 lock-up officers
because he was unfairly influenced by the notion that the police officers
concerned would naturally cover up and lie for their fellow officers against
serious charges.

40 In addition to the abovementioned evidence, the plaintiff before the
Authorised Officer relied on the evidence of 2 Tagalog interpreters. They were
Ms Maricel G. Fariola (“Maricel”) and Ms Ester Vincoy (“Ester”).

41 Maricel is a Singapore citizen, having lived here for 12 years. She is a
sworn court interpreter in Tagalog. On 18 November 1999 she reported for duty
at the AVB. She arrived at 6.45pm. She saw 5 girls seated on chairs. A few
were having dinner; some were not. She did not notice unusual expressions or
injuries. She said, as she clarified later, that the Filipinas did not
complain that they had been assaulted. She also clarified that she had told
the girls that the officers were playing and to play along with them. If she
had seen injuries, she would have lodged a police report.

42 When asked about the mood of the Filipinas, she said they had become
comfortable after their introduction. The Filipinas were seated on a row of
chairs. Maricel was standing in front of them and she spoke Tagalog. She said
no one complained that she was assaulted. If there was any complaint, she
would not keep quiet. The Filipinas were asked their occupations. One replied
she was a singer. The group got her to sing a Britney Spear number. One girl
started singing and the other joined in; one solo and one duet.

43 Maricel said she interpreted for the Filipinas. They did not seem to be
hiding their fears. They were normal during the time the statements were
taken. They were like old friends. She did not notice any fear or threat. The
girls were co-operative. They laughed and joked with the officers.

44 Maricel was told that some Filipinas had told the Authorised Officer that
they had told her they had been assaulted. She replied: ‘Not at all. If so, I
would have initiated a police report.’

45 The second charge against the plaintiff was that he slapped Riza at the AVB
office, CID. She said that the plaintiff called her and showed her his hand.
He told her to look into his eyes. He said ‘his hand is ready to slap anyone
who is lying’. He asked her how much the customer would pay her in one pub.
Then Riza told the plaintiff that he did not go with customer. Riza said
thereupon the plaintiff slapped her on the left side of her face.

46 Evangline, Ely and Gerson testified that they saw the plaintiff slap Riza.

47 The plaintiff denied the allegation. He relied on the evidence I have
recited in his defence, including the medical evidence that it was unlikely
that the swelling could still be evident after 3 days without any bruising.

48 In the third charge, the plaintiff was alleged to have slapped Gerson. I
have already recited her evidence against him. Both Evangeline and Ely
testified that they saw the plaintiff slapping her.

49 The plaintiff in his defence denied the allegations and led the evidence of
his colleagues and the evidence of the two Tagalog interpreters, both of whom
said that the Filipinas did not complain of any assault. Maricel said that in
fact the 8 Filipinas were quite relaxed and were at least, with at least two
of them singing in the evening of 18 November 1999.

The law of judicial review

50 It is instructive at this point to begin with a relevant passage from
Volume 1(1) Halsbury’s Laws of England (4th edition), 2001 Reissue, paragraph
76:

**“** The exercise of statutory powers on the basis of a mistaken view of the
relevant facts will, however, be quashed where there was no evidence available
to the decision maker on which, properly directly himself as to the law, he
could have reasonably have formed that view.”

“In other cases the statute will provide that a body is to have power or
jurisdiction where ‘it is satisfied’ of certain matters, or where certain
facts ‘appear’ to that body. In that case the court will generally only
intervene if the body’s finding that the necessary facts existed was not one
which a reasonable person, properly instructed as to the question to be
determined, could have come to…”

51**** In the case of _Associated Provincial Picture Houses Ltd v Wednesbury
Corporation_ [1947] 2 All ER 680 where the issue there was whether the
regulations made by a local authority was _ultra vires_ its authority, Lord
Greene M.R. held at page 685B:

“…the court is entitled to investigate the action of the local authority with
a view to seeing whether it has taken into account matters which it ought not
to take into account, or conversely, has refused to take into account matters
which it ought to take into account. Once that question is answered in favour
of the local authority, it may still be possible to say that the local
authority, nevertheless, have come to a conclusion so unreasonable that no
reasonable authority could ever have come to it. In such a case, I think the
court can interfere.”

52 Lord Greene M.R. in his judgment considered what could be regarded as
‘unreasonableness’, at page 682H to 683A:

“It is frequently used as a general description of the things that must not be
done. For instance, a person entrusted with a discretion must direct himself
properly in law. He must call his own attention to the matters which he is
bound to consider. he must exclude from his consideration matter which are
irrelevant to the matter that he has to consider. If he does not obey those
rules, he may truly be said, and often is said, to be acting ‘unreasonably’.
Similarly, you may have something so absurd that no sensible person could ever
dream that it lay within the powers of the authority. Warrington, L.J., I
think it was, gave the example of the red-haired teacher, dismissed because
she had red hair. That is unreasonable in one sense. In another sense it is
taking into consideration extraneous matters. It is so unreasonable that it
might almost be described as being done in bad faith. In fact, all these
things largely fall under one head.”

53 In the case of _Edwards v Bairstow and Anor_ [1956] AC 14 HL, at page 36,
Lord Radcliffe said:

“I do not think that inferences drawn from other facts are incapable of being
themselves findings of acts, although there is value in the distinction
between primary facts and inferences drawn from them. When the case comes
before the court it is its duty to examine the determination having regard to
its knowledge of the relevant law. If the case contains anything ex facie
which is bad law and which bears upon the determination, it is obviously,
erroneous in point of law. But, without such misconception appearing ex facie,
it may be that the facts found are such that no person acting judicially and
properly instructed as to the relevant law could have come to the
determination under appeal. In these circumstances, too, the court must
intervene.”

54 At pages 38 to 39, Lord Radcliffe said:

“I think it is possible that the English Courts have been led to be rather
over-ready to treat these questions as ‘pure questions of ‘fact’ … If so, I
would say, with very great respect, that I think it a pity that such a
tendency should persist. As I see it, the reasons why the courts do not
interfere with commissioners’ findings or determination of facts is not any
supposed advantage in the commissioners of greater experience in matters of
business or any other matters. The reason is simply that by the system that
has been set up the commissioners are the first tribunal to try an appeal, and
in the interest of the efficient administration of justice their decisions can
only be upset on appeal if they have been positively wrong in law. The court
is not a second opinion, where there is reasonable ground for the first. But
there is no reason to make a mystery about the subjects that commissioners
deal with or to invite the courts to impose any exceptional restraints upon
themselves because they are dealing with cases that arise out of facts found
by commissioners. Their duty is no more than to examine those facts with a
decent respect for the tribunal appealed from and if they think that the only
reasonable conclusion on the facts found is inconsistent with the
determination come to, to say so, without more ado. I agree that the appeal
should be allowed.”

55 In the case of _Wong Kim Sang & Anor v Attorney-General_ [1982] 1 MLJ 176,
Kulasekaram J at page 180I agreed with the learned Chief Justice in the case
of _V.C. Jacob v The Attorney-General_ in delivering the judgment of the Court
of Appeal, that “the High Court in the exercise of its supervisory
jurisdiction over inferior tribunals will not interfere merely on the ground
of insufficiency of evidence”.

56 Kulasekaram J at page 181A said:

“The jurisdiction over inferior tribunals is supervision and ot review. Its
supervision would be to ensure that the inferior tribunal acts within the
jurisdiction permitted by Parliament in its mandate to the tribunal. If the
tribunal on a true construction of the Act is to inquire into and finally
decide questions within a certain area, this court’s supervisory function is
to see that it makes the authorised inquiry according to natural justice and
arrives at a decision whether right or wrong. The duty of the court is
twofold:

(1) to see that the tribunal makes the right inquiry or question within its
permitted area and not outside that area, and

(2) that it acts according to natural justice in that the answer that it gives
to a right inquiry or question though it may be wrong is still an answer that
lies within its jurisdiction. In other words, it is an answer that is open to
a reasonable person to make.”

57 In the case of _Leong Kum Fatt v Attorney-General_ [1984] 2 MLJ 197, at
page 200G, Chua J considered the case of _Anisminic Ltd v Foreign Compensation
Commission_ [1969] 2 ALR 163 where Lord Pearce said at page 192:

“Further, it is assumed, unless special provisions provide otherwise, that the
tribunal will make its inquiry and decision according to the law of the land.
For that reason the courts will intervene when it is manifest from the record
that the tribunal, though keeping within its mandated area of jurisdiction,
comes to an erroneous decision through an error of law. In such cases, the
courts have intervened to correct the error.

The courts have, however, always been careful to distinguish their
intervention whether on excess of jurisdiction or error of law from an
appellate function. Their jurisdiction over inferior tribunals is supervision,
not review…

It is simply an enforcement of Parliament’s mandate to the tribunal. If the
tribunal is intended on a true construction of the Act to inquire into and
finally decide questions within a certain area, the court’s supervisory duty
is to see that it makes the authorised inquiry according to natural justice
and arrives at a decision whether right or wrong. They will intervene if the
tribunal asks itself the wrong questions (that is, questions other than those
which Parliament directed it to ask itself). But if it directs itself to the
right inquiry, asking the right questions, they will not intervene merely
because it has or may have come to the wrong answer, provided that this is an
answer that lies within its jurisdiction.”

58 In the case of _Re Yap Lack Tee George_ [1992] 1 SLR 488, LP Thean J (as he
then was), held at page 495E:

“Plainly, on a close examination of the evidence discussed in the report of
the inquiry committee, there was evidence which supported the decision of the
staff committee. It cannot be argued that the staff committee had come to a
decision so unreasonable that no reasonable committee would ever have come
to.”

59 In the case of _De Souza Lionel Jerome v Attorney-General_ [1993] 1 SLR
882, the State Counsel conceded (at page 900B) that if the evidence taken as a
whole is not reasonably capable of supporting the decision of the authorised
officer as to his finding, then the decision is ultra vires. The cases of
_Leong Kum Fatt v Attorney-General_ and _Edwards v Bairstow_ were referred to.

60 In the Hong Kong High Court case of _Chan Kim Hung v Commissioner of
Police_ [2001] 392 HKCU 1, M J Hartmann, J said at paragraph 10:

“Every professional body is entitled to apply its own professional judgment to
a case in which one of its members is called on to justify his conduct in
(allegedly) failing to observe a standard or guideline laid down by that
professional body for the protection of those dealing with members of that
professional body. It is not, in my judgment, for this court to second-guess
the professional judgment of a disciplinary committee such as this except
where it can be seen that it has plainly misread the evidence and come to a
conclusion which is contrary to the evidence of is otherwise plainly wrong.”

The Grounds of Decision of the Authorised Officer

61 After summarising the evidence, more or less containing the material
aspects as stated in this judgment, he stated the following in relation to
each of the 3 charges (with emphasis added by me):-

First charge

“109 Having heard the testimonies of the Filipinas I am satisfied that they
are telling the truth. _However I have to treat the testimonies of the police
witnesses with caution as they will naturally try to help or cover their
colleagues_ ”

“110 __ I therefore find SSgt Ng Hock Guan guilty of this charge.”

Second charge

“116 After hearing the testimonies _of the Filipinas I am satisfied_ they are
telling the truth. _However I treat the testimonies of the AVB officers with
caution as they are likely to try and help to cover their colleagues_**.**

**** **“** 117 Therefore, I find SSgt Ng Hock Guan guilty of this charge”

Third charge

“122 Having heard the testimonies of the Filipinas I am satisfied that they
are telling the truth. _On the other hand, I have to treat the testimonies of
the AVB officers with or [sic] caution as they are likely to try and help or
cover their fellow officers._ ”

“123 Therefore, I find the SSgt Ng Hock Guan guilty of this charge.”

62 The Authorised Officer indicated his approach to the evidence led by the
plaintiff in the following unmistakable terms:-

“180 The defence has produced as witnesses officers from AVB and CID lock-up
to state that they did not see any assault on the Filipinas or that no visible
injuries were seen on them. _I have to be cautious in that they are fellow
officers and colleagues who are not likely to testify against the defendants,
especially in serious charges like this case._**”**

63 There was, in my judgment, no justification for the Authorised Officers’
unmistakable view that there was such proclivities in the witnesses for the
defence. Sgt Chan and the 3 officers from the CID lock-up, who were not co-
accused, were unfairly tarnished with the same, relentless brush. He stated
that those witnesses would ‘naturally’ or were ‘likely to’ lie under oath so
as to cover up for their fellow officers. I have summarised with care the
relevant evidence given by each of them. They did not receive any complaints
from any of the Filipinas. If the Filipinas did, the lock-up officers said
without exception that they would note it in the Station Diary and the Station
Sergeant would have been informed. Ms Maricel had graphically described the
air of calm and some merriment amongst the Filipinas during the entire period
she was at the AVB interpreting for them. On the Authorised Officer’s view of
the tendency of the police witnesses, as well as the unsubstantiated
collateral motive of Maricel, the independent Tagalog interpreter, he
disbelieved all the evidence of the defence.

64 In my judgment, the Authorised Officer’s statements highlighted in this
judgment, which directly led to his decision to find the plaintiff guilty of
all 3 charges, was irrational and one which no rational and fair-minded
arbiter properly directing himself would have made. It was “a decision so
unreasonable that no reasonable authorised officer would ever have come to”
(per LP Thean J. [as he then was] in _Re Yap Lack Tee George_).

65 On reading through the record of the proceedings and the grounds of
decision, I was ineluctably driven to the conclusion that as a consequence of
the prejudicial and wholly unsupportable notion entertained by the Authorised
Officer against the police colleagues of the plaintiff, and a civilian
colleague, as witnesses for a colleague facing a charge under the Police
Regulations, the Authorised Officer’s treatment of the independent evidence of
Dr Teo Eng Swee and of the evidence of Maricel was seriously impaired.

66 After summarising the evidence of Dr Teo, the Authorised Officer said in
paragraph 175 of his Grounds: “My view is that the medical reports are only
supporting evidence. My decisions are not based solely on the medical reports
only. There are testimonies of the victims and witnesses and other evidence
which are taken into consideration”. Although none of the doctors who wrote
the medical reports gave evidence, and were not subjected to cross
examination, the Authorised Officer nevertheless regarded them as “supporting”
evidence. This meant, in effect, that he did not accept the uncontroverted
evidence of Dr Teo. Dr Teo’s evidence clearly painted the scenario that the
injuries could equally have been self-inflicted and he cast grave doubts about
the swelling on the cheeks of Riza and Gerson, as I had recited above. The
evidential value of all the medical reports had been demolished by the
uncontroverted expert evidence of Dr Teo and yet they were treated as
“supporting” evidence by the Authorised Officer.

The Defendant’s submissions

67**** I now turn to the submissions of the defendant, which I had considered
before I formed the views referred to above. First, I was urged to give some
allowance when reviewing the grounds of the Authorised Officer. I certainly
did not expect the Authorised Officer to deliver a set of grounds similar in
quality as that of a professional judge. But I expected fairness. I thought it
was beyond argument that an adjudicator must not bring to bear any
prejudicial, unsubstantiated notions of any proclivities. He must always act
on the evidence; he certainly could not be permitted to rely on tendencies,
natural or otherwise, and proclivities of witnesses of any description. In
this case, it was not a case of any inconsequential or understandable
inelegance of language. The Authorised Officer did not give the plaintiff the
right that evidence led in his defence would be given fair and reasonable
treatment. All the evidence were swept aside because there was a tendency to
perjure and cover up for colleagues.

68 It was further submitted that the Authorised Officer was entitled to treat
the evidence of the 4 accused persons and of Sgt Chan with caution. In
relation to the evidence of Sgt Chan, it was argued that “if he was present at
the relevant time, and failed to stop or report the assaults, he would have
been implicated and would have had a vested interest in covering for the
plaintiff.” This argument begged the question whether there were in fact any
assaults. I did not think this circular argument was valid. It was also highly
speculative of the ‘vested interest’ of Sgt Chan. In any event, the Authorised
Officer entertained the view, which he articulated in clear terms, that there
was a tendency to perjure and cover up by the AVB officers and the 3 CID lock-
up officers. That wholly unreasonable view, in my judgment, precluded any
reasonable consideration of the entire evidence led by the plaintiff in his
own defence in the proceedings before the Authorised Officer.

69 The point was further made that Sgt Chan’s evidence was of limited weight
as “(s)ome of the assaults could very well have taken place while Sgt Chan was
still out buying their dinner.” This submission did not accord with the record
of evidence. So far as the evidence against the plaintiff were concerned, the
alleged assaults took place after the food had been bought and the alleged
victims were eating or about to eat their chicken rice.

70 Further, it was submitted that the evidence of Sgt Chan that he did not see
any injuries on the Filipinas, like those of the 3 CID lock up officers, “did
not per se mean that the Filipino women were not slapped”. Well, if they had
not been disregarded by the prejudiced view of the alleged proclivities of
witnesses, they would have been some objective, third party evidence which
should have assumed greater evidential value if considered in the light of Dr
Teo’s evidence. On any view, these are rather acute points presented in
arguments which, in fact, never crossed the mind of the Authorised Officer.

71 I now refer to the submission that the Authorised Officer had other grounds
as set out in paragraph 178 of the grounds of decision for disbelieving Ms
Maricel. Paragraph 178 stated:

“178 The reason why she did not see any assault could be because Filipinas
(sic) were brought to the CID at about 1600 hrs while Ms Maricel reached at
about 1845 hrs. Considerable part of questioning (sic) was done before she
came. It could also be because she was shuttling from office to office to help
the officers recording statements. The defendants may have been careful not to
assault when Ms Maricel was present.”

72 This paragraph prompted a number of comments. First, it completely missed
the purport of Ms Maricel’s evidence. She did not give any evidence of having
seen any of the 3 assaults. She gave evidence of the absence of any tell-tale
signs of the assaults. She also gave evidence of the singing by two of the
Filipinas and the generally relaxed behaviour of the 8 Filipinas. There were
no complaints of any assaults. Secondly, in this paragraph, the Authorised
Officer was speculating on the possible reasons why Ms Maricel had not seen
the assaults. The Authorised Officer, with respect, was erecting skittles and
promptly knocking them down. It was evident that Ms Maricel’s evidence
presented serious difficulties to the Authorised Officer who had concluded
that there was a collegiate cover up and perjury.

73 Finally, I refer to the direct conflict of evidence between Ms Maricel and
those of the 3 victims. The 3 victims had claimed in evidence that they had
told Ms Maricel of the assaults. Ms Maricel denied having been told by them.
It was submitted on behalf of the defendant that the conflict of evidence
might have been due to a misunderstanding, or a failure in communication. At
the very worst, it was also submitted that it merely affected the credibility
of the 3 victims which did not materially affect the totality of the evidence
led by the prosecution below. I did not think that this was a difference
merely in the evaluation of evidence. It was much more serious than that: the
plaintiff as the defendant below was denied his right to a fair and reasonable
consideration of his defence by reason of the preconceived notion that there
was a tendency in collegiate cover-up and perjury. That fundamental error
tainted the entire proceedings below.

Conclusions

74 In the law of judicial review, a few principles are well established.
First, the court is exercising its supervisory function and is not sitting in
its appellate capacity during which there is a new trial, except that there is
no viva voce evidence taken once again. A court therefore does not come to
findings of its own to replace those of the tribunal against the decision of
which judicial review is sought. Secondly, the correctness or otherwise of a
tribunal’s decision is not in issue. That decision is left by the enabling
legislation to a tribunal or a statutory person such as the Authorised
Officer. In _Mohan Singh v Attorney-General_ [1987] 2 MLJ 595 I would like to
think that I held the line rather firmly against judicial activism under the
guise of judicial review.

75 In the context of this case, I was very mindful that I was not concerned
with the sufficiency of the evidence or the weight given to such evidence by
the Authorised Officer.

76 I was here concerned with a review of the decision making process in
general and in particular the approach adopted by the Authorised Officer in
his articulated view that the police officers in question and Maricel, the
Tagalog interpreter, were inclined or predisposed to perjure themselves just
to cover up for their colleagues or, as in the case Maricel, the undisputable
suggestion was that she had lied just to maintain her retainer as a Tagalog
interpreter by the CID. In other words, she lied in order to remain in the
good books of CID officers by covering up their unlawful acts.

77 The consequence of such an unfair approach is quite clear. How is an anti-
vice officer, in a similar position as the plaintiff, able to demonstrate his
innocence and successfully defend himself against any unwarranted charge made
against him by a group of suspects for vice activities or for living on the
immoral earnings of prostitutes, if the adjudicating officer starts off and
always hold the view that colleagues would cover up for fellow colleagues and
perjure themselves? It must be quite evident that usually in the course of
police interviews the witnesses who can give evidence for an interviewing or
interrogating officer, who is accused of assault or any other unlawful act,
are usually, if not always, colleagues.

78 It is not justifiable to say that these witnesses are fellow officers and
colleagues who are not likely to testify against a fellow officer who is
accused, any more than it is to say that fellow suspects will give false
evidence by covering for their fellow suspects.

79 A fortiori, if a witness is independent, such as Maricel, it is not at all
defensible to conclude, by mere speculation, that a witness would perjure just
to retain her employment.

80 The mindset or mental predisposition of the Authorised Officer was also
remarkable when he came to treat the evidence of the complainants and their
witnesses. All of them who had testified against the plaintiff, except Maria,
were under investigation for prostitution or running a place of assignation.
Any tribunal should view their evidence with caution, and with more caution
when objectively ascertainable evidence are presented to rebut their
collective oral evidence. Whilst the Authorised Officer’s view that ‘they (the
Filipinas) were telling the truth’ should ordinarily be accorded great respect
and weight, in my judgment it had to be set aside if the view had been arrived
at in a manner which effectively and in substance denied the plaintiff the
right that evidence led in his defence should be fairly considered, without
taking into account wholly unproven proclivities on the part of police
officers and on the part of, for e.g. a Tagalog interpreter, to cover up and
perjure themselves just to save their colleagues from the law taking its
course. Dr Teo’s evidence was not accorded the importance as a result of the
prejudicial view taken by the Authorised Officer.

81 For these reasons, I made the orders I did.****

Plaintiff’s claim for reliefs allowed  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Nov 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

