Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## PT Tugu Pratama Indonesia v Magma Nusantara Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 204

Case Number | : | OM 9/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kenneth Tan, SC, with Wang Wei Chi (Kenneth Tan Partnership) for the Applicant; Michael Hwang, SC, with Ernest Wee (Michael Hwang SC) for the Respondent   
Parties | : |  PT Tugu Pratama Indonesia — Magma Nusantara Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Agreement – Scope – Whether parties had agreed to arbitrate
disputes over insurer's maximum liability under insurance policy  
  
Arbitration – Arbitral tribunal – Jurisdiction – Whether arbitral tribunal
exceeded jurisdiction in awarding costs of preliminary hearing to one party
where arbitration agreement prescribed that expense of appraisal should be
borne by parties equally  
  
Arbitration – Arbitral tribunal – Jurisdiction – Whether arbitral tribunal had
jurisdiction over dispute between parties  
  
Arbitration – Award – Interim award – Ancillary orders made by arbitral
tribunal in interim award – Whether court has power under art 16(3) of the
UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration to set aside such
ancillary orders  
  

**Introduction**

1 This is an application under Article 16(3) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on
International Commercial Arbitration (‘the Model Law’) for the following
relief:

(a) a declaration that the arbitral tribunal constituted in SIAC arbitration
no. 019 of 2002 has no jurisdiction over the dispute between the applicant, PT
Tugu Pratama Indonesia (‘PT Tugu’) and the respondent, Magma Nusantara Limited
(‘MNL’); and

(b) an order setting aside the Interim Award on preliminary issues dated 13
March 2003 made by the said tribunal whereby the tribunal found that it did
have jurisdiction over the stated dispute.

The ground of the application is that no valid arbitration agreement was
concluded between PT Tugu and MNL that referred the dispute between the
parties to arbitration in Singapore.

**Background**

2 PT Tugu carries on business in Indonesia as an insurance company. In 1998,
it issued a policy of insurance which covered MNL for, amongst other matters,
Onshore Well Control in respect of the Wayang Windu Contract Area for the
period 1 January 1998 to 31 December 1998 (‘the Policy’). It is PT Tugu’s
position that the limit of its liability under the Policy is US$2.5 million
whereas MNL maintains that that limit is US$10 million.

3 For the purposes of this judgment, the most important provisions of the
Policy are clauses 3.15 and 3.18. These read as follows:

3.15 SUIT AGAINST INSURER

It is a condition of this Insurance that no suit action or proceeding for the
recovery of any claim hereunder shall be maintainable in any court of law or
equity unless the same be commenced within two years and one day after the
time a cause of action accrues provided however that if by the laws of the
state or nation of the address of the Insured shown herein such limitation is
invalid then any such claim shall be void unless such action or suit or
proceeding be commenced within the shortest limit of the time permitted by the
laws of such state or nation.

3.18 ARBITRATION

In case the Insured and the Insurer shall fail to agree as to any matter
arising under this Policy each shall, on written demand, select a competent
and disinterested appraiser. The appraisers shall first select a competent and
disinterested umpire, and failing for 15 (fifteen) days to agree upon such
umpire, then on request of the Insured or the Insurer, such umpire shall be
selected by a judge of an Indonesian Court/ Jurisdiction. The appraisers shall
then appraise the loss or damage, stating separately sound value and loss or
damage to each item and failing to agree shall submit their differences only
to the umpire. An award in writing so itemized, of any two when filed with the
Insurer shall determine the amount of sound value and loss or damage. Each
appraiser shall be paid by the party selecting him and the expense of
appraisal and the umpire shall be paid by the parties equally.

It is PT Tugu’s position that as no court proceedings were commenced by MNL
within two years and one day of the incident described below, MNL’s claim
under the Policy, if any, is time barred. MNL on the other hand says that cl
3.15 is not applicable to bar its claim as there is a valid arbitration
proceeding afoot.

4 On 30 March 1998, one of MNL’s geothermal wells blew out causing MNL to
suffer a loss of more than US$12.5 million. Subsequently, MNL made a claim
under the Policy for US$10 million. In December 1998, PT Tugu paid MNL US$2
million towards settlement of its claim on the basis that the Policy limit was
only US$2.5 million. MNL did not accept that that was the end of the matter
and on 6 October 1999 it served PT Tugu with a document entitled ‘Notice of
Arbitration’ to which PT Tugu replied by letter on 14 October 1999. The main
point at issue in this application is as to the true effect of the notice and
the reply. These documents must therefore be set out in full.

5 The document sent out by MNL read:

NOTICE OF ARBITRATION

Policy of Insurance No. P-98102

Date of Policy: 10 March 1998

Nature of Incident: Geothermal Well Blowout

Place of Incident: Gunung Wayang and Gunung Windu, Pangalengan, Jawa Barat,
Indonesia

Date of Incident: 30 March 1998

We refer to the above incident and our claim under the above policy first
notified to you on 6 April 1998 for well control costs and redrilling expenses
incurred by Magma Nusantara Limited in respect of that incident.

We acknowledge receipt of the sum of US$2,000,000 from you in part payment of
our claim. We claim the further sum of US$7,900,000 representing the limit of
your liability of US$10,000,000 under the policy in respect of our claim, less
the deductible sum of US$100,000 and the sum of US$2,000,000 paid to date. We
reserve our position to claim interest on all sums paid and payable by you in
respect of our claim.

We refer to our previous correspondence and your contention, which we reject,
that the limit of your liability under the policy in respect of our claim is
US$2,500,000 and that the deductible sum is US$50,000 as opposed to a limit of
US$10,000,000 and a deductible sum of US$100,000. The limit of your liability
and the deductible to be applied under the policy in respect of our claim are
therefore in dispute. In accordance with Clause 3.18 of the policy we propose
to refer that dispute to arbitration for resolution.

In accordance with the terms of Clause 3.18 of the policy we hereby serve
notice upon you to select an appraiser to act in the resolution of the dispute
by arbitration. We require you to notify us of the name, address, telephone
and facsimile number of your appointed appraiser by 5:00 p.m. local Jakarta
time by Friday 15th October 1999.

Further, we would propose that the arbitration should be:

1\. resolved in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore
International Arbitration Centre;

2\. conducted in the English language and

3\. situated in Singapore.

Please confirm your agreement to these proposals by 5:00 p.m. local Jakarta
time by Friday 15th October 1999.

6 PT Tugu’s reply stated:

We refer to your ‘Notice of Arbitration’ dated 6 October 1999 and confirm
TPI’s acceptance of your proposal that this matter be resolved by arbitration
in Singapore (conducted in the English language) subject to the Arbitration
Rules of the S.I.A.C. For the sake of good order, we suggest that the parties’
agreement on these and other matters relevant to the proposed arbitration is
recorded in a formal Submission to Arbitration along the lines of the enclosed
largely standard-form draft.

Once the terms of the Submission to Arbitration have been agreed, we can
proceed with the appointment or arbitrators and thereafter seek appropriate
directions as to the service of written submissions, exchange of documents etc
and the timetable of the proceedings. Since the main issue between us relates
solely to the applicable policy limit and deductible, we believe that the
involvement of the appraisers in this instance is unlikely to be necessary.

We look forward to hearing from you with your comment.

7 The document attached to the above reply was entitled ‘Submission to
Arbitration’. It was signed by PT Tugu and contained a space for MNL’s
signature. The meat of the document is contained in the second paragraph which
provides:

We, the parties hereto now agree that the arbitration agreement set out in
Section 2, item 3.18 of the Contract shall for all purposes be superceded
_(sic)_ and replaced by the following arbitration agreement:

1\. All and any disputes and differences that have arisen or may arise out of
or in connection with the Contract including any question regarding its
existence, validity, termination or performance thereof shall be referred for
final resolution by arbitration in Singapore in accordance with the SIAC Rules
1997 which rules are deemed to be incorporated herein.

2\. The tribunal shall consist of 3 arbitrators: each party appointing one
arbitrator and the third arbitrator to be jointly appointed by the 2
arbitrators appointed.

3\. The language of the arbitration shall be English.

4\. The law of the arbitration shall be the International Arbitration Act 1994
(Cap 143A).

5\. The proper law of the Contract shall be English law.

6\. All awards of the arbitral tribunal shall be final and binding and
judgment thereon may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction.

8 MNL did not respond to PT Tugu’s letter. It did not sign the Submission to
Arbitration nor did it do anything to further the arbitration for many months.
More than two years later, on 11 March 2002, PT Tugu revoked the proposal
contained in its October 1999 letter. The next day, MNL’s solicitors responded
by stating that the Submission to Arbitration had been signed by MNL. PT Tugu
did not agree that such signature evidenced a valid acceptance of its proposal
as the same had been revoked before receipt of acceptance. By the time the
matter came for hearing before me, MNL was no longer contending that it had
signed the ‘Submission to Arbitration’ whilst PT Tugu’s offer was still open
for acceptance.

9 In the meantime, on 12 March 2002, MNL had sent a request for arbitration to
the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (‘SIAC’) thus purporting to
progress the arbitration in Singapore. In the following months, MNL nominated
its arbitrator and PT Tugu (without prejudice to its contention that the
tribunal had no jurisdiction over the dispute) nominated a co-arbitrator. The
co-arbitrators then jointly appointed a presiding arbitrator so that the
tribunal consisted of three arbitrators.

10 The tribunal issued directions in October 2002 directing that three
preliminary issues were to be determined first. The first of these issues was
whether there was a valid arbitration agreement between PT Tugu and MNL that
referred the dispute to arbitration in Singapore and conferred jurisdiction on
the tribunal.

11 The parties agreed that Indonesian law was the substantive law of the
Policy. Subsequently, the parties filed the reports of their respective
experts on Indonesian law who were one Mr Umar for PT Tugu and one Mr Tumbuan
for MNL. A hearing took place in January 2003 and the experts gave oral
evidence and were cross-examined. In the course of the hearing, it was
conceded and agreed by the parties that the tribunal was properly constituted
and had jurisdiction to determine the three preliminary issues. At the same
time, counsel for PT Tugu reserved its right on the issue of the composition
of the tribunal to preside during the arbitration of the substantive issue,
should the tribunal find that it had jurisdiction to determine the three
preliminary issues. The award on the preliminary issues was made on 13 March
2003. Apart from finding that it had jurisdiction, the arbitral tribunal found
that Singapore law was the arbitral law, that Indonesian law was the
substantive law of the Policy and that the proceedings were not time barred by
reason of cl 3.15 of the Policy. The tribunal ordered PT Tugu to pay MNL’s
costs of arbitrating the preliminary issues.

**Application and issues**

12 The Model Law, when it comes to questions relating to the jurisdiction of
the arbitral tribunal, gives a party who is questioning such jurisdiction two
opportunities to challenge the jurisdiction. The first is before the appointed
arbitral tribunal itself. The second opportunity, which can only be taken
after the first challenge before the tribunal has failed in that the tribunal
has given a ruling that it has jurisdiction, is an application to the High
Court to decide on the matter. This is the right given to parties to an
arbitration by Article 16(3) of the Model Law and this is the right that PT
Tugu invoked by filing this application. PT Tugu also wishes the court to
determine whether the tribunal should have ordered it to pay MNL’s costs of
arbitrating the preliminary issues.

13 PT Tugu’s case that the tribunal has no jurisdiction over the dispute is
based on the assertion that there was never any agreement between PT Tugu and
MNL to refer the dispute to arbitration before the tribunal in Singapore. It
does not accept that cl 3.18 of the Policy was an agreement to arbitrate a
dispute of this nature. It further contends that, in any event, the
arbitration did not take place under cl 3.18. The second main point is that
there was no agreement between PT Tugu and MNL in their exchanges of 6 and 14
October 1999 or at all to amend cl 3.18 and refer the dispute to arbitration
in Singapore since PT Tugu’s letter was a counterproposal and not an
acceptance of MNL’s offer.

14 MNL’s reply is straightforward. It asserts that cl 3.18 of the Policy is an
arbitration clause and that it covers the substantive matter in dispute
between the parties. Clause l 3.15 does not impact the applicability of cl
3.18. It further says that by its letter of 6 October 1999, it commenced
arbitration proceedings pursuant to cl 3.18 and in addition made three
proposals in relation to the conduct of the arbitration. The reply PT Tugu
gave on 14 October was an acceptance of these proposals to modify the
arbitration proceedings and as a result it was agreed between the parties that
what was actually a cl 3.18 proceeding would take place in Singapore in
accordance with the rules of the SIAC and be conducted in English.

15 The two main issues that I have to consider therefore involve determining:

(1) the nature and effect of cl 3.18 and 3.15 of the Policy and how they
affect each other;

(2) the nature and effect of MNL’s letter of 6 October 1999 and PT Tugu’s
reply of 14 October 1999.

_First issue: Construction of cl 3.18 and 3.15 of the Policy_

16 It is PT Tugu’s submission that cl 3.18 provides for arbitration in a
highly limited situation. It contemplates the appointment of appraisers, whose
function relates to stating the sound value and loss or damage to any item
insured under the Policy in the event that the insurer and the insured are
unable to agree upon the value of such loss. The clause is confined to
valuation of claims and does not purport to extend to defining the nature or
extent of cover under the Policy. The subject dispute which is whether PT
Tugu’s maximum liability is US$10 million or US$2.5 million, clearly does not
fall within cl 3.18.

17 Instead, says PT Tugu, the dispute falls within cl 3.15 which sets out the
time period during which suits can be maintainable in courts of law or equity.
PT Tugu’s expert, Mr Umar, opined that cl 3.15 was in fact the general regime
for the resolution of disputes under the Policy. PT Tugu’s argument is that
the construction given to cl 3.18 by the tribunal ie that it (and not cl 3.15)
provided the general regime for resolution of disputes arising under the
Policy, is a construction that could render cl 3.15 redundant. As accepted by
the tribunal, under Indonesian law, specifically Articles 3 and 11(1) of Law
No. 30 of 1999, the courts have no jurisdiction to try disputes between
parties bound by an arbitration agreement. If all disputes against the insurer
were to be referred to arbitration by appraisers under cl 3.18, the courts
would have no jurisdiction over any disputes by the insured against the
insurer under the Policy.

18 MNL puts up a procedural objection to this argument. MNL says that PT Tugu
cannot make the argument because it was not raised in the statement of defence
filed in the arbitration. MNL did not push this contention in its oral
arguments and rightly so because I see no reason why my consideration of the
issue is to be limited by what was pleaded by the parties in the arbitration
proceedings. This hearing under Article 16(3) is not by way of appeal against
the decision of the tribunal. The relevant portion of Article 16(3) reads:

If the arbitral tribunal rules as a preliminary question that it has
jurisdiction, any party may request … the court … to decide the matter.

Accordingly, the court makes an independent determination on the issue of
jurisdiction and is not constrained in any way by the findings or the
reasoning of the tribunal. In the same way, parties are not limited to
rehearsing before the court the contentions put before the tribunal but are
entitled to put forward new arguments on the issue and the court is entitled
to consider these.

19 On the substantive point, MNL submits that cl 3.18 is a valid arbitration
clause which deals with ‘ _any matter_ ’ in dispute ‘ _under the Policy_ ’.
Further, the clause is clearly headed ‘ _Arbitration_ ’ and there is no
interpretation clause in the Policy negating reliance on headings. Clause 3.18
requires MNL to refer any matter in dispute to arbitration and there is no
requirement to read cl 3.18 as subservient to cl 3.15 or to link the two
clauses. In contrast, cl 3.15 cannot be ‘the general regime for the resolution
of disputes under the Policy’. It is headed ‘ _Suit against Insurer_ ’, and is
expressly a time-bar clause applying only to litigation. It does not say that
all claims have to be filed in court, merely that no claims can be filed in
court after a certain period. The clause also does not address the situation
of a ‘Suit by Insurer’ against the insured under the Policy, for example, non-
payment of premium or a declaration of no liability. Such a dispute would have
to be brought by PT Tugu in arbitration under the ‘any matter’ provision in cl
3.18.

20 I find the arguments of MNL on this issue persuasive. The first sentence of
cl 3.18 does not limit the type of dispute that the clause governs. The phrase
‘any matter arising under this Policy’ is in the widest possible terms and
although the sentence then goes on to provide that the parties must each
appoint an ‘appraiser’ to determine the dispute between them, the use of the
word ‘appraiser’ cannot by itself mean that the proceedings that the
appraisers conduct will not be arbitration proceedings. The strongest support
for PT Tugu’s argument comes from the third and fourth sentences of the
clause. They read:

The appraisers shall then appraise the loss or damage, stating separately
sound value and loss or damage to each item and failing to agree shall submit
their differences only to the umpire. An award in writing so itemized, of any
two when filed with the Insurer shall determine the amount of sound value and
loss or damage.

It might appear from those sentences that the function of the appraisers would
be merely that of valuers apportioning a monetary value to the loss or damage
allegedly sustained. That, however, cannot be the case. Bearing in mind the
business of the insured and the type of risk covered by the Policy, not all
the disputes that the insured and the insurer might have with each other
regarding loss or damage could be anticipated to be merely monetary. Whilst
the appraisers may in some instances perform merely a valuation function,
there may very well be situations in which, in respect of a particular claim
before the monetary value of the same can be assessed, it will have to be
decided whether that claim actually falls within the cover provided by the
policy and the appraisers would therefore have to determine that point first
before going on to value the loss. It is, therefore, clearly within the
contemplation of the clause that in order to decide what the loss or damage
claimed is and to appraise it in monetary terms, the appraisers could well be
called upon to act as arbitrators to determine whether the particular claim
was even covered by the Policy and if it was, to what extent it was covered.

21 The language of cl 3.18 is, accordingly, wide enough to cover both a
valuation function and an arbitral function on the part of the appraisers. As
MNL pointed out, _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ (4th Ed) vol 49(1), 1996 makes
it clear that the terms ‘valuer’ and ‘appraiser’ have similar meanings and
that someone who is called a valuer and is appointed to resolve a dispute
between two parties may act as an arbitrator in reaching his decision (at ¶
401 and 410). It is also relevant that Mr Umar, PT Tugu’s expert, stated in
his evidence that the process that is contemplated under cl 3.18 is an
arbitration leading to an enforceable award.

22 Whilst the opening sentence of cl 3.18 makes it plain that that clause is
intended to cover any sort of argument that the insured and the insurer might
have with each other in relation to the Policy and the later sentences of the
clause are capable of a wide enough interpretation so as not to undermine the
purpose disclosed by the first sentence, the same is not the case with cl
3.15. That clause plainly serves only a limited purpose. It does not say that
all claims have to be filed in court but merely that no claims can be filed in
court after a certain period. Secondly, it applies only to suits brought
against the insurer by the insured, indeed it is entitled ‘Suit Against
Insurer’. It does not apply to a situation in which the insurer wishes to
commence action for non-payment of premium or a declaration of no liability.
Clause 3.15 is too limited to be read as a clause that is intended to provide
a general regime for dispute resolution.

23 Finally, on this issue, there is the argument that cl 3.15 would be
rendered redundant if cl 3.18 is found to be the general dispute resolution
clause. The response is two-fold. First, cl 3.15 may be interpreted as
applying the time bar of two years and one day to arbitration proceedings as
well. Secondly, even if it does not have that effect and thus would truly be
rendered redundant in the circumstances mentioned, as it is a time bar clause
and one drafted by the insurer for its protection, it has to be approached
from the _contra proferentum_ perspective and the court must therefore still
give it a strict interpretation notwithstanding that to do so will emasculate
it entirely. In this connection it is relevant that Mr Tumbuan’s evidence was
that the _contra proferentum_ principle is part of Indonesian law in the form
of Article 1349 of the Indonesian Civil Code which provides that:

In the event of ambiguity, an agreement shall be interpreted to the
disadvantage of the one who stipulated something, and to the advantage of the
one who has bound himself to it.

24 It therefore appears to me on a consideration of the Policy that it
contained an arbitration clause capable of applying to the dispute between PT
Tugu and MNL on the monetary limit of the cover provided by the Policy and
that therefore MNL was entitled, and indeed bound, to invoke that clause in
order to resolve the dispute on this issue.

_Second issue: (a) what was the nature and effect of the correspondence
exchanged on 6 and 14 October 1999?_

25 In respect of the second issue, PT Tugu has a number of contentions. The
first main one is that its letter of 14 October 1999 was only a counter
proposal and not an acceptance of MNL’s proposals of 6 October 1999 and
neither piece of correspondence resulted in an enforceable arbitration
agreement.

26 In this connection, PT Tugu takes the position that MNL’s letter was a
proposal to it to refer the dispute to arbitration in accordance with the
terms stated. These were that:

(1) arbitration take place under cl 3.18 and that PT Tugu select its own
appraiser; and

(2) the arbitration be resolved in accordance with the SIAC Rules, conducted
in the English language and situated in Singapore.

PT Tugu says it did not accept these proposals but by its reply of 14 October
counter proposed the terms under which it would refer the dispute to
arbitration. PT Tugu’s specific counter proposal was that any reference to
arbitration be based on the enclosed document entitled ‘Submission to
Arbitration’ which was to supersede and replace cl 3.18. The differences
between MNL’s proposal and PT Tugu’s were that the tribunal was to consist of
three arbitrators (instead of the two appraisers and umpire specified by cl
3.18), the law of arbitration was to be the International Arbitration Act
(under cl 3.18 Indonesian law governed the arbitration) and that the proper
law of the Policy was to be English law.

27 PT Tugu further submits that in the exchanges of 6 and 14 October, MNL and
itself were still negotiating on the terms of a new Submission to Arbitration.
On the face of PT Tugu’s letter, it had rejected MNL’s proposed terms and made
a significantly different counter proposal. There was a accordingly no
agreement to arbitrate the dispute following PT Tugu’s letter. PT Tugu relies
on the evidence of Mr Umar that its letter of 14 October was not an acceptance
of MNL’s proposals but was instead a counter proposal and rejects Mr Tumbuan’s
evidence to the opposite effect. It also relies on two Singapore decisions
_The Benja Bhum_ [1994] 1 SLR 88 and _Star Trans Far East Pte Ltd v Norske-
Tech Ltd & Ors_ [1996] 2 SLR 409 for the principle that where parties are
still negotiating the terms of any reference to arbitration, there can be no
valid agreement to arbitrate.

28 I start by considering MNL’s letter of 6 October. The first important point
about this letter is that it is headed ‘Notice of Arbitration’. It then goes
on to give the details of the Policy, the nature, place and date of the
incident and to refer to the claim under the Policy that was first notified on
6 April 1998, and the payment received of US$2 million and to state that MNL
claims a further sum of US$7.9 million representing the limit of PT Tugu’s
liability under the Policy less the deductible and the amount already paid. In
the third paragraph of the letter, MNL states that the limit of the liability
and the deductibility to be applied under the Policy were in dispute and ‘in
accordance with clause 3.18 of the Policy we propose to refer that dispute to
arbitration’. In the fourth paragraph of the letter, MNL referring to cl 3.18
serves notice on PT Tugu to select an appraiser to act in the resolution of
the dispute by arbitration.

29 From the first four paragraphs of MNL’s letter, it is plain to me that what
it was seeking to do was to commence an arbitration under cl 3.18 of the
Policy. It specifically gave notice of such intention by the heading of the
letter, it then identified the arbitration clause and the dispute between the
parties and the fourth paragraph was unequivocal: PT Tugu was asked to appoint
its appraiser by 5pm on Friday, 15 October 1999. Since, as I have held, cl
3.18 was a valid arbitration clause that applied to the dispute between the
parties, in my view, by these paragraphs, MNL effectively commenced
arbitration proceedings under cl 3.18 of the Policy on 6 October 1999.

30 I note from the submissions that under Indonesian law arbitration can only
be commenced if the party who wants to do so follows Article 8 of Law No. 30
of 1999. This law (as translated) provides:

**Law No. 30 of 1999**

**Article 8**

(1) In the event that a dispute arises, the Claimant shall inform the
Respondent by registered letter, telegram, telex, fax, e-mail, or by courier
that the conditions for arbitration to be entered into by the Claimant and
Respondent are applicable

(2) The notification of Arbitration, as contemplated in paragraph (1), shall
expressly state at least the following:

(a) The names and addresses of the parties;

(b) Reference to the applicable arbitration clause or agreement;

(c) The agreement or matter being the subject of the dispute;

(d) The basis for the claim and the amount claimed, if any;

(e) The method of resolution desired; and

(f) The agreement entered into by the parties concerning the number of
arbitrators or, if no such agreement has been entered into, the Claimant may
propose the total number of arbitrators, provided such is an odd number.

31 A simple comparison between the contents of the 6 October letter and the
contents of Article 8 is sufficient to satisfy one that the letter meets all
the requirements of Article 8 in relation to starting an arbitration. No
submission was made on behalf of PT Tugu that any requirement of Article 8 had
not been met by the letter. That being the case, it appears to me that under
Indonesian law, quite apart from my own interpretation of it, the 6 October
letter effectively gave notice of arbitration under cl 3.18.

32 The last two paragraphs of the letter are, in effect, what led to all the
later difficulties. In the penultimate paragraph, MNL proposed what were later
referred to as the ‘three add-ons’ which were that the arbitration should be
resolved in accordance with the Rules of SIAC, conducted in English and
situated in Singapore. The question is whether by making this proposal MNL was
proposing a new arbitration agreement to take the place of that contained in
cl 3.18 or whether it was simply proposing a change of seat. Having regard to
the explicit nature of the first four paragraphs of the letter in particular
the specific references to cl 3.18 and the care that had been taken to ensure
that the requirements of Law No. 30 were complied with, I cannot regard the
last two paragraphs as a proposal to jettison cl 3.18 entirely in favour of a
new arbitration agreement. Those paragraphs must be read as a proposal to
change the seat of arbitration only from Jakarta to Singapore under the SIAC
Rules.

33 That being the case, what was PT Tugu’s position when it received the 6th
October letter? As arbitration proceedings pursuant to the arbitration
agreement contained in cl 3.18 had been properly started, PT Tugu had the
choice of either stating that it did not accept the three add-ons but required
the arbitration to proceed in strict accordance with cl 3.18 or of stating
that it accepted the change of seat proposal. It could not reject the
commencement of the proceedings completely as it was bound by cl 3.18. What
did PT Tugu in fact do by its response of 14 October?

34 The first sentence of this letter stated:

We refer to your ‘Notice of Arbitration’ dated 6 October 1999 and confirm
TPI’s [PT Tugu’s] acceptance of your proposal that this matter be resolved by
arbitration in Singapore (conducted in the English language) subject to the
Arbitration Rules of the S.I.A.C.

As MNL submits, a plain reading of this sentence would lead one to believe
that PT Tugu accepted that _this matter_ (namely the dispute identified in the
Notice of Arbitration) be resolved by _arbitration in Singapore_ (conducted in
the English language) _subject to_ the Arbitration Rules of the SIAC. These
were the three add-ons proposed by MNL. They were specifically expressed in
the first sentence of the letter and accepted. It appears that by the first
sentence itself there was a concluded agreement for the change of seat since
the three add-ons were accepted without any condition. Does the next sentence
of the letter make a difference? This reads:

For the sake of good order, we suggest that the parties’ agreement on these
and other matters relevant to the proposed arbitration is recorded in a formal
Submission to Arbitration along the lines of the enclosed largely standard-
form draft.

If PT Tugu had intended by the second sentence to detract from the
unconditional acceptance conveyed by the first sentence, it chose the wrong
words to reflect such an intention. The usual interpretation of words like
‘for the sake of good order’ is that they convey a pleasantry and have no
adverse impact on what has gone before. What is being suggested by this phrase
and the rest of the sentence is that the agreement on the three add-ons and on
other matters relevant to the proposed arbitration be _recorded_ in a formal
document. Such a recording of what had been agreed may be helpful but is not
necessary to make the agreement legally effective. All that was required was
an unconditional acceptance of an offer. This had occurred in the first
sentence and there was nothing in the second sentence to detract from this
acceptance. There was not even a suggestion that the contents of the draft
Submission to Arbitration were in any way substantially different from what
had been proposed by MNL in its 6 October letter.

35 The first paragraph of PT Tugu’s letter does not suggest a rejection and a
counter proposal. It is only the second paragraph that may be read as a
counter proposal since it says that once the terms of the Submission to
Arbitration have been agreed parties could proceed with the appointment of
arbitrators and then seek appropriate directions. Since, however, there was an
unequivocal acceptance of the change of seat proposal in the first paragraph,
on a true analysis of the second paragraph, as MNL submits, the proposal it
contained was a separate and collateral matter and could not prejudice what
had been agreed in the first paragraph. MNL therefore had the option of
accepting or not accepting the collateral proposal contained in the draft
Submission to Arbitration and its failure to exercise this option before the
collateral proposal was withdrawn did not affect the preceding change of seat
agreement.

36 The English Court of Appeal case of _Society of Lloyds v Twinn_ [2000] EWHC
Admin 308, demonstrates that the situation that arose in this case of having
to construe when an agreement had been concluded is far from unusual. The
judgment of the Vice-Chancellor, Sir Richard Scott, is instructive on the
approach that the courts take when faced with such issues. He observed:

48\. The contractual principles of offer and acceptance that have to be
applied to resolve the acceptance issue are not in doubt. An offer must be
accepted unconditionally. A conditional acceptance is not an effective
acceptance but may be a counter-offer which, in turn, may or may not be
accepted by the original offeror. Jacob J., cited a passage from the judgment
of Hirst J. in **_Lark-v-Outhwaite (1991) 2LCR 132 at 135_**. The passage is
as follows:-

“The principles are elementary and very well established. The acceptance must
correspond with the offer and must be clear and unqualified and would fail to
take effect if it attempts to vary the terms of the offer or to add new terms.
On the other hands, statements which are not intended to vary the terms of the
offer or to add new terms do not vitiate the acceptance …”.

I respectfully agree that this passage correctly expresses the law.

49\. Two situations must be distinguished from one another. An offeree who
purports to accept an offer must accept unconditionally. An acceptance which
adds a new term to the contract is not an unconditional acceptance. But there
is, conceptually at least, no reason why an offeree should not accept an offer
unconditionally and, at the same time, make a collateral offer to the original
offeror. The original offeror may or may not accept the collateral offer but,
whether he does or does not do so, the unconditional acceptance will stand as
having concluded the contract on the terms of the original offer.

50\. …

51\. Whether an acceptance is truly unconditional, with the counter-offer
being collateral to the concluded contract, or whether the counter-offer is a
condition of the acceptance is an issue which will depend on the facts of the
particular case. The intended effect of a purported acceptance must be judged
objectively from the language used and the surrounding circumstances.

37 The position under Indonesian law, as explained by Mr Tumbuan, is similar.
He said that under Indonesian contract law what has been agreed to is binding
but if subsequently thereto parties want to go further by adding additional
provisions and making additional agreements then it is up to them to agree on
these further points. If they do not reach agreement on the additional points,
such failure would not in itself torpedo what had already been agreed to
unless both parties have expressly agreed to make the original contract
conditional on the conclusion of an agreement in relation to the additional
points proposed.

38 Thus, there is nothing in Indonesian law which prevents me from giving to
the correspondence the construction that I have given to it above ie that
there was an acceptance of MNL’s proposal by PT Tugu and at the same time a
collateral proposal open for acceptance or rejection.

39 PT Tugu’s next point is that when parties are still negotiating the terms
of any reference to arbitration, there can be no valid agreement to arbitrate.
Two Singapore cases were cited in support of that point. The principle itself
is unexceptional. It is a question of fact whether parties have reached an
agreement or are still negotiating. In this case, I have found that an
agreement was reached. The fact that a counter proposal was on the table did
not mean that the parties were still negotiating their terms of reference.
These were additional points for consideration only. The facts of the cited
cases were different from the facts which are before me. On the facts in those
cases, the finding made was that the parties had not come to agreement and
were still negotiating. The exchange of correspondence between the negotiating
parties there were not and could not be identical to the exchange of
correspondence here and I really do not see any purpose in rehearsing the
facts of those two cases in this context.

_(b) Article 9 of Law No. 30 of 1999_

40 The second main point which PT Tugu makes is that the exchange of
correspondence in October 1999 failed to satisfy the requirements of Article 9
of Law No. 30 of 1999 with respect to the conclusion of a valid arbitration
agreement. Sub-paragraph (1) of this Article provides that in the event the
parties choose resolution of the dispute by arbitration after a dispute has
arisen, the designation of arbitration as the means of resolution of such
dispute must be given in a written agreement signed by the parties. Sub-
paragraph (3) of the Article contains a list of the details that must be
included in the agreement like for example, the subject matter of the dispute,
the names and addresses of the parties and the full name and place of
residence of the arbitrator or arbitrators. There is no doubt that the
exchange of correspondence did not meet all the requirements of Article 9(3).
PT Tugu says that even if any agreement was reached by that exchange, it is
null and void since Article 9(4) states that will be the consequence of not
complying with sub-paragraph (3).

41 PT Tugu further submits that there was no basis for the tribunal’s view
that the exchange of correspondence could have resulted in an amendment of cl
3.18. PT Tugu had made it clear in its letter of 14 October that any
arbitration would be under a different basis from cl 3.18. Significantly, when
MNL purported to commence arbitration by writing to SIAC on 12 March 2002, it
enclosed the signed Submission to Arbitration and proceeded on the basis of a
new arbitration agreement whereby three arbitrators were to be appointed. MNL
was not proceeding on an amended cl 3.18 which covered the dispute with two
appraisers and an umpire.

42 PT Tugu’s criticisms of the tribunal’s findings are without foundation.
These criticisms depend entirely on one agreeing with PT Tugu’s own
interpretation of the effect of its letter of 14 October. That was a
subjective, not objective, interpretation. The tribunal approached the letter
objectively and took into consideration Indonesian law when interpreting it.
It came to the conclusion that by that letter PT Tugu had accepted that there
be an arbitration between the parties of the dispute referred to in the Notice
of Arbitration pursuant to cl 3.18 of the Policy with the three add-ons. I
cannot quarrel with that conclusion.

43 In my view, Article 9 of Law No 30 did not apply to what actually happened
although it would have applied had the Submission to Arbitration taken effect.
When MNL wrote its letter of 6 October it was invoking an existing arbitration
agreement and its proposal was limited to a change of seat. It was not
suggesting an entirely new arbitration agreement. Article 9 of Law No 30
applies to an arbitration agreement that is only entered into after the
dispute in question has arisen. In this case, cl 3.18 constituted an
arbitration agreement which had been concluded before the dispute arose.
Therefore the applicable article of Law No 30 was Article 8 rather than
Article 9. I agree that it was an error on the part of MNL to send the SIAC
the signed Submission to Arbitration and to proceed on the basis that three
arbitrators were to be appointed rather than two appraisers and one umpire. In
that respect, the arbitral tribunal was incorrectly constituted. PT Tugu has,
however, agreed to accept the constitution of the tribunal for the purpose of
the determination of the preliminary issues and therefore nothing turns on the
incorrect constitution of the tribunal. When the substantive arbitration takes
place, however, the tribunal will have to be differently constituted. Be that
as it may, the error made in 2002 could not change the effect of the letters
written in 1999.

_Third issue: Costs_

44 The tribunal directed PT Tugu to pay MNL’s costs of arbitrating the
preliminary issues. PT Tugu contends that the tribunal had no basis to make
such an order since cl 3.18 expressly requires that ‘each appraiser shall be
paid by the party selecting him and the expense of appraisal and the umpire
shall be paid by the parties equally’. It wants this order to be set aside.

45 MNL puts forward three points in response. First, that this court has no
power to set aside the costs order since the application was brought under
Article 16(3) of the Model Law and the court’s function pursuant to that
article is simply to determine whether the tribunal had jurisdiction. The
court, submits MNL, has no jurisdiction to deal with any other point.
Secondly, by agreeing to the SIAC Rules without reservations, the parties
agreed to follow the SIAC Rules with regard to costs. Rule 30.3 gives the
tribunal authority to order that all or any part of the costs of a party be
paid by another party. The final point is that even if PT Tugu can rely on cl
3.18, the preliminary hearing before the tribunal was not an ‘expense of the
appraisal’ as contemplated by that clause but was a separate hearing which
does not deal with the dispute. What cl 3.18 contemplated was that the
arbitrators would be doing their job of looking at the actual claim. In the
event of an ambiguity in the application of cl 3.18, the principle of _contra
proferentum_ operates in favour of MNL’s interpretation.

46 I am persuaded that the tribunal went beyond its jurisdiction in awarding
the costs of the preliminary hearing to MNL. In my judgment, the power given
to the court by Article 16(3) to decide the issue of jurisdiction after the
tribunal has made its preliminary ruling must necessarily encompass any
ancillary orders made by the tribunal in relation to that ruling. The court’s
power of determination must also relate to interpreting the jurisdiction
conferred on the tribunal by the arbitration clause in question. In this case,
cl 3.18 specifically prescribed how the costs of the ‘appraisement’ must be
borne. Therefore the tribunal was bound to follow that dictate and its
jurisdiction to decide the substantive issue in dispute did not extend to
empowering it to make any costs order that was not in accordance with cl 3.18.
I do not accept the argument that the preliminary hearing was not an ‘expense
of the appraisal’. That phrase is wide-ranging and capable of covering the
costs of both substantive and procedural issues connected with the appraisal.
Finally, the agreement of the parties to shift the seat of the arbitration to
Singapore under the SIAC Rules would not permit those rules to overrule the
express terms of the arbitration clause except as expressly assented to.

**Conclusion**

47 For the reasons given above, the only order that I make in respect of the
interim award issued by the arbitral tribunal on 13 March 2003 is to set aside
the award on costs. The parties must bear those costs in accordance with cl
3.18. Apart from that, this application must be dismissed. The applicant shall
pay the respondent its costs of these proceedings as the respondent has
succeeded on all issues except the comparatively minor one of the costs award.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

