Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## MCI Worldcom Asia Pte Ltd v Chembell Technology Sdn Bhd  
[2003] SGHC 251

Case Number | : | Suit 819/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  S Rajendran J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Yee Ming (Ng Chong Hue LLC) for the plaintiffs; Zaheer K Merchant and Christina Lee (Madhavan Partnership) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  MCI Worldcom Asia Pte Ltd — Chembell Technology Sdn Bhd   
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Whether application for stay can be
made at trial  
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Disposal on point of law – Determination
of questions of law or construction of documents under O 14 r 12 of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) – Whether provisions of a foreign statute
breached  
  
Commercial Transactions – Sale of services – Breach of contract – Claim for
price of services rendered and loss of profit  
  
Contract – Illegality and public policy – Whether provision of services
illegal under Malaysian law  
  

1 The plaintiffs, MCI Worldcom Asia Pte Ltd (“MCI”) are a company incorporated
in Singapore and are in the business of high-speed data communications
services. The defendants, Chembell Technology Sdn Bhd (“Chembell”) are a
company incorporated in Malaysia and in the business of Internet Protocol
Telephony services.

2 On 16 December 1999, MCI and Chembell entered into a Master Services
Agreement (“MSA”) and two Service Orders (“SO”) thereunder pursuant to which
MCI was to provide certain international communication services to Chembell to
and from Malaysia. The MSA was governed by Singapore law and the parties
agreed to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in Singapore. Thereafter
MCI commenced providing the requisite services to Chembell and periodically
invoiced Chembell for the same.

3 Chembell paid the invoices issued for services rendered up to November 2001
but failed to pay the invoices issued thereafter. MCI therefore terminated its
services to Chembell – as it was entitled to under the MSA – and commenced
these proceedings for the recovery of the amount of US$136,640.87 being the
total of the unpaid invoices. MCI also claimed damages in the sum of
US$227,407.13 (alternatively, damages to be assessed) in respect of the fees
that MCI – but for the breach by Chembell – would have earned under the MSA
and SO.

4 In its defence, Chembell did not dispute that MCI had provided the
contracted services to Chembell but alleged that the provision of such
services was illegal under the Communications and Multimedia Act 1998 (“CMA
1998”) of Malaysia and, prior to the CMA 1998 coming into force, under the
Telecommunications Act 1950 (“TA 1950”) of Malaysia in that MCI did not have
the requisite licences under those Acts to provide these services in Malaysia.
It was Chembell’s case that in the circumstances it would be contrary to
public policy both in Malaysia and Singapore for the MSA to be enforced.
Chembell, accordingly, prayed for MCI’s claim to be dismissed and that
judgment be given in its favour in the sum of US$655,387.38 being the total
amount that Chembell had paid to MCI under the MSA.

5 MCI denied the alleged illegality and averred that the Malaysian component
of the services made available to Chembell under the MSA was provided through
Vads Sdn Bhd (“Vads”) – then a wholly-owned subsidiary of Telekom Malaysia –
which was duly licensed to provide such services in Malaysia by the relevant
regulatory authorities. The Regulatory Authority under the CMA 1998 was the
Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission (“Commission”).

6 On the first day of this hearing, counsel for Chembell, Mr Zaheer Merchant,
applied under O 14 r 12 of the Rules of Court that the court determine the
question of construction – namely, whether MCI has breached the provisions of
the TA 1950 and CMA 1998 – as a preliminary issue of law. The construction of
a Malaysian statute was a matter of foreign law and foreign law would have to
be proved as a question of fact. It would therefore be necessary to hear the
evidence adduced by the parties to determine what the Malaysian law was. The
matter was therefore not a matter that could appropriately be dealt with under
O 14 r 12 and I therefore dismissed the application.

7 Upon the application under O 14 r 12 being dismissed, Mr Merchant applied
for a stay of these proceedings to enable the parties to apply to the
Malaysian courts for a determination of that issue of law. In support, Mr
Merchant argued:

(a) the Singapore court will be asked to decide on a Malaysian law which is a
new law and without the benefit of any Malaysian case law on the matter.;

(b) if the matter is determined in Malaysia, there will be the advantage of
the Malaysian court dealing with its own statutes. That meant Malaysian courts
could look at the intention of the Malaysian legislature when it enacted the
law;

(c) Malaysian courts may invite the Commission to participate in the Malaysian
proceedings.

(d) if Malaysian courts find there is illegality or rules it is legal, that
decision can be brought back to the Singapore courts.

Mr LimYee Ming, who appeared for MCI, objected to the application on the
grounds that as the parties were already at trial, the trial should proceed. I
upheld this objection. Chembell should have made any such application at about
the time when the writ was served. To make the application at the start of the
hearing, without good reason for the delay, was an abuse of process.

8 The first witness called by MCI was Kam Wei Peng of Vads who testified that
Vads had a Facility Management Agreement with Worldcom Asia Pacific Ltd
(“Worldcom Asia Pacific”) pursuant to which Vads would provide the Malaysian
component of services required by customers of Worldcom Asia Pacific and its
associated companies (including MCI). Kam testified that Vads was duly
licensed to provide these services in Malaysia under a Value Added Data
Network Licence issued under the TA 1950 and by an Applications Service
Provider Individual Licence issued by the Commission under the CMA 1998 which
replaced the earlier licence. She testified that the provision of such
services was a major part of Vads business which Vads had been openly
providing for very many years and added that, up to the time of this
litigation, no one – including the relevant regulatory authorities in Malaysia
– had ever alleged that Vads was providing these services in breach of
Malaysian law.

9 The document that Kam had annexed to her AEIC as the Value Added Data
Network Licence held by Vads was not the licence itself but an amendment to
that licence. This was an inadvertent mistake by Kam. At the hearing when this
error came to light, Kam produced the original licence. Mr Merchant informed
the court that the original now produced had taken him by surprise and, as it
was a document which Chembell would have to substantially rebut, his clients
needed time to meet and discuss that licence with the Commission. Mr Merchant
asked for an adjournment to enable this to be done.

10 Whether or not Vads was licensed to provide the services in question was
one of the core issues in this case. It seemed to me that to determine that
issue the views of the Commission could be highly significant and, as the
licence had only been produced at the last minute, I allowed Mr Merchant’s
application that the hearing be adjourned to enable Chembell to take the
matter up with the Commission.

11 The hearing resumed some 3 weeks later. Mr Merchant informed the court that
he was still pursuing the matter with the Commission and a meeting was
scheduled in the next few days at which he hoped to get evidence about the
illegality. After all the witnesses had testified, Mr Merchant applied for
another adjournment so that he could get a witness from the Commission to
testify. When asked whether the necessary arrangements had been made with the
Commission, Mr Merchant told the court that the scheduled meeting had –
because this case was being heard – been called off and so he could not say
for sure whether an officer from the Commission would testify if the
adjournment was granted.

12 Chembell’s case was that they realised in April 2002 that the services
provided by MCI was tainted with illegality. They therefore had more than
sufficient time to explore the matter with the Commission and arrange for a
representative of the Commission to testify. They could have done this even
after the adjournment on 25 August 2003 granted specifically for that purpose.
In spite of this long length of time and this accommodation, the necessary
arrangements had not been made. In the circumstances, I was of the view that
any further adjournment would not be justified and, accordingly, refused the
application.

13 Two experts on Malaysian law were called to testify on whether the services
provided by MCI to Chembell were illegal under Malaysian law. MCI called
Adeline Wong Mee Kiat (“Ms Wong”) and Chembell called Dato Ghazi Ishak (“Dato
Ghazi”) – both advocates and solicitors of Malaysia – as their respective
experts.

14 Ms Wong’s credentials as an expert in the laws relating to information
technology/communications/telecommunications were impressive. She was a
specialised practitioner in this area of the law and her firm, Wong &
Partners, was the correspondent firm in Kuala Lumpur of Baker & McKenzie, a
well-known law firm with branches in several countries. Ms Wong had also
published several articles on topics related to telecommunications law.
Amongst them was an article entitled “Malaysia’s Telecommunications Industry:
A New Licensing Regime”. Ms Wong had also advised numerous telecommunications
companies on licensing issues in Malaysia.

15 Ms Wong confirmed that Vads was duly licensed to provide frame relay
services in Malaysia pursuant to the two licences that Kam had produced in
evidence. For the Value Added Network Data Service Licence, Ms Wong testified
that cll 2.1(b) and 2.1(c) of the licence, in particular the terms “electronic
file/information exchange service” and “electronic data interchange” allowed
frame relay services. With regard to the Applications Service Provider
Individual Licence, she testified that frame relay services would fall under
“public switched data services”, a category of service for which the CMA 1998
specifically requires an Applications Service Individual Licence. Ms Wong
testified that MCI, by providing services to Chembell through Vads, was not in
violation of any law or licensing requirement in Malaysia.

16 Dato Ghazi’s credentials were also impressive. He was a leading litigation
lawyer in Malaysia especially in commercial law. He candidly admitted, when
asked, that he was not an expert in telecommunications law. He also admitted
that he has not advised any client on matters relating to licensing under the
TA 1950 or CMA 1998.

17 Given his unfamiliarity with telecommunications law and the terminology
associated therewith, Dato Ghazi, in the opinion he rendered that the services
of MCI under the MSA was illegal, relied heavily on the views of a young
lecturer, Hairul Azhar bin Abdul Rashid (“Encik Hairul”), from the Faculty of
Engineering, Multimedia University Cyberjaya, Malaysia.

18 Encik Hairul was erudite in his testimony and gave an eloquent primer on
basic telecommunications technology. At the close of Encik Hairul’s testimony,
I had a better understanding of the way in which modern communication systems
worked but this understanding did not translate into an understanding of why
Chembell maintained that the licences that Vads held were insufficient under
the TA 1950 and CMA 1998 to cover the services that Vads, on behalf of MCI,
had provided to Chembell.

19 Both Ms Wong and Dato Ghazi confirmed that there had been no prosecution or
other litigation under the TA 1950 or CMA 1998 and so there was no Malaysian
case law relating to the licensing requirements under those Acts that could
serve as a guide to what the Malaysian law was. In the absence of case law, it
would have been helpful to this court if the views of the regulatory authority
– the Commission – had been solicited and adduced in evidence. As noted above,
although Chembell had given indications that it was soliciting the views of
the Commission, in the result, no evidence from the Commission was led in
evidence.

20 At the close of the hearing, Chembell – on whom the burden lay – had not
persuaded me that the services that MCI, through Vads, had provided to
Chembell under the MSA and SO were in contravention of the provisions of the
TA 1950 and CMA 1998: the defence of illegality raised by Chembell to the
claims by MCI must therefore fail.

21 For the above reasons, I allow MCI’s claim for the sum of $136,640.87 for
the services rendered with interest at 4% per annum from the date of the writ.
I also allow MCI’s claim for damages for the loss of income in respect of the
balance of the contract term. These damages are to be assessed by the
Registrar. Chembell is to bear MCI’s costs in this action. The counterclaim by
Chembell is dismissed but, as the counterclaim raised no new issue of fact or
law, I make no order as to the costs of the counterclaim.

Plaintiffs’ claim allowed with costs.  
Defendants’ counterclaim dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

