Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Kah Ho Maurice v Beenleigh Construction And Project Management Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 283

Case Number | : | OS 1442/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 November 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tai Wei Shyong AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leslie Yeo Choon Hsien (AbrahamLow LLC) for the plaintiff; K Anparasan (Khattar Wong and Partners) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Lim Kah Ho Maurice — Beenleigh Construction And Project Management Pte Ltd   
  
This was an Originating Summons taken out by the plaintiff for proceedings in
a Magistrate’s Court (MC Suit No 31634 of 2003) to be stayed. The application
was made under section 6(1) of the Arbitration Act (Cap10)(“the Act”), which
states:

**Stay of legal proceedings**

**6.** —(1) **Where any party to an arbitration agreement institutes any
proceedings in any court** **against any other party** to the agreement in
respect of any matter which is the subject of the agreement, **any party to
the agreement may** , at any time after appearance and before delivering any
pleading or taking any other step in the proceedings, **apply to that court**
to stay the proceedings so far as the proceedings relate to that matter.

[Emphasis added.]

It is convenient to set out here two definitions from section 2 of the Act:

(A) "Court" means the High Court in Singapore; and

(B) "court" , for the purposes of sections 6, 7, 8, 11 (1), 55, 56 and 57,
means the High Court, District Court, Magistrate’s Court or any other court in
which the proceedings referred to in those sections are instituted or heard.

2 At the hearing of the summons, counsel for the defendant, Mr Anparasan
raised a preliminary objection to the application – ie. that the High Court
had no jurisdiction to hear the case. The basis of the objection was that the
plaintiff was required under section 6(1) of the Act to apply to the court
_where the proceedings had been instituted_ (in this case the Magistrate’s
Court) for the stay. After hearing submissions from the parties on this issue,
I upheld the objection and dismissed the application with costs, without
hearing the merits of the case. I give my reasons for doing this below.

3 The current version of the Act was enacted on 17 October 2001, and commenced
on 1 March 2002. When read for a second time in Parliament on 5 October 2001,
the then Minister of State for Law (Assoc. Prof. Ho Peng Kee) said that the
proposed Bill enacted an Act which would be “more in line with the
International Arbitration Act (IAA) and international practices, as reflected
in the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration.” In
relation to clause 6(1) in particular, he said:

…the Bill allows a party to apply for stay of court proceedings in favour of
arbitration in the court in which the proceedings were first commenced. Under
the current position, if an action is commenced in the Subordinate Courts and
a stay of the proceedings is sought in favour of the arbitration, the person
seeking the stay needs to apply to the High Court to stay the proceedings in
the Subordinate Courts. The new arrangements under the Bill would therefore
remove this inconvenience in having to submit the matter for determination by
the High Court.

It is perhaps worth setting out at this stage the relevant provision in the
predecessor version of the Act. This was Section 7(1), which stated:

**Power to stay proceedings where there is an arbitration agreement.**

**7.** —(1) If any party to an arbitration agreement, or any person claiming
through or under him, commences any legal proceedings against any other party
to the arbitration agreement, or any person claiming through or under him, in
respect of any matter agreed to be referred, any party to the legal
proceedings may at any time after appearance, and before delivering any
pleadings or taking any other steps in the proceedings, apply to **the court**
to stay the proceedings.

[Emphasis added.]

In the predecessor Act, there was only one definition of the word “court”,
which was defined to mean the High Court.

4 Mr Yeo for the plaintiff relied on the words of the Minister of State and
argued that since the amendments were made merely to “remove the
inconvenience” of having to submit the matter for determination to the High
Court, the High Court still had jurisdiction to hear the matter and therefore
there was no defect in the application. Alternatively, he argued that even if
there was a defect, it was merely a technical defect which under Order 2 of
the Rules of Court (Cap 332, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) should not nullify the
proceedings. He urged me to hear the case, or at the worst, to transfer the
matter back to the Subordinate Courts for determination there.

5 It was my view that the wording of section 6 of the Act is unambiguous, and
consequently, that the Parliamentary material relied on by Mr Yeo could not
come in his aid. While it is true that statutes are to be interpreted
purposively where appropriate, as stated in section 9A of the Interpretation
Act (Cap 1), this principle is limited, in my view, by the even more cherished
axiom that statutes should be read in accordance with their plain meaning
unless such a reading would lead to a manifest absurdity. To subordinate the
“plain meaning” rule to the purposive approach would be to abandon the wider
concern that the laws of the land should be accessible and transparent to all.

6 In my opinion, the juxtaposition of the additional definition of the term
“court” to include the subordinate courts in section 2 of the Act with the
amended reference to “…that court” in section 6 leaves no room for the High
Court to hear the matter. Even if one were to leave to one side the
jurisdictional point, to bring such an application in contravention of the
preferred forum in the absence of extenuating circumstances would, I think,
amount to an abuse of process.

7 Since Mr Yeo raised the question of transferring the matter to the court in
which the proceedings had been instituted, I will deal with it briefly. First,
I should say that I did not think that there was a sufficient basis to
transfer the proceedings to a Magistrate’s Court. Having commenced the action
in an inappropriate forum, the remedy was not, I think, to transfer the matter
down so that there would be two parallel proceedings when there was no
necessity for this. As I indicated to Mr Yeo at the hearing, the correct
procedure in my view was simply to take out an application for a stay in the
existing proceedings.

8 In any event, I doubted that I had the power to transfer the proceedings to
a Magistrate’s Court as suggested by Mr Yeo. He had referred me to clause 10
of the First Schedule to the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322), which
states:

**Transfer of proceedings**  
  
**10.** Power to transfer any proceedings to any other court or to or from any
subordinate court, and in the case of transfer to or from a subordinate court
to give any directions as to the further conduct thereof, except that this
power shall be exercised in such manner as may be prescribed by Rules of
Court.

This clause is brought into play by section 18(2) of the same Act, which gives
the High Court the powers set out in that schedule.

9 However, in the case of _Ong Pang Wee and Ors v Chiltern Park Development
Pte Ltd_ [2003] 2 SLR 267, the majority of the Court of Appeal, referring to
section 18(2) of the Act, held as follows:

14…When the legislation is read in its entirety it is plain that, as submitted
by the developer, the scope of the High Court`s power to transfer proceedings
from a lower court to itself cannot be determined by looking only at the
[Supreme Court of Judicature Act]. In fact it would be wrong to do so as s
18(3) provides that the powers "shall be exercised" in accordance with written
law. Parliament had therefore intended the High Court to have regard to other
applicable written laws before exercising the power to transfer proceedings to
itself and to act in a manner that was "in accordance with" or consistent with
those provisions in so doing. In this case, the applicable written law is the
[Subordinate Courts Act] and the High Court can only exercise its powers of
transfer of proceedings as provided for in this Act. (_Per_ Judith Prakash J)

There appears to be no statutory provision which allows the High Court to
transfer matters to a Magistrate’s Court. The _Chiltern Park_ case cited above
concerned an application to transfer a case in a Magistrate’s Court to the
High Court, but I should think the reasoning applies both ways.

10 Mr Yeo also brought my attention to Order 89 of the Rules of Court, which
sets out the procedure for transfer of proceedings between the High Court and
the Subordinate Courts. In _Chiltern Park_ (cited above), the majority took
the view that Rules 1 and 2 of that Order do not set out the circumstances in
which an application may be initiated – that issue is governed by primary
legislation:

33… So, even though O 89 r 2(1) refers generally to the transfer of “any
proceedings from the subordinate courts to the High Court” it must be
interpreted in accordance with the specified provisions in the SCA, **_ie_**
ss 24, 38 and 41 which themselves state expressly that they deal with the
transfer of cases from the District Court to the High Court. (_Per_ Judith
Prakash J)

I would gratefully adopt this reasoning.

11 Having exhausted all the arguments advanced by counsel for the plaintiff
and finding them insufficient to overcome the preliminary objection, I
dismissed the application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Nov 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

