Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pang Yong Hock and Another v PKS Contracts Services Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 195

Case Number | : | OS 1597/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gregory Vijayendran and Linda Wee (Wong Partnership) for the plaintiffs; Hee Theng Fong and Benedict Tan (Hee Theng Fong & Co) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Pang Yong Hock; Lee Kim Swee — PKS Contracts Services Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Capacity – Derivative Action – Whether appropriate to grant leave
to commence proceedings in the name of the company under s 216A of the
Companies Act (Cap 50, 1999 Rev Ed).  
  

1 This was an application by the plaintiffs under s 216A of the Companies Act,
Ch 50 for leave to commence proceedings in the name of the defendant company
PKS Contracts Services Pte Ltd (‘the company’) against Koh Hwee Meng and Tan
Sok Khin. There are only four shareholders in the company and they are split
evenly into two groups, the plaintiffs comprising the first and Koh and Tan
the other. Although the two groups own the shares in the ratio of 50:50, the
Koh-Tan group has an edge in the board of directors’ meetings because they had
the allegiance of one Lim Chong Huat who is also on the board of directors and
thus Koh-Tan had the majority vote.

2 The plaintiffs issued a notice under s 216A(3)(a) of the Act on 7 October
2002 requiring the company to commence an action against the directors Koh and
Tan. No action was taken by the board in that respect and, consequently the
plaintiffs filed this application. The complaints against Koh and Tan were
based on breaches of directors’ duties of care and skill and also under s
157(1) of the Act. The thrust of the alleged misconduct concerned payments
made by the company to a company called PK Summit Pte Ltd as well as
transactions concerning other companies.

3 A preliminary order was made on 27 January 2003 and 27 February 2003 in
which Chan Ket Teck of Pricewaterhousecoopers was appointed a Special
Accountant to perform an independent review of the accounting records of PKS
Contracts Services Pte Ltd (‘the company’). The terms of reference were agreed
by parties on 17 March 2003. The lengthy terms in three pages are set out in
the Special Accountant’s Report dated 14 April 2003. The special accountant’s
review under the terms of reference covered a number of transactions including
transactions with PK Summit. The report is sufficiently detailed and indicates
that there are strong _prima facie_ grounds for a fuller inquiry but not
necessarily against Koh and Tan only. The paper trail showed that contracts
were signed with PK Summit which is only a shell company with no employees.
The work under those contracts were, in fact, carried out by the company’s own
employees. Pang alleged that a sum of S$385,086.90 was paid to PK Summit by
the company. He claimed that no value was given by PK Summit and the payment
ought to be accounted for.

4 The report also refers to unusual transactions between the company and a
company called AA Pyrodor Development Pte Ltd (‘AAP’). Koh and the company are
shareholders of AAP and in the special accountant’s view, the margin earned by
AAP in work for PKS was ‘unusually low’ and the records of AAP would be
required for examination.

5 There were also transactions with two suppliers called Noriwood Construction
and Speedwise Construction that do not sufficiently account for an objective
evaluation of the reasonableness of the price. The special accountant also
listed a number of miscellaneous items such as payments to relatives of the
directors but not fully accounted for; various payments including a $45,000 to
Tan. It appears from the report that there may be documents in the possession
of Koh or Tan, or the company that have not been disclosed. However, the
report does not seem to have taken into account the explanations of Koh and
Tan, which essentially was that the documents had been disclosed to the
plaintiffs. This controversy cannot, in my view, be resolved by affidavit
evidence alone.

6 The defendants’ counsel, Mr Hee Theng Fong submitted that much of the
allegations concerning the termination Pang Yong Hock, the first plaintiff, as
the project controller are disputed. Counter-allegations as to the first
plaintiff’s own breaches of duty as a director have not been addressed. Mr Hee
submitted that the plaintiffs are now complaining about transactions which he
had himself approved when he was the project controller and that Pang had
access to all the material documents. Counsel submitted that the sum of
$385,086.90 in respect of the payment to PK Summit have already been duly
accounted for and explained. He argued that if anything, there is only a
question of adjustment to the accounts but there is nothing sinister about
that. Furthermore, he pointed out that Pang was at the material times also a
director and shareholder of PK Summit and was fully aware of all related
transactions.

7 Having perused the detailed disputes concerning the various payments and the
alleged breaches of directors duties on the part of all four directors and
shareholders I am of the view that the allegations and counter-allegations
cannot be satisfactorily proved or disproved by affidavit evidence alone. I
accept Mr Chan Ket Teck’s report that there are aspects of the conduct of the
company that requires a more thorough inquiry but that is, in the
circumstances of this case, only evidence that a fuller inquiry is required.
Granting leave to the plaintiffs to sue in the name of the company is not the
best solution. If the plaintiffs were granted leave to sue the other directors
in the name of the company, the counter-allegations of those other directors
against the plaintiffs which also cannot be addressed unless they too are
granted leave to sue the plaintiffs in the name of the company. But the other
directors have not made such an application. Of course, the fact that they
have not is insufficient reason to grant the plaintiffs the application
sought. The court will only be burdened with a late application by the other
directors be similarly allowed to sue in the name of the company. The prospect
of two sets of directors each suing and counter-suing in the name of the
company is inappropriate, if not farcical. The foremost question that an
objective person may ask is how did the directors run the company such as to
lead to such an end?

8 In view of the plaintiffs’, especially Pang’s, positions in the company as
well as PK Summit, there is a duty on their part to inquire, if not
investigate fully all reasonable suspicious of impropriety by other directors
as soon as they had arisen. How soon, and what constitutes reasonable inquiry
will naturally vary from case to case. In the present proceedings, it appears
to me that the plaintiffs were slack in picking up the matters they now
complain of. Although they may very well prove at any trial the reasons for
this or even to show that they had, in fact, acted promptly, as it now stands,
the sudden burst of allegations is something I have to take into account in
the overall assessment as to whether the application ought to be granted. But
there are more substantial matters that operate against the plaintiffs’
application. It is not disputed that the company is not doing well, and that
the four shareholders were very much like partners in a partnership. The
inability of the two factions to co-exist itself portends no future for this
partnership in a company’s clothing. Given these significant facts, and the
undesirability of having both sides suing each other in the name of the
company – which will create all sorts of procedural and interlocutory problems
– the parties should wind-up the company. A professional liquidator will
undoubtedly take into account and investigate the company’s affairs and take
such action after perusal of the Chan Ket Teck report and the affidavits filed
herein, including the commencement of action against such errant directors as
he may see fit. Since winding up would be a much more sensible and, therefore,
more desirable avenue in the circumstances of this case, I dismissed the
plaintiffs’ application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

