Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chong Hon Kuan Ivan and Another v Levy Maurice and Others  
[2003] SGHC 302

Case Number | : | OS 347/2002, RA 346/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 December 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Prakash Mulani and Aftab Khan (M and A Law Corporation) for appellants / 1st and 3rd defendants; Irving Choh and Alan Thio (Rajah and Tann) for respondents / plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  Chong Hon Kuan Ivan; Chang Hong Kaye Jimmy — Levy Maurice; Salomon Salto; Jean-Paul Morin; Publicis Worldwide BV; Publicis Group SA; Publicis Eureka Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Striking out – Minority shareholders alleging oppression –
Whether defendant-directors properly joined when reliefs claimed had no
application to them  
  

> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > _Judgment reserved._

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This originating summons is an oppression of minority shareholders action
taken out by the plaintiffs who are the minority shareholders in the company
known as Publicis.Eureka Pte Ltd (the sixth defendant). The first and third
defendants (the appellants in this case) are directors but not shareholders of
the company. The fourth and fifth defendants are shareholders of the company.
The action against the second defendant was discontinued. The present appeal
before me concerns a straightforward and narrow point. The appellants applied
to strike out the claim against them on the ground that it disclosed no cause
of action, alternatively, that the claim was an abuse of the process of court.

2 The reliefs sought by the plaintiffs in this action are, first, for a
declaration that four written agreements (including a sale and purchase
agreement) are binding on the defendants. It was not disputed that these
agreements do not concern the first and third defendants or require them to
perform or desist from performing any particular obligation. The allegation
against them was based on the allegation that they exercised their voting
powers as directors in such a way as to give rise to the oppressive conduct
complained of. Secondly, the plaintiffs are seeking an order that the first
plaintiff be reinstated as the managing director of the sixth defendant.
Thirdly, that the first plaintiff be reinstated as a cheque signatory of the
sixth defendant. Fourthly, that the fifth defendants agree to the appointment
of a new auditor in place of Ernst & Young. Fifthly, for an account of profits
and revenues of the fifth and sixth defendants and their associated companies.

3 Mr Choh, counsel for the plaintiffs conceded that the reliefs claimed have
no application to the first and third defendants but he contended that s 216
permits an action to be commenced in respect of oppressive acts of directors.
In effect, he submits that the words of s 216(1) and (2) do give rise to a
cause of action against a director who is not a shareholder. The relevant
provisions read as follows:

“(1) Any member or holder of a debenture of a company or, in the case of a
declared company under Part IX, the Minister may apply to the Court for an
order under this section on the ground –

(a) that the affairs of the company are being conducted or the powers of the
directors are being exercised in a manner oppressive to one or more of the
members or holders of debentures including himself or in disregard of his or
their interests as members, shareholders or holders of debentures of the
company; or

(b) that some act of the company has been done or is threatened or that some
resolution of the members, holders of debentures or any class of them has been
passed or is proposed which unfairly discriminates against or is otherwise
prejudicial to one or more of the members or holders of debentures (including
himself).

(2) If on such application the Court is of the opinion that either of such
grounds is established the Court may, with a view to bringing to an end or
remedying the matters complained of, make such order as it thinks fit and,
without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, the order may –

(a) direct or prohibit any act or cancel or vary any transaction or
resolution;

(b) regulate the conduct of the affairs of the company in future;

(c) authorise civil proceedings to be brought in the name of or on behalf of
the company by such person or persons and on such terms as the Court may
direct;

(d) provide for the purchase of the shares or debentures of the company by
other members or holders of debentures of the company or by the company
itself;

(e) in the case of a purchase of shares by the company provide for a reduction
accordingly of the company’s capital; or

(f) provide that the company be wound up.”

4 In the narrow sense, subsection (1)(a) does give the plaintiffs a right to
sue arising from the conduct of ‘oppressive’ directors, but a right to
commence an action is not necessarily the same as having a cause of action. A
right to sue includes, by implication, a cause of action which, in most cases,
envisage a specific claim against an identified party. In the respect of the
broader meaning of a cause of action, that is, a right to bring an action, no
one need be joined as a party since a specific claim might yet have been made
against an identified party. A man who is injured in an motor vehicle accident
has a cause of action (in the broad sense) in the tort of negligence. At that
level, the defendant may not have been specifically identified save for the
general description ‘the tortfeasor’, and the cause of action remains an
abstract one. When the plaintiff’s claim becomes clearer and he is able to
identify the person or persons against whom he wishes to claim, those persons
become the likely parties to be joined as defendants since the plaintiff’s
cause of action would be against them specifically. So, generally, there is no
basis or rationale to add that person as a defendant against a person from
whom no relief is being sought. It is true that in the present case, the first
and third defendants have no obligation to discharge nor any act to desist
from, and this appears to be so from the prayers of the originating summons
themselves, and these defendants, therefore, are persons against whom no
relief is being sought.

5 Mr Mulani, counsel for the first and third defendants thus referred to _Ng
Sing King & Others v PSA International Pte Ltd_ [2003] SGHC 59 in support of
his argument that the action against the first and third defendants ought
accordingly be struck out. The third and fourth defendants in that case, were
not members of the company. The question was whether any order against those
two defendants would be enforced against them. One of the prayers included an
order that the other defendants buy over all the plaintiffs’ shares in the
company. An independent accountant was also to be appointed to determine the
fair value of the plaintiffs’ shares in the company. But the court found that
there was nothing required of the third and fourth defendants, and
accordingly, took the view that it would be an abuse of the process of court
to allow them to remain as parties on record. The court thus reversed the
decision below and allowed their application to have their names struck out as
defendants. Two of the proper defendants in that case were the wholly owned
subsidiaries of the third and fourth defendants respectively. Justice Tay Yong
Kwang in the _Ng Sing King_ case was of the view that the corporate veil
sufficiently shielded the parent companies from any liability. In such a case,
Justice Tay held that to name them as defendants would therefore be an abuse
of the court’s process. I agree with that view.

6 Justice Tay referred to various English authorities, now also cited before
me, namely _Re a company_ [1986] BCLC 68; _Re BSB Holdings Ltd_ [1993] BCLC
246; _Lowe v Fahey_ [1996] 1 BCLC 262; and _Re Little Olympian Each-Ways Ltd_
[1994] 1 BCLC 420. Diverse propositions appear in these cases. It has been
held that in an appropriate case, even a person who is not involved may be
joined as a party. The court in _Olympian Each-Ways_ case, on the other hand,
held that the court could strike out the claim against a person who had been
involved in the affair but against whom no remedy was sought. Justice Lindsay
there was of the view that in cases where the prospects of an order being made
against a defendant were hopeless, it would be an abuse of the process of
court to join that defendant as a party. The judicial approach in _Ng Sing
King_ , in principle, is the same although I detect that Justice Lindsay was
more concerned with the hopelessness of the case against the defendant in
question than in the inconsequentiality of their being named as parties - as
Justice Tay so found in the _Ng Sing King_ case. However, it is implicit in
Justice Tay's judgment that the application was an abuse of the process of
court because no court would have made any order against the applicant
directors on the facts as the learned judge there found. On the facts before
me, however, the defendants in question, that is, Mr Mulani’s clients, were
alleged to be responsible for misconduct and breaches of the various
agreements which amount to an oppression against the plaintiffs. This would be
the sort of situation similar to the _BSB Holdings_ case where Justice
Vinelott held that B Sky B (the applicant party in question) was properly
joined because it was an actor and played a major role in the transactions.
Similarly, the court in the _Lowe-Fahey_ refused to strike out the defendants
on the grounds that the defendants there were relevant parties. Whether that
is so is a matter that must be proved by the plaintiffs, but they should not
be deprived of the opportunity of presenting their case. The first and third
defendants will be entitled to costs should the plaintiffs fail. The balance
of justice between shutting out a claimant and incurring the inconvenience of
the first and third defendants weigh, in my view, in favour of allowing the
plaintiffs to proceed.

7 Mr Mulani urged me to consider that, as in _Re Little Olympian Each-Ways_ ,
no reliefs were being sought against the first and third defendants in the
present case before me. What Lindsay J actually said there, was:

‘That concludes a look at the authorities cited to me. Whilst I would be very
willing to following a pattern that emerged from the earlier cases at first
instance, I do not regard any clear pattern as having yet emerged, and I have
certainly found nothing conclusive that suggests that the words of ss 459 and
461 should not be given their full effect. From the existing authorities cited
it can be seen that in an appropriate case relief can be sought against a non-
member other than the company itself, or against a person not involved in the
acts complained of (at least if that person would be affected by the relief
sought) and that **_a person against whom no relief is in terms sought cannot
necessarily escape being a respondent, whilst, on other facts, it can be right
to strike out a petition, even as against those whose acts are complained of,
so long as no relief is sought against such a person_**.’ _Ibid_ , page 429.
(my emphasis)

8 It is true that the plaintiffs have not sought any specific prayer against
the first and third defendants and so, ‘no relief is sought against such a
person’ in that broad sense. But, if the plaintiffs are right and can persuade
the court that they were compelled to commence the present proceedings because
of the wilful act of the first and third defendants, they would be entitled to
pray that costs be paid by the first and third defendants, whether in full or
in part. The circumstances of this case is sufficiently different from that in
_Ng Sing King_ and I am of the view that the assistant registrar was correct
in dismissing the application.

Accordingly, this appeal is dismissed with costs in the cause.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Dec 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

