Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Reemtsma Cigarettenfabriken GmbH v Hugo Boss AG  
[2003] SGHC 4

Case Number | : | OM 600007/2002; OM 600008/2002; SIC 601558/2002; SIC 601559/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 January 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kung Wee Teck Edwin and Catherine Lee (Rodyk & Davidson) for Applicants; Tan Chau Yee (Tan JinHwee Eunice & Lim ChooEng) for Respondents   
Parties | : |  Reemtsma Cigarettenfabriken GmbH — Hugo Boss AG   
  
Civil Procedure – Service – Service of Notice of Originating Motion out of
jurisdiction – Whether Notice of Originating Motion duly served – Jurisdiction
of court – Certificate of service as evidence of facts stated therein –
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) s 16(1)(a)(ii), Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) O 11 r 3(5), O 12 r 7  
  

1\. The Applicants, Reemtsma Cigarettenfabriken Gmbh, a company incorporated
in Germany, on 5 February 2002 filed Origination Motion nos. 600007 of 2002
and 600008 of 2002 to rectify the Singapore register of Trade Mark by revoking
therefrom the entry relating to Trade Mark No. T87/05010G "HUGO BOSS" and
T74/59825G "BOSS" (collectively and individually referred to as "the subject
mark") on the ground that the Respondents had not within the period of 5 years
following registration put to genuine use, in the course of trade of the
Respondents, goods for which the respective trademark was registered and/or
that such use of the subject mark has been suspended for an uninterrupted
period of 5 years, and there are no proper reasons for non-use. On 19 February
2002, the Applicants were granted leave to serve out of the jurisdiction on
the Respondents in Germany a true copy each of Notice of Originating Motion
no. 600007 of 2002 and Notice of Originating Motion no. 600008 of 2002.

2\. On 12 October 2002, the Respondents filed two separate applications
pursuant to RSC Order 12 r 7 for, inter alia, an order declaring that Notice
of Originating Motion no. 600007 of 2002 and Notice of Originating Motion no.
600008 of 2002 have not been duly served on them outside of the jurisdiction.
At the conclusion of the hearing, I made no order on both applications. The
Respondents have appealed against my decision.

3\. Judith Eckl, the Respondents’ legal counsel on 8 October 2002 swore two
similar affidavits in support of the Order 12 r.7 applications. She deposed
that the Respondents had not received a copy each of the relevant Notice of
Originating Motion as they were not amongst the documents inside the two
packages left by the process server Mr. Buck of the Bailiff’s office of the
local court at Bad Urach. She further deposed that the document, which she
described as a "letter of service", signed by Mr. Buck before he left the
premises made no mention that the relevant Notice of Originating Motion was
included in the respective package of documents.

4\. It was submitted that in the circumstances, the Applicants by error failed
to serve the Respondents and as no service of the relevant process took place
at all, the court has no jurisdiction to hear and try the originating motions.
Moreover, it was argued that such a fundamental omission could not be
categorised as an irregularity capable of cure under Order 2 r.1.

5\. I accepted the Respondents’ submission that the basis of jurisdiction of
the court depended on service. This is clear from Section 16 (1)(a)(ii)
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (cap 322), which provides:

"(1)The High Court shall have jurisdiction to hear and try any action in
personam where -

(a)the defendant is served with a writ or other originating process –

…

(ii) outside Singapore in the circumstances authorised by and in the manner
prescribed by Rules of Court;…"

6\. From the affidavit evidence filed by the Applicants, the Applicants had
adequately demonstrated that they had complied with Order 11 r.4. As proof of
service of Originating Motion nos. 600007 and 600008, M/s Rodyk and Davidson,
solicitors for the Applicants exhibited in the affidavit of Lee Su Yee filed
on 14 October 2002, a certificate of service, which the firm received on 7
August 2002 from the Registry, Supreme Court. The certificate was issued by
the judicial authorities of the District Court at Bad Urach. The English
translation of the Service Certificate was exhibited in Lee Su Yee’s 3rd
affidavit filed on 28 October 2002. Accompanying the English translation of
the certificate is Mr. Jörn Gaedcke’s certification confirming the correctness
of the translation together with a certification from the Embassy of the
Federal Republic of Germany in Singapore of Mr. Gaedcke’s signature and
qualification for making the translation in his capacity as registered
translator for English and German languages at the Embassy of the Republic of
Germany in Singapore. By contrast, the document described in Judith Eckl’s
affidavit as "letter of service" was not accompanied by any official
certification of the translation. I would mention that not the entire document
was translated into the English language. Only selected segments were
translated. The identity of the translator was also unknown.

7\. At the hearing, both parties accepted the accuracy of the translation and
took no procedural objection that the two documents translated into the
English language did not satisfy the requirements of Order 92 r.1.

8\. It is helpful to set out in full the English translation of the Service
Certificate:

"10 AR 37/2002 and

10 AR 38/2002

Service Certificate

The service of the court documents attached to the application of the Embassy
of Singapore dated 5.7.2002:

One letter each of the lawyers Rodyk & Davidson dated 10.6.2002, File No.
IAN/LSY/01-03371-2 concerning the applications No. 60007 (sic) and 60008 (sic)
including appendices.

Originating motion No. 60007 (sic) of the year 2002 with regard to the
Markenschutzgesetz (approx. Trademark Registration Act] (Chapter 332) and with
regard to the trademark No. T87/05010G between Reemtsma Cigarettenfabrik GmbH
and Hugo Boss AG dated 5.2.2002 including appendices.

Originating motion No. 60008 (sic) of the year 2002 with regard to the
Markenschutzgesetz (approx. Trademark Registration Act] (Chapter 332) and with
regard to the trademark No. T74/59825G between Reemtsma Cigarettenfabrik GmbH
and Hugo Boss AG dated 5.2.2002 including appendices.

\- each in English with a German translation –

to company Hugo Boss AG, Dieselstr.12, 72555 Metzingen, was carried out on
**24.7.2002** through the handing over to the employee, Mrs. Eckl, after an
authorised representative of company Hugo Boss AG was not found on the
business premises.

72574 Bad Urach 25.7.2002

District Court

**_[Signature]_**

Wezel

Master at Common Law"

9\. The Respondents did not take issue with the genuineness of the Service
Certificate. Under Order 11 r.3(7), the document is deemed to be an Order 11 r
3(5) certificate of service. Counsel for the Respondents submitted that it is
not clear from the language used that the origination motions were served. It
did not list the documents served. I disagreed with Counsel. It is apparent
from the English translation of the Service Certificate that Originating
Motion nos. 600007 and 600008 were served on the Respondents on 24 July 2002.
By Order 11 r 3(5), the certificate of service is evidence of the facts as
stated in the certificate and of the facts on which they are based. To say
that the statement in the certificate is "evidence" means that it is prima
facie evidence of the fact stated. And, it is sufficient evidence for a court
to find that fact proved.

10\. From the outset, the Respondents had the task of proving non-service. The
legal burden remained throughout on the Respondents to satisfy the court on
the balance of probabilities that the originating motions were not served. In
the course of the case, the Applicants adduced the Service Certificate as
evidence to show service. That evidence passed the evidential burden of proof
on to the Respondents. The weight to be given to the Respondents’ affidavit
evidence was undermined by the Service Certificate. The Respondents neither
challenged the validity of the Service Certificate nor adduced further
counter–evidence to displace the Service Certificate. In view of the
conflicting evidence before me, the Respondents had not satisfied me on a
balance of probabilities that the originating motions were not served at all.
I therefore made no order on their applications.

11\. On the view which I have taken, it was not necessary to discuss the
arguments that the failure to serve the Respondents was a mere irregularity.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jan 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

