Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v I and Another  
[2003] SGHC 166

Case Number | : | CC 31/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 August 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Eugene Lee and Tan Wee Soon (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; First Accused in person; Second Accused in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — I; K   
  
1 The First Accused is 47 years old and unemployed. The Second Accused is 39
years old and was his mistress. The two accused pleaded guilty to a total of
three charges each, in connection with a sexual assault on the 8-year old
daughter of the second accused. The first accused was charged under s 376(2)
of the Penal Code for aggravated rape, as well as a charge under s 377 of the
Penal Code for an act of fellatio on the same girl. The second accused was
charged with the abetment of these two offences. In addition, the second
accused was charged with making a false police report implicating her father,
an 82 years old visually handicapped person, in the sexual assault on the
young girl – his granddaughter. The first accused was charged with abetting
the second accused in the making of that false report.

2 The sexual offences took place on the same day (sometime in May 2002). The
two accused brought the victim along with them to the third level of a multi-
storey car park and there performed a sexual act in the presence of the
victim. After that, the second accused, on the instigation of the first,
encouraged the victim to perform fellatio, followed by sexual intercourse with
the first accused. The statement of facts admitted by both accused recited
that the young girl, although mentally inadequate, nonetheless, resisted but
was soon put under pressure by both accused, and thus succumbed.

3 Neither accused persons has any previous convictions. The mitigation of
first offence will always have to be considered with the seriousness of the
offence and the circumstances under which it was committed. It is entirely
possible that a first offender may have schemed and performed his criminal
debut in a much more heinous fashion that a repeat offender. In the present
case, I am of the view that although the offence was serious and deplorable,
the absence of previous convictions need not be disregarded entirely, but the
weight I had given to this was minimal so far as the first accused was
concerned.

4 So far as the second accused was concerned, she is divorced with three
daughters aged, 19, 8 and 6 respectively. She also has an 82-year old father
who is visually handicapped. She worked as a cleaner to support them. Any
punishment meted to her will undoubtedly have a ricochet effect on her family
members. The leniency shown to her was therefore on their account and not
hers. The first accused did not deserve similar leniency.

5 The learned DPP Mr Eugene Lee submitted that in respect of cases involving
the making of false police reports the offenders have hitherto been sentenced
to imprisonment terms between two to four weeks. The maximum penalty is six
months imprisonment or with fine or with both. Much depends, of course, on the
nature and circumstances of the false report. In this case, the false report
concerned the offence of rape. It is an obviously serious allegation with
severe consequences as the two accused must realise now. I am therefore of the
view that the making a false report that puts an innocent person at risk of
such consequences merits a more severe sentence than two to four weeks
imprisonment.

6 For the reasons above, I sentenced the first accused to 13 years
imprisonment and 14 strokes of the cane in respect of the charge under s
376(2) of the Penal Code and five years imprisonment in respect of the
fellatio charge under s 377. The sentences of imprisonment are to be served
concurrently. In respect of the offence of abetting the second accused to make
the false police report I sentenced the first accused to a term of three
months imprisonment which is to be served consecutive to the terms of
imprisonment under the first two charges.

7 The second accused was sentenced to eight years imprisonment in respect of
her abetment of rape and three years in respect of her abetment of the act of
fellatio on the first accused by her daughter. In both instances, she was less
culpable than the principal offender. However, in respect of the offence of
making a false police report she was the principal offender even though she
said that she did it at the instigation of the first accused. For her part I
sentenced her to four months imprisonment to be served consecutively to the
other two terms of imprisonment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Aug 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

