Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Supermix Concrete Pte Ltd v Econ Corp Ltd (Public Utilities Board,
garnishees)  
[2003] SGHC 272

Case Number | : | Suit 1510/2002, RA 144/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Cheah Kok Lim (Ang and Partners) for appellants/judgment debtors; Winston Kwek and Sharon Goh (Rajah and Tann) for respondents/judgment creditors   
Parties | : |  Supermix Concrete Pte Ltd — Econ Corp Ltd (Public Utilities Board, garnishees)   
  
Credit and Security – Remedies – Garnishee orders – Garnishee order set aside
– Judgment debtor insolvent – Risk of judgment creditor not receiving
garnished moneys – Whether garnished moneys should be paid into court  
  
Credit and Security – Remedies – Garnishee orders – Material non-disclosure of
facts in application for order – Whether order should be set aside  
  

1 Econ Corporation Limited (‘the judgment debtors’) appealed to me against the
order made by the Assistant Registrar dismissing their application to set
aside the garnishee order absolute dated 6 May 2003. I allowed the appeal with
costs fixed at $1,500. Although I allowed the appeal, I allowed the Garnishee
Order Absolute to stand on condition that the judgment creditor, since they
were keeping the garnished moneys, provide the judgment debtor with a bank
guarantee containing the operative clause, the text of which was tendered to
me by counsel for the judgment creditor, and on such other terms to be agreed
by both parties and the bank concerned. I granted liberty to apply if there
was no agreement on the other terms. Both the judgement creditor and the
judgment debtors have appealed against my decision.

2 The background was briefly as follows. On 3 April 2003 the judgement
creditors obtained part judgment against the judgment debtors in the sum of
$1,468,845.24, interest thereon at 6% per annum from the date of the writ (19
December 2002) to date of Judgment (3 April 2003). On 17 April 2003, the
judgment creditors obtained a Garnishee Order to Show Cause. The adjourned
hearing for the Garnishee to show cause was fixed for 9 May 2003. The
solicitors for the judgment creditors were expressly directed by the Assistant
registrar to inform the judgment debtors of the hearing date. To all intents
and purposes, it was understood by the judgment debtors, quite properly and at
any rate, that the hearing would be on 9 May 2003.

3 On 6 May 2003, the judgment creditors appeared before the Assistant
Registrar on duty and unilaterally moved forward the hearing date of the
Garnishee Order to Show Cause from 9 May 2003 to 6 May 2003. They also sought
and obtained a Garnishee Order Absolute in the sum of $1,505,000.00. At the
hearing, the judgment creditors’ solicitors failed to disclose to the
Assistant Registrar the following facts:-

(a) the judgment debtors had made an application by way of Originating Summons
653 of 200/D to convene a creditors’ meeting to propose a Scheme of
Arrangement (‘the Scheme’) under Section 210 of the Companies Act, Cap. 50
(‘the Act’);

(b) there was also in the said application an application to stay all pending
proceedings; and

(c) in the said application, the judgment debtors had filed an affidavit where
they had stated that they were insolvent.

4 On 23 May 2003, the judgment debtors’ application to set aside the Garnishee
Order Absolute on the ground, inter alia, of material non-disclosure was
dismissed by an Assistant Registrar. On 8 July 2003, the appeal against the
dismissal of this order was heard by me. I was satisfied that there was
material non-disclosure on the part of the judgment creditors and set aside
the Garnishee Order Absolute with costs to be paid by the judgment creditors
fixed at $1,500. I also ordered that the judgment creditors pay into court the
sum that was garnished amounting to $1,505,000.00.

5 The judgment creditors’ solicitors wrote in for further arguments on 10 July
2003. They also required that in lieu of payment into Court, they provide a
banker’s guarantee with “the wording to be agreed or determined by (the High
Court)”. My attention was drawn to section 260 read with section 255(2) and
section 334(2)(b) of the Companies Act, Cap. 50. They govern the attachment of
assets of a company placed in liquidation such that attachments that are
incomplete at the time of presentation of a winding up petition are void. It
was noted, and I agreed, that attachment in terms of the section 334(2)(b) of
the Companies Act, Cap. 50 is deemed to be complete only when the attached or
garnished funds are received.

Section 260 reads:

‘Any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution put in force against the
estate or effects of the company after the commencement of the winding up by
the Court shall be void.’

Section 255(2) reads:

‘(2) In any other case the winding up shall be deemed to have commenced at the
time of the presentation of the petition for the winding up.’

Section 334(2)(b) reads:

‘(2) For the purposes of this section –

…

(b) an attachment of a debt is completed by receipt of the debts; and …’

6 The judgment creditors were concerned, in my view rightly, to avoid the
situation where upon lifting of the stay of proceedings, there might be some
time (in the light of the first orders I made in the appeal, which I shall
come to presently) before payment out of the funds from court was effected
such that if, in the intervening period, winding-up proceedings were commenced
against the judgment debtors, the judgment creditors might be prevented from
receiving the said funds.

7 I now turn to the first set of orders I made on 8 July, 2003. On that
occasion, I allowed the appeal with costs fixed at $1,500. I set aside the
Garnishee Order Absolute. I further ordered that if the stay of proceedings
against the judgment debtor under section 210 of the Act is lifted, ipso facto
the Garnishee Order Nisi would become absolute and money in court shall be
paid to the solicitors of the judgment creditor. I further ordered that any
money paid under the Garnishee be paid into court to abide by further
directions.

8 I made those first set of orders, having taken into account the material
disclosures but I also thought that setting aside the order absolute without
conditions was too disproportionate as a consequence and I sought to protect
and preserve the ‘fruits of vigilance’ on the part of the judgment creditors.

9 When the issue of the completion of attachment of the garnished debt was
further raised, as to what might happen during the lag in time when payment
out by the court after payment in, I amended my earlier orders and made the
orders I did.

Appeal allowed  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

