Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Asia Business Forum Pte Ltd v Long Ai Sin and Another  
[2003] SGHC 187

Case Number | : | Suit 949/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 August 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tito Isaac and Sadique Marican (Tito Isaac & Co) for the Plaintiff; Low Chai Chong and Henry Heng (Rodyk & Davidson) for the Defendants   
Parties | : |  Asia Business Forum Pte Ltd — Long Ai Sin; Pacific Conferences Pte Ltd   
  
Employment Law – Employees’ duties – Post-employment duties – Confidentiality
and trade secrets – Protected information – Whether information amounting to
trade secrets or information accorded protection as trade secrets  
  

1\. This is a case of an employer which feels aggrieved by a former employee
who becomes its competitor. The employer in this case is the plaintiff. The
ex-employee is the first defendant. The second defendant is the company the
first defendant set up with her husband.

2\. The plaintiff is a conference producer and have been in the business since
1992. The first defendant was employed by the plaintiff as a Conference
Producer in January 1995. She was promoted to Conference Group Manager in
October 1996 and she left the plaintiff in September 1999.

3\. The first defendant took on several jobs after leaving the plaintiff. She
came back into the conference producing industry through the second defendant,
and produced the first conference in August 2001.

4\. The plaintiff takes objection to that. Its complaint is that the first
defendant had disclosed to the second defendant the plaintiff’s highly
confidential information and trade secrets and allowed the latter to use them.
It seeks permanent injunctions against both defendants from dealing with the
information, delivery up of documents in books containing the information,
damages or an account of profits made by them from the use of the information.

5\. The plaintiff defined the trade secrets and highly confidential
information in the further and better particulars it furnished. The trade
secrets are identified as

The Plaintiffs’ Training Manual consisting of highly confidential information
and trade secrets. This manual sets out the Plaintiff’s business model and
techniques in conference organizing a conference from the first stage in topic
selection, to research, marketing and running the conference. It also embodies
the Plaintiffs’ unique system of work including briefing procedures, reporting
forms, various formats and templates, etc.

6\. The confidential information is defined as

The Plaintiffs’ database and contact information under the following
categories:-

1\. The Plaintiffs’ database information _comprising of_ _speakers_ with full
contact details, name of company, addresses and telephone numbers for
conferences _produced by the 1 st Defendant._

2\. The Plaintiffs’ database information _comprising of speakers_ with full
contact details, name of company, addresses and telephone numbers for
conference _supervised by the 1 st Defendant._

3\. The Plaintiffs’ database information _comprising of delegates_ for all
conferences _produced by the 1 st Defendant._

4\. The Plaintiffs’ database information _comprising of delegates_ for all
conferences _supervised by the 1 st Defendant._

5\. The Plaintiffs’ database information comprising of _A-code or contact
lists_ for conferences _produced by the 1 st Defendant._

6\. The Plaintiffs’ database information comprising of _A-code or contact
lists_ for conferences _supervised by the 1 st Defendant._

7\. Business cards of contacts and prospects including speakers, delegates,
sponsors, publications and suppliers, obtained by the 1st Defendant during her
course of employment, and which were not surrendered to the Plaintiffs when
she left.

(Emphasis added).

7\. By this description the plaintiff does not base its claim on its entire
database, but only those parts of it containing information related to
conferences produced or supervised by the first defendant.

8\. There is no direct allegation that the first defendant took with her the
training manual or any part of the database. The closest the statement of
claim came to identifying the first defendant’s use or misuse of the alleged
trade secrets and confidential information is

The 2nd Defendant could not have developed, produced or conducted _the
Conference_ without inter alia :-

(i) The disclosure by the 1st Defendant to the 2nd Defendants of the highly
confidential items and trade secrets of the Plaintiffs …

(ii) The disclosure by the 1st Defendant to the 2nd Defendants of the
popularity and profitability of each of _the Conferences_ and the Plaintiffs’
underlying work-plan.

Owing to the complexity, depth and level of sophistication of the …
Plaintiffs’ system of work, the Plaintiffs will invite the inference that one
or both of the foregoing disclosures must have taken place between the 1st and
2nd Defendants.[1]

(Emphasis added)

without identifying “the Conference” and “the Conferences”.

9\. The duty of an employee to protect his employer’s information is discussed
by the Court of Appeal in _Faccenda Chicken Ltd v Fowler_ [1986] 3 WLR 288 and
by our Court of Appeal in _Tang Siew Choy & Ors v Certact Pte Ltd_ [1993] 3
SLR 44. While he is under his employer, he cannot use or disclose his
employer’s confidential information except in the discharge of his duties as
employee. After he has left his employment, there is an enduring duty on him
not to use or disclose his former employer’s information which “can properly
be classed as a trade secret or as material which, while not properly to be
described as a trade secret, is in all the circumstances of such a highly
confidential nature as to require the same protection as a trade secret _eo
nomine_ ” - per Neill LJ in _Faccenda Chicken_ at p 300.

10\. What information is protected post-employment? Neill LJ acknowledged that
“(i)t is clearly impossible to provide a list of matters which will qualify as
trade secrets or their equivalent.” He pointed to secret processes of
manufacture as obvious examples of trade secrets. He also listed several
factors relevant in identifying a trade secret – whether the circulation of
the information is restricted, whether the employee is instructed that the
information is confidential, and whether the information is easily isolated
from other information that the employee is free to use or disclose. It must
be remembered that these are not conclusive. The over-zealous characterisation
and over-protective treatment of information would not transform information
of unexceptional confidentiality into a trade secret.

11\. The plaintiff regards its training manual as a trade secret. It claims
that

The Plaintiffs’ training manual describes in detail and _the step by step
approach on how the Plaintiffs go about organizing its conferences,_ selecting
and evaluating topics, researching issues, developing draft programs,
marketing, maintaining its database and running its conferences. These are
highly valuable and protected, by applying the Plaintiffs’ _work processes,
its peculiar documents, forms and templates_ in order to achieve the
Plaintiffs’ objectives and success. The Plaintiffs regard these as
confidential information and property and which belong to the Plaintiffs.

…

Unlike _some training companies which organise seminars aimed at individuals
for self-motivation and self-improvement, or exhibition-related seminars_
which are driven by vendors, the Plaintiffs’ conference concept, approach and
method in producing and marketing its conferences are completely different.[2]

(Emphasis added)

It is interesting that the comparison is made against _training companies_ ,
and not against organisers of conferences for businesses and professions like
the plaintiff.[3] The plaintiff does not say if its conference concept,
approach and method are completely different from that of other conference
organisers.

12\. The manual is a comprehensive compilation touching on every aspect of
conference organisation. But does that make it a trade secret that an ex-
employee like the first defendant cannot use? It is interesting that the
confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions in the first defendant’s
contract of employment do not mention the manual when they referred to the
information that was protected, and that the manual was not marked
“Confidential”. While it does not mean that the manual cannot be a trade
secret because it was not specifically referred to, the omission may lead an
employee to believe that the plaintiff did not consider it to be secret or
confidential.

13\. The first defendant admitted that two documents used by the second
defendants were similar to the plaintiffs’. These were a direct mail promotion
form and a research report. The similarity is that the section headings in the
second defendant’s versions of those documents were the same to those in the
plaintiff’s documents.

14\. It can be inferred that the forms of those documents were modelled on the
plaintiff’s documents. But the contents were not copied, and were the second
defendant’s own. The bare forms contain little information in themselves. They
set out the information to be recorded. They become informative after they are
completed.

15\. In _Sir W C Leng & Co Ltd v Andrews_ [1909] 1 CH 763 Farwell LJ stated at
773-4 an employer cannot

… prevent his employee from using the skill and knowledge in his trade or
profession which he has learnt in the course of his employment by means of
directions or instructions from the employer. That information and that
additional skill he is entitled to use for the benefit of himself and the
benefit of the public who gain the advantage of his having had such admirable
instruction. The case in which the Court interferes for the purpose of
protection is where use is made, not of the skill which the man may have
acquired, but of the secrets of the trade or profession which he had no right
to reveal to any one else … a man who goes into an office is entitled to make
use in any other office, whether his own or that of another employer, of the
knowledge which he has acquired in the former of details of office
organisation, such as the establishment of one department with a chief or head
and grades of subordinates under him, the desirability of establishing local
centres of information … and the like. _To acquire the knowledge of the
reasonable mode of general organisation and management of a business of this
kind, and to make use of such knowledge, cannot be regarded as a breach of
confidence_ in revealing anything acquired by reason of a person having been
in any particular service, although the person may have learnt it in the
course of being taught his trade; but it would be a breach of confidence to
reveal trade secrets, such as prices, &c., or any secret process or things of
a nature which the man was not entitled to reveal.

(Emphasis added)

16\. Lord Atkinson endorsed the passage as “thoroughly sound” in _Herbert
Morris Ltd v Saxelby_ [1916] AC 688 at 705 and Pearson LJ said in _Commercial
Plastics Ltd v Vincent_ [1964] 1 QB 623 that a company’s scheme of
organisation and methods of business are not counted as trade secrets.
_Halsbury’s Laws of England_ (4th Edn Vol. 8(1) para 412) states “(k)nowledge
of the reasonable mode of general organisation and management of a business
may well not be a trade secret.”

17\. I agree with their lordships. I can understand _Halsbury’s_ use of the
words “may well not be” rather than “cannot”. It is prudent to leave the door
open to an employer to show that its organisation or business method deserves
that protection. It is possible for there to be businesses of exceptional
sensitivity which require and deserve greater protection. Of course that would
have to be exceptional cases where this information is imbued with the
qualities of trade secret.

18\. What are the qualities of a trade secret? A trade secret can be in any
form. It can be simple or complex. It can be the result of intense thought and
immense effort, or it may be a chance discovery. It is not possible to state
comprehensively the necessary make-up of a trade secret.

19\. Other paths can be taken to come to a conclusion. As Neill LJ indicated,
the control and use of the information can be looked at (see para 10). It
could be asked whether the information ought not to be used by the employee
even after the cessation of employment. If the answer is in the negative, the
information will not be regarded as a trade secret.

20\. Farwell LJ, Lord Atkinson and Pearson LJ had laid down the general
proposition that the mode of general organisation and management of a business
is not entitled to such protection. The plaintiff’s case is that its business
organisation and management set out in its training manual nevertheless
deserve protection. The onus is on the plaintiff to prove that. It sought to
do that by its contention that it has (a) expended much time, labour and
expense to collate the information and build its database; (b) painstakingly
created, compiled and arranged particular documents, forms and templates in
its own way over the years; (c) developed a very organised system of work and
procedures to complement its own business model, methodology and system which
have proven successful.[4]

21\. It failed to show why, when information on the organisation and
management of businesses is not generally protected as trade secrets, it
should receive greater protection. It did not make out a case why its former
employees should not benefit from the knowledge a work and organisation system
they were instructed to follow.

22\. Conference organisation is not a restricted business. There are few if
any restrictions against any party who wishes to join the industry. The first
defendant pointed out there are many books published on the skills and
business of conference management. Knowledge of the trade can be acquired
legitimately. The plaintiff’s Group Managing Director Yeap Ban Hwa started
business in conference organising with only three and a half months’
experience with her previous employer, and the plaintiff then developed its
business successfully through its own endeavours. I cannot see anything that
takes this business apart from other businesses. It is not so sensitive or
fragile as to need special protection.

23\. The next area of information is the plaintiff’s database. As noted, the
plaintiff claimed protection for (a) database information of speakers in
conferences produced or supervised by the first defendant, (b) database
information of delegates for conferences produced or supervised by the first
defendant, and (c) database information on its A-code or contact lists for
conferences produced or supervised by the first defendant (see para 6). The
A-code contains the names of _potential_ delegates and speakers[5] and there
can be hundreds of potential speakers for a conference with 14-16 speakers.[6]
These names are taken from newspapers, magazines, the database and other
sources.[7]

24\. Ms Yeap complained that “81% of the delegate companies in _the
Defendants’ delegates’ list_ produced for the 2nd Defendants’ Corporate
Branding conference in May 2002, are the same delegates or A-code names from
_the Plaintiffs’ database_.”[8] (Emphasis added). There was no indication how
many of those names came from the “secret” parts of the plaintiff’s database.

25\. The plaintiff contends in the closing submissions that “the duplication
rate for delegates at 78% (47 out of 60 companies) and speakers at 81% (21 out
of 26) between the Plaintiffs and the 2nd Defendants’ databases, are extremely
high. The Plaintiffs submit that this further evidences that the Defendants
have taken, copied and/or used the Plaintiffs’ database of speakers, delegates
and A-codes.”[9] This is at odds with Ms Yeap’s claim of a 81% duplication of
delegates.

26\. Several questions arise. Why were there comparisons made against the
plaintiff’s whole database instead of the parts it claims protection for? What
would the figures be if the comparisons are made against those parts only? The
second defendant had compiled its own lists, purchased and rented lists and
worked with media partners to publicise its conferences. Without knowing the
scope and depth of these information, is there a basis for complaint over the
level of duplication? The plaintiff does not provide any answers to these
questions.

27\. Over and above this, the plaintiff does not have any evidence that the
defendants have used any information in its database. It has no evidence that
the first defendant copied any part of it when she resigned. No attempt was
made to obtain an Anton Piller order to get proof of that. The whole
allegation is made by comparing the second defendant’s conference figures
against its own database. This is, for the reasons stated, not enough.

28\. For the present purposes I accept that the specific parts of the database
identified by the plaintiff are highly confidential and cannot be used by the
first defendant after she left the company and that it would be wrong for her
to make copies from the database and take them with her when she left.

29\. However the plaintiff has not proved to my satisfaction that the
defendants have the information or have used it. It has not gathered or
produced enough evidence to support its claims.

30\. Following from these findings, the whole of the plaintiff’s action is
dismissed with costs.

  

* * *

[1] Statement of Claim paras 26-7

[2]Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Yeap Ban Hwa paras 25 and 38

[3]Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Yeap Ban Hwa para 17

[4] Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Yeap Ban Hwa para 153

[5] Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Yeap Ban Hwa para 90

[6] Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Leong Yee Ling paras 14 -18

[7] Notes of Evidence page 165

[8] Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Yeap Ban Hwa para 165

[9] Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions para 95

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Aug 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

