Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tang Kay Heng Alan v Purwadi  
[2003] SGHC 312

Case Number | : | Suit 1435/2002/D  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 December 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Hong Seng (Tan Lim & Wong) for plaintiff; Leonard Hazra and Chan Hoe (David Lim & Partners) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Tang Kay Heng Alan — Purwadi   
  
Contract – Formation – Purported commission sharing agreement between parties
– Whether binding contract entered between parties.  
  
Contract – Formation – Whether plaintiff sued the right party.  
  

1\. The plaintiff sued the defendant for his share of commission in a deal he
claimed he helped to put through as broker.

2\. The deal involved 42.1% of the shares of a Chinese company which operates
a toll road in China. The shares were held by Spring Sun International Ltd
(“SSI”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Spring Sun Highway Ltd (“SSH”). The
transaction was carried out by SSH selling all the shares of SSI, thus
indirectly, the 42.1% shares of the Chinese company. The purchaser was IPCO
International Ltd (“IPCO”), a Singapore listed company. The defendant was a
director and the chairman of IPCO.

3\. At the close of the plaintiff’s case, counsel for the defendant submitted
that there was no case for the defendant to answer, and accepted that if the
submission was made and failed, the defendant cannot enter his defence. After
hearing submissions from both counsel, I dismissed the claim. The plaintiff
appeals against my decision.

_The plaintiff’s case_

4\. SSI and SSH were under the control of Chng Heng Tiu (“Chng”), an old and
good friend of the plaintiff. Chng had asked the plaintiff to look for a buyer
for the 42.1% shares.

5\. The plaintiff worked on the assignment and introduced Chng to the
defendant. The negotiations were carried out between Chng, the defendant, Ong
Chee Hong (“Ong”) and the plaintiff.

6\. Chng agreed on behalf of SSH to pay the plaintiff US$7.5m for his
services. It was also agreed that commissions of US$15m and US$7.5m were to be
paid to the defendant and Ong respectively.

7\. The plaintiff, the defendant and Ong decided to use a company as the
vehicle for receiving their commissions. The plaintiff found a shelf company
for the purpose, Lotos Investments Ltd (“Lotos”) a British Virgin Islands
company. While only Ong was registered as the director and shareholder of the
company, it was their company.

8\. Arrangements were then made for SSH to issue a letter to Lotos dated 1
July 1999 wherein SSH confirmed the appointment of Lotos as its broker in
selling “our wholly owned subsidiary M/s Spring Sun International Ltd and/or
our 42.1% interests in [the Chinese company] including shareholder’s advances
and accrued interest” and agreed to pay Lotos or its nominees the commission
of US$30m.

9\. The plaintiff, the defendant and Ong took steps to record the sharing of
the US$30m. A Commission Sharing Agreement was made on 30 December 1999
between them. This was typed on SSH’s letter of 1 July 1999 and it reads

_Commission Sharing Agreement_

1\. Tang Kay Heng’s group of companies US$7.5 million __ [signature]

2\. Thew Ah Ba’s group of companies US$7.5 million ____ [signature]

3\. Purwadi’s group of companies US$15.00 million _____ [signature]

> > > > > Dated 30th December 1999

(Ong’s name does not appear in the agreement. Instead one Thew Ah Ba is named.
The plaintiff did not know who he is, and did not offer any explanation for
the absence of Ong’s name.)

10\. By a letter from Lotos to SSH dated 8 July 2000, it was confirmed that
the US$30m was to be deducted from the price the defendant was to pay to SSH
for the purchase of SSI shares by the defendant, and that payment was to be
made to Lotos’ receiving party Acostar Holding Ltd (“Acostar”). The defendant
also undertook to deduct the US$30m and pay it to Acostar _on_ _demand_. (The
sale of the SSI shares was arranged so that IPCO was to pay SSH for all the
shares of SSI with IPCO shares, and that the defendant would purchase the IPCO
shares from SSH.)

11\. The plaintiff did not receive his commission, and sues the defendant for

1\. the sum of US$7,500,000.00 pursuant to the “Commission Sharing Agreement”
evidenced in writing on 30 December 1999 or damages in breach of the same;

2\. alternatively US$7,500,000.00 as monies had and received to the use of the
Plaintiff;

3\. alternatively an account of all monies or value received and payment of
the sum found due;

4\. alternatively damages.

_The pleaded defence_

12\. Although the defendant elected not to make his defence, it is
nevertheless necessary to consider his pleaded defence to establish those
elements of the plaintiff’s claim which are admitted, which the plaintiff does
not have to prove, and those which are disputed, and have to be proved.

13\. The defendant denied that

(i) the plaintiff was SSH’s appointed broker;

(ii) the plaintiff introduced Chng to him;

(iii) there was any agreement for the payment of commission to him, the
plaintiff and Ong; and

(iv) he signed the Commission Sharing Agreement.

14\. The defendant admitted that he “agreed with Chng/SSH and Ong as the sole
beneficial owner of Lotos and that the Defendant will deduct and pay to Lotos
the amount of US$30 million from the amount payable by the Defendant to SSH
for the purchase of the new IPCO shares from SSH”.

**Examination of the plaintiff’s case**

_The plaintiff’s right to a commission_

15\. The plaintiff did not call Chng, Ong or anyone else to corroborate his
appointment as broker and his entitlement to a commission.

16\. To the contrary, he admitted to executing a statutory declaration on 20
December 2000 in which he deposed that

I did not at any time introduce nor was I responsible for procuring or
securing the sale of Spring Sun International Ltd to Ipco International
Limited. For the avoidance of doubt, I was not involved in, whether by myself,
by my nominee companies or otherwise, any sale of Spring Sun International Ltd
whether in whole or in part to Ipco International Limited or to any other
party.

17\. Then he made matters worse for himself when he tried to reconcile that
with his claim. He deposed in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief[1] that his
statutory declaration is not incorrect because Chng’s instructions were to get
a buyer for the 42.1% shares in the Chinese company (as contrasted to the
shares of SSI), without regard to the terms of SSH’s letter of appointment of
1 July 1999. In his sophistry, he did not address the fact that IPCO did not
purchase SSI’s 42.1% stake in the Chinese company, it bought 100% of the SSI
shares from SSH. If he wants to maintain the distinction he was making, he
should also accept that he had not complied with Chng’s instructions and he
should not be entitled to any commission.

18\. In any event, he moved from that line under cross-examination when he
agreed with the defendant’s counsel that the statutory declaration was
entirely inconsistent with his evidence.[2] On his own case, he lied twice on
the same issue, when he made the statutory declaration, and when he tried to
explain it away.

_The commission sharing agreement_

19\. The plaintiff’s case is that his document sets out the division of the
US$30m commission between himself, the defendant and Ong.

20\. The agreement, on its face, does not reflect that. Ong was not named as a
party or a recipient. Instead the mysterious Thew Ah Ba signed. Ong was to
receive nothing as the payment was to be made to Thew’s group of companies.

21\. Furthermore, the agreement does not even say that the plaintiff is to
receive a share of the commission. It refers to “Tang Kay Heng’s group of
companies”. The group of companies is not identified in the agreement, and the
plaintiff did not offer any explanation at the trial. No attempt was made to
show that “Tang Kay Heng’s group of companies” is synonymous with Tang Kay
Heng. The onus was on him to show that he was the intended recipient.

_The plaintiff’s right to sue the defendant_

22\. The plaintiff’s case is that he, the defendant and Ong had acquired Lotos
and arranged with SSH that the commission was to be paid to Lotos. Lotos was
then to parcel out the commission to them. As so explained, Lotos was the
collection agent for the three of them.

23\. In his statement of claim the plaintiff also alleged that “(t)he
Plaintiff also constituted the Defendant his agent to make arrangements with
SSH for Lotos to receive his commission of US$7.5 million from SSH and to
account to the Plaintiff for the same.”[3] Having pleaded that, he only
deposed in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief “I … left it to the Defendant
and Ong to arrange how my commission would be paid by SSH to Lotos”, without
saying that he wanted the defendant to be his agent for that purpose, or that
the defendant agreed to be his agent.

24\. In order to make payment Lotos must receive the commission. However the
plaintiff acknowledged that by the letter of 8 July 2000, Lotos had confirmed
that the US$30m was to be paid by the defendant to Acostar. When Lotos agreed
that the commission was to be paid to Acostar, it ceased to be the receiving
party.

25\. The defendant’s liability was to pay Acostar on demand. There was no
assertion that the payment was due. There was no allegation or evidence that
Acostar had demanded payment of the US$30m.

26\. The plaintiff did not take into account the implications and consequences
of the changes in the arrangements for the payment of the US$30m. He just took
the position that he was suing the defendant because the defendant had
undertaken to pay the US$30m to Lotos.[4] This was contrary to Lotos’
confirmation, and the defendant’s undertaking of 8 July 2000 that the US$30m
was to be paid to Acostar.

_The defendant’s submissions_

27\. Counsel for the defendant submitted that there was no case to answer on
the grounds that (i) accepting the plaintiff’s evidence at face value, no case
was been established in law, and (ii) the evidence led from the plaintiff was
so unsatisfactory or unreliable that the court should find that the burden of
proof has not been discharged.

_My findings_

28\. There were fundamental defects in the plaintiff’s case. The commission
sharing agreement on which he based his claim does not give him to any share
of the commission.

29\. His own case is that Lotos was the collection vehicle for him, the
defendant and Ong. Consequently Lotos should sue for the commission if it is
not paid. However, by the letter of 8 July 2000 the payment was to be made to
Acostar on demand. If the US$30m was not received upon demand, Acostar should
sue the defendant for it. The plaintiff has no basis to sue the defendant for
his alleged share of the US$30m.

30\. The foregoing conclusions are arrived at on the acceptance of the
plaintiff’s evidence at face value. When the evidence was considered, I found
it to be very unsatisfactory. When his claim as broker and his entitlement to
the commission was disputed he produced no documents to substantiate that, and
did not call any one from SSH to corroborate his claim. He wanted the court to
take him at his word, even when he admitted that he had executed a statutory
declaration that contradicted the very basis of his claim. He pleaded that the
defendant was his agent for collecting the commission, but lead no evidence on
that, not even from himself. He was as difficult to understand as to believe.

31\. The plaintiff’s case was seriously flawed in law and on the facts, and
was not supported by any credible evidence. He had failed to make out his
claim on a balance of probabilities. For these reasons his claim was dismissed
with costs without the defence being heard.

  

* * *

[1] at para 33

[2] Notes of Evidence page 38

[3] Amended Statement of Claim para 9

[4] Notes of Evidence pages 30, 31, Amended Statement of Claim para 14

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Dec 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

