Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Housing & Development Board (a body incorporated under the Housing &
Development Act) v Microform Precision Industries Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 214

Case Number | : | Suit 1230/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Foo Say Tun and Kalyani Rajendran (Wee Tay & Lim) for plaintiffs; Shriniwas Rai (Hin Rai & Tan) for defendants   
Parties | : |  Housing & Development Board (a body incorporated under the Housing & Development Act) — Microform Precision Industries Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Conditions – Whether burden to fulfil
conditions on lessee or lessor.  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Implied terms – Whether implied term justified
when there was known risk.  
  
Contract – Frustration – Foreseeability – Whether contract frustrated when
risk of not procuring access to land known.  
  

1 The defendants are manufacturers of machine tools and jigs. They leased a
piece of land from the plaintiffs at Ang Mo Kio Industrial Park Street 63,
hereinafter to be referred to as ‘Plot 1’. The lease was for 30 years with an
option to extend for another 30 years. The defendants constructed a factory
building on this piece of land and their business became very successful. It
would be useful to describe the location of Plot 1 before proceeding further
with the narrative of the largely undisputed facts. As one stands on Street 63
facing the defendants’ factory, one would see a drainage reserve and another
factory next to Plot 1 on its left. Behind Plot 1 is a piece of vacant land
also belonging to the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs sub-divided that vacant land
into two lots. The larger of the two shall be referred to as ‘Plot 2’. The
second, smaller portion was reserved for a Hindu temple. There is an access
from the smaller portion past the Chinese temple to Street 63. Plot 2 is
locked in by a drainage reserve on its left (as one faces it from the
defendants’ factory), the defendants’ factory and part of the Chinese temple
anteriorly. The portion reserved for the Hindu temple is on its right. There
is a road that runs across the posterior of Plot 2. However, the Land
Authority notified the defendants that that road is reserved for the Ministry
of Defence and is not accessible to the defendants. Plot 2 is thus completely
land-locked with no ostensible access.

2 The present dispute between the parties arose in this way. In early 1994 the
defendants wrote to the plaintiffs indicating an interest in leasing Plot 2
from them. By a letter dated 19 November 1996 the plaintiffs offered to lease
Plot 2 to the defendants for 21 years with an option to renew for 30 years. It
was not disputed that the parties agreed to start with 21 years for the Plot 2
lease so that that lease would tie up neatly with the lease of Plot 1, and the
lease for the two plots would thereafter run concurrently for 21 years (and an
option for a further 30). Plot 2 consists of 2,887 square metres of land. The
rent was eventually agreed at $216,381.00 per annum payable quarterly. The
plaintiffs’ letter of offer is important. The salient parts are reproduced as
follows:

‘We are pleased to inform you that HDB has agreed to lease to your company the
industrial land having an area of approx _2,886.9 sq m_ (subject to final
survey) at Ang Mo Kio Industrial Park 3 (as shown edged in red on the attached
Plan A) for “Manufacture of semiconductor tooling, trim & form die set &
system, precision machining & automation equipment”.

2 _TERMS OF LEASE_

The lease of the abovementioned site will be subject to the following:

(a) 21 + 30 years lease wef _1 Jan 97_ at _$216,374_ pa ($74.95 psm pa)
excluding GST payable and the 10% levy if plot ratio of the development is
less than 1.0;

(b) to comply with PCD’s requirements as per attached letter dated 15 Oct 96;

(c) to comply with the requirements from all the relevant authorities, eg URA,
Land Office, LTA, CAAS etc; and

(d) terms and conditions of lease as shown under Annexure B.

The land will be allocated in as it is condition.

3 _PAYMENT OF RENTAL & OTHERS_

Please arrange to forward us a cheque for the amount of _$55,716.31_ , being
quarterly rent of _$54,093.50_ and 3% GST of _$1,622.81_ , made payable to
“HDB” being the first quarterly rent (i.e. 1 Jan 97 – 31 Mar 97) to reach us
_7_ days _before 1 Jan 97_. The tax invoice for the next 12 months is enclosed
for your use.

…

8 _ACCEPTANCE OF OFFER_

Kindly let us have your written confirmation (company’s resolution) of your
acceptance of our offer of lease within the next 10 days. You are required to
remit the payment of the 1st quarter’s Rent/ GST 1 week before the lease
commencement date, i.e. by _25 Dec 96_.’

3 The defendants accepted the offer by letter dated 4 December 1996 and sent
their first quarterly cheque on 8 January 1997. It will be seen that on
record, the defendants had to confirm acceptance within ten days from 19
November 1996, i.e. by 29 November 1996. They had also to remit payment of the
first quarterly rent by 25 December 1996. The defendants were late on both
counts but no issue arose from this. The defendants took possession of Plot 2
from 1 January 1997 and paid rent up to 30 June 1997 but had defaulted since 1
July 1997. On 14 April 2000, the plaintiffs’ solicitors wrote to the
defendants stating that the contract had been repudiated and demanded payment
of arrears of rent and delivery of vacant possession. The defendants pleaded
frustration of contract and estoppel as their defence. However, only the
frustration defence was advanced with vigour at trial. So far as the defence
of estoppel was concerned, Mr Rai, counsel for the defendants, submitted that
there was an implied warranty in the contract that ‘the site could be used as
an industrial land to build a factory’. The defence rests on this simple point
– that since the defendants were unable to secure access to Plot 2 they could
not build a factory there and, consequently, the contract was at an end by
virtue of the doctrine of frustration.

4 The full picture is not so simple. As early as 24 October 1994, two years
before the plaintiffs’ offer of lease, the defendants were already interested
in leasing Plot 2, were aware of a problem concerning access to Plot 2. By a
letter of that date, Archispace Designs (who were the architects for the
defendants) wrote to the plaintiffs informing them of a potential problem with
access. Mr Hector Chia, the architect in charge from Archispace deposed in his
affidavit that the plaintiffs replied by letter dated 9 November 1994 that
they (the plaintiffs) ‘still insisted on access from the existing factory’.
The letter cannot be understood in that way. All it said was, ‘Please forward
the schematic plan on the proposed new development _and the_ _proposed
vehicular flow via the existing building in front_ ’ (my emphasis). Far from
an insistence from the plaintiffs, it appears to be a proposal from
Archispace. By letter dated 22 April 1995 the Public Works Department referred
to Archispace’s consultation with them and set out the PWD’s position very
unequivocally as follows:

‘This stretch of Yio Chu Kang Road is for the exclusive use by MINDEF and as
such your proposed second access to be taken from this road is not supported.’

On 10 July 1995 Archispace wrote to MINDEF asking them to consider allowing
emergency access through Old Yio Chu Kang Road for the Civil Defence fire
engines should the need arises. They received a reply dated 19 July 1995
saying that -

‘we are in no position to allocate the subject land and you are advised to
approach Land Office for the allocation. The Old Yio Chu Kang Road is also
shared by other users and permission from PWD is necessary. We are not
managing the road which falls on State land.’

Archispace then forwarded MINDEF’s letter of 19 July to the plaintiffs. The
architects told the plaintiffs that they could not understand why the Old Yio
Chu Kang Road could not be used for emergency access when it was ‘shared by
others’.

5 About a year later with nothing significant transpiring between the
plaintiffs and the defendants in the interim, the plaintiffs wrote to
Archispace enquiring whether their clients (the defendants) were ‘still
interested on the additional land’. This letter was dated 5 August 1996 and
Archispace replied on the same day to say that the defendants were still
interested, and asked for the ‘procedures and conditions to secure the land so
that the lease could be finalised’. Archispace’s letter also, inexplicably,
stated that ‘our preliminary discussion with MINDEF reveals that the Old Yio
Chu Kang Road is accessible to the public and can be used as an access to the
site’. No evidence was led to justify this statement. In fact, to the
contrary, the only letter from MINDEF was the one they received a year ago
denying access. Archispace wrote a further letter to the plaintiffs dated 21
August 1996 in which, among other matters, it stated that the PWD ‘confirmed
that the Old Yio Chu Kang Road was for the exclusive use of MINDEF’. They went
on to say in their letter that ‘we subsequently wrote to MINDEF to allow
emergency access only but was pleasantly surprised that MINDEF approved the
access as it is “shared by other users”.’ This last statement was untrue.
MINDEF did not approve access. Their statement was clear. They had no
authority to grant access. That lay with the PWD who had expressly refused to
grant access.

6 On 1 November 1996 the plaintiffs wrote directly to the defendants asking if
they were still interested in the additional land (‘Plot 2’) with a lease of
21 plus 30 years with effect from 1 January 1997 at the rate of $74.95.
Archispace replied in the affirmative on behalf of the defendants.  Hence, the
plaintiffs’ letter of offer dated 9 November 1996 was given to the defendants.
The defendants accepted the lease on 4 December 1996 without qualification.
This is significant because two days before that, their architects
(Archispace) wrote to the Land Transport Authority asking if the LTA would
confirm that access could be obtained through the Old Yio Chu Kang Road. The
LTA wrote on 12 December 1996 asking to meet Archispace to discuss the access
question. Archispace only replied on 9 January 1997 asking to meet on 13 or 14
January 1997. Archispace alluded to their meeting with LTA in their letter
about two months later (dated 14 March 1997) to the plaintiffs. They said:

‘Although the issue of whether Old Yio Chu Kang Road next to the MINDEF camp
is usable by public is “resolved”, we understand from informal discussions
with LTA recently that this “Public Cat 3 Road”, may not be built in the near
future.’

Several months later, Archispace wrote a letter to the Urban Redevelopment
Authority dated 23 May 1997 confirming that ‘the proposed future vehicular
traffic entry and exit as shown on Drawing No. 00/A-RA is to be removed from
the submission set as the Land Transport Authority has no future plans of
upgrading the “Old Yio Chu Kang Road” in the near future.’ On 28 August 1997
Archispace wrote to the plaintiffs to say that the defendants were “concerned”
that at the moment, they were liable to pay the rentals for the additional
land and were also unable to proceed with their planned development.

7 On the facts above, Mr Rai made an impassioned submission on behalf of the
defendants that the contract of lease for Plot 2 must be deemed to be
frustrated. But what really frustrated it? Mr Rai says that because the
authorities had refused them access through the Old Yio Chu Kang Road Plot 2
had become land-locked and totally inaccessible. That, he says, was the
frustration. Counsel’s crutch was the Reid test in _Davis Contractors Ltd v
Fareham Urban District Council_ [1956] AC 696, 721, cited with approval in
_Singapore Woodcraft Manufacturing v Mok Ah Sai_ [1978-79] SLR 516, 519 as
follows:

‘The question is whether the contract which they did make is, on its true
construction, wide enough to apply to the new situation: if it is not, then it
is at an end …’

Counsel also relied on _Lim Kim Som v Sheriffa Taiba Bte Abdul Rahman_ [1994]
1 SLR 393. In that case, the appellant was served with the 21-day notice to
complete the purchase of land he had contracted to buy from the respondent. On
the same day, a declaration was made under s 5 of the Land Acquisition Act, Ch
272 whereby the subject of the sale was declared to be acquired by the
government. The appellant refused to complete, pleading frustration. The High
Court held that compulsory acquisition was a process and not an act and that
the vendor is not divested of his title until after the State had taken
possession of the land. The Court of Appeal reversed the High Court and held
that the contract had been frustrated. Thean JA held that -

‘the process of compulsory land acquisition which _de facto_ had begun with
the s 5 declaration had changed the nature or duration or the title. The title
had become no longer one as provided in the agreement – be it a fee simple or
in perpetuity – but a defensible one which within a short period of time would
vest in the state as it did’ _ibid._ page 413.

It can be seen that the facts there are very different from the present one.
The doctrine of frustration may be stated as a doctrine in contract law that
where an unforeseen contingency occurs after a contract is made, and is due to
neither party’s fault, and thereby rendering the contract incapable of
performance (at least on the part of one of the parties), or performed in a
way that was not envisaged by the parties, then the contract is said to be
frustrated and the courts will, as far as possible, relieve the parties from
further performance of the contract. The doctrine of frustration as understood
is naturally, limited by the facts of each case. In the present case before
me, the alleged contingency was the inability of the defendants to procure
access to the contract site from the Old Yio Chu Kang Road. This cannot by any
count be regarded as an unforeseen contingency. The converse is true. It was
not only foreseen before the contract, but it was made clear to the
defendants, at least from an objective reading of all the correspondence
disclosed and admitted into evidence, that consent from the relevant authority
(in this case the Public Works Department) was required. It was a known
problem and one that was known for a long time. But the defendants, through
their architects, chose to interpret the correspondence as evidence of consent
having been granted and represented as such to the plaintiffs.

8 Even though they did not obtain approval, the defendants’ architects wrote
to the plaintiffs and represented to them that ‘MINDEF approved the access as
[the road] was shared by others’. It is clear from the correspondence that
this representation was untrue. I find, therefore, that at best, the
defendants were happy to juggle two alternatives available to them at that
time. The first was to assume the known risk that approval for access from the
Old Yio Chu Kang Road may not be granted, but they hoped that they could get
the authorities eventually to relent. The danger contemplated was that the
authorities might not relent. In such a case, there can be no frustration of
the contract just because the risk delivers the harm that it had been
carrying. The second option the defendants had at that time, was to rebuild
his factory by amalgamating the old and new sites. However, as counsel
submitted, the economic situation from 1997 onwards might have rendered this
option unviable or impractical. The story of the landlocked tenant goes some
distance in evoking sympathy, but it was nonetheless opportunistically
conceived and thus, must be appraised reasonably and with detachment.

9 Mr Rai also submitted that we ought to head the ‘reality of the situation’
and take into account that the lease agreement carry terms and conditions
which stipulated that the defendants as lessees had to comply with the
requirements from all the relevant authorities. Hence, if any of the relevant
requirements could not be met owing to no fault of the defendants the contract
of lease must be held to be frustrated. The reality in such cases, which is
similar to cases concerning the sale and purchase of real property, is that a
lessee or, in the case of a sale and purchase, the purchaser, must protect
himself if he enters into a contract before verifying whether all the relevant
approvals that he requires will in fact be granted. He does so simply with the
standard ‘subject to approval’ clause. No such clause was inserted in the
present contract nor was there any attempt to do so. Mr Rai’s reliance on cl
(C) in the Terms of Lease ‘to comply with the requirements from all the
relevant authorities, e.g. URA, Land Office, LTA, CAAS etc’ as having the same
effect is misplaced.

10 Clause (c) was admittedly part of a sparsely drawn set of conditions, but
one must be reminded that these are conditions, not conditions precedent. Thus
a breach would not render the contract void in itself. In the case of a
condition, the remedies for breach may be determined in part by the nature and
extent of the breach, the damage suffered, and any other relevant factor such
as estoppel or waiver in the sense that the innocent party may choose to
proceed notwithstanding that he had come to know, or ought reasonably have
known about the breach. Reading that clause in context, the reader will
naturally assume that if these conditions are breached the contract will be
affected. The question is, in what way would a breach affect the contract?
Unless expressly stated otherwise, these conditions must be complied with by
the party on whom the burden to effect compliance falls, and that, conversely,
gives the other party such remedies for breach as the law may allow. In the
context of the present terms and conditions, I am of the view that they were
addressed to the lessee. There was no evidence to suggest that the plaintiff
landlord had to satisfy any requirement of any of the suggested relevant
authorities. The correspondence between the plaintiffs and defendants from
1994 to the end of 1997 is replete with indications that the defendants had to
obtain a number of clearances from such named authorities. They are standard
terms in lease agreements. That being the case, the terms and conditions
cannot reasonably be read to mean that if any of them had not been satisfied
the defendants were entitled to treat the contract as at an end and walk away
from it. It is not that simple. If the duty or burden falls on the defendants
then they cannot rely on their own failure to avoid the contract. Furthermore,
if the defendants’ interpretation is right, then the established practice of
inserting a ‘subject to approval’ clause by the purchaser or tenant will
become virtually redundant because in most (if not all) such contracts, the
vendor or landlord would have inserted conditions similar to the ones found in
the present case. The purchaser or tenant would then be placed in a more
favourable position at the expense of the vendor or landlord. In other words,
if the defendants’ reliance on cl (c) is correct, then (without a ‘subject to
approval’ clause) a failure to comply with any statutory requirement such as
the failure to install a fire exit would entitle the defendants to avoid the
contract. The same set of terms (cl (c)) cannot be interpreted one way for
some requirements and another for others.

11 The argument for an implied warranty must be rejected because the
correspondence shows that it was the defendants who were giving the plaintiffs
the impression that there would be no difficulty getting access from the Old
Yio Chu Kang Road. But more fundamentally, if the warranty to be implied was
that the defendant would be able to build a factory on Plot 2, then it cannot
be said that there had been a breach because there was no evidence that a
factory could not be built there. On the contrary, from the evidence it
appeared that it could have. The problem was really one of access. However,
the evidence also does not justify an implied warranty that a factory could be
built on Plot 2 ‘ _with access to the Old Yio Chu Kang Road_ ’. This is so
partly because there was a real possibility that access could be gained from
Ang Mo Kio Street 63 either through the side of the defendants’ then existing
building, or through a reconstruction of the existing building. Indeed, even
up to 17 December 1997 it will be seen from the letters of Archispace, that
the construction of a factory at Plot 2 was to be carried out simultaneously
with the reconstruction of the existing building. Their letter of 17 December
1997 to the URA has the heading:

‘PROPOSED ERECTION OF A 6-STOREY LIGHT INDUSTRIAL FACTORY AND PROPOSED
ADDITIONS AND ALTERATIONS TO EXISTING 3-STOREY LIGHT INDUSTRIAL FACTORY ON
LOTS 12820, 13062 PT MK 18 AT 10 ANG MO KIO STREET 63’

and a text that says –

‘…

As discussed, we have to inform you that the previously approved plans under
Notice of Grant of Written Permission Decision No. P300497-31F2 dated 10 July
1997 will be reoriented with major alterations due to the change in vehicular
access.

As agreed, we will be submitting a revised plan under Alteration and Addition
works (Form DC12) which includes the upgrading of the existing factory
building façade and the new extension. We are presently preparing the plans
and expect the submission to be made sometime in January 1998.

…’

Therefore, any implied warranty would have to be in terms that a factory could
be built on Plot 2 with access to the Old Yio Chu Kang Road or Ang Mo Kio
Street 63. But it would not be reasonable to imply a warranty in such wide and
malleable terms when the party to whom that implied term would aid was at the
material time, fully and totally aware of the nature and extent of the lack of
access to Plot 2. On the facts, by reason of the concurrent leases held by the
defendants, the defendants were in a position to rebuild their factory with
access from Street 63. To say now that it would be too costly to do so does
not detract from the evidence that it was a distinct prospect or reasonable
possibility in 1996, when the defendants’ business was expanding. I should
emphasize that if the problem of access was not apparent to the defendants
prior to the contract, they might have a reasonably strong case to avoid the
contract on the ground that no reasonable tenant can be expected to rent
property without at least an implied warranty from the landlord that there
must be some means of access to the property. The case before me was, however,
not pleaded or fought on that basis and the facts were very different. The
defendants who raised the defence of frustration had not satisfied me that the
lack of access – whether via the Old Yio Chu Kang Road or Ang Mo Kio Street 63
– was unforeseen at the time of the contract. But, more importantly, the
defendants were, on the other hand, aware of the risk. By assuming that risk,
they can neither now rely on frustration or an implied warranty of access. An
implied warranty works only when something so obvious (to the ‘officious
bystander’) was overlooked by the parties at the time of contract. Given these
circumstances, I am unable to find that there would be any implied warranty.

For the reasons above, there will be judgment for the plaintiffs except
prayers 4 and 5 of the statement of claim.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

