Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wee Soon Kim Anthony v UBS AG  
[2003] SGHC 305

Case Number | : | Suit 834/2001/R  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 December 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Chor Pee and Ms M Rani (Chor Pee and Partners) for plaintiff; Davinder Singh SC, Hri Kumar and Kabir Singh (Drew and Napier LLC) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Wee Soon Kim Anthony — UBS AG   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Whether issues set out in plaintiff's Closing
Submissions were pleaded.  
  
Banking – Advice – Whether customer had been informed of the consequences of
closing out a forward contract before its maturity date.  
  
Tort – Misrepresentation – Whether bank's officers had made misrepresentations
regarding the rate of interest being earned by a customer in his leveraged
deposit – Whether customer suffered loss as a result of the misrepresentation.  
  

1\. The defendant, a bank, is sued by the plaintiff, its customer. It arose
from the plaintiff’s complaints over foreign exchange transactions that he
made through the defendant.

2\. The plaintiff is 74 years old and is retired lawyer. Before he retired
from practice in 1997 he had his own practice, with a bank as a major client.
He is a wealthy man, and he agreed with counsel for the defendant, that he is
not one to suffer in silence when he feels he has been wronged.

3\. The plaintiff amended his statement of claim three times, the last at the
beginning of the hearing. The main events in the customer-banker relationship
pleaded are –

(i) in August 1997 the plaintiff became a private banking customer of the
defendant;

(ii) on 28 August the plaintiff instructed the defendant to enter into a one-
month forward contract with the defendant to buy MYR35,000,000 from the
defendant at the rate of MYR2.8818 to US$1 for value 2 October;

(iii) on 18 September the plaintiff entered into another one-month forward
contract to buy MYR5,000,000 from the defendant at MYR3.022 to US$1 for value
20 October;

(iv) in October the plaintiff took delivery of the MYR40,000,000 using US$
borrowed from the defendant, and

(v) the MYR40,000,000 was placed in one-month deposit as security for the loan
(“the leveraged deposit”);

(vi) in December the plaintiff adopted the “DFF Strategy” by (i) converting
the whole leveraged deposit of MYR48,806,173.83 (inclusive of accrued
interest) into US$ and investing that in a fund named the SBC Dynamic Floor
Fund (“the SBC Fund”), a US$ denominated fund, and (ii) entering into a
12-month forward selling US$10,439,832.63 and buying MYR41,493,114.79 “at 3.87
(spot + 0.1045 (swap) i.e. 39745 for value 6 Jan 1999";

(vii) on 14 May 1998 when the prevailing spot exchange rate was MYR3.84 to
US$1, the plaintiff instructed the defendant to sell MYR and buy US$3,000,000.
The defendant completed the transaction, at the rate of MYR4.20 to US$1 after
taking into account swap points. When the plaintiff objected the transaction
was reversed at a cost of US$63,500 to him;

(viii) on 27 July 1998 the plaintiff sold his investment in the SBC Fund and
received proceeds of US$11,361,215.57 including a profit of US$816,984.61 or
MYR915,245.71;

(ix) on 27 July the defendant unwound the 12-month forward contract and
incurred a loss of MYR2,442,561.03; and

(x) after the Malaysian government imposed foreign exchange measures on 1
September and fixed the spot exchange rate at MYR3.80 to US$1, the defendant
converted the plaintiff’s deposit on the exchange rate of MYR4.00 to US$1.

4\. The plaintiff’s main complaints are that –

(i) the defendant’s officers, namely Shirreen Sin Meng Mei (“Sin”), associate
director/client adviser and the relationship manager assigned to him, and
Colin Koh Tse-Ming (“Koh”), director/investment adviser, misrepresented to him
when they proposed the DFF Strategy that

(a) his MYR deposit was earning 3.25% interest and he was incurring a negative
interest rate differential as he was paying higher interest on his US$ loan,

(b) he could unwind the 12-month MYR contract at any time at the prevailing
spot rate, without informing him that swap points may be involved, and how
they operate, and

(c) he would retain his MYR leveraged deposit when he entered into the DFF
Strategy;

(ii) the defendant converted his leveraged deposit to invest in the SBC Fund
contrary to his instructions;

(iii) on 2 September the defendant misrepresented to him that the foreign
exchange market in Malaysia was closed;

(iv) the defendant converted MYR44,163,832.51 in the plaintiff’s accounts to
US$11,040,956.13 at the exchange rate of MYR4 to US$1 instead of the rate
MYR3.80 to US$1 fixed by the Malaysian government;

(v) the defendant charged the plaintiff handling, custody and safe-keeping and
other charges in breach of an agreement that the transfer of his assets were
to be transferred from his previous bankers to the defendant “free of
payment”; and

(vi) the defendant has made the aforesaid charges without the plaintiff
requesting for safe custody services from the defendant.

_The issues_

5\. The trial ran for 42 days in three tranches. The plaintiff was in the
witness box for 30 days, but for the morning sessions only, because of health
problems. In the midst of the trial his solicitors Engelin Teh Practice LLC
discharged themselves and Chor Pee & Partners were appointed. The plaintiff
applied for leave to make substantial amendments to his re-re-amended
statement of claim after the change of solicitors, but failed to obtain leave
(see _Wee Soon Kim Anthony v UBS AG (No 2)_ [2003] 2 SLR 554).

6\. The plaintiff’s opening statement set out the issues as

(a) Whether the Defendant had misrepresented to the Plaintiff the nature of
the DFF Strategy recommended to him;

(b) Whether the Defendant was negligent and/or in breach of its implied
contractual duty of care in its advice on the DFF Strategy to the Plaintiff;

(c) Whether a fiduciary duty of a banker to its customers arises on the facts
of this case and if so, whether the Defendant was in its breach of such
fiduciary duty;

(d) Whether a collateral contract between the Plaintiff and the Defendant
arises on the facts of the case under which the Defendant undertook that the
adoption of the DFF Strategy would not prevent the Plaintiff from trading or
closing out his “original purchase” on the spot market if a suitable
opportunity to do so should arise;

(e) If so, whether the Defendant breached the said collateral contract;

(f) Whether the Defendant acted in breach of instructions or mandate in
converting the Plaintiff’s leveraged deposit into US$ for investment in the
SBC Fund;

(g) Whether the Defendant’s conversion of the Plaintiff’s MYR deposits at the
arbitrary rate of MYR4.00 to US$1 instead of the official Bank Negara
Malaysia’s rate of MYR3.80 to US$1 in September 1998 was wrongful;

(h) Whether the Defendant’s imposition of the various “safe custody charges”
and other debits from the Plaintiff’s accounts were wrongful;

(i) Whether [there should be] an account of all debits made by the Defendant
to the Plaintiff’s Hong Kong and Singapore accounts; and

(j) What is the legal effect of the exclusion, exemption and/or limitation
clauses in the documentation which the Plaintiff signed on the opening of his
accounts with the Defendant.

7\. During the hearing when the facts in dispute were dealt with, and the
emphasis on and treatment and identification of the issues evolved. At the
close of the case the plaintiff restated the issues as

(1) Whether the defendant had exercised reasonable care and skill in advising
the plaintiff on the MYR contracts of 28 August and 18 September;

(2) Whether by the fax of 12 September 1997, the defendant had failed to
advise the plaintiff of the risks involved in the forex transaction and to
advise him to close out the forward contract maturing on 2 October instead of
taking delivery of the MYR;

(3) Whether the defendant had misrepresented to him in mid-December 1997 that
he was paying 6.8% interest on his US$ loan and receiving 3.25% interest on
his MYR leveraged deposit; and

(4) Whether the defendant had misrepresented to him that the DFF Strategy
allowed him to exit his MYR position, without informing him that swap points
would be involved if he closed out before the maturity date.

8\. The issues in a case must be formulated carefully. Any issue raised must
arise out of the pleaded case. After the proper issues have been set out at
the start of the case, there is still some room for change for the issues to
be restated for greater clarity and specificity. A plaintiff can also reduce
the issues at the close of his case if he wants to. He may decide not to
proceed with an issue upon examination of his own case or after considering
the evidence and arguments of the defence, or for any other reason. When an
issue is dropped, it is not dealt with any more (the plaintiff’s closing
submissions, for example, made no references to the MYR4 to US$1 conversion
and the custody charges).

9\. Issues (1) and (2) in the plaintiff’s closing submissions did not come
within his re-re-amended statement of claim. The letter of 12 September was
not referred to. No assertions about those breaches of duty were pleaded. The
plaintiff did not depose to these matters in his affidavit of evidence-in-
chief. The first solicitors for the plaintiff were right not to identify them
as issues.

10\. Those issues were brought out in the application for the fourth amendment
to the statement of claim made after the change of solicitors. As that
application was refused, issues (1) and (2) are not proper issues in this
action. Issues (3) and (4) are proper issues to be considered.

_Whether the defendant’s officers had represented to the plaintiff in mid-
December 1997 that he was paying 6.8% interest on his US$ loan and receiving
3.25% interest on his MYR leveraged deposit._

11\. The plaintiff recounted in para 45 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief
that

In early December 1997, Shirreen drew my attention to the fact that because of
the short-term volatility of the prevailing foreign exchange market, the MYR
one-month deposit interest rate had dropped to a very low rate of about 3.25%
per annum. Meanwhile, the US$14,040,572 loan taken to “purchase” the leveraged
deposit was accruing interest at about 6.8% per annum. I was badly distressed
by that news. I was at that time already shell-shocked by the deteriorating
MYR position and was alarmed to learn that I now faced a “double whammy”, i.e.
having to face _the prospect of my borrowing costs in US$ exceeding the
interest received on my MYR deposit_ in addition to the risk of a worsening
spot exchange risk in the US$/MYR foreign exchange rate _._ Shirreen then
arranged for me to meet Colin Koh and herself on 19 December 1997. (Emphasis
added)

12\. Koh deposed in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that when he and Sin
met with the plaintiff on 19 December

At this meeting, Sin and I pointed out that the Plaintiff’s LD was incurring a
loss for him as he was paying more in interest on the USD loans than he was
receiving on his MYR deposits. In fact, at the time, the Plaintiff was paying
an interest rate of about 6.8% per annum on his USD loans while _his_ _MYR
deposits were only earning him interest at the rate of about 3.25% per annum._
(Emphasis added)

and Sin confirmed that.

13\. The plaintiff’s MYR deposits were actually earning higher interest than
that on 19 December. The MYR35,000,000 deposit was earning 8.8% interest up to
5 January 1998 when it was rolled over on 3 November 1997 for two months to 5
January 1998, and the MYR5,000,000 deposit was earning 7.37% interest up to 22
December when it was rolled over on 20 November 1997 for one month.

14\. When confronted with that, Sin and Koh conceded that they were mistaken.
They tried to redeem themselves by explaining that when they had the
discussion on 19 December, they knew that the defendant would face a negative
interest rate differential if he rolled over the deposits again.

15\. While that was correct, it was not what they had deposed to, that on 19
December they told the plaintiff that he was _already_ experiencing negative
interest on his deposits.

16\. By Koh and Sin’s admissions, the answer is yes, the representation was
made, but that does not dispose of the matter. The plaintiff’s claim is that
he suffered loss as a result of the representation.

17\. Was the distinction between being already in negative interest, or going
in negative interest if the deposits are rolled over material to the
plaintiff’s decision? In his affidavit the plaintiff acknowledged that he was
warned about negative interest rate differential and the worsening exchange
rate before the meeting of 19 December, and was alarmed by the prospect of
being in that position. When he met Sin and Koh on 19 December, they were
still speaking of the negative interest rate differential, though they
overstated the case in saying that he was already in that position when he was
actually facing the prospect of being in that position.

18\. By his own account, he was sufficiently alarmed at the _prospect_ of
negative interest to want to avoid the “double whammy”. The prospect was as
real whether or not he was already in negative interest, whether he was told
“You are in negative interest” or “You will be in negative interest if you
roll over the deposits.”

19\. There was no question that if the deposits were rolled over, they would
yield reduced interest at around 3.25%. As the plaintiff subscribed to the SBC
Fund to avoid negative interest, and had avoided that, he cannot complain
about the advice, the mistake notwithstanding. He had benefited from the
decision. The plaintiff has not shown that the representation caused him loss.

_Whether the defendant’s officers misrepresented to the plaintiff that the DFF
Strategy allowed him to exit his MYR position before maturity at market rates
without applying swap points_

20\. The issue arose because when the plaintiff wanted to close out his
forward MYR position on the prevailing spot rate in May 1998, he found that he
could not do that, and had to transact on a less favourable rate to him. It is
important to note that he entered into the transaction to close out his
existing 12-month forward MYR position, as contrasted to engaging in a stand-
alone spot transaction, because for the latter the spot price would apply.

21\. When a purchaser buys currency on a forward contract, e.g. buy MYR with
US$ on a 12-month forward contract, he does not pay the spot exchange rate. As
the two currencies would pay interest at different rates, swap points worked
out on the difference between the rates have to be factored into the
applicable forward exchange rate. When the transaction is to buy a higher
interest currency with a lower interest currency, the swap points will be in
favour of the purchaser. The swap points in such a situation can be described
as a discount on the purchase price, or a premium to the purchaser. When the
purchaser decides to close out the forward position before time, he enters
into a reverse transaction, to sell the same amount of MYR and buy US$ on the
same forward date to cancel the earlier transaction. It is another forward
transaction (albeit for a shorter period), to buy and sell the two currencies
in the reversed order. This second transaction, being a forward transaction,
is not transacted on the prevailing spot rate. Swap points will also have to
be worked out on the different interest rates then prevailing. If that works
out to the disadvantage of the buyer he has to pay above the spot rate.

22\. As he wanted to buy to close a forward position swap points would apply.
The question is whether Sin and Koh had informed him of that. The plaintiff
claimed that Sin and Koh represented to him that if he adopted the DFF
Strategy by investing in the SBC Fund and entering into a 12 month forward MYR
position, he could exit his MYR at the spot rate at any time. It was also his
case that Sin and Koh did not advise him on swap points.

23\. He claimed that he had little or no knowledge or experience in foreign
exchange transactions, and did not know about forward contracts, swap points
and the consequences of closing out forward contracts before time. Although he
was prepared to buy MYR35,000,000 on a tip that the currency was undervalued,
he had no knowledge of the rudiments of foreign exchange transactions. He said
that when he made the first MYR35,000,000 purchase the terms “spot” and
“forward” were Greek to him. That implied that the defendant executed and
reported on the transaction without instructions from him on the tenor of the
transaction. If it was done it would be cause for complaint, but he did not
complain. To the contrary the plaintiff pleaded in para 16 of his statement of
claim that “(o)n 28 August 1997, the Plaintiff gave instructions to the
Defendant to enter into a short term one-month forward contract with the
Defendant wherein the Plaintiff would sell US$12,145,187.04 to the Defendant
and would buy MYR35,000,000 from the Defendant at the prevailing rate of
MYR2.8818 to US$1 as at 28 August 1997.” This contradicted his plea of
ignorance directly.

24\. In the unsuccessful application filed on 6 May 2003 to amend the
statement of claim for the fourth time, the plaintiff sought to delete para 16
entirely and plead instead that his intention was to make a “simple purchase”
of MYR35,000,000 and that it was his first foray into foreign exchange
contracts. During the hearing, it was established as a fact that the
MYR35,000,000 transaction was not the plaintiff’s first experience with
foreign exchange contracts. The plaintiff also alleged that he had instructed
his previous solicitors to amend para 16, but they refused to carry out his
instructions. Mr Thomas Sim Yuan Po of Engelin Teh Practice LLC who was in
charge of the statement of claim gave evidence that the draft statement of
claim had been discussed and approved by the plaintiff before it was filed,
and that the plaintiff had specifically instructed that para 16 be in the form
pleaded in the statement of claim when it was filed on 4 July 2001. He also
explained that there was no refusal to carry out the instructions to amend.
The instructions were not carried out because they were received on 4 June
2002, just before notice was given on 8 June to the plaintiff to appoint new
solicitors to act for him.

25\. Before committing to the DFF Strategy, he had received a letter where Koh
set out a proposal to purchase MYR on a forward basis against the US$. On the
next day he had a meeting with Koh and Sin when the DFF Strategy was explained
to him. The plaintiff recounted in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that
“Colin Koh proceeded to give a vague explanation of the workings of the DFF
Strategy which left me confused.”

26\. This meeting was followed up by a letter from Koh and Sin to him dated 23
December. In this letter the DFF Strategy was explained in the following terms

SBC Dynamic Floor 100% (USD). This will be the underlying asset for the
strategy. The SBC Dynamic Floor is a USD denominated Fund. It targets a
benchmark return of USD 12-month Euro-bid rate. (This is 5.82% at the moment).
In Ringgit terms, adjusted for costs, this translates to 8.15% at a spot
USD/MYR rate of 3.80 on expiry of the 12-month period. The Fund is traded on a
daily basis and can be liquidated theoretically any time. In practice, it is
advisable to hold the fund for a medium term period of 6-12 months. This is
because of the 1% transaction cost and the fact that the capital preservation
structure is contingent on a 12 month holding period. The fund historically
has delivered a superior net return relative to money market. It is a
conservative structure and has historically had a relatively smooth profile of
return. On December 31st , the Floor of the Fund is raised to the Net Asset
Value of the fund, this is a defensive feature of the Fund for investors
timing their entry at the beginning of a New Year. In considering the Fund,
the investor has to make the subjective judgement that Ringgit interest rates
will not be above the benchmark target return of 8.15% in Ringgit terms on a
sustainable basis for the full year. (reference: SBC Dynamic Floor 100%
Presentation handout)

USD/MYR forward foreign exchange contracts: This is the second part of the
strategy. On the subscription to the SBC Dynamic Floor Fund which is in USD, a
12-months forward foreign exchange contract buying Malaysia Ringgit and
selling USD is entered into. This forward foreign exchange contract may be
unwound anytime. 12-month forward Malaysian Ringgit trades at approx 3%
premium to the spot or current rates. This structure enables us to benefit
from this as the forward premiums imply 12-month Malaysian deposit rates are
higher than the present short term Ringgit deposit rates. The basis strategy
in using the forward foreign exchange in combination with the SBC Dynamic
Floor is to actively manage the Ringgit exposure against the USD, i.e.
protecting the principal in Ringgit terms when the currency is perceived
cheap, and taking the underlying USD exposure when the Ringgit is perceived
expensive.

The precise timing of selling the Ringgit (or unwinding the original purchase)
will be done in consultation with yourself Selling the Ringgit would leave
open the underlying USD exposure of the SBC Dynamic Floor Fund. A suggested
tentative strategy might look like: Sell MYR 10 million at 3.60, Sell MYR 10
million at 3.55, Sell MYR 10 million at 3.50, Sell MYR 10 million at 3.40.
Each time we sell MYR, we would be squaring off and hence assuming the
underlying USD exposure of the Fund. In a trading environment where the
Ringgit trades in a range of 3.30 to 3.90, there will be opportunities to buy
back the Ringgit at lower levels perhaps in the 3.80 area. Effective
management of the Ringgit exposures will have the effect of improving the
original 2.90 approx cost of your initial Ringgit position.

27\. The plaintiff deposed that the explanation of the 12-month forward
trading on a 3% premium to the spot rates was gobbledygook to him. The letter
appeared to be telling him that “(t)he second part of the DFF Strategy was to
engage in a 12-month forward hedge buying MYR and sell US$ which could be
unwound anytime” and that “(i)n a trading environment where the MYR trades in
a range of 3.30 to 3.90, I would be able to take advantage of opportunities to
sell my MYR and buy it back at lower levels which would have the effect of
improving the cost of my initial MYR position amounting to approximately
MYR2.90 to US$1.”

28\. There is nothing remiss in his understanding because he could unwind the
forward position at anytime he wanted to. When the letter referred to the MYR
trading in a range of 3.30 to 3.90, it was referring to the market rates,
which would be the spot rate for a spot transaction, or the adjusted rates
where swap points are involved, in forward transactions. Even he did not say
that he thought it meant that he can close out a forward position by buying at
spot prices.

29\. But the consultations did not stop there. On 24 December Koh and Sin had
a further discussion with him, and it was only at this discussion that he
finally agreed to adopt the DFF Strategy.

30\. After the defendant took the steps to engage him into the DFF Strategy,
Sin wrote to report to him on 29 December that

We have converted your MYR deposit of MYR40,806,173.83 to USD10,544,230.96 at
3.87 for value Jan 5, 1998. As discussed previously, there is a 1% one time
transaction cost. Thus the amount of USD10,439,832.63 will be invested in the
SBC Dynamic Floor Fund USD 100%.

At the same time, we have done a forward for one year at 3.9745, the breakdown
being: Client sells USD10,439,832.63 buys MYR41,493,114.79 at 3.87 (spot) +
0.1045 (Swap) i.e. 3.9745 for value 6 Jan 1999.

expressly spelling out the existence and the application of swap points in the
transaction.

31\. She still did not leave matters at that. She went to speak with him a few
days later. The plaintiff recounted in his affidavit

Shirreen visited me sometime soon thereafter (to the best of my recollection,
this was just after the New Year). Richard [the plaintiff’s son] was also
present. Shirreen told Richard and I that I had benefited from a “premium”
when entering into the 12-month forward contract. She further said that I
would have to “pay back proportionately” this “premium” if I decided to
terminate the 12-month forward contract. _I was quite mystified by this
“premium”._ However, as Shirreen did not seemed to be at all concerned by this
“premium” that she was talking about, _I did not enquire further_. (Emphasis
added)

32\. Despite all that, it was asserted in the closing submissions that “at no
time in December 1997 or even months thereafter did Shirreen Sin or Colin Koh
explain to him that unwinding a twelve month forward contract would involve
swap points.”

33\. That ran counter to his affidavit and the defendant’s letter of 29
December which showed that he was informed that he had the benefit of 0.1045
swap points when he bought MYR 12-months forward.

34\. The defendant’s case was that the plaintiff was advised on that. Koh’s
evidence that not only swap points were explained, but the effect of swap
points was also explained in layman’s terms when these were discussed on 16,
19, 23 and 26 December with the aid of a presentation handout.

35\. The plaintiff denied that the presentation handout was shown or explained
to him. Under cross-examination he relented and conceded that it may have been
explained to him on 19 December, but he did not understand it.

36\. It was not disputed that the plaintiff, Sin and Koh met in December and
discussed the predicament that he was in and the options available for him to
mitigate his losses. At that time, the plaintiff was very concerned at the
position he was in. The meetings they had were not casual gatherings. There
were serious matters to be discussed and decisions to be taken. Koh elaborated
at the trial that “(t)here are about six hours worth of meetings on the 16th,
19th, 23rd and also on the 26th in addition after [the letter of 23 December]
was written. And those six hours or meetings, there was very, very full
discussion on the operation of the forward in conjunction with the Dynamic
Floor Fund.”

37\. It was also clear that the plaintiff only committed himself to the
strategy after the discussions, and he was informed of the transactions after
they were made. His own evidence was not that there were no explanations of
the premium/swap points and the consequences of closing out a forward position
before maturity, but that he did not understand them. But he did not inform
Koh or Sin that or that he still needed more explanation. After the
discussions, he confirmed that he accepted the strategy proposed.

38\. Much was said by his counsel that in the letters, visit reports and the
transcript of telephone conversations produced at the trial, there was no
explicit statement that the premium/swap points may have to be paid back. Koh
said that that was covered in the discussions they had and I accept that. Sin
had also referred to that to the plaintiff and his son. The plaintiff’s reply
was that the discussions and Sin’s explanation on premium and spot rates were
gobbledygook to him. But he is not diffident or tongue-tied, and he was a big
client. If he needed further explanation, he kept that to himself and gave
instructions to enter into the strategy instead. The evidence was that
whenever he sought explanations and clarifications from Sin or Koh, they would
provide them.

39\. In these circumstances it cannot be said that Sin or Koh had not informed
about the consequences of an early close-up. He had been advised. If he had
not understood the advice fully, or did not seek clarification, or had
forgotten it, he cannot blame it on the defendant or its officers.

_Conclusion_

40\. The plaintiff’s case commenced with a wide array of allegations and
complaints. In the course of the trial, each of them was examined. After the
change of counsel, an attempt was made to amend the re-re-amended statement of
claim by deleting substantial portions of it and replacing them with new
matters.

41\. When leave to amend was refused, the plaintiff redrew the issues. Of the
four issues, two were outside the pleaded case. The other two were factual in
nature – whether the defendant’s officers had made the alleged
misrepresentations.

42\. I find that there was a misrepresentation that the plaintiff was in
negative interest in mid-December 1997 when he was not. However the advice
rendered was fundamentally sound, and the plaintiff had not suffered any loss
when he acted on it.

43\. On the other issue whether it was represented to the plaintiff that he
could close the forward MYR position before maturity at the market rates
without applying swap points, I find that there was no representation of this
nature. If the plaintiff really believed that he was assured that he could do
that, he was mistaken.

44\. For the foregoing reasons, the plaintiff’s claim is dismissed with costs,
which are to be taxed for two counsel.

_Costs of Engelin Teh Practice LLC_

45\. In the course of the cross-examination of the plaintiff, it was shown to
him on several occasions that his evidence was inconsistent with his pleaded
case and his affidavits. The plaintiff’s explanations were that the
inconsistencies had arisen because the pleadings and affidavits were drafted
by Mr Thomas Sim of Engelin Teh Practice LLC, and did not accurately reflect
his instructions, and that he had instructed Mr Sim to amend para 16, but he
refused to comply with the instructions.

46\. The plaintiff did not call Mr Sim as his witness and did not agree for
him to give evidence, except on his terms. Subsequently, after he dropped
those conditions and agreed to waive solicitor-client privilege, Mr Sim
appeared as a witness.

47\. Mr Sim’s attendance in court was necessary. First, it could provide a
better basis for assessing the plaintiff’s contention that the inconsistencies
should not be taken against him. Secondly, it was not right for allegations to
be made of a solicitor’s competence at drafting and his refusal to carry out a
client’s instructions without giving him the opportunity to respond to them.

48\. When Mr Sim attended court, he had prepared a statement and a voluminous
set of documents to respond to the allegation. A bill for costs for the
attendance was also produced.

49\. Counsel for both parties accept that costs are payable. The plaintiff’s
solicitors contended that it should follow the event (which I take to mean the
losing party should pay the costs), or be borne by the defendant, while the
defendant’s solicitors argued that it should be paid by the plaintiff in any
event.

50\. It was proper and reasonable for Mr Sim to respond and to attend court.
In the present case the costs should not be borne by either the plaintiff or
the defendant in any event. They should follow the result in that the losing
party shall pay them. These costs are to be borne by the plaintiff.

51\. The costs are not claimed by Mr Sim himself but by Engelin Teh Practice
LLC in which he practices. The costs claimed are for work done by him and Ms
Engelin Teh SC, disbursements and GST.

52\. The costs to be paid should be confined to Mr Sim’s work, disbursements
and GST. The allegations were made against him, and he was called to respond
to them. Ms Teh, being the head of the practice, would be concerned over the
plaintiff’s allegations. She attended court when Mr Sim gave evidence, but did
not give evidence or take a significant part in the proceedings at that stage.
While I accept that she would have spent time to assist or supervise the
preparation of Mr Sim’s response, no costs are recoverable for that from the
plaintiff. The parties are to revert to me if they cannot agree on the quantum
of the costs the plaintiff is to pay to Engelin Teh Practice LLC.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Dec 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

