Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tech Pacific (S) Pte Ltd v Pritam Kaur d/o Joginder Singh formerly trading
as Eshar Security Services and Another  
[2003] SGHC 242

Case Number | : | Suit 153/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N.B. Rao and Rajinder Singh s/o Avtar Singh (B Rao and K.S. Rajah) for the plaintiff; First defendant in person; Toh Kok Seng and Lee Hui Yun (Lee and Lee) for second defendant   
Parties | : |  Tech Pacific (S) Pte Ltd — Pritam Kaur d/o Joginder Singh formerly trading as Eshar Security Services; Isetan Singapore Ltd   
  
Contract – Breach – Clause in lease agreement – Whether included provision of
security services – Whether obliged to provide more than one guard each night  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Whether omission of guard to apprehend a
thief not known to him to be in building was pure or culpable omission –
Whether landlord owed duty of care to tenants to prevent thieves and
unauthorised persons from stepping into corridors of rented premises.  
  
Tort – Negligence – Res ipsa loquitur – Whether specific acts of negligence or
cause of negligence pleaded defeated any reliance on res ipsa loquitur.  
  

1 The plaintiffs are a company which is in the business of trading in computer
products. They leased premises on the second and third floors of a building
known as Seiclene House at 25 Delta Road. The Seiclene House belonged to the
second defendants who also own and run department stores. The premises leased
by the plaintiffs were specifically, units #02-01/04 and #03-01/04. The first
defendant, now a bankrupt, was at the material time carrying on the business
of supplying security services. She ran her business under the name of Eshar
Security Services. Eshar was engaged by the second defendants, by contract, to
provide security guards to Seiclene House. It was established at trial that
sometime between 8.30pm on 13 February 2003 and 7.30am on 14 February 1996
that unit #02-01/04 was burglarised and the loss of property amounted to
$253,820.36 (including $1,780 for repairing the roller shutters and door). The
thieves had broken into the unit by sawing off the aluminium roller shutters
and then breaking the lock of the door.

2 The plaintiffs alleged that the second defendants were liable in breach of
cl 2(b) of the contract of lease, and alternatively, in negligence in failing
to provide any adequate security or failing to supervise the security
officers. The plaintiffs’ claim against the first defendant was on the basis
of vicarious liability on account of her being the employer of the only
security guard on duty at Seiclene House on the night in question. That guard
was not called as a witness by any party. There was no reliable evidence,
however, to connect him with the theft. He as well as the plaintiffs’
employees were questioned by the police but released. The details of how the
theft was carried out were also unavailable. The plaintiffs’ case, therefore,
was essentially founded on inferences and conclusions to be drawn from the
following assertions, namely, that:-

a) the second defendants were contractually obliged under cl 2(b) to provide
security to their premises;

b) the solitary guard was inadequate for the purposes;

c) the guard must have failed in his duty because he did not ground the lifts
and must have been himself asleep at the material time

Clause 2(b) that the plaintiffs relied on reads as follows:

‘subject to Clause 3(3), the monthly service charge of Dollars Four Thousand
Six Hundred and Fifteen and Cents Eighty ($4,615.80) for the cleaning,
lighting, upkeep, maintenance and repair of the common parts of the Building
and for the maintenance, upkeep and operation of the services supplied and
used in the Building (hereinafter referred to as the ‘service charge’).’

3 The theft was carried out by unknown persons. There was no evidence as to
how the stolen items were packed or taken out of the building compound. Two
police officers involved in the case were called as witnesses for the
plaintiffs but they were unable to provide any information other than what the
parties themselves knew. It was a well-planned theft. The burglars knew
precisely what they wanted and how to get them. Tech Pacific (S) Pte Ltd was
not a random target. It was selected from the many tenants in the huge
building. The stolen goods were specific and selected products, not the usual
plunder of cash and jewellery. There were photographs of what remained in the
plaintiffs’ premises after the theft, but those were not helpful in this
regard. What is significant is that there was evidence from the second
defendants’ warehouse manager, Bek Eng Lee, that cargo movement in and out of
the building continued even after 7pm. This evidence was accepted by Mr Rao.
The last employee of the plaintiffs left that night between 10pm and 10.45pm.
There is contradictory evidence from the plaintiffs in that a police report
(admitted as PB32) made by their operations manager Ernest Enver (who did not
testify at trial) stated that his staff on the third floor of Seiclene House
left the building about 10.45pm. The plaintiffs’ loss adjustors interviewed
the staff and they told him that they left at 10pm. One employee gave
evidence, and that was Illya Zahri (who said that he left at 8.30pm). There
was no evidence as to how visitors into the building were tracked or recorded.
Evidence was also adduced to show that the plaintiffs’ premises were protected
by a Chubb Alarm System. If armed, the plaintiffs’ manager would be notified
directly when a break-in occurs. The alarm system was inspected after the
theft and no inherent fault or malfunction was detected. The reasonable
conclusion to be drawn is that the system was either not armed or not properly
armed. The plaintiffs’ employee who was charged with the duty of arming the
system declared that he had armed it on the night in question. If that were
so, then he obviously did not arm it properly.

4 The first defendant entered into a contract with the second defendants to
provide three security guards to the Seiclene House. Two of the guards were
for daytime duty and one for the night. The scope of duty under that contract
were specified as follows:-

‘1. Prevent unauthorised personnel from entering the premises.

2\. To control and ensure a smooth functioning of activities within the
premises.

3\. Control and record all visitors and vehicles moving in and out of the
premises.

4\. Control traffic moving in and out of premises and to ensure the vehicles
are properly parked.

5\. To ensure that the building is empty before grounding the lifts at 2200
hrs.

6\. To ensure that doors to the entrance of the premises are securely locked
up.

7\. To patrol the buildings at half-hourly intervals and punched in the
clocking device at designated checkpoints.’

On the facts and evidence that I had set out above, the plaintiffs prayed to
make the first and second defendants liable for the theft. Before considering
the merits of their claim, it is important to be mindful that two key features
stand out in this action. First, the damage was caused by third parties (the
thieves). Secondly, the negligence and breach of duty alleged against the
defendants were for an omission that is, the failure to protect the
plaintiffs’ premises and goods. I shall elaborate on latter point shortly.

5 I shall first consider the plaintiffs’ claim in contract. Their counsel, Mr
Rao, submitted that by cl 2(b) of the lease agreements the second defendants
were obliged to provide security services. This claim is without merit because
the natural reading of cl 2(b) does not include nor can it be read to include
security services. Moreover, the clause was silent as to what form of security
the second defendants were obliged to provide and most, if not all, the
allegations by the plaintiffs as to the security they were entitled under the
lease had to be implied. There is no reason to do so unless the principal term
is clear. Clause 2(b) provides the consideration for the imposition of the
service charge. ‘Security Services’ was not specified in the list of services
provided and cannot be smuggled into the term under the cover of the words
‘services supplied and used in the Building’. The reference to ‘cleaning,
lighting, upkeep, maintenance and repair of the common parts of the Building’
specify what the tenant is entitled to receive for paying the service charge.
Anything else that the landlord might provide out of the funds collected would
be out of goodwill and which contractually, the tenant would not be entitled
to demand. Even if the tenant were entitled to security services by virtue of
this clause, they would only be entitled to the services as provided at the
time the contract was signed. There was no evidence that the landlord were
obliged to provide more than one guard each night. Hence, contractually, even
if cl 2(b) may be read as requiring a guard to be provided, then there was no
breach since a guard was in fact provided. It would be an extravagant reading
of cl 2(b) to require specific modes of security, additional guards, and the
mode in which they were to carry out their duties. It would be too great a
strain on the natural language in cl 2(b).

6 I shall now refer to the plaintiffs’ claim in negligence. The tort of
negligence gained ascendancy with _Doughue v Stevenson_ [1932] AC 562 a case
cited so often that one might be forgiven for taking the classic passage of
Lord Atkin for granted although occasionally, a case is presented on facts in
which the Atkinian jewel is shown in remarkably brilliant and attractive
light. Although this is not such a case, it is a sufficiently important
example of the need to isolate cases of ‘pure omission’ from ‘acts of
negligence’. The duty of care is owed by one person to another not to do any
act as will foreseeably cause harm to that other. The Atkinian formulation
referred to ‘acts or omissions’ but it is well established that the omissions
there referred to were omissions to do such act as to ameliorate the harm or
lessen the danger first created by his act. Hence it is said that a man who
creates a danger owes a duty to take measures to prevent his Atkinian
neighbour from being harmed. An omission to do so is a tortious omission. Pure
omissions, on the other hand, generally create no duty; otherwise, a person
would be compelled at law to be a good Samaritan. (See _Smith v Littlewoods
Organisation Ltd_ [1987] 2 AC 241, 247). Thus, I may owe a duty to a man who
leaves his goods in my house to secure them reasonably and keep them safe from
foreseeable damage. But I owe no such duty to a man to whom I had leased my
house or a room in my house, unless by an express term in our lease that I
should be so obliged. The clearest distinction between a culpable omission and
a ‘pure omission’ can be gleaned from the facts in this case. Restricting
access by unauthorised persons to the building was one of the contractual
duties of the first defendant’s guards. A breach of this term will occur when
he allows persons whom he had not ascertained to be authorised to enter the
building, but, the mere fact that some unauthorised person or persons had
slipped past him is not in itself a culpable omission on his part. The fact is
that a solitary guard was given the task of discharging a guard’s duty in a
building as large as the Seiclene House. If he was at the gate he cannot be
faulted in not knowing that someone is on the second floor. In short, he
cannot be in two places at once. Thus, an omission of this kind is not a
culpable omission in itself. There must be sufficient proof that the standard
of care was not met. That has to be distinguished from a mere failure to
apprehend the thieves. A general duty to apprehend thieves or an absolute duty
to prevent theft goes beyond the contractual duty and is too widely cast.
Hence, the mere omission of a guard to apprehend a thief whom he did not know
was in the building is a ‘pure omission’. On the other hand, the plaintiffs’
employee Illya Zahri (PW3) was the person charged with the duty of arming the
Chubb alarm. He left the premises without arming the alarm when there were
other employees of the plaintiffs still in the building. There was a direct
duty on his part to a positive act namely, to arm the Chubb alarm and to do it
properly. A failure to do either is a culpable omission. Consequently also, it
had not been proved to my satisfaction that the negligence (if any) of the
defendants led to the theft. The burden in this regard remained with the
plaintiffs.

7 In the present case, the relationship between the plaintiffs and the second
defendants was purely contractual. The premises that were burglarised had been
leased to the plaintiffs who had the complete and exclusive control and
occupation of it. It is not difficult to see that in such circumstances, the
landlord cannot be responsible for the goods in the tenant’s premises. What
requires deeper consideration is the question as to whether the landlord who
might have retained full control of the common corridors owes a duty of care
to its tenants such that thieves and unauthorised persons are not permitted to
step into those corridors. Again, it is superficially attractive to think in
terms of a positive duty to do so. But upon reflection, a multitude of
conceptual and practical problems apply to diminish the initial attraction of
such a rule. Any such rule would have increased the existing law not
incrementally, but by a leap so large that its application to many fact
situations can only be tenuous. Would such a rule apply only in respect of
warehouses, or ought it apply to office and other buildings as well? What sort
of distinction should be made? Should the rule apply only after working hours,
and if so, must it not be made sufficiently flexible to accommodate the
different hours depending on the type, nature, and specific building? If such
a duty is imposed, what are the limits to the imposition of reasonable
observance? Must there be one guard for every 1,000 square metres of corridor
space? Or one guard for every point of ingress into the building? The factual
distinctions of such requirement will virtually be distinguishable from
building to building such that the diversity of factual conditions is
sufficient to destroy the notion of a single workable principle with minimal
exceptions. In coming to these conclusions, I am mindful that we may be
entering the age of tight security (and might perhaps have already done so).
The common law rules are amenable to some flexibility in this regard and, in
some instances, a stricter interpretation of the duty of care required from
those who provide security services may be warranted. There is insufficient
evidence in this case to justify any extension of the common law principles.
The plaintiffs merely failed to adduce adequate proof of the act or acts of
negligence of the guard. The plaintiffs’ counsel suggested that the second
defendants ought to have employed more security guards. That is more a
commercial, rather than legal, question. The general security and access into
the building must be one of the standard items a prospective tenant would have
enquired. If he is not satisfied with the existing arrangements, he would have
to negotiate for more secure measures. In the process of such negotiations,
the landlord would be entitled to increase the rent or auxiliary charges in
consideration.

8 Can the same be said of the first defendant’s situation? She offered no
evidence because she had no knowledge of how the theft was carried out or what
her employee was doing at the time. Her liability depends on the liability, if
any, of her employee the solitary guard on duty at the material time. The
first defendant had no contractual relationship with the plaintiffs. Her
contract was with the second defendants. The evidence against the first
defendant was sparse. Mr Rao, in fact, relied on _res ipsa locquitur_ because
he could not explain how the theft took place. Neither did he know where the
guard was or what he was doing at the material time. The liability of a
security guard in negligence is similarly based on a breach of his duty to
take care and does not include pure omissions. A short explanation is
necessary here. A guard’s duty, of course, is to guard and he fails in his
duty if he allows a stranger to take away that which he was guarding. What was
he guarding in the present case? It was, on the evidence before me, the
building known as Seiclene House. That was a huge building. The police
officers who testified at trial said that it took about twenty minutes for a
guard to walk around the building. Given the fact that only one guard was on
duty at night, the fact that the thieves entered without his knowledge and
carried out the theft is not in itself evidence of negligence. That would
impose too onerous a duty on the shoulders of any one man or woman. The
plaintiffs had to prove the negligent act on the part of the guard. The
pleading averred that the guard abandoned his post and fell asleep on duty. I
suppose that the plaintiffs mean either of three situations. First, they could
be saying that the guard abandoned his post and went to attend to something
else that had no connection with his work, for example, to see a film with his
friends or to visit his dentist. For the avoidance of doubt, I would not,
regard going to the toilet as ‘abandoning his post’. Secondly, the plaintiffs
could mean that the guard was at his post but fell asleep on duty. Thirdly,
they could mean that the guard abandoned his post and went somewhere to sleep.
In this third situation, going to the toilet to sleep could be construed as
abandoning his point. However, the plaintiffs adduced no evidence as to what
the guard did that night. It cannot be assumed that he had abandoned his post
or had fallen asleep. If as the evidence showed, it would have taken twenty
minutes to walk around the building, the thieves could have entered when the
guard’s back was turned. A guard who did not detect intruders is not by that
failure alone, negligent. The specific factual situation or context is
important. A guard who watches over the ingress through a single door may have
no excuse if an intruder enters through that door. A guard who has the watch
over the Seiclene Building is vulnerably exposed to exploitation by intruders.
It is unreasonable to find him liable without proof of any positive act of
negligence and that will only serve to amplify the exposure of such guards.
For these and foregoing reasons, I am of the view that the allegations that
the second defendants did not have a proper system of security, or were
negligent in not maintaining that system, have not been proved.

9 _Res ipsa locquitur_ is often too liberally pleaded. Generally, where
particulars of negligence are pleaded, there is no room for the application of
this principle. When a plaintiff pleads that ‘the thing speaks for itself’ he
is saying that ‘I have no proof how it happened but it did and it was
something that does not occur in the ordinary course of things’. Bags of sugar
falling on a dock worker is the classic case on point (see _Scott v London and
St. Katherine Docks_ _Co_ (1865) 3 H&C 596). When specific acts of negligence
or the cause of negligence is pleaded any reliance on _res ipsa locquitur_ is
a self-defeating admission that he has no proof to support the pleaded acts of
negligence. If a plaintiff says that the defendant was negligent because he
fell asleep on duty and is unable to prove so, he cannot then say ‘the thing
speaks for itself’. On the facts before me, the fact that thieves had broken
in does not necessarily conjure an image of a sleeping guard.

10 Lastly, I shall address the issue of the exemption clauses under cll 6(11),
(12) and (13) of the lease agreement. This exercise is undertaken only for
completeness sake since I found that neither defendants was liable in
negligence or contract. These clauses provided as follows:

‘ _LANDLORD NOT LIABLE FOR ACT_

_OMISSION OR NEGLIGENCE ETC._

(11) Notwithstanding anything herein contained the Landlord shall not be
liable to the Tenant nor shall the Tenant have any claim against the Landlord
in respect of any act omission or negligence of any porter attendant or other
servant or employee of the Landlord in or about the performance or purported
performance of any duty relating to the provision of the said services or any
of them.

_LANDLORD NOT LIABLE FOR ACCIDENT, INJURIES, ETC_

(12) Notwithstanding anything herein contained the Landlord shall be under no
liability either to the Tenant or the Tenant’s licensees servants visitors or
to others who may be permitted to enter or use the Building or any part
thereof for accidents happening or injuries sustained or for loss of or damage
to property goods or chattels in the Building or in any part thereof whether
arising from the negligence of the Landlord or of any servant or agent of the
Landlord.

_LANDLORD NOT LIABLE FOR INTERRUPTION IN SERVICES, NEGLIGENCE, DAMAGE, LOSS
ETC._

(13) Notwithstanding anything herein contained the Landlord shall not be
liable to the Tenant, nor shall the Tenant have any claim against the Landlord
in respect of:

(a) any interruption in any of the services hereinbefore mentioned by reason
of necessary repair or maintenance of any installations or apparatus or damage
thereto or destruction thereof by fire, water, riot, act of God or other cause
beyond the Landlord’s control or by reason of mechanical or other defect or
break-down or other inclement conditions or shortage of manpower, fuel,
materials, electricity or water or by reason of labour disputes;

(b) any act, omission, default, misconduct or negligence of any porter,
attendant or other servant or employee, independent contractor or agent of the
Landlord in or about the performance or purported performance of any duty
relating to the provision of the said services or any of them;

(c) any damage, injury or loss arising out of the leakage of the piping,
wiring and sprinkler system in the Building and/or the structure of the
Building and/or the premises in the Building.’

These provisions were sufficiently clear. So far as cll 6(11) and (12) are
concerned, they apply only in respect of negligence caused by the landlord’s
servant or employee. The evidence in this case clearly showed that the first
defendant was an independent contractor to the second defendants. Accordingly,
cll 6(11) and (12) are irrelevant and inapplicable. In respect of cl 6(13), Mr
Toh, counsel for the second defendants, misread the clause as applying to
‘security services’. It does not. It referred only to ‘services’ and ‘security
services’ was not enunciated as part of those services, which in cl 13(b) were
in respect of those of ‘a porter, attendant or other servant or employee’ of
the second defendants.

For the reasons above, the plaintiffs’ claim against both defendants fail and
is accordingly, dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

