Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Huang Hong Si  
[2003] SGHC 147

Case Number | : | CC 24/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 July 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Kiat Pheng (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Tan Wee Soon (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Accused in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Huang Hong Si   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Aggravating factors –
Definition of 'aggravating factor' – Not to be confused with 'aggravated
offence'  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Mitigating factors – Whether
mental condition a mitigating factor  
  

1 The accused is a 33 year old Chinese national who came to Singapore about
two years ago to work as a plasterer. He was employed by a company called
Sinzhou Engineering Pte Ltd. Zhang Xu Sheng, a 35 year old Chinese national
and his partner Guo Han Cheng, also a Chinese national, were the two directors
of Sinzhou.

2 It was asserted that in August 2002 Guo Han Cheng absconded with Sinzhou’s
money and, consequently, the company had to cease business. The salaries of
its workers’ had not been paid for some time. In November 2002, the accused,
together with other workers, went to Zhang Xu Sheng’s flat to demand payment
of their wages. The confrontation turned ugly and the police were summoned.
The workers were eventually persuaded to leave the flat by the police. But the
accused went to the flat again, this time alone, on 14 December 2002 at
2.30pm. This time he brought with him a knife wrapped in a newspaper. He
intended to ask Zhang Xu Sheng to either pay him $5,800 or at least some money
for daily expenses as he had only $2 left. Zhang was not home. The accused
decided to wait for him outside Zhang’s flat.

3 Zhang Xu Sheng returned to the flat about 5pm. Zhang asked the accused to
get assistance from the Ministry of Manpower instead. The two quarrelled.
Zhang’s parents, Zhang Shi Xiang and Wei Mei Mei came out of the flat and saw
the accused slashing his own arm twice and saying ‘See whether I dare!’. Zhang
Xu Sheng asked the accused not to do anything foolish. The accused then
stabbed Zhang once, injuring him. When Zhang’s parents saw that they rushed at
the accused to prevent him from further hurting Zhang. The accused ‘waved and
jabbed the knife’ at Zhang’s parents and in the melee, he stabbed Zhang’s
mother, Wei Mei Mei, aged 62, once in her left chest. The knife went into the
woman’s heart, killing her. Her husband was also injured but not too
seriously.

4 Huang Hong Si pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable homicide not amounting
to murder under s 304(a) of the Penal Code, Ch 224 in respect of Wei Mei Mei’s
death, and a charge of causing grievous hurt with weapon under s 324 of the
same code, before me. A third charge under s 324 for causing hurt to Zhang’s
father was taken into account for the purposes of sentencing.

5 The accused was not represented by counsel and said in mitigation that he
went to Zhang only to recover his money, a sum which he says may not be large
to others but was great to him. He is married with a 10 year old son in China.

6 The learned DPP submitted that there were aggravating factors in this case
and he listed them as follows:

‘(i) the Accused had armed himself with a knife when he went to look for Zhang
Xu Sheng (“the victim”) on 14 December 2002. He knew the knife could be used
as a dangerous weapon and he intended to use it to threaten or cause hurt for
the purpose of obtaining money from the victim;

(ii) the victim and his mother, Wei Mei Mei (“the deceased”) were two innocent
people who fell victim to the accused’s action in using the knife;

(iii) there was no provocation by the victim or the deceased;

(iv) the deceased and the victim were unarmed and harmless to the accused;

(v) the deceased was merely trying to stop the accused from attacking her son
when the accused turned the knife on her;

(vi) the injuries suffered by the deceased and the victim were very serious.
The victim’s injuries were so serious that he had to be hospitalised for 4
days. And if not for the deceased and her husband’s intervention to stop the
accused, the victim’s injuries could have been worse. Although the deceased
had suffered a single stab wound, it was sufficient to cause her death; and

(vii) this was the second time that the accused had confronted the victim at
his flat over his pay matters.’

7 It has become common practice for prosecuting counsel to address the court
on sentencing. It is done with the view of assisting the court in balancing
all the factors relevant to its determination of the sentence. The prosecuting
counsel’s submission will naturally focus on the degree of seriousness in
connection with the offence so as to act as a ballast to the plea in
mitigation by the accused. It appears to me that it has become customary of
the prosecution to refer to the degree of seriousness in connection with the
offence as ‘aggravating factors’. While I would like to think that judges
would appreciate counsel’s purpose even if they may not accept all or any of
the factors submitted, it is, nonetheless, important to understand the use of
the term ‘aggravating factors’, and not confuse it with the phrase ‘aggravated
offence’, as is sometimes used to describe an offence as a more serious
version of another. For example, robbery with hurt can be described as an
aggravated offence of robbery, and kidnapping in order to murder is an
aggravated offence of kidnapping.

8 What has frequently been labelled as ‘aggravating factors’ are, therefore,
more accurately factors that indicate the level of gravity of the crime in
specific relation to the offence upon which the accused was charged. The
degree of seriousness at each level differs according to the individual facts
of the case. Such facts are not intended to be used to compare the crime of
robbery with the crime of rape, for example. They are to be used to engage the
court in the exercise of establishing how the offender is to be punished
within the range of punishment prescribed for him for that offence. In this
regard, the degree of seriousness of the crime has four major distinctive
aspects. First, there is the degree of seriousness of the offence itself. This
presents little difficulty because this aspect is usually reflected in the
range of punishment prescribed by the legislature for the offence; although
there is always room for moot, for example, as to whether the crime of
fabricating evidence (for which the punishment is up to 3 years’ imprisonment)
is a more serious offence than the crime of being a member of an unlawful
assembly (for which the punishment is up to 2 years’ imprisonment).

9 The second aspect of seriousness is the manner and mode in which it was
committed. An accused who kills his victim with a single stab wound commits
the same crime, but arguably, in a less brutal manner than one who crushes his
victim to death with a truck as a weapon. Similarly, the offence of causing
hurt is obviously more serious in a case where a person has been beaten
several times (on the same occasion) than one who was hit only once (assuming
the blows in both cases are roughly the same).

10 The third aspect is the degree of seriousness of the consequences of the
criminal act. One victim may die a quick death, another may linger in pain
before expiring. No two cases may be alike, but the task of the court to
consider the degree and scope of seriousness is incomplete if it merely takes
into account individual factors and add them all together (even if that can be
done). It is not a numbers game. The court’s duty is to consider all the
factors, including the mitigation, as a blend and evaluating them as a whole.

11 The fourth aspect concerns the interests of the public. What is in the
public interest is not always readily palpable and it should therefore be
invoked less the crime be unjustifiably magnified.

12 In the present case, some of the ‘aggravating factors’ are merely standard
parcels, for example, the fact that the accused was ‘armed with a knife and
intended to use it’ is a factor common to many such cases; that innocent
victims were harmed is a fact without which we would not have an offence.
Similarly, the fact that there was no provocation from the victim is relevant
but cannot be regarded as ‘an aggravating factor’. Provocation by the victim,
on the other hand, may be a mitigating factor.

13 In the present case, the accused was suffering from a mental condition that
mitigates some of the factors that might otherwise have increased the degree
of seriousness of the offence. The consultant psychiatrist at the Institute of
Mental Health examined the accused and found the accused to have a ‘prolonged
depressive reaction that was caused by prolonged stressful situation’. He
stated that the accused was in a dissociative state of mind at the time he
committed the offences.’ He also stated that although the accused was aware of
what he was doing, ‘he did not have mental control of his actions.’ In the
circumstances, I sentenced the accused to seven years imprisonment in respect
of the first charge, and 12 months imprisonment in respect of the second
charge. The sentences of imprisonment are to run concurrently with effect from
the date of his arrest.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jul 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

