Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Comfort Management Pte Ltd v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 16

Case Number | : | MA 200/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 February 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Chong Boon (Albert Teo & Lim) for the appellant; G Kannan (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Comfort Management Pte Ltd — Public Prosecutor   
  
Immigration – Employment – Foreign worker – Whether employing foreign worker
otherwise than in accordance with conditions of work permit a strict liability
offence – Employment of Foreign Workers Act (Cap 91A, 1997 Rev Ed) ss 5(3),
22(2)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Construction of statute – Purposive approach –
Principles of statutory interpretation – Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 1999 Rev
Ed) s 9A(1)  
  

**The Charge**

1 The appellant, Comfort Management Pte Ltd (‘the company’), claimed trial to
a charge that it had employed a foreigner, one Krishnan Rajangam (‘Krishnan’),
otherwise than in accordance with condition 2(d) of his work permit, namely,
by authorising him to drive the company vehicles GM 2100E, YF 9957C and YG
909X outside construction sites in the course of his employment, and had
thereby committed an offence under s 5(3) of the Employment of Foreign Workers
Act (Cap 91A) (‘the Act’) which was punishable under s 22(2) of the Act.

2 Section 5(3) of the Act provides that "no person shall employ a foreign
worker otherwise than in accordance with the conditions of the work permit".
Under s 22(2) of the Act, a s 5(3) offence is punishable by a fine not
exceeding $5,000.

3 After considering the submissions and evidence before her, the district
judge convicted the company of the charge and imposed a fine of $3,500. The
company appealed against its conviction. After hearing arguments from counsel,
I dismissed the appeal and now set out the grounds for my decision.

Undisputed facts

4 The facts relevant to this appeal were relatively straightforward. Krishnan,
an Indian national, was an employee of the company from April 2000 to April
2002. In order to employ him, the company, through its director, one Lim Fatt
Seng (‘Mr Lim’), submitted to the Ministry of Manpower (‘MOM’) an application
form for prior approval to employ 10 Indian nationals as ‘non-traditional
source (‘NTS’) construction workers’. Certain conditions for the employment of
a NTS construction worker were set out in the application form for prior
approval, the material one being condition 2(d) which provided that:

2 Individual Work Permit Application

The employer shall submit individual Work Permit applications for each NTS
construction worker to be employed … The NTS construction workers recruited by
employer shall be:

…

(d) Engaged only in the construction activities listed in Annex A of this
document (Note: construction activities do NOT include driving outside
construction site).

Annex A listed several categories of construction activities such as ‘General
Building Construction and Civil Engineering Works’, ‘Road Works’ and
‘Specialised Installation Activities’. Mr Lim signed a declaration in the
prior approval application form that the company was engaged in one or more of
the construction activities listed in Annex A, and that all the NTS
construction workers employed by the company "shall be solely engaged in these
construction activities and at our construction sites". Mr Lim also declared
that the company would comply with the work permit conditions.

5 After prior approval was granted by MOM, Mr Lim applied for, and obtained,
an individual work permit for Krishnan to work as a building electrician.
Krishnan’s primary responsibilities were to carry out works relating to the
installation, commissioning and testing of air-conditioning systems.

6 Krishnan held a valid driving license. It was not disputed that the company
had authorised him to drive the company vehicles, referred to in the charge.
The purpose and extent to which the company had authorised Krishnan to drive
the company vehicles were however disputed and would be reverted to below.

**The prosecution’s case**

7 The prosecution conceded that Krishnan was not working primarily as a
company driver. His primary responsibilities remained that of a building
electrician and this complied with condition 2(d) of his work permit. The
prosecution contended, however, that condition 2(d) should be interpreted as
prohibiting all instances of driving outside construction sites in the course
of a foreign worker’s employment. The crux of the case was hence whether the
company had authorised Krishnan to drive in the course of his employment. The
fact that the company was employing Krishnan primarily as a building
electrician, and not as a company driver, was irrelevant to the charge.

**The defence**

8 The company raised three arguments in defence. First, the prosecution’s
interpretation of condition 2(d) was wrong. Condition 2(d) was ambiguous and
should therefore be construed strictly in favour of the company. Secondly,
even on the prosecution’s interpretation of condition 2(d), the company was
nevertheless not in breach of that condition. Thirdly, the company did not
possess the _mens rea_ for the offence.

**The trial judge’s findings**

9 The trial judge agreed with the prosecution’s interpretation of condition
2(d) of Krishnan’s work permit. The judge held that condition 2(d) was not
ambiguous and that it prohibited Krishnan from driving outside a construction
site in the course of his employment. However, driving in his personal
capacity was not prohibited.

10 The judge then considered whether the company had breached condition 2(d).
The company conceded that it had authorised Krishnan to transport work
equipment (used by his co-workers and himself) between constructions sites and
that it had paid for all expenses (including parking and petrol charges)
relating to those vehicles. On these facts alone, the judge was prepared to
find that the company had authorised Krishnan to drive in the course of his
employment and had therefore breached condition 2(d).

11 The judge also went further to consider the disputed scope of driving,
namely, whether the company had also authorised Krishnan to ferry co-workers
in those vehicles. Krishnan testified that Abdul Razak Syed Mubarak (‘Syed’),
an operations manager of the company who was responsible for the allocation of
company vehicles, had instructed him to ferry co-workers between construction
sites once or twice every month. Krishnan further testified that Syed had also
instructed him to pick up one Kesavan, a co-worker, every morning on his way
to work. Syed was then called to testify as a prosecution witness. In his
examination-in-chief, he denied giving these instructions to Krishnan. Upon
cross-examination, however, he admitted that Krishnan had picked up Kesavan
with his knowledge and consent. The company’s defence, as relevant to this
issue, was that it did not authorise Krishnan to ferry his co-workers at all.
The judge, after careful consideration of the evidence and the demeanour of
the witnesses, rejected both Syed and the company’s testimonies. She believed
Krishnan’s testimony and found that the company had not only authorised
Krishnan to use the company vehicles to transport the work tools (which was
conceded), but also his co-workers. She held that this further strengthened
the prosecution’s case that the company had authorised Krishnan to drive in
the course of his employment. The _actus reus_ for a s 5(3) offence was
accordingly made out.

12 The judge next considered whether the company had possessed the requisite
_mens rea_ for a s 5(3) offence. No arguments were presented as to whether
_mens rea_ is required for the offence, or the type of _mens rea_ that must be
proved. The parties instead proceeded on whether the company had knowledge of
the existence of condition 2(d). The judge found that the company had such
knowledge and ruled that the prosecution had proven the presence of _mens rea_
beyond a reasonable doubt.

13 The judge accordingly convicted the company of the charge and imposed a
fine of $3, 500, giving weight to the fact that it was a first offender.

**Issues arising upon appeal**

14 The issues which arose upon appeal were similar to those which had arisen
during the trial. First, whether the trial judge was correct in her
interpretation of condition 2(d) of the work permit. Secondly, whether the
company had breached condition 2(d) of the work permit. Thirdly, whether the
company had possessed the requisite _mens rea_ for the offence.

**First ground of appeal : interpretation of condition 2(d)**

**(i) Applicable principles of interpretation**

15 The applicable principles in the interpretation of executive orders and
conditions (including work permits) are the same as those applied in the
interpretation of primary legislation: _Forward Food Management Pte Ltd v PP_
[2002] 2 SLR 40. In that case, I discussed the relevant authorities and
summarised the principles to be applied in interpreting penal statutory
provisions as follows:

The proper approach to be taken by a court construing a penal provision is to
first consider if the literal and purposive interpretations of the provision
leave the provision in ambiguity. It is only after these and other tools of
ascertaining Parliament’s intent have been exhausted, that the strict
construction rule kicks in in the accused person’s favour [at para 26].

It is clear from the passage quoted above that the strict construction rule is
a rule of last resort to be applied only if ‘literal’ and ‘purposive’
interpretations of a provision as well as other rules of construction still
leave the provision in ambiguity.

16 While the purposive and literal interpretations of a statutory provision
often coincide, this is not always the case. Where they conflict, it is
settled law that a purposive interpretation should be adopted over a literal
interpretation that does not support the purpose and object of the written
law, even if the wording of the statute is not ambiguous or inconsistent:
_Constitutional Reference No 1 of 1995_ [1995] 2 SLR 201 and _Kenneth Nicholas
v PP_ [MA/210/2002]. This follows from the clear terms of s 9A(1) of the
Interpretation Act (Cap 1) which reads:-

Purposive interpretation of written law and use of extrinsic materials

9A. – (1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object.

17 Section 9A(1) is also in line with the prevailing common law position which
was stated most succinctly by Lord Simon of Glaisdale in _Maunsell v Olins &
Anor_ [1975] 1 All ER 16 at 25:

…In statutes dealing with ordinary people in their everyday lives, the
language is presumed to be used in its primary ordinary sense, unless this
stultifies the purpose of the statute, or otherwise produced some injustice,
absurdity, anomaly or contradiction, in which case some secondary ordinary
sense may be preferred so as to obviate the injustice, absurdity, anomaly or
contradiction, or fulfil the purpose of the statute.

This passage undoubtedly also represents the position in Singapore. Although s
9A(1) of the Interpretation Act makes reference only to statutory purpose and
not to concepts such as ‘injustice’, ‘absurdity’, ‘anomaly’ or ‘contradiction’
which appear in the common law, it is obviously desirable that such concepts
be incorporated into our jurisprudence. There is no reason why a statutory
provision should be rendered unjust, absurd, anomalous or contradictory when
some other interpretation is possible.

18 I would emphasise at this juncture that the approach in both s 9A and the
common law assume that the statutory provision in question is reasonably
capable of more than one construction: in such a case, the meaning which
promotes the statutory purpose should be chosen. However, if the word is
capable of one meaning only, then the courts should not impose another
meaning, even if the latter, in the opinion of the courts, will better promote
the statutory purpose: per Lord Reid in _Jones v Director of Public
Prosecutions_ [1962] AC 635 at 662. Otherwise, that will amount to performing
the legislative function. A line must still be drawn between purposive
interpretation and law-making.

19 For the purposes of the present appeal, I would summarise the relevant
principles of statutory interpretation discussed above as a three-step test:

(i) Words or phrases in statutory provisions should generally be given their
literal meanings (the ‘literal interpretation’ rule).

(ii) However, if the literal meaning would not promote the statutory purpose,
then some other secondary meaning which promotes the statutory purpose should
be chosen (the ‘purposive interpretation’ rule).

(iii) If the provision is still ambiguous after applying the ‘literal
interpretation’ and the ‘purposive interpretation’ rule, then the courts
should prefer an interpretation which favours the accused (the ‘strict
construction’ rule).

The above principles are of course not meant to be exhaustive, given the
myriad of situations that the courts can be called upon to interpret
provisions as well as the many different types of provisions. Rather, they are
intended to provide workable guidelines on the facts of the present appeal.

**(ii) Application of the principles to condition 2(d)**

20 I then applied the principles set out above to the interpretation of
condition 2(d). The company argued that condition 2(d) was ambiguous in that
it was capable of five different meanings and, as such, the strict
construction rule should be applied in its favour. It contended that the judge
had erred in holding that condition 2(d) was not ambiguous. The five different
meanings contended by the company were as follows:

(i) Since Annex A allowed NTS workers to carry out construction activities
which required driving heavy vehicles (such as road building, earth works,
dredging etc) as well as those which did not require driving heavy vehicles,
condition 2(d) could mean that only foreign workers who were required to drive
heavy vehicles inside construction sites were prohibited from driving outside
construction sites. Since Krishnan had only been working as a building
electrician which did not require driving heavy vehicles inside construction
sites, he was hence not prohibited from driving outside construction sites.

(ii) The work permit holder was not permitted under any circumstances (whether
in the course of employment or otherwise) to drive outside construction sites.

(iii) The work permit holder could drive outside construction sites if he was
merely driving to and from home and office and between construction sites.

(iv) The work permit holder could drive outside construction sites only in his
personal and private capacity.

(v) The work permit holder could not drive outside construction sites if such
driving was in the course of his employment.

21 Meaning (v), as stated above, was the interpretation applied by the judge.
In my opinion, there was no ambiguity in condition 2(d) at all and the judge
arrived at the correct interpretation. A literal reading of condition 2(d) may
appear to prohibit all forms of driving outside construction sites and as
such, meaning (ii) seems to be the most appropriate interpretation. However,
meaning (ii) can be easily dismissed once the purpose behind s 5(3) and
condition 2(d) is taken into account. One of the purposes behind s 5(3) and
condition 2(d) is clearly to prevent employers from illegally deploying
foreign workers to other employment sectors, other than those stated in the
work permit. It should also be noted that the provisions are intended to
govern employers and employees in their professional relationship only. There
was hence no reason to prohibit Krishnan from driving in his personal
capacity, such as a weekend trip to Sentosa or an evening visit to a
supermarket.

22 Similarly, the statutory purpose would be at least partially defeated if
meaning (i) was applied because it would allow some categories of
constructions workers, that is, those not driving heavy vehicles inside
construction sites as part of their duties, to be deployed illegally to drive
company vehicles outside construction sites.

23 Meaning (iii) was clearly a desperate attempt to interpret condition 2(d)
so as to exonerate the company and found no support either on a literal or
purposive reading of the condition. Only meanings (iv) and (v) were left which
were really the converse of each other and made no difference to this appeal
whether one or the other was adopted. It was clear that meaning (v) (or
meaning (iv) for that matter), in prohibiting only driving in the course of
Krishnan’s employment, best promoted the statutory purpose of preventing
employers from deploying foreign workers to sectors not authorised by their
work permits. Since purposive interpretation yielded a clear meaning here,
there was no occasion for me to apply the strict construction rule in favour
of the company.

24 The company further raised two arguments against the adoption of meaning
(v). The first argument was that such an interpretation of condition 2(d)
would be impractical as it meant that Krishnan would either have to take
public transport or that the company would have to hire a driver to ferry him
and the work tools between job sites. This appeared, however, to be exactly
what s 5(3) and condition 2(d) were intended to achieve, that is, NTS workers
could only be deployed to do construction work as defined in Annex A, and if
companies needed someone to drive company vehicles, then they should look for
other sources of labour. Certainly many companies would prefer to incur lower
business costs and if they could have their way, would probably relish
requiring NTS construction workers to also drive their vehicles, clean their
offices or deliver their goods. There were however other more compelling
policy considerations at play here and the companies would have to adapt
accordingly.

25 The second argument was that meaning (v) would lead to the ‘anomaly’ that
work permit holders could not ‘drive’, but could ‘ride’ (say, a motorcycle),
outside construction sites. I found no merit in that argument. In the first
place, condition 2(d) may also prohibit work permit holders from riding in the
course of their employment, since driving was only cited there as an example
of what did not fall under the categories of construction activities listed in
Annex A. Secondly, even if condition 2(d) did not prohibit riding outside
construction sites, it was entirely plausible that the MOM might think it
desirable from a policy point of view that the ‘driving’ sector, but not the
‘riding’ sector, should be protected from an influx of NTS workers.

**Second ground of appeal : whether the company had breached condition 2(d) of
the work permit**

26 The next issue here was whether the company had breached condition 2(d) of
the work permit. Following the interpretation of condition 2(d) adopted above,
the answer here would depend on whether the company had authorised Krishnan to
drive the company vehicles outside construction sites in the course of his
employment. I agreed with the judge that even on the basis of the conceded
facts, namely, that Krishnan had been authorised only to ferry himself and
work tools between construction sites, this would amount to driving in the
course of his employment. It was irrelevant that Krishnan’s primary
responsibilities had remained that of a building electrician and not a driver:
condition 2(d) was aimed at the activity ‘driving’ and not the occupation
‘driver’.

27 Even though this was strictly unnecessary, I would go further and rule that
the judge was entitled to believe Krishnan’s testimony that he had also been
authorised to ferry co-workers although both Syed and the company had denied
this. It is trite law that due weight should be given to the judge’s
assessment of the veracity or credibility of witnesses, given that she has the
benefit of observing their demeanour _: PP v Nurashikin Binte Ahmad Borhan_
(MA/15/2002) and _Jimina Jacee d/o CD Athananasius v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR 205.
This ground of appeal was hence dismissed.

**Third ground of appeal : mens rea under s 5(3)**

(i) Applicable principles in deciding whether an offence is one of strict
liability

28 While the trial below had proceeded on the basis that _mens rea_ is
required for a s 5(3) offence, the prosecution argued upon appeal that s 5(3)
is a strict liability offence, which relieved it from having to prove _mens
rea_ beyond a reasonable doubt. Instead, it submitted that the onus was on the
company to establish on a balance of probabilities that it had taken
reasonable care to prevent Krishnan from driving outside construction sites in
the course of his employment.

29 Section 5(3) is silent on whether _mens rea_ is required for conviction
thereunder. In _Forward Food Management Pte Ltd v PP_ , I expressed doubts as
to whether s 5(3) creates a strict liability offence but emphasised that it
was neither necessary nor appropriate to deal with the issue of _mens rea_
there since full arguments were not received on that issue. The issue of _mens
rea_ was hence clearly open for determination in this appeal and it would have
to be approached from first principles.

30 The approach to be applied in deciding whether an offence is one of strict
liability was established in _Sweet v Parsley_ [1970] AC 132 and _Gammon Ltd v
AG of Hong Kong_ [1985] 1 AC 1. In _Gammon Ltd_ , Lord Scarman expressed the
following opinion at p 14:

…(1) there is a presumption of law that _mens rea_ is required before a person
can be held guilty of a criminal offence; (2) the presumption is particularly
strong where the offence is "truly criminal" in character; (3) the presumption
applies to statutory offences, and can be displaced only if this is clearly or
by necessary implication the effect of the statute; (4) the only situation in
which the presumption can be displaced is where the statute is concerned with
an issue of social concern, and public safety is such an issue; (5) even when
a statute is concerned with such an issue, the presumption of _mens rea_
stands unless it can be shown that the creation of strict liability will be
effective to promote the objects of the statute by encouraging greater
vigilance to prevent the commission of the prohibited act.

Lord Scarman further held that while the severity of the maximum penalties may
well indicate that Parliament could not have intended to afflict such harsh
punishments without _mens rea_ being proven beyond a reasonable doubt, it is
not a determinative factor as this may be consistent with Parliament’s intent
to deter the conduct: see p 17F-H. However, if the penalty involved is
"slight, involving, for instance, a fine, particularly if adequate enforcement
depends upon wholesale prosecution, or if the social danger arising from
violation is serious, the doctrine of basing liability upon mere activity
rather than fault, is sound": _MV Balakrishnan v PP_ [1998] 1 CLAS News 357 at
para 12.

31 In _Chng Wei Meng v PP_ [2002] 4 SLR 595, I also held that since the
rationale behind strict liability offences is to encourage greater vigilance
to prevent the commission of the prohibited act, this implies that an accused
is entitled to be acquitted if he can prove on a balance of probabilities that
he has taken due care and attention to comply with the statutory requirements.
This conclusion is not only just and logical, but also mandated by s 79, read
with ss 40(2) and 52 of the Penal Code (Cap 224): see _Tan Khee Wan Iris v PP_
[1995] 2 SLR 63. See also _M V Balakrishnan v PP_ [1998] 1 CLAS News 257 and
_Tan Cheng Kwee v PP_ [2002] 3 SLR 390. Hence, in the context of this appeal,
even if I were to hold that s 5(3) is a strict liability offence, the company
was nevertheless entitled to be acquitted if it could prove on a balance of
probabilities that it had taken due care and attention to ensure that Krishnan
was not employed contrary to condition 2(d) of his work permit.

(ii) Is s 5(3) a strict liability offence?

32 I then applied the principles discussed above and came to the conclusion
that s 5(3) is indeed a strict liability offence. First, the offence cannot be
described as ‘truly criminal’ in character and indeed, it carries little
social stigma. Secondly, s 5(3) of the Act is concerned with an issue of
social concern. It is undoubtedly of social concern that the government’s
strategy of limiting foreign workers to sectors of the economy where there are
needed should succeed. Thirdly, it is also clear that imposing strict
liability here will encourage greater vigilance on the part of employers to
prevent the breach of work permit conditions. The work responsibilities of
foreign workers are ultimately assigned by the employers and given the large
numbers of work permit holders in Singapore, it is difficult for the MOM to
monitor and ensure compliance with the work permit conditions. Further, the
maximum penalty that may be imposed for a s 5(3) offence is only a $5,000 fine
which certainly cannot be described as severe or harsh.

(iii) Has the company proven due care and attention on its part?

33 Having decided that s 5(3) is a strict liability offence, the next issue
was whether the company could avail itself of the defence of due care and
attention. This point can be taken shortly. The company was clearly aware of
the existence of condition 2(d) given that one of its directors, Mr Lim, had
declared in the application form for prior approval that the company would
comply with the work permit conditions. Further, it would be quite illogical
to argue that the company had taken any due care and attention to prevent
Krishnan from driving in the course of his employment when it had authorised
such driving in the first place. It was also irrelevant even if it was true,
as the company contended that it had genuinely misinterpreted the terms of
condition 2(d). A mistake with respect to the effect or meaning of a work
permit condition, like a mistake of law, is not a recognised defence.
Otherwise, anyone can escape liability by asserting that it is under the
delusion that a particular work permit condition does not mean what it is
clearly expressed or intended to mean. This ground of appeal was hence
dismissed.

(iv) What if mens rea is required for a s 5(3) offence

34 Both parties had proceeded in the court below on the basis that _mens rea_
is required for a s 5(3) offence. The prosecution only raised the issue of
strict liability in response to the company’s submissions upon appeal. As
such, I did not have the benefit of the company’s arguments on the strict
liability point. Nevertheless, even if I were to hold that s 5(3) is not a
strict liability offence and that the prosecution must prove _mens rea_ beyond
a reasonable doubt, I would still be satisfied that the prosecution had
satisfied this burden of proof. As discussed in the prior paragraph, the
company knew of the existence of condition 2(d) and had authorised Krishnan to
drive in the course of his employment and that, in my opinion, was sufficient
_mens rea_. Hence this ground of appeal would be dismissed even on the basis
that s 5(3) requires _mens rea_.

**Conclusion**

35 For the reasons given above, I dismissed the appeal and upheld the decision
of the judge.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Feb 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

