Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng So Kuen Connie v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 164

Case Number | : | MA 314/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 August 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Shashi Nathan and Cho Peilin (Harry Elias Partnership) for appellant; David Chew Siong Tai (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Ng So Kuen Connie — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Elements of crime – Mens rea – Rashness – Whether accused
person suffering from serious mental condition was capable of possessing mens
rea of rashness  
  
Criminal Law – General exceptions – Unsoundness of mind – Whether accused
person suffering from serious mental condition, but certified to be of sound
mind, exonerated under Penal Code  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – "Killer litter" – Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)
s 336  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Mentally disordered offenders
– Weight of deterrent element in sentencing  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Mentally disordered offenders
– Whether custodial sentence appropriate – Weight of expert opinion  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Expert evidence – Whether trial judge
entitled to reject conclusion of expert witnesses on issue of mens rea  
  

1 The appellant was convicted in the magistrate’s court for an offence under s
336 of the Penal Code and was sentenced to two months’ imprisonment. She
appealed against both conviction and sentence. I dismissed the appeal against
conviction but allowed the appeal against sentence in part. I set aside the
imprisonment term and substituted it with a fine of $250. I now give my
reasons.

**Facts**

2 The appellant is a 42 year-old female who claimed trial to the following
charge:

You, … are charged that you on the 26th day of February, 2002 at or about 6.30
pm at Blk 52 Bayshore Road #07-05, Singapore, did a certain act, to wit, by
throwing down from your unit #07-05, 5 video tapes in a box, 5 bottles of
protein powder, two pillows, one dumbbell weighing 3LB, one hanger, one glass,
some clothing, new year decorations, few VCD’s, two small soft toys, a pair of
slippers, two large hangers and a few magazines, which act was so rash as to
endanger human life and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
Section 336 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

3 The actus reus of the offence was not in dispute. At the trial below, the
only issue was whether the appellant possessed the requisite mens rea of
rashness for the offence.

_Testimony of the complainant Eugene Tan_

4 The complainant was one Eugene Tan Thiam Hee (‘Eugene’). At the material
time, he was the property manager of Bayshore Park condominium. On the evening
of 26 February 2002, Eugene was informed that someone was throwing things from
a unit at one of the blocks. When he went to the scene, he saw things being
thrown down from the seventh floor of that block. Subsequently, Eugene went up
to the seventh floor. After ascertaining that the items were being thrown down
from unit 07-05, he knocked on the door of the unit. Initially, there was no
reply. He testified that at that point he could hear shouting inside the
apartment, but he could not ascertain what the shouting was about.

5 Then the appellant answered the door. She repeatedly told Eugene that she
was cleaning the house. Eugene told her that, even though she was cleaning the
house, she should not be throwing things down. To Eugene, the appellant
appeared to be very agitated and was speaking very fast. He also testified
that, even though he had heard shouting, there was no one in the apartment
with the appellant. Under cross-examination, Eugene said that, in his lay
opinion, there was ‘something wrong’ with the appellant.

6 Eugene then went into the neighbouring unit where he was told by the
appellant’s neighbours that they were trying to contact the appellant’s
husband who was overseas. Eugene testified that whilst he was in the
neighbour’s unit, he continued to hear shouting from the appellant’s unit. He
also testified that by communicating with the security guards downstairs
through a walkie-talkie, he knew that more items were being thrown from the
appellant’s unit.

7 Eugene eventually called the police and the appellant was arrested. After
her arrest, the appellant was sent to the Institute of Mental Health (‘IMH’)
the next day (27 February 2002) and was discharged nine days later on 8 March
2002.

_The appellant’s evidence_

8 At the trial below, the appellant elected to give evidence. Under
examination-in-chief, she raised the following as events leading up to the day
of the incident:

(a) Her younger sister was diagnosed with leukaemia in September 2001 and she
had been making frequent trips to Hong Kong to visit her sister (her sister
eventually passed away in August 2002);

(b) She was experiencing stress from her work; and

(c) In January 2002, her husband had to undergo an emergency circumcision
operation because of an infection and this operation was not successful,
resulting in the husband suffering from pain and frequent bleeding. The
relationship with her husband also became strained.

9 She testified that on the day of the incident, she sent her husband to the
airport when he left for a business trip to the United States. Thereafter, her
testimony did not adhere to a coherent timeline. She made the following points
about what happened on the day of the incident:

(a) She went to the two hospitals that had treated her husband with the aim of
lodging complaints against their poor service;

(b) She then proceeded to the Television Corporation of Singapore at Caldecott
Hill in an attempt to purchase air time to express her grievance to the public
about the state of the health care system in Singapore;

(c) She gave out $50 notes (with her name and date written on the notes) to
taxi drivers, passers-by and the security guard at her condominium because she
wanted to do good deeds so that her husband could come back safely;

(d) She intended to go to Hong Kong to visit her sister but her mother-in-law
suggested that she should go to the United States to join her husband. So, she
started packing to go to the United States;

(e) Her neighbour, one Mrs Wong, came to visit her with a friend and tried to
evangelize her. She recalled that she was very angry, agitated, confused and
wanted them to leave;

(f) She had two friends visiting her and she asked them to help her to pack
for her impending trip; and

(g) She thought she was her younger sister who was ill and throwing tantrums
at that time and that she imagined herself being her little sister and started
throwing a tantrum in the house.

10 She testified that after her arrest she thought she was talking to Mr Lee
Kuan Yew when she was in police custody. She also testified that when she was
in the patrol car, she thought she was on a flight to Hong Kong. She thought
that there was a camera shooting at her when she was being questioned by the
police. When she was in the IMH subsequently, she thought she was in the
labour room, waiting for her sister-in-law to give birth.

11 In her examination-in-chief, she repeatedly said that she could not
remember why she threw the things down. This was largely her stance under
cross-examination as well. However, this was undermined by one important part
of her examination-in-chief where she stated:

At the material time, I did not have any intention to hurt anybody. I did not
have any intention to throw these items down and to injury anybody. The fact
was that these things landed on the ground. I suspect that I was my younger
sister at that time. She was ill and throwing tantrums. I tried to recall what
had happened. I thought I was my younger sister. _I threw the things down to
show Mrs Wong that I was helpless at that time_. I had no intention to hurt
anybody. _I was very irritated when Mrs Wong visited me_. (emphasis added)

_Evidence from prosecution witness Dr Tommy Tan_

12 Two psychiatrists were called to give evidence at the trial below. The
prosecution’s witness, one Dr Tommy Tan (‘Dr Tan’), was the consultant
psychiatrist at the IMH who had been treating the appellant since her
admission. Dr Tan testified that at the time of the incident, the appellant
was suffering from a condition known as hypomania or more commonly known to a
lay person as a nervous breakdown.

13 In his letter to the Investigation Officer (‘the first letter’), Dr Tan
stated that the appellant had been mentally unwell for a few weeks before she
was admitted to the IMH. More importantly, he added that “she [the appellant]
knew what she was doing but she did not appreciate the consequences of her
action then.” In another letter from Dr Tan to the appellant’s former
solicitor (‘the second letter’), Dr Tan wrote:

She was mentally unwell when she threw the several objects out of her house.
However, she was not of unsound mind in the strict legal sense. Although she
knew what she was doing, she was unable to control her actions then and did
not appreciate the consequences of her actions.

14 In a subsequent letter to the appellant’s former solicitor (‘the third
letter’), Dr Tan stated that the appellant’s condition had progressed to one
of depression. He also stated, that if she is imprisoned, her depression may
worsen.

15 Under cross-examination, Dr Tan gave the following testimony:

Q: You said that she knew what she was doing but she did not fully appreciate
the consequences of her actions?

A: Yes.

Q: When she was throwing things out of her window, she was conscious of doing
it?

A: Yes. […]

Q: _Could she at that time, realise that what she was doing was dangerous and
could hurt other people?_

A: _Yes, she could have._ […]

Q: The charge she is facing is one of doing a rash act so as to endanger life
[…] Could you tell if she acted in a rash manner?

A: Not in my opinion. By your definition, it would suggest a person has some
degree of control over herself. A person could choose or choose not to commit
the rash act. In her case, she had no control over herself at all. [emphasis
added]

16 In the first letter, Dr Tan stated that in his opinion, the appellant did
not appreciate the consequences of her action then. However, at trial, Dr Tan
testified that in his opinion, she did not _fully_ appreciate the consequences
of her action at that time. Under re-examination, Dr Tan gave the following
clarification of what he meant when he added the word ‘fully’:

Q: Earlier on, you added that she did not fully appreciate?

A: She might have known what consequences. Because of her mental state, she
might have realised the consequences. At the same time, she might not have
realised the consequences. That was why I amended my report to ‘fully’.

_Evidence from defence witness Dr Lim Yun Chin_

17 The other psychiatrist who gave evidence was one Dr Lim Yun Chin (‘Dr Lim’)
who was a defence witness. Dr Lim concurred with Dr Tan that the appellant was
suffering from hypomania. He was of the opinion that at the time when she
threw the things down, she could not form an intent for her behaviour because
of her illness. Under cross-examination, Dr Lim also testified that the
appellant was incapable of understanding her behaviour at the moment when it
took place. Further, he added that in his opinion the appellant could not have
appreciated the danger or risk of what she was doing.

**The decision below**

18 The trial judge found that the appellant possessed the necessary mens rea
for the charge at the material time. He noted that both psychiatrists had
opined that the appellant did not possess the mens rea for the offence.
However, he held that the issue of determining whether an accused person
possessed the necessary mens rea for an offence has always been a question to
be decided by the court. In doing so, he disagreed with Dr Tan’s finding that
the appellant could not control her actions. He found that to be against the
weight of the evidence. However, he accepted Dr Tan’s finding that the
appellant could have realised the consequences of her actions at the time
because that was consistent with the weight of the evidence.

19 The trial judge then went on to rely on three bases for finding that the
appellant had the requisite mens rea. First, he found that, by being able to
attend to Eugene’s knock at the door, the appellant retained the ability to
realise the consequences of her actions at the material time and the facts
indicated her ability to be in control of the situation. Secondly, he held
that Eugene’s evidence was such that the prosecution had made out a complete
case against the appellant. Thirdly, the trial judge also drew adverse
inferences against the appellant on certain issues. He noted that the
appellant did not mention her hallucinations at the time of the offence (viz.
that she thought she was her younger sister) to either of the psychiatrists.
He also drew adverse inferences against the appellant for failing to call her
neighbour, Mrs Wong, to testify, if she wanted the court to believe her
testimony on this aspect. Finally, he drew adverse inferences against the
appellant for failing to call on her two friends who were allegedly with her
at the time of the incident.

20 On the issue of sentencing, the appellant’s counsel submitted at the trial
below that an imprisonment term would be crushing on her condition and urged
the trial judge to grant her a conditional discharge. The trial judge
disagreed with counsel and came to the conclusion that a conditional discharge
was inappropriate in this case because it was a ‘killer litter’ case where the
appellant had thrown down 25 items including some highly dangerous ones.

21 The trial judge then held that he would have been minded to consider this
case as a ‘worst case scenario’ and impose the maximum term of three months on
the appellant. However, taking into account her condition and predicament at
that time and also the fact that the trial proceeded solely on the question of
mens rea, about which she felt that she had a viable defence, the trial judge
imposed an imprisonment term of two months instead.

**The appeal against conviction**

_Whether the trial judge was entitled to reject the expert evidence_

22 The preliminary question to be answered in this appeal was whether the
trial judge was entitled to reject the expert evidence of both psychiatrists
who testified in court that in their expert opinion the appellant did not have
the requisite mens rea of rashness.

23 Counsel for the appellant relied on the decision of the Court of Appeal in
_Chou Kooi Pang & Anor v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 593 where it was held at 598:

Further, it is well established that expert opinion is only admissible to
furnish the court with scientific information which is likely to be outside
the experience and knowledge of a judge. If, on the proven facts, a judge can
form his own conclusions without help, the opinion of an expert is unnecessary
[…]

24 Counsel for the appellant contended that the expert opinion of both
psychiatrists should have been admitted by the trial judge. The trial judge
was not entitled to reject their expert testimony and substitute it with his
own opinion on the matter as the expert evidence dealt with ‘scientific
information likely to be outside the experience and knowledge of a judge’.
They contended that the question of whether the appellant showed indifference
to obvious consequences and to the rights of others could only be answered by
the medical experts who examined the appellant. They also relied on a passage
in the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Dr Khoo James & Anor v Gunapathy
d/o Muniandy & another appeal_ [2002] 2 SLR 414 it was held at 419:

We often enough tell doctors not to play god; it seems only fair that
similarly, judges and lawyers should not play at being doctors.

25 I disagreed with counsel’s argument. I was of the opinion that whether the
appellant had the requisite mens rea was not something within ‘scientific
information that is outside the experience and knowledge of a judge’. In
general, whether an issue falls within the rubric of ‘scientific information’
is a question to be determined on the facts of each case. There is a whole
spectrum of facts in which certain issues are clearly within the realm of
‘scientific information’ while others are clearly not. The citation of a few
examples from recent local decisions will illustrate this point.

26 First, in _Saeng-un Udom v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 1, the issue was whether the
appellant caused the death of the victim. The only forensic expert in that
case gave testimony that the appellant’s weapon could not have been the weapon
used to inflict the injuries found on the deceased. Despite the expert’s
opinion, the trial judge concluded that the injuries were caused by the
appellant’s weapon and convicted the appellant. The Court of Appeal found that
the trial judge’s rejection of the expert evidence was erroneous. _Saeng-un
Udom_ _v PP_ was a clear case where the expert evidence on pathology was
strictly out of the realm of the judge’s experience and expertise.
Consequently, the trial judge was not entitled to substitute the expert’s
opinion with his own.

27 In coming to its conclusion, the Court of Appeal cited this passage from
_Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ (2000) at paragraph 120.257:

The role of the court is restricted to electing or choosing between
conflicting expert evidence or accepting or rejecting the proffered expert
evidence, though none else is offered (_Muhammad Jefrry bin Safii v PP_ [1997]
1 SLR 197). The court should not, when confronted with expert evidence which
is unopposed and appears not to be obviously lacking in defensibility, reject
it nevertheless and prefer to draw its own inferences. While the court is not
obliged to accept expert evidence by reason only that it is unchallenged (_Sek
Kim Wah v PP_ [1987] SLR 107), if the court finds that the evidence is based
on sound grounds and supported by the basic facts, it can do little else than
to accept the evidence.

28 Next, in _Dr Khoo James & Anor v Gunapathy d/o Muniandy & Anor_ [2002] 2
SLR 414, the Court of Appeal essentially held that in determining whether
there was negligence in the treatment of Gunapathy’s tumour, the trial judge
was not entitled to reject the expert opinion of the neurologists on a highly
technical, complex and controversial area and then come up with a theory of
his own.

29 In coming to that conclusion, the Court of Appeal held at 419:

It would be pure humbug for a judge, in the rarified atmosphere of the
courtroom and with the benefit of hindsight, to substitute his opinion for
that of the doctor in the consultation room or operating chamber. We often
enough tell doctors not to play god; it seems only fair that, similarly,
judges and lawyers should not play at being doctors.

30 The above two cases serve to illustrate that where the expert evidence is
clearly within the realm of science (e.g. pathology and standard practice in
neurology and radiology), the judge should defer to the opinion of either of
the experts and not come to his own opinion.

31 This has to be contrasted with the case of _Chou Kooi Pang v PP_ (supra).
In that case, one of the two appellants sought to raise evidence from a
clinical psychologist who testified that he (the appellant) was of borderline
intelligence and therefore could not have had the mens rea for the offence. In
dismissing this argument (and the appeal), the Court of Appeal held at
paragraph 17 on p 598:

The question was whether the first appellant knew or at least suspected that
he was carrying drugs. This could only be inferred from the surrounding
circumstances by the trier of fact, and was a matter entirely within the trial
judge’s purview. _A chief and justified concern of the courts is that the
fact-finding process should not be surrendered to professionals such as
psychiatrists, but should remain the province of the courts._ As such, we were
of the view that the trial judge was entitled to reject the evidence of DW1
[the clinical psychologist] and to come to his own conclusions from the
surrounding circumstances. [emphasis added]

32 I found the facts of the present case to be similar to those found in _Chou
Kooi Pang v PP_. In this case, the critical issue was whether the appellant
had the requisite mens rea. That was a finding of fact to be inferred from the
available evidence and surrounding circumstances. As a trier of fact, the
trial judge was just as capable of assessing the evidence as the
psychiatrists. At best, the role of the psychiatrists was to support the trial
judge’s finding of fact. At no point should the trial judge’s fact-finding
role be abrogated to the experts. Thus, I found that as a matter of law, the
trial judge was correct when he chose not to accept the evidence of both
psychiatrists who came to the conclusion that the appellant could not have the
requisite mens rea.

33 The above analysis would have been sufficient for me to hold that the trial
judge was entitled to reject the evidence of both psychiatrists. Nevertheless,
for the sake of completeness, I will deal with an issue raised by counsel for
the appellant. Counsel argued that the trial judge was wrong in rejecting the
evidence of both the psychiatrists because both experts had been unanimous in
coming to the conclusion that the appellant did not possess the requisite mens
rea.

34 This argument was unmeritorious. While there was a superficial agreement
between the two experts in their conclusion, their testimonies had materially
differed. This was rightly pointed out by the trial judge. First, Dr Tan had
stated that the appellant could, at the time of the offence, realise that what
she was doing was dangerous and could hurt other people. Secondly, under re-
examination, when asked to explain why he had added the word ‘fully’ into the
phrase, ‘she was unable to appreciate the consequences of her action’, he
stated, “[b]ecause of her mental state, she might have realised the
consequences. At the same time, she might not have realised the consequences.”
Taking the two statements together, the effect of Dr Tan’s testimony was that
the appellant could have realised that what she was doing was wrong. The
consequential effect of this testimony was that she was rash. This is in
direct contrast with the part of his testimony where he testified that the
appellant could not have been rash because she did not have control over her
actions at that time. To the extent that there was a discrepancy within Dr
Tan’s testimony, the trial judge was entitled to prefer one part of his
testimony over the other: see _Mohammed Zairi bin Mohamad Mohtar & Anor v PP_
[2002] 1 SLR 344.

35 With the conclusion that there was a part of Dr Tan’s testimony which
supported a finding that the appellant was rash, the trial judge was then
faced with a dichotomy between Dr Tan’s views and Dr Lim’s views. Faced with
two sets of expert evidence, the trial judge was perfectly entitled to choose
one (Dr Tan’s) over the other (Dr Lim’s). This is in line with the principle
from _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ cited in _Saeng-un Udom’s case_ above.

36 Even if the two experts’ evidence were in total agreement, the trial judge
was still entitled to come to his own views if the conclusion he came to can
be supported by the facts and circumstances of the case. In _Sek Kim Wah v PP_
[1987] SLR 107, where the issue revolved around whether the trial judges were
entitled to reject one side’s expert evidence on the issue of abnormality of
mind, the Court of Appeal held at p 111:

[T]he verdict as to abnormality of mind is plainly finding of fact which must
be founded on all the evidence which evidence of course includes medical
opinion. _Even where such medical opinion is unchallenged, the trial judges
would be perfectly entitled to reject or differ from the opinions of the
medical men, if there are other facts on which they could do so._ In such a
case, an appellate court would not, and indeed could not, disturb their
finding (see, for example, _R v Stefan Ivan Kiszko_ (1978) 68 Cr App R 62) – a
fortiori, if such medical opinion is challenged and there is conflicting
medical opinion in addition to other non-medical evidence. [emphasis added]

37 In light of this, I found that the trial judge was entitled to reject the
psychiatrists’ evidence as he did. The remaining issue was whether, based on
the available evidence, the trial judge drew the correct inferences and came
to the correct conclusion that the appellant possessed the requisite mens rea
for the offence. In order to answer that question, it is necessary to first
survey the law on the mens rea of rashness.

_The law on mens rea of rashness_

38 The appellant was charged under the ‘rash’ limb of s 336 of the Penal Code.
Section 336 reads:

Whoever does any act so rashly or negligently as to endanger human life or the
personal safety of others, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term
which may extend to 3 months, or with fine which may extend to $250, or with
both.

39 The definition of ‘rash’ has been dealt with at great length in a number of
local and Indian decisions. In _PP v Teo Poh Leng_ [1992] 1 SLR 15, Rubin JC
(as he then was) drew the distinction between the rashness and negligence for
offences under the Penal Code (and more specifically, in that case, for the
purposes of s 304A of the Penal Code). In doing so, he relied on the following
decisions of the Indian courts. First, in _Nidamarti Nagabhushanam_ (1872) 7
MHC 119, Hollow J held at p 120:

Culpable rashness is acting with the consciousness that the mischievous and
illegal consequences may follow, but with the hope that they will not, and
often with the belief that the actor has taken sufficient precaution to
prevent their happening. _The imputability arises from acting despite the
consciousness_ (luxuria) [emphasis added]

40 Next, in _Empress of India v Idu Beg_ (1881) ILR 3 All 776, Straight J held
at p 780:

Criminal rashness is hazarding a dangerous or wanton act with the knowledge
that it is so, and that it may cause injury, but without intention to cause
injury, or knowledge that it will probably be caused. The criminality lies in
running the risk of doing such an act with recklessness or indifference as to
the consequences.

41 With these principles in mind, I moved on to determine whether the trial
judge drew the correct inferences from the available evidence in coming to his
conclusion that the appellant possessed the requisite mens rea for the
offence.

_The trial judge’s bases for finding that the appellant had the requisite mens
rea_

42 In considering the soundness of the trial judge’s bases for finding against
the appellant, I bore in mind the following principles enunciated by Warren
Khoo J in _Teknikal dan Kejuruteraan Pte Ltd v Resources Development Corp
(Pte) Ltd_ [1994] 3 SLR 743 at 754:

The principles governing the review by an appellate court of findings of fact
of the trial court are well established. […] _The evaluation involves testing
a witness’s evidence against inherent probabilities or against uncontroverted
facts_ , including the conduct of the parties at the relevant time. We are in
this instance in as good a position as the court of first instance, although
we must, where appropriate, give due allowance to the fact that we have not
had the advantage of seeing the witnesses that the trial court had. [emphasis
added]

43 This proposition was cited with approval by the Court of Appeal in _Peh Eng
Leng v Pek Eng Leong_ [1996] 2 SLR 305 at 310. I then considered each of the
bases in detail.

44 I found difficulty in agreeing with each of the three bases for the trial
judge’s decision. The first basis related to the finding that the appellant
retained the ability to realise the consequences of her actions at the
material time because she came to answer the door. In _Adnan bin Khamis v PP_
[1972] 1 MLJ 274, it was held:

[T]he test to be applied for determining the guilt or innocence of an accused
person charged with rash or negligent conduct is to consider whether or not a
reasonable man in the same circumstances would have been aware of the
likelihood of damage or injury to others resulting from such conduct and taken
adequate and proper precautions to avoid causing such damage or injury. _This
test is partly objective and partly subjective_ – objective in the sense that
the situation must be one fraught with potential risk of injury to others or
whatever consequences contemplated in any particular section of the Penal
Code. It is also subjective in that such a situation should have arisen by
reason of some fault on the part of the accused: see _R v Gosney_ [1971] 3 WLR
343 at p 347 per Megaw LJ. [emphasis added]

45 It must be remembered that the test of determining whether the appellant
had the requisite mens rea of rashness is a partly objective and partly
subjective test. While the trial judge was entitled to take into account
objective factors, such as her ability to answer the door, I found that in
doing so, he had overemphasised the objective part of the test at the expense
of neglecting the subjective limb. The fact of her answering the door must be
weighed against the other pieces of evidence. These included, amongst others,
the appellant’s testimony that she had given out $50 notes to strangers
earlier in the day and that she thought she was talking to Mr Lee Kuan Yew
when she was in police custody. (The testimony on this point was not
challenged by the prosecution.) The chain of events before and after the
throwing incident showed that on balance, the appellant had a disturbed mind
on the day of the incident. As such, I found that the trial judge was too
hasty when he concluded that the appellant was in control of her senses simply
because she answered the door.

46 Secondly, the trial judge held that the case had been proven beyond
reasonable doubt based on Eugene’s testimony. The trial judge placed emphasis
on the fact that the appellant continued throwing the items after Eugene had
told her not to throw the things. I found that Eugene’s testimony was, at
best, equivocal. It must be remembered that Eugene also testified that the
appellant was constantly shouting, before and after he spoke to her, even
though there was nobody in the apartment with her. He also observed that she
appeared agitated and spoke very fast. More importantly, in his lay opinion,
Eugene testified that he thought there was ‘something wrong’ with the
appellant when he spoke to her. These statements put together made it
difficult for me to agree with the trial judge that the prosecution’s case had
been proven beyond reasonable doubt based on Eugene’s testimony alone.

47 Thirdly, the trial judge drew certain adverse inferences against the
appellant for failing to divulge her hallucinations to the psychiatrists and
for failing to call on certain witnesses to give testimony on her behalf.
Counsel for the appellant argued that the trial judge had erred in drawing
adverse inferences against her for failing to divulge her hallucinations to
the psychiatrists. I agreed with counsel on this point. It must be remembered
that in the course of the trial below, not one, but two psychiatrists
testified that hallucination was not important for the diagnosis of the
hypomaniac condition. Therefore, I found that the failure to mention her
hallucinations to the psychiatrists was neither here nor there.

48 Further, the trial judge also drew adverse inferences against the appellant
for failing to call certain witnesses, viz, the two friends who she claimed
were with her and her neighbour, Mrs Wong. Again, I found that the failure to
call these witnesses was neither here nor there. The material question for
this case was the appellant’s mens rea at the time of the incident. The
psychiatrists and the complainant, Eugene, had provided both expert and lay
opinion on this point. As such, I doubt whether these other witnesses would
have been able to provide any testimony which would assist the judicial
decision-making process. In any case, counsel rightly pointed out that one of
her friends, one Tan Peck Liang Julie, was on the prosecution’s list of
witnesses. If the prosecution had chosen not to call on this witness, I failed
to see how an adverse inference could be drawn against the appellant for
failing to call this witness.

_The proper inference to be drawn from the available evidence_

49 While I did not agree with the trial judge for the bases for his
conclusion, I was of the opinion that the conviction could be upheld. There
was one critical piece of evidence which the trial judge omitted to make
reference to in his Grounds of Decision. This came from the appellant’s own
testimony in the trial below. Under examination-in-chief, the appellant stated
that she had thrown the items down ‘to show Mrs Wong that [she] was helpless
at that time’. (The full passage had been cited earlier in paragraph 11
above.) I found this piece of testimony from the appellant to be material in
showing that the appellant was conscious of her actions at the time of the
incident. Contrary to her claims under cross-examination that she could not
remember, or that she was hallucinating that she was her younger sister, this
unequivocal passage demonstrated that the appellant remembered throwing the
items to prove a point to Mrs Wong who had upset her by attempting to
evangelize her. Testing her testimony against the inherent probabilities and
uncontroverted facts, I found that the appellant had thrown the items out of
frustration and anger at Mrs Wong. This proved that she threw the items in
spite of her consciousness.

50 Further, Dr Tan had testified that the appellant could have realised the
dangerous consequences of her actions. Taking this together with her own
admission, I found that the case against the appellant had been proven beyond
reasonable doubt. Thus, even though I did not agree with the reasoning of the
trial judge, I found that his conclusion that the appellant possessed the
requisite mens rea could nevertheless be supported.

51 In addition, the prosecution raised a valid argument which I took into
account when I dismissed the appeal against conviction. The prosecution
rightly pointed out that, while the appellant was suffering from a known
medical condition at the time of the incident, for which she was hospitalised
at the IMH for nine days, the state of the law is such that her medical
condition was not one which the law recognised as a general defence. Under the
Penal Code, there is no general defence apart from ‘unsoundness of mind’.
(Diminished responsibility is a partial defence applicable only in cases of
murder.) If an accused person suffering from a mental condition is charged
with an offence other than that of murder under the Penal Code, the law does
not exonerate him on account of his mental condition, serious though it may
be. This is so unless he is certified to be of unsound mind and unfit to stand
trial. The question of whether he possessed the requisite mens rea for the
offence in spite of the mental condition then became a question of fact to be
determined by the trial judge.

52 In the present case, Dr Tan had testified that the appellant was of sound
mind at the time of the incident. Being of sound mind, I agreed with the
prosecution that the appellant could not be excused under the law even though
she was belabouring under a confused mind at that time. For the reasons above,
I found as a question of fact that the appellant did have the requisite mens
rea of rashness. In short, the appellant’s mind was disturbed at the time of
the incident, but that was not sufficient to exonerate her in the eyes of the
law. Consequently, I dismissed the appeal against conviction.

**The appeal against sentence**

53 Under s 336 of the Penal Code, a convicted person may be sentenced to three
months’ imprisonment and/or a fine of $250. I had two observations about the
wording of this provision. First, s 336 of the Penal Code gives a sentencing
judge a discretion to mete out either an imprisonment term of up to three
months or a fine of $250 or both. This is regardless of whether the mens rea
was one of rashness or negligence. The statute does not limit the court’s
discretion by stating that an imprisonment term is necessary if the accused
person is convicted on the ‘rash’ limb of s 336. A custodial sentence has been
generally imposed for convictions under the ‘rash’ limb: see, for example,
_Saku Alwudeen Fathima v PP_ (MA 109/93/01) and _Parameswari d/o Vaithianathan
v PP_ (MA 162/97/01). In the former case, the appellant, during a dispute with
her husband, threw out two speakers from the 11th floor which were aimed at
her husband, but missed. However, there are also cases where the convicted
person was sentenced to an imprisonment term even though the mens rea for the
charge was ‘negligence’: see _Chua Kim Hua v PP_ (MA 344 of 2000).

54 Secondly, I noted that the maximum fine of $250 under s 336 has not been
reviewed since the last time this provision was amended on 31 October 1952:
see Ordinance No. 37 of 1952. In that amendment, the maximum fine under s 336
of the Penal Code was increased from $125 to $250. In _Ngian Chin Boon v PP_
[1999] 1 SLR 119, I made the following observation about the maximum fine
limit under s 336 of the Penal Code:

The maximum quantum of the fine under s 336 was legislated by Parliament. If
it is thought that this amount is too low to have any deterrent effect in
today’s circumstances, the proper solution would be to have Parliament enact
legislation increasing the amount of fine which may be imposed, and not to
impose a custodial sentence instead on the accused.

55 It is unfortunate that the upper limit of fines under this provision has
not been amended since my decision in _Ngian Chin Boon v PP_. It is timely for
the maximum fine under s 336 of the Penal Code to be reviewed in order to
bring it in line with the value of money in this day and age. With these
observations in mind, I examined the arguments raised by counsel and the
prosecution on the appeal against sentence.

56 Counsel for the appellant submitted that the sentence of two months’
imprisonment imposed by the trial judge was unduly harsh and manifestly
excessive in light of the very special and unique facts of this case. On the
other hand, the prosecution contended that the sentence of two months’
imprisonment was not manifestly excessive bearing in mind that the appellant
threw down 25 items from her apartment on the seventh floor.

57 The starting point for the consideration of the appropriate sentence in
this case ought to be the fact that the appellant was belabouring under a
serious psychiatric condition at the time of the incident. In _Sentencing
Practice in the Subordinate Courts (2 nd edition)_ (2003), the learned authors
opined that the existence of a mental disorder is always a relevant factor in
the sentencing process. The learned authors also cited, at p 93, the following
approach suggested in the case of _R v Wiskich_ [2000] SASC 64 (a decision of
the Supreme Court of South Australia delivered by Martin J) at paragraph 62:

An assessment of the disorder is required. A sentencing court must determine
the impact of the disorder upon both the offender’s thought processes and the
capacity of the offender to appreciate the gravity and significance of the
criminal conduct. _It is not difficult to understand that the element of
general deterrence can readily be given considerably less weight in the case
of an offender suffering from a significant mental disorder who commits a
minor crime, particularly if a causal relationship exists between the mental
disorder and the commission of such an offence_. In some circumstances,
however, the mental disorder may not be serious or causally related to the
commission of the crime, and the circumstances of the crime so grave, that
very little weight in mitigation can be given to the existence of the mental
disorder and full weight must be afforded to the element of general
deterrence. In between those extremes, an infinite variety of circumstances
will arise in which competing considerations must be balanced. [emphasis
added]

58 The prosecution sought to impress upon me the strong public interest
element to curb ‘killer litter’ cases and a need for a custodial sentence to
deter such cases. I commend the prosecution for its efforts. However, I found
that (as Martin J rightly pointed out) the element of general deterrence can
and should be given considerably less weight if the offender was suffering
from a mental disorder at the time of the commission of the offence. This is
particularly so if there is a causal link between the mental disorder and the
commission of the offence. In addition to the need for a causal link, other
factors such as the seriousness of the mental condition, the likelihood of the
appellant repeating the offence and the severity of the crime, are factors
which have to be taken into account by the sentencing judge. In my view,
general deterrence will not be enhanced by meting out an imprisonment term to
a patient suffering from a serious mental disorder which led to the commission
of the offence.

59 I was also persuaded by counsel for the appellant that this was a unique
case. The following facts bore repeating to show why the peculiar facts of
this case warranted a departure from the norm. Not one, but two psychiatrists
of sufficient standing opined that the appellant was suffering from hypomania
at the time of the incident. One of these psychiatrists, Dr Tan, was in fact
the prosecution witness. He opined that the appellant had been mentally unwell
for a few weeks prior to the incident. In the same letter, Dr Tan stated that
“ _[s]ince the acts were related to her mental state_ , she is unlikely to
commit the same acts again if she continues treatment and follow-up” [emphasis
added].

60 Also, the symptoms of hypomania, namely pressure of speech (i.e. talking
very quickly) and agitation were demonstrated and witnessed by Eugene at the
time of the incident. Further, after her arrest, she was hospitalised for nine
days at the IMH where she received treatment for her hypomania. Finally, Dr
Tan opined in the third letter that her condition had developed into one of
depression. He opined that, if she is imprisoned, her depression may worsen.

61 I was persuaded by the objectivity of Dr Tan. These were not the opinions
of an expert whom the appellant had consulted in an attempt to appeal for a
lighter sentence. These were views of an independent physician called upon to
be a witness for the prosecution. I found that the opinion of Dr Tan warranted
the court to place significant weight on it. I also took into account the fact
that since February 2002, the appellant had gone through a 16-month ordeal
leading up to this appeal, which both psychiatrists opined, had had an adverse
impact on her mental health.

62 The trial judge raised a series of cases to demonstrate why a custodial
sentence was necessary in this case. The starting point has always been that
sentencing precedents only offer guidelines to the sentencing judge. In my
judgment in _Soong Hee Sin v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 253, I stated at p 258:

in my view, the regime of sentencing is a matter of law which involves a
hotchpotch of such varied and manifold factors that no two cases can ever be
completely identical in this regard. While past cases are no doubt helpful and
sometimes serve as critical guidelines for the sentencing court, that is also
all that they are, ie, mere guidelines only. […] At the end of the day, every
case which comes before the courts must be looked at on its own facts, each
particular accused in his own circumstances […].

63 Of the precedents cited by the trial judge, all but one case could be
distinguished on the ground that the offender in each of those cases was not
suffering from a mental disorder at the time of the offence. The only case
which appeared to have facts similar to the present case was _PP v Lee Sai
Leng Christina_ (DAC 3555 of 2000) (reported in _Sentencing Practice in the
Subordinate Courts (2 nd Edition)_ at p 186). In that case, the accused person
threw down a total of 16 items from her ninth-storey flat. She was later
diagnosed as suffering from schizophrenia. She pleaded guilty to the charge
under the ‘rash’ limb of s 336 of the Penal Code and was sentenced to two
months’ imprisonment. The trial judge (a magistrate) took into account the
mitigating factors but found that it was a serious offence for which a short
custodial sentence was necessary.

64 I was not bound to follow the sentence in that case. While I recognised
that consistency in sentencing is a desirable goal, it is not an inflexible or
overriding principle: see _Lim Poh Tee v PP_ [2001] 1 SLR 674 at 681. It must
be remembered that the sentences in similar cases may have been either too
high or too low: see _PP v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_ [1999] 1 SLR 138 at para 26
and _Yong Siew Soon v PP_ [1992] 2 SLR 933 at p 936. In any event, I found
that the special facts of the present case warranted a departure from the
sentence meted out in _PP v Lee Sai Leng Christina_. Here, Dr Tan, a
prosecution witness, found that the appellant’s condition would worsen if she
were to be imprisoned. I perused the case file of _PP v Lee Sai Leng
Christina_ and found that the psychiatrist for the prosecution in that case
did not make a similar finding.

65 Bearing in mind that this was a sad case with special facts, I found that
the sentence of two months’ imprisonment was manifestly excessive. In coming
to that conclusion, I was mindful of the fact that a sentencing court is
entitled to the full range of punishment prescribed under s 336 of the Penal
Code. While a custodial sentence is the norm for persons convicted under the
‘rash’ limb of that section, I found that due to the unique facts of this
case, the aims of general deterrence would not be met by meting out a
custodial sentence to the appellant. Consequently, I set aside the
imprisonment term and substituted it with a maximum fine of $250 instead.

66 As a concluding note, I would add that this decision does not stand for the
proposition that _all_ persons with disturbed minds at the time of the
commission of an offence under s 336 of the Penal Code are to be excused from
a custodial sentence. While a discretion exists under s 336 to mete out either
a custodial sentence or a fine (or both) regardless of the mens rea, the
sentencing judge has to exercise that discretion by considering all the facts
and circumstances of each case. These include the seriousness of the mental
condition, whether the accused person is likely to repeat the offence and the
available evidence from the psychiatrists (particularly the psychiatrist for
the prosecution).

Appeal against conviction dismissed; appeal against sentence allowed in part.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Aug 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

