Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Afro Asia Shipping Co (Pte) Ltd v Haridass Ho & Partners and Another  
[2003] SGHC 21

Case Number | : | Suit 807/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 February 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Kenneth Tan SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) for the plaintiffs; Haridass Ajaib (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the first defendants; Chan Kia Pheng (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the second defendants   
Parties | : |  Afro Asia Shipping Co (Pte) Ltd — Haridass Ho & Partners; UOB Kay Hian Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Striking out – Dispute over interpretation of consent order
– Consent order containing liberty to apply provision  
  
Civil Procedure – Striking out – Plaintiffs initiating fresh action – Whether
plaintiffs' claim disclose no reasonable cause of action, frivolous or
vexatious, or abuse of process – Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) O
18 r 19(1)  
  

These proceedings were the subject of an appeal in Registrar's Appeal No. 216
of 2002 (the Appeal) and on my dismissal of the same, are now the subject of a
notice of appeal filed in Civil Appeal No. 140 of 2002 by the plaintiffs.

**The facts**

1\. Afro-Asia Shipping Company (Pte) Ltd (the plaintiffs) are a local company
and are the owners of a building situated along Robinson Road called Afro-Asia
Building (the Building). Haridass Ho & Partners (the first defendants) are a
firm of Singapore solicitors who, at the material time, acted for members of
the Bajumi family (the Bajumis), who are shareholders in the plaintiffs
together with members of the Tan family (the Tans). The respective patriarchs
(fathers) of the two (2) families had founded the plaintiffs back in 1961, as
equal shareholders. UOB Kay Hian Pte Ltd (the second defendants) are a local
securities company. The Bajumis sued the plaintiffs (and the Tans) in OS No.
727 of 1996 (the OS) and instituted proceedings against the same parties under
s 216 of the Companies Act, in Companies Winding Up No. 162 of 1996, relating
to assets owned by the plaintiffs; these assets included the Building, a
rubber plantation in Indonesia and a block (17.4 million) of shares in a
Singapore public company called Ssangyong Cement (Singapore) Limited.
(Hereinafter the public company and the shares will be referred to as
Ssangyong Cement and Ssangyong shares respectively). Both proceedings which
were consolidated by Order of Court dated 16 September 1996 came on for
hearing before Choo JC on 9 May 2001. By then, the two warring families had
come to a settlement which essentially allowed the Bajumis to retain the
Indonesian assets while the Tans would take over the Singapore assets. Choo
JC's task was to determine the value of the assets (3) based on valuation
reports tendered by the parties. The valuations he made resulted in appeals
being filed in Civil Appeals No. 600066 and 600067 of 2001 respectively by the
Bajumis and the Tans.

2\. On 18 March 2002, the Court of Appeal made inter alia, the following
consent orders (the First Order of Court):-

(1) the Judgement dated 9 May 2001 be reversed and set aside;

(2) the three (3) principal assets namely, the Building, the Ssangyong shares
and rubber plantation be sold forthwith;

(3) the parties agree that the sale of the assets in Singapore, namely, the
Building and the Ssangyong shares be conducted by reputable and qualified
professionals in Singapore;

(4) in respect of the Ssangyong shares, if either or both parties wish, their
proportionate percentage (ie 50%) of the Ssangyong shares may be deposited
with their respective solicitors, without the same being sold;

(i) the parties' respective solicitors, save that they be entitled to register
the same in their names or name of a nominee company, undertake not to sell or
deal with the respective Ssangyong shares held with them, until time for
distribution for the same or until further order;

(ii) the respective block of Ssangyong shares will only be distributed to the
parties by their respective solicitors at the same time as the proceeds of
sale of the remaining assets are distributed or until further order.

(5) there be liberty to apply.

3\. On an application made by the Bajumis under the liberty to apply provision
in item (5) above, the Court of Appeal (inter alia) made the following
additional orders on 22 July 2002 (the Second Order of Court):-

(1) the dividends on the 8.7 million Ssangyong shares registered in the name
of UOB Kay Hian Private Limited, acting as agents for the solicitors of the
Bajumis, are to be paid to UOB Kay Hian Private Limited's Sub-account no.
2051-1707-2536 and dealt with as provided for in para 4(ii) of the first
order;

(2) nothing in the first order, nor in this order, shall be taken to have
determined what the area of the rubber plantation should have been under any
prior contractual arrangements between the Tans and the Bajumis.

4\. Before the Bajumis obtained the Second Order of Court, the plaintiffs
commenced this suit (on 9 July 2002). I should point out that the application
of the Bajumis was filed on 27 June 2002. In the statement of claim, the
plaintiffs alleged that the first defendants had agreed to hold 8.7 million
Ssangyong shares on trust. They further alleged that the first defendants had
furnished written assurances and undertakings to the plaintiffs agreeing to
hold the shares on trust. It was alleged that the plaintiffs had prepared and
signed documents (which included a Form to the Central Depository Pte Ltd
[CDP]) to the effect that the deposit of shares placed with the first
defendants reflected such an arrangement. The plaintiffs had then handed the
Form to the CDP on 16 April 2002. Between 16 and 18 April 2002, the plaintiffs
discovered from the CDP that the Form was altered to reflect the first
defendants as beneficial owners of the 8.7 million Ssangyong shares. Through
the second defendants, the first defendants had taken the position they were
entitled to the dividends on those Ssangyong shares and claimed on Ssangyong
Cement accordingly in Suit No. S742 of 2002/H. On 29 July 2002, the Assistant
Registrar ordered the second defendants to amend their statement of claim in
Suit No. S742 of 2002/H to plead, the basis on which they claimed to become
the registered owner of the 8.7 million Ssangyong shares and, the capacity in
which they held those shares. On 11 October 2002, the Assistant Registrar
ordered Ssangyong Cement to pay interest on the dividend ($508,950) declared
on 8.7 million Ssangyong shares at 1.5% per annum, from the date of the writ
(in Suit No. S742 of 2002/H) and that the dividend be paid into the second
defendants' CDP sub-account as per the Second Order of Court.

5\. In this suit, the plaintiffs claimed inter alia, a declaration that both
defendants held the 8.7 million Ssangyong shares on trust for the plaintiffs
who remained the beneficial owners and are beneficially entitled to all the
rights thereon. A further declaration was sought that the altered Form was
null and void and of no effect.

**The application**

6\. On 1 August 2002, the first defendants applied vide summons-in chambers
entered no. 2781 (the application) to strike out the plaintiffs' statement of
claim against both defendants, pursuant to O 18 r 19(1)(a) or rule 19(1)(b) or
rule 19(1)(d) of the Rules of Court, on the ground that the action herein
discloses no reasonable cause of action, or is scandalous, frivolous or
vexatious, and or is an abuse of the process of court.

7\. An affidavit was filed by a partner (Randhir Ram Chandra [RRC]) of the
first defendants in support of the application. RRC revealed that the Tans
(who effectively control the plaintiffs) did not agree with the literal
interpretation of the First Order of Court namely, that the parties'
proportionate percentage (50%) of the Ssangyong shares may be deposited with
their solicitors without the same being sold. The plaintiffs persuaded
Ssangyong Cement to withhold payment from the second defendants of the
dividend declared on the 8.7 million Ssangyong shares and pay it instead to
the plaintiffs. It was for that reason that the Bajumis applied to the Court
of Appeal and obtained the Second Order of Court. It was equally clear
therefrom that the beneficial ownership of the 8.7 million Ssangyong shares
was vested in the Bajumis. Consequently, RRC deposed, the plaintiffs' claim
was untenable on a plain reading of both Orders of Court.

8\. The plaintiffs countered the application by filing summons-in-chambers
entered no. 2916 of 2002 (the O 14 application) on 8 August 2002 for summary
judgment against both defendants. On their part, they filed two (2) affidavits
by their directors Tan Chin Hoon and Tan Yok Koon, in support of the O 14
application and also to oppose the application. Basically, the two (2)
affidavits repeated the assertions stated in the statement of claim.

9\. The application was granted an order in terms by the Assistant Registrar
on 23 August 2002 against whose decision the plaintiffs filed the Appeal.

**The Appeal**

10\. At the hearing of the Appeal, counsel for the plaintiffs submitted that
there was no basis for the court below to strike out the plaintiffs' claim for
a declaration that the plaintiffs remained the beneficial owners of the 8.7
million Ssangyong shares and retained the rights thereon. He pointed out that
by the First Order of Court, it was clearly contemplated that the three (3)
assets of the plaintiffs (including the 17.4 million Ssangyong shares) would
not change ownership, until the sale proceeds therefrom had been distributed.
As such, the first defendants' argument that there had already been a division
of the assets of the plaintiffs was plainly wrong. The 8.7 million Ssangyong
shares can only be distributed at the same time as the proceeds of sale of the
other two (2) assets (or until further order); pending distribution, those
shares were deposited with the first defendants as a comfort that the
plaintiffs would not sell or otherwise deal with them. This position was in no
way affected by the Second Order of Court.

11\. Reliance was placed on s 130D(1) of the Companies Act Cap 50 by the
plaintiffs – alteration of the Form so that the first defendants were the
named persons in the CDP register meant that they were deemed to be members of
Ssangyong Cement. Section 195(4) of the same Act states that no trust is
recognised which meant that dividends would be paid to the party appearing in
the register of the CDP and not to the beneficial owners (the plaintiffs) of
the Ssangyong shares.

12\. Another argument put forward by the plaintiffs was, that the lodging of
the Form with the CDP (presumably by the second defendants as agents of the
first defendants) misrepresented the position – stating that the first
defendants are beneficial owners of the 8.7 milllion Ssangyong shares flies in
the face of the Orders of Court of the Court of Appeal and the first
defendants' own representation to the plaintiffs, that they would hold those
shares on trust. The plaintiffs have a good cause of action against the first
defendants for misrepresentation, although a good cause of action is not a
precondition to obtaining a declaration.

13\. The plaintiffs contended that the CDP form with the misrepresentation was
no basis for the payment of the dividend. Payment was made pursuant to the
Second Order of Court. A fresh CDP Form/an amended Form should be filed to
reflect the correct position.

14\. Lastly, the plaintiffs submitted, the Appeal concerned the striking out
of the entire writ of summons/statement of claim. It is settled law that such
a drastic measure should only be taken in plain and obvious cases. It was
premature to strike out the writ of summons/statement of claim at this stage,
given the complex issues. It cannot be said that the plaintiffs do not have an
arguable case that they own the 8.7 million Ssangyong shares in dispute.

15\. On their part, counsel for both defendants submitted that it was not for
this or any other court but, the Court of Appeal, to determine the issue of
who retained the beneficial interest in the 8.7 million Ssangyong shares.
Essentially, the plaintiffs were asking for an interpretation of the two (2)
Orders made by the Court of Appeal which was outside the purview of any court
other than the appellate court; they should have gone back to the Court of
Appeal for further directions, under the liberty to apply provision in the
First Order of Court. It was not a question of granting the plaintiffs leave
to amend the statement of claim to cure whatever shortcomings existed in their
pleaded case. There was also a suggestion by counsel for the second defendants
that the plaintiffs had a collateral purpose in instituting this suit; it was
a retaliative strike against the second defendants for claiming (in Suit No.
S742 of 2002/H) the dividend declared on the 8.7 million Ssangyong shares,
which the plaintiffs considered their entitlement.

**The decision**

16\. I rejected the plaintiffs' arguments, dismissed the Appeal and upheld the
decision of the court below, for reasons which I shall now set out.

17\. Order 18 r 19(1) of the Rules of Court relied on for the application read
as follows:

The Court may at any stage of the proceedings order to be struck out or
amended any pleading or the endorsement of any writ in the action, or anything
in any pleading or in the endorsement, on the ground that –

(a) it discloses no reasonable cause of action or defence, as the case may be;

(b) it is scandalous, frivolous or vexatious;

(c) …………

(d) it is otherwise an abuse of the process of the Court,

and may order the action to be stayed or dismissed or judgment to be entered
accordingly, as the case may be.

18\. Pursuant to O 18 r 19(2), no evidence/affidavit is admissible on an
application made under O 18 r 19(1)(a), as it solely relates to issues of law
(see Pinsler's _Singapore Court Practice 1999_ at p 899). For an application
to succeed under O 18 r 19(1)(a), it must be patently clear on the face of the
pleading or endorsement that there is no reasonable cause of action or
defence. The Court of Appeal in _Gabriel Peter & Partners v Wee Chong Jin &
Ors_ [1998] 1 SLR 374 (at p 384 para 21) stated:

The guiding principle in determining 'what a reasonable cause of action' is
under O 18 r 19(1)(a) was succinctly pronounced by Lord Pearson in _Drummond-
Jackson v_ British Medical Association [1970] 1 All ER 1094. A reasonable
cause of action, according to his lordship, connotes a cause of action which
has some chance of success when only the allegations in the pleading are
considered. As long as the statement of claim discloses some cause of action,
or raises some question fit to be decided at the trial, the mere fact that the
case is weak and is not likely to succeed is no ground for striking it out.
Where a statement of claim is defective only in not containing particulars to
which the defendant is entitled, the application should be made for
particulars under O 18 r 12 and not for an order to strike out the statement.

Applying the above principle to the statement of claim, it seemed to me that
the plaintiffs did not have any arguable case, however weak. The pleadings did
not disclose some question to be tried, it related to an order of court
already made which needed to be clarified.

19\. I turn now to the affidavit of RRC, for the remaining limbs of the
application made under O 18 rr 19(1)(b) and (c) of the Rules of Court. The
deponent had pointed out that in registering the 8.7 million Ssangyong shares
in the law firm's name, the first defendants as solicitors for the Bajumis
were merely carrying out the letter and spirit of the First Order of Court as
set out in para 2(4) above. The First Order of Court clearly intended that
there should be a _division_ of the assets of the plaintiffs between the
Bajumis and the Tans, although sale was not permitted. Having opted to take
their 50% portion of the Ssangyong shares, the Bajumis became the
beneficiaries of those shares notwithstanding the fact that the block was
registered in the name of their solicitors, under the CDP sub-account of the
second defendants. Consequently, para 20 of the statement of claim which
reads:

In claiming title as beneficial owners inconsistent with the CA [Court of
Appeal] Order [dated 18 March 2002] and the said representations which reflect
the true arrangements, the defendants have wrongfully converted the said
shares for their own use and have dealt with it in a manner inconsistent with
the trust arrangements.

was untenable.

20\. It was not disputed that the proceedings herein arose out of the First
Order of Court made by the appellate court. It was also common ground that the
Court of Appeal gave the parties liberty to apply therein, recognising that
further directions may be required from time to time in the implementation of
the orders made, relating to the division/sale of the assets. As such, there
was no reason for the plaintiffs to have started proceedings afresh relating
to any matters which had been decided or, were under the purview of the
appellate court. Even if the plaintiffs (as they did) disagreed with the first
defendants' interpretation of the First Order of Court, I was of the view that
their recourse was not to commence these proceedings but, to seek the
appellate court's ruling on whose interpretation was correct; this they failed
to do. Once the Bajumis had sought and obtained from the Court of Appeal, the
ruling encompassed in the Second Order of Court, these proceedings were no
longer sustainable and should have been discontinued.

21\. I was/am fully aware of the well established principle that a court will
not readily accede to an application to strike out an endorsement or pleading
unless, there is a very clear case for making out one of the grounds. The
reluctance of courts to strike out claims summarily was explained in _Tan Eng
Khiam v Ultra Realty Pte Ltd_ [1991] SLR 798 where Selvam JC (as he then was)
said (at p 803):

This is anchored on the judicial policy to afford a litigant the right to
institute a bona fide claim before the courts and to prosecute it in the usual
way. Whenever possible the courts will let the plaintiff proceed with the
action unless his case is wholly and clearly unarguable.

or, put in another way, a plaintiff is not to be 'driven from the judgment
seat' (per Fletcher-Moulton LJ in _Dyson v Attorney-General_ [1911] 1 KB 410
at p 419). The above principle has also been restated more than once by the
Court of Appeal (see _Tan Soo Leng David v Wee, Satku & Kumar Pte Ltd_ [1994]
3 SLR 481).

22\. The words 'frivolous or vexatious' in O 18 r 19(1)(b) of the Rules of
Court have been defined to mean cases which are obviously unsustainable or
wrong, the words connote purposelessness in relation to the process or a lack
of seriousness or truth and a lack of bona fides (see Pinsler's _Supreme Court
Practice_ 1999 [_supra_] at pp 915 and 916), 'not calculated to lead to any
practical result' (_Goh Koon Suan v Heng Gek Kiau & Ors_ [1991] 2 MLJ 307 per
Yong Pung How CJ at p 311).

23\. To allow the plaintiffs to continue their action would also amount to 'an
abuse of the process of the Court' under O 18 R 19(1)(d). The phrase was
explained in _Gabriel Peter & Partners v Wee Chong Jin_ _& Ors_ (supra) at p
384 para 22 as follows:

….It includes considerations of public policy and the interest of justice.
This term signifies that the process of the court must be used bona fide and
properly and must not be abused. The court will prevent the improper use of
its machinery. It will prevent the judicial process from being used as a means
of vexation and oppression in the process of litigation. The categories of
conduct rendering a claim frivolous, vexatious or an abuse of process are not
closed and will depend on all the relevant circumstances of the case. A type
of conduct which has been judicially acknowledged as an abuse of process is
the bringing of an action for a collateral purpose, as was raised by the
respondents. In _Lornho v Fayed_ (No. 5) [1993] 1 WLR 1489, Stuart-Smith LJ
stated that, if an action was not brought bona fide for the purpose of
obtaining relief but for some other ulterior or collateral purpose, it might
be struck out as an abuse of the process of the court.

24\. In the course of presenting his arguments for the Appeal, counsel for the
plaintiffs agreed that it was open to his clients to go back to the Court of
Appeal. That statement completely undermined the plaintiffs' position.
Implicit in that concession was an admission that these proceedings need not,
indeed I would say should not, have been commenced.

25\. I was of the view that all the well established principles for striking
out actions/pleadings had been made out in this case. Accordingly, I dismissed
the Appeal with costs to both defendants.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Feb 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

