Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tokuhon (Private) Limited v Seow Kang Hong and Others  
[2003] SGHC 121

Case Number | : | Suit 1499/2001, SIC 1924/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 May 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Shanmugam SC (Martin & Partners) for the plaintiffs; R E Martin (Martin & Partners) for the plaintiffs; Indranee Rajah SC (Wong M Seow & JYP Chia) for the defendants; Teh Ee-Von (Wong M Seow & JYP Chia) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Tokuhon (Private) Limited — Seow Kang Hong; Wong Kah Joo; Gamma 2000 (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Stay of execution pending appeal –
Whether successful party entitled to costs of trial or whether payment of
costs to be stayed together with other forms of execution pending appeal  
  

1 The plaintiffs’ suit against the defendants was dismissed by me with costs
on 25 March 2003 after a trial lasting many days. The action concerned the
sole distributorship rights to a brand of analgesic plasters known as Tokuhon.
Three companies respectively known as Nan Tat & Co (‘Nan Tat’), Continental
Trading Co (‘Continental’) and Weng Seng Heng Medical Hall (‘Weng Seng Heng’)
were separately importing and selling Tokuhon products since the 1950s. The
three companies were run by three individuals namely Thong Giok Sin from
Continental, Chang Chiow Hee from Nan Tat and Ooi Choon Sian from Weng Seng
Heng.

2 At the suggestion and prodding of Tokuhon Corporation of Japan, the
plaintiffs were incorporated in 1962 after the patriarchs of the three
companies decided to put together a joint outfit. It was agreed amongst the
three families that each family was to be represented on the plaintiffs’ board
by one director.

3 For the period from 1989 to 1999, the directors of the plaintiffs were Dr
Chang Jin Aye (‘Dr Chang’) from Nan Tat; Ooi Choon Sian (‘Ooi’) from Weng Seng
Heng, his alternate being his brother Ng Choon Heng (‘Ng’); and Dr Seow Kang
Hong (‘Dr Seow’) from Continental, his alternate being Dr Seow’s wife Mdm Wong
Kah Joo (‘Mrs Seow’). Mrs Seow was appointed a director, her alternate being
her husband, on 2 April 1998. This appointment continued until 28 May 1998
when both Dr Seow and Mrs Seow became directors in their own right without
being alternate to each other. Dr and Mrs Seow were the first and second
defendants to this action respectively.

4 The distributorship agreement held by the plaintiffs was terminated by
Tokuhon’s authorised representatives China Merchant Import and Export Co Ltd
of Hong Kong (‘China Merchants’) on or about 15 May 2000. At the plaintiffs’
Annual General Meeting of 6 June 2000, Dr Seow was not re-elected to the board
and as a result of his non-election, Mrs Seow resigned from the board on the
same day. Dr and Mrs Seow eventually sold their shares to Dr Chang and Ng on
or about 21 February 2001.

5 The action by the plaintiffs against the first two defendants was for an
alleged breach of fiduciary duties as directors. The plaintiffs alleged that
it was through the acts of the first two defendants (viz, a series of letters
written by Mrs Seow to China Merchants making false allegations about the
company) that caused the loss of the distributorship agreement. Further, they
alleged that the first two defendants had procured the said distributorship
for themselves through the third defendants (a company incorporated by the
first two defendants on 4 February 2000 with a view to sell cosmetics and
beauty products initially) without disclosure to the plaintiffs.

6 The defendants alleged that Dr Seow had no role in bringing about the
termination of the plaintiffs’ Tokuhon distributorship. Further, they alleged
that the loss of distributorship was not caused by the actions of Mrs Seow,
but rather, by the actions of Dr Chang and Ng. They alleged that Dr Chang and
Ng were themselves in breach of fiduciary duties as directors because they
had, amongst other things, made trips to Japan to present sale and marketing
strategies in an effort to wrestle the distributorship agreements for their
respective companies. They also claimed that while the third defendants did
enter into a distributorship agreement with China Merchants, they were not the
beneficial owners of the third defendants.

7 In the end, the plaintiffs failed before me as I held that the defendants
could not be held responsible for the loss of the plaintiffs’ distributorship
rights. The facts and my reasons for dismissing the plaintiffs’ claim are
fully set out in a written judgment [2003] SGHC 65 delivered by me on 25 March
2003. The plaintiffs have since appealed against my decision and the appeal I
am told is scheduled for hearing sometime in August this year.

8 Following dismissal of the plaintiffs’ claim, the defendants taxed their
bill of costs and were awarded an amount of $259,750 in their favour. The said
costs have yet to be paid by the plaintiffs to the defendants. In the result,
the defendants issued a statutory notice under section 254(4) of the Companies
Act (Cap 50) and since then followed up with a winding-up petition against the
plaintiffs.

9 The plaintiffs then applied to the court for a stay of execution by the
defendants until the plaintiffs’ appeal is heard and disposed by the Court of
Appeal. When the matter came up for hearing before me first on 16 April 2003,
I granted the stay requested as I was of the view that the winding-up of the
plaintiffs, if proceeded with, might render the appeal nugatory. The
defendants subsequently applied for further arguments stating this time that
they would be amenable to a stay in relation to the winding-up but stay as
respects other forms of execution would expose them to peril since the
plaintiffs whilst expending their resources to finance their further
proceedings in this matter, were noticeably unwilling to pay even a portion of
the costs ordered against them.

10 The current principles applicable to stay of execution pending appeal are
set out by Staughton LJ in _Linotype-Hell Finance Ltd v Baker_ [1992] 4 All ER
887 at 888 as follows:

In _The Supreme Court Practice_ 1991 vol 1, para 59/13/1 there are a large
number of nineteenth century cases cited as to when there should be a stay of
execution pending an appeal. At a brief glance they do not seem to me to
reflect the current practice in this court; and I would have thought it was
much to be desired that all the nineteenth century cases should be put on one
side and that one should concentrate on the current practice. It seems to me
that, if a defendant can say that without a stay of execution he will be
ruined and that he has an appeal which has some prospect of success, that is a
legitimate ground for granting a stay of execution. The passage quoted in _The
Supreme Court Practice_ from _Atkins v Great Western Rly Co_ (1886) 2 TLR 400,
‘As a general rule the only ground for a stay of execution is an affidavit
showing that if the damages and costs were paid there is no reasonable
probability of getting them back if the appeal succeeds’, seems to be far too
stringent a test today.

11 In _United Malayan Banking Corporation Bhd v Lim Kang & Anor_ (Suit No 93
of 1998 – unreported), Prakash J, after making reference to the views
expressed by Staughton LJ (_supra_), granted a stay pending appeal to a
defendant-applicant on condition that he paid the plaintiffs’ taxed costs and
interests at the rate of 8% per annum on the judgment sum.

12 I fully subscribe to the approach adopted in the cases cited. I would
hasten to add however, that the discretion vested in the courts to grant a
stay must be tempered with an equal concern for the successful party. In
exercising its discretion, the court must weigh in its mind whether there was
a likelihood that a stay would result in the evanesence or dimunition of the
assets of the losing party, be it deliberate or by sheer force of
circumstances. If funds are seemingly available presently and there is an
imminent danger of its subsidence, a successful party should not be deterred
from getting at it, more so in relation to costs which after all represent the
amount expended in the course of the litigation to sustain one’s cause. The
concern of course is whether there is a reasonable probability of getting the
paid amount back, if the appeal were to succeed. If there is no risk - in this
case there is none - then the courts, in the absence of other good reasons,
ought to lean in favour of the successful litigant to have a hold on the
loser’s remaining funds.

13 Returning to the application at hand, I must say that when the parties
appeared before me on 16 April 2003, the concern articulated by plaintiffs’
counsel was only in relation to the winding-up proceedings. This had since
become a non-issue since counsel representing the defendants made it presently
known to the court that stay in respect of the winding-up proceedings would no
longer be resisted by them. However, the plaintiffs were not content with what
they had obtained so far. They seemed to have shifted the gear to a higher
ratio. They were plumbing for a blanket stay and attempted to argue that even
the other forms of execution, such as a writ of seizure and sale against the
plaintiffs’ properties might cause the mortgagees of the plaintiffs to recall
the entire loan which they are not able to satisfy immediately and the result
would be a liquidation of the plaintiffs in an indirect way.

14 In my view, an all-embracing stay would be inappropriate in the
circumstances of the present case. Whilst I could appreciate the plaintiffs’
concern on the implications of the winding-up proceedings, the same cannot
hold true for the other forms of execution. The plaintiffs cannot have it both
ways. If they could marshal their resources to engage counsel of the ilk who
were present before me to argue this application, it should not be too
difficult for them to channel part of it to address a very legitimate concern
of the defendants that at the end of the day they might not even recoup the
amount expended by them to defend their cause. In my determination, a blanket
stay, as is being pressed for the plaintiffs would indeed result in the
defendants being deprived of whatever that is available currently before
others could lay their claims to them.

15 Having considered the views expressed in _Linotype-Hell Finance_ and the
approach taken in the _United Malayan Banking Corporation Ltd_ case, I
concluded that a total stay would be entirely inappropriate as it would cause
considerable prejudice to the defendants. In the premises, I revoked the order
made by me on 16 April 2003 and in its place made the following orders:

(a) The plaintiffs be granted a stay pending appeal only as respects the
winding-up proceedings instituted by the defendants against the plaintiffs in
Companies Winding-Up Petition No 91 of 2003 until the disposal of the
plaintiffs’ appeal in relation to the judgment delivered by me in Suit No 1499
of 2001;

(b) As regards other forms of execution, a stay is granted to the plaintiffs
on condition that they either pay the taxed costs to the defendants or provide
a bankers’ guarantee acceptable to the defendants within one week from 20 May
2003;

(c) Costs of the application before me were fixed at $2,500 payable by the
plaintiffs to the defendants.

_Order accordingly._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 May 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

