Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Velstra Pte Ltd v Mercator & Noordstar NV  
[2003] SGHC 35

Case Number | : | OS 1179/2002; NAOS 567/2002; RA 9 & 16/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 February 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vinodh Coomaraswamy and David Chan (Shook Lin & Bok) for the Plaintiffs; Koh Kok Wah and Dinesh Dhillon (Wong & Leow LLC) for the Defendants   
Parties | : |  Velstra Pte Ltd — Mercator & Noordstar NV   
  
Insolvency Law – Avoidance of transactions – Transactions at an undervalue –
Defences – Court's discretion to deny liquidators' application.  
  

1\. This originating summons was taken out by the plaintiffs for an order that
the payment of US$5.08 million on 4 January 2000 by the plaintiffs to the
defendants be declared null and void on the ground that it constituted a
transaction at an undervalue within the meaning of s 98 of the Bankruptcy Act
read with s 329 of the Companies Act. In the meantime, the defendants applied
to convert the originating summons into a writ action but their application
was dismissed by the assistant registrar and their appeal (RA 9 of 2003)
against that dismissal was heard before me on 22 January 2003. That appeal was
heard together with their appeal in RA 16 of 2003 in respect of their
dismissed application for security for costs against the plaintiffs.

2\. After hearing counsel I was minded to dismiss both appeals. However, Mr
Koh, counsel for the defendants, made a strong plea for fuller submissions to
be made. I then gave him time to make further arguments in respect of the
appeal in RA 9 of 2003 but the appeal for security for costs was dismissed. I
directed that submissions in respect of the originating summons itself be
filed and exchanged and in the event that I am not persuaded by Mr Koh’s
further arguments in RA 9 of 2003 I shall proceed to consider the submissions
in respect of the originating summons. I now set out my grounds in respect of
RA 9 of 2003 and the originating summons. The facts and some of the arguments
overlap.

3\. The plaintiffs are a company incorporated in Singapore and are in
liquidation. The defendants are an insurance company in Belgium who became
involved in the present proceedings from its interest in investing in a
Belgian company called Lernout & Hauspie Speech Products ("L&H"). The
liquidators of the plaintiff company discovered a payment of US$5.08m made on
4 January 2000 by the plaintiffs to the defendants, in partial discharge of a
debt of US$10m owed by a company called N.V. Language Development Fund
("LDF"), a company incorporated in Belgium about 31 March 1999. The plaintiff
company was incorporated a few months later, on 19 June 1999. The directors of
the plaintiffs were Tony Snauwert, a Belgian and Tan Lee Chin, a Singaporean.
The former says that his instructions came from L&H. This company appears to
be owned or controlled by the persons whose names appear as part of L&H’s
name, that is, Jo Lernout and Pol Hauspie both of whom are Belgians. L&H was
supposed to be a company specialising in the development of speech
recognition, dictation and translation software. It was extremely successful
and became a listed company in the United States as well as Europe; and it
rapidly became a favourite stock with a trading price of US$60 at its peak.

4\. On 4 January 2000 a transfer of US$36m was made by a person called
Khatchadourian, referred to by counsel as "K", of whom little is known save
that he is a Lebanese of Armenian origin. He was desirous of promoting
Armenian language and culture and, therefore, was prepared to lend US$30m to
L&H at the latter’s request. However, in the event, and on his own accord, he
offered to increase the loan by US$6m provided that L&H would agree to use
that additional sum specifically for the development of a language translation
software for the Armenian language.

5\. A meeting took place in which it appeared that Snauwert, Lernout, Hauspie,
Willaert (another founder member of L&H) and K met. The terms were agreed and
Willaert, it appears, suggested that the loan be disbursed to the plaintiffs.
A loan agreement was signed on 24 December 1999, and payable on 27 December
2001 for the sum of US$36m with interest fixed at US$41,990,400. The agreement
was signed by K and by Snauert, on behalf of the plaintiffs. On 4 January 2000
K transferred US$36m to the plaintiffs’ account with the Development Bank of
Singapore. Thereafter, K continued to maintain contact with Lernout, Hauspie
and Willaert concerning the development of the language translation software,
but by September 2000 it became clear that L&H were no longer interested in
that project.

6\. On 23 November 2000 Lernout, Hauspie and Willaert resigned from L&H. About
this time, L&H discovered a loss of US$100m from its Korean subsidiary. Only
1% was recovered through the sale of its receivables. This was one of the many
financial problems surfacing from L&H and its related companies. The total
claims made against it in Belgium alone stood at US$503m.

7\. Lernout, Hauspie and Willaert were arrested on 27 April 2001 in Belgium in
connection with a list of fraudulent activities that included forgery and the
falsification of accounts. On 20 May 2001, Gaston Bastiens, a manager of L&H
was arrested in Boston, USA and charged with insider trading and stock
manipulations.

8\. The plaintiffs were unable to repay the $36m loan on 27 December 2001. K
sued in the High Court in Singapore and obtained a judgment in default of
appearance. On 22 March 2002 K petitioned to wind up the plaintiffs. A winding
up order was made on 12 April 2002 and Kou Yin Tong, Wong Kian Kok and William
Hutchison were appointed liquidators of the plaintiffs.

9\. In the course of their investigations, the liquidators learned that the
plaintiffs had six subsidiaries in Belgium and three in Singapore. The
Singapore subsidiaries had the same directors as the plaintiffs, namely
Snauwert and Tan Lee Chin. No business activity was recorded by the plaintiffs
and its subsidiaries. There were no staff on its payroll.

10\. It also transpired that the plaintiffs had no association with L&H. It’s
only claim to any connection appears to be its purchase of software licences
from L&H at inflated prices. It also transpired that Snauwert incorporated a
company in Belgium, on 11 February 1999, called B.V.B.A. Language Development
Service ("LDS"). On 31 March 1999 LDS and another Belgium company called N.V.
Language Investment Company ("LIC"), whose directors were Willem Hardeman,
Willy Everaert, Boes & Co, Harcom and Declerq, incorporated company LDF. The
directors of LDF were Snauwert, LDS and LIC.

11\. On the day of its incorporation i.e. 31 March 1999, LDF received a loan
of US$10m from the defendants payable on 30 September 1999. In the meantime,
on 24 June 1999, the plaintiffs were incorporated as a wholly owned subsidiary
of LDF. LDF in turn, was 97% owned by the defendants.

12\. Hence, on 4 January 2000 when K advanced his US$36m to the plaintiffs,
LDF was already indebted to the defendants in the sum of US$10m. On the same
day (4 January), Snauwert instructed the plaintiffs’ bank to pay the US$36m as
follows:

a. US$20m to Dexia Bank in Belgium;

b. US$5.08m to the defendants in Belgium;

c. US$6m to LIC in Belgium; and

d US$4m to Radial Belgium in Belgium.

The payment of the US$5.08m to the defendants was recorded as payment "on
behalf of LDF", who was owing the defendants the sum of US$10m. There appears
no evidence that LDF was able to discharge the debt. The liquidators of the
plaintiffs wrote to the defendants on 8 May 2002 asking for details of the
US$5.08m payment. On 14 June 2002 the defendants’ solicitors in Belgium
replied to say that it was made in part payment of the US$10m loan.

13\. The plaintiffs’ application is a straightforward one. It applies under ss
98, 101 and 102 of the Bankruptcy Act, Ch 20 read with reg 5 of the Companies
(Application of Bankruptcy Act Provisions) Regulations 1995 to declare the
payment of US$5.08m by the plaintiffs to the defendants null and void, and for
an ancillary order to recover that sum from the defendants. I now set out
below the relevant portions of ss 98, 101 and 102 of the Act and reg 5 for
ease of reference:

"98. – (1) Subject to this section and sections 100 and 102, where an
individual is adjudged bankrupt and he has at the relevant time (as defined in
section 100) entered into a transaction with any person at an undervalue, the
Official Assignee may apply to the court for an order under this section.

(2) …

(3) For the purposes of this section and sections 100 and 102, an individual
enters into a transaction with a person at an undervalue if –

(a) he makes a gift to that person or he otherwise enters into a transaction
with that person on terms that provide for him to receive no consideration;

(b) …

(c) he enters into a transaction with that person for a consideration the
value of which, in money or money’s worth, is significantly less than the
value, in money or money’s worth, of the consideration provided by the
individual."

"101. – (1) For the purposes of sections 99 and 100, any question whether a
person is an associate of another person shall be determined in accordance
with this section.

…

(9) For the purposes of this section, an individual shall be taken to have
control of a company if –

(a) the directors of the company or of another company which has control of it
(or any of them) are accustomed to act in accordance with his directions or
instructions; or

(b) he is entitled to exercise, or control the exercise of, one-third or more
of the voting power at any general meeting of the company or of another
company which has control of it,

and where 2 or more persons together satisfy paragraph (a) or (b), they shall
be taken to have control of the company."

"102 – (3)(b) require a person who received a benefit from the transaction or
unfair preference in good faith, for value and without notice of the relevant
circumstances to pay a sum to the Official Assignee, except where he was a
party to the transaction or the payment is to be in respect of an unfair
preference given to that person at a time when he was a creditor of that
individual."

14\. Mr Koh's main argument resisting the plaintiffs’ claim under the
originating summons was that there was no gift or transaction between the
plaintiffs and the defendants, and he relied on the undisputed fact that the
payment of the US$5.08m by the plaintiffs to the defendants was recorded as
being "made on behalf of LDF" in the plaintiffs' record. But I think that it
is important that this assertion that there was no gift or transaction form or
between the plaintiffs and defendants be considered in the circumstances of
all the other relevant undisputed facts. First, the money was paid out from a
sum of US$36m paid into the plaintiffs' account and, without any evidence
otherwise, must be regarded as money belonging to the plaintiffs. Secondly,
although the plaintiffs recorded the payment to the defendants as payment on
behalf of LDF, there is no doubt that LDF was insolvent at the material time
and the plaintiffs cannot be unaware of that. It is also a fact readily
admitted by the defendants through William Hutchison's first affidavit.
Thirdly, in such circumstances, it behoves the defendants in resisting the
present claim to show that it has some credible claim against LDF for
reimbursement or indemnity in respect of the US$5.08m. There was none
whatsoever. Even the plaintiffs’ audited accounts were qualified. In such
circumstances no indemnity from LDF to the plaintiffs can be inferred.
Finally, the defendants owned 97% of LDF although Mr Koh argued strenuously
that the defendants were virtually misled into becoming the 97% shareholders
of LDF. No convincing evidence was produced to persuade me that this assertion
may possibly and reasonably be true. On the contrary, the evidence insofar as
the parties are concerned in all the relevant entities indicates the opposite
through their connection with each other. Furthermore, if the defendants were
defrauded into investing in LDF it would have recourse against whoever it was
that had so misled them. But that cannot be effected through this present
application on tenuous grounds. It is wrong to convert a straightforward
application under s 98 of the Bankruptcy Act into a major battle for what
appears clearly to be a complex action for fraud; and it should certainly not
be accomplished by way of discovery, as Mr Koh hopes to do, before any cogent
statement of facts as to how fraud was perpetrated on the defendants has been
settled. The defendants' application for conversion of this originating
summons into a writ action cannot succeed and accordingly, their appeal on
this issue in RA 9 of 2003 must fail. This by no means closes the door to the
defendants should they desire to proceed against any party, including the
plaintiffs, for fraud or any related action.

15\. I now revert to the plaintiffs' claim under the originating summons
itself. I can appreciate counsel's difficulty, but the defendants cannot deny
or dispute the liquidators' findings unless they have grounds to do so, and
evidence to challenge it. The evidential burden had clearly shifted to the
defendants and it is of no assistance to them to say that they require
discovery to show proof. They are no strangers to either the plaintiffs or
LDF. It may appear at first glance that a remittance of money recorded as
being made on behalf of a third party (in this case, LDF) cannot be regarded
as a gift. But in the present case, there was no record or explanation as to
why the remittance of US$5.08m was made on LDF's behalf, or any explanation
that might suggest that the payment would be recoverable from LDF as a loan by
the plaintiffs, or that it was given in circumstances that one can infer that
an indemnity was thereby created. Evidence leading to either of these
conclusions might perhaps be found in the communication between the plaintiffs
and LDF, or from evidence of a release of debt from LDF to the defendants to
the equivalent amount. But no such evidence was adduced. The remittance of
money in the present circumstances may therefore reasonably be deemed as a
gift by the payer to the payee. Even if it was not a gift, it was at least a
transaction for no consideration, and, in any event certainly, a transaction
at an undervalue.

16\. Mr. Koh disputes that the plaintiffs were insolvent. Quite apart from the
evidence by way of the liquidators' findings, the plaintiffs' record of
inactivity, and the absence of any proof of income or asset other than what K
had paid to it, s 100(2) of the Bankruptcy Act is presumed to be proved by
virtue of s 100(3) in that the defendants were an associate of the plaintiffs.
As Mr. Coomaraswamy, counsel for the plaintiffs, pointed out, whether a person
or company is an associate of another depends on an entitlement to control and
not on _de facto_ control. The burden thus fell on the defendants to disprove
the plaintiffs' insolvency but they were unable to discharge that burden.

17\. Under s 102(3) of the Bankruptcy Act, the defendants were entitled to set
up the defence on the ground that they received a benefit from the transaction
in question in good faith and for value, without notice of the relevant
circumstances. Mr Koh said that the defendants acted in good faith and gave
value without notice of the relevant circumstances. He submitted that the
defendants did not even know of the plaintiffs' existence prior to the
payment; but given the close connection of all the key personalities in the
corporate set-ups of the plaintiffs, the defendants and LDF, I am unable to
accept Mr Koh’s submission. It is a submission that is founded more in prayer
than in proof. The defence under s 102(3) is also not available if the
defendants were a party to the transaction. Section 102(3) reads as follows:

"An order under section 98 or 99 shall not - (b) require a person who received
a benefit from the transaction or unfair preference in good faith, for value
and without notice of the relevant circumstances to pay to the Official
Assignee, _except where he was a party to the transaction_ …." (my emphasis).

Mr. Koh challenged the relevance of the Australian case of _Cashflow Finance v
WestpacCOD Factors_ [1999] NSW SC 671 although that authority accepts that a
person may be a party to the transaction without being an active party, and
accordingly, a recipient of a payment of money is regarded as a party to the
transaction. Counsel submitted that the Australian legislation is different in
that it expressly defines 'transaction' to include payment. I do not think
that this is a case in which the maxim _expressio unius est exclusio alterius_
applies. I regard the statutory definition as an endorsement of the ordinary
and common understanding of the term "transaction". A person who receives
money directly from an impugned payer is, in my view, a party to that
transaction.

18\. The other defence available to the defendants is set out in Reg 6 of the
Companies (Application of Bankruptcy Act) Regulations which provides as
follows:

"6. The court shall not make an order referred to in section 98 of the
Bankruptcy Act in respect of a transaction at an undervalue if it is satisfied
–

(a) that the company which entered into the transaction did so in good faith
and for the purpose of carrying on its business; and

(b) that at the time it did so there were reasonable grounds for believing
that the transaction would benefit the company."

It is evident that the burden of proving these defences lie with the
defendants, but as has been its case from the outset, the defendants have no
substantial knowledge, information or any evidence of value that it could rely
on in its bid to convince me that they were victims of a major fraud that
involved the L&H group or even K himself. Mr Koh had to rely on inferences
that he wishes me to draw, such as K's knowledge that the US$36m he paid into
the plaintiffs' account would be remitted for L&H's purposes. Counsel
submitted that as K is the obvious "true plaintiff" in this originating
summons, an adverse inference ought to be drawn against him for his failure to
provide discovery. I accept that it is likely that a great deal of information
is not available to this court to enable me to distinguish the villain and the
innocent, and it is very possible that the defendants were victims of a scam
inasmuch as it is possible that they were victims of temptation, or even,
privy to the plot. It is also possible that K may be part of the original or
larger fraud – but, of course, he may also be another innocent. It seems to me
that the dearth of information in this regard afflicted the plaintiffs and the
defendants alike. The defendants, for example, have not on their part offered
any explanation as to why and how it was able to persuade LDF or the
plaintiffs to make the payment of US$5.08m to it? Nonetheless, for the
purposes of recovery under the Bankruptcy rules, and for reasons I shall state
shortly, the court need not wait for answers to such questions in order to
make a determination of the liquidators' application.

19\. In all the circumstances as I have outlined above, my first duty is to
ascertain whether the provisions under which the liquidators are applying have
been satisfied. If they have, then the enquiry must focus on whether the
defendants have satisfactorily proved any of the defences available to them. I
have found, and stated accordingly in the course of my judgement above that
the answer to the first question is in the affirmative, and the second in the
negative. Thus, the only point remaining is whether this court has any
discretion to deny the liquidators the prayers they seek. I accept that the
defendants have raised a number of important questions concerning the good
faith and honesty of the various parties involved in the transactions leading
to and including the payment to the defendants, but questions without answers
are revered only in the realm of philosophy. For a court of law to act on
those questions alone as Mr Koh suggests, is to act according to the dictates
of that familiar phrase - 'palm tree justice' (in this instance referred to in
the judgment of Einstein J in the _Cashflow_ case at [569 (ii)] ). It is
unfortunate, however, that sometimes attempts by judges to do justice does not
find common acceptance are thus labelled 'palm tree justice' as a prelude to
the effort being ignominiously dismissed (though not so in _Cashflow_). For my
part, I adhere to the belief that judges are bound to depart from the rigidity
of normative law when they can in individual cases in order to do justice.
They must, however, recognise the instances when they cannot do so. In the
present case, I agree with the opinion of Einstein J that "there is no role
for the general notions of unconscionability here" - not on the sparse
evidence that Mr Koh, through no fault of his, had at his disposal. The duty
required of this court hence, is that which was expressed in _Pegulan Floor
Coverings Pty Ltd v Carter_ (1997) 15 ACLR 1293, namely to "ensure that a
creditor did not receive a benefit over and above that received by other
creditors". And again, I agree entirely with Einstein J that once payment is
received by the defendants in an insolvent transaction "there is no room for
any discretion in the court."

20\. The statutory provisions having been satisfactorily proved by the
liquidators, I, therefore, grant the plaintiffs an order in terms of prayers
1, 2, and 4 of the originating summons with liberty to apply. The defendants'
appeal in RA 9 of 2003 is accordingly dismissed. I shall hear parties on the
question of costs at a later date if they are unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Feb 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

