Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Mohamed Ridwan Bin Omar and Others  
[2003] SGHC 49

Case Number | : | CC 7/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 March 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hamidul Haq, Tai Wei Shyong and Cheok Yu-Liang (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Public Prosecutor; Ismail Hamid (Ismail Hamid & Co) for first accused; Shashi Nathan and Howard Cheam (Harry Elias Partnership) for the second accused; Third accused in person; Paul (Paul, Tan & Harbans) for the fourth accused; S S Dhillon and Terrence Hua (Dhillon Dendroff & Partners) for the fifth accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Mohamed Ridwan Bin Omar; Mohd Ashik Bin Zainuddin; Mohamed Helmie Bin Abdullah; Norizan Bin Tahir; Samsul Ariffin Bin Samsudi   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Grievous hurt – Use of dangerous weapon – Common
object of unlawful assembly – Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) ss 149, 326  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Section 326 offences –
Factors taken into account when sentencing – Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)
s 326  
  

1 Each of the five accused persons is charged with having committed an offence
under s 326 of the Penal Code, by virtue of s 149 of the Penal Code. The
offence under s 326 of the Penal Code is one of voluntary causing grievous
hurt by means of any instrument which, used as a weapon of offence, is likely
to cause death.

2 The five accused persons were involved in an attack on one Zulkefelee Bin Md
Nor and two of his friends at about 2.23am of 5 February 2002 outside Legenda
Karaoke Lounge at 441 Joo Chiat Road. At the time of the attack, Zulkefelee
and his friends were merely squatting at a five foot way fronting the lounge.
The attack involved the use of knives and wooden poles and, as a result of the
attack, Zulkefelee was killed.

3 In mitigation, it was stressed that none of the accused had inflicted the
two fatal stab wounds.  It was also suggested that the accused persons did not
know that other members of their group had knives. Also none of the accused
persons was the mastermind behind the attack. Four of them did not know the
reason for the attack while the mitigation plea of the fourth accused Norizan
Bin Tahir suggested that he might have been aware of the reason which was a
problem between the deceased and the deceased’s girlfriend. Even then he did
not say that he knew what the specific problem was.

4 As for antecedents:

(a) the first accused Mohamed Ridwan Bin Omar had been convicted on 28
December 1999 of an offence of affray but was punished with a fine only,

(b) the other accused persons either had antecedents which were not relevant
or no antecedent.

5 On the other hand, even if none of the accused persons knew that other
members of their group had knives, they all knew that some members of their
group were armed with wooden poles. They must have known, before the attack on
the deceased and his friends, what the common object was and that death may be
caused, which unfortunately turned out to be the case. Although none of the
accused persons inflicted the fatal wounds, they facilitated the act of others
who did so.

6 The fact that the accused persons did not even know the actual reason for
the attack emphasises how senseless their actions were.

7 In _Shamsul bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 4 SLR 176, Chief
Justice Yong Pung How cited with approval the following factors from
Practitioners Library - Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts (2000)
as relevant in sentencing under s 326 of the Penal Code: (a) seriousness and
permanence of injuries, (b) group action, (c) premeditation, (d) weapon used,
(e) vulnerability of victim, (f) whether offender was in a position of
authority, (g) racial motivation and (h) prior record of violence.

8 I would add that whether an accused pleads guilty or claims trial and
whether an accused surrenders himself should also be relevant factors in
sentencing.

9 In the circumstances,

(a) I sentence Mohamed Ridwan Bin Omar to eight years’ imprisonment and eight
strokes of the cane. The sentence of imprisonment is to run from the date of
his arrest i.e 5 February 2002.

(b) I sentence Mohd Ashik Bin Zainuddin to seven and a half years’
imprisonment and eight strokes of the cane. The sentence of imprisonment is to
run from the date of his arrest i.e 5 February 2002.

(c) I sentence Mohamed Helmie Bin Abdullah to eight years’ imprisonment and
eight strokes of the cane. The sentence is to run from the date of his arrest
i.e 6 August 2002.

(d) I sentence Norizan Bin Tahir to eight years’ imprisonment and eight
strokes of the cane. The sentence is to run from the date of his arrest i.e 17
November 2002.

(e) I sentence Samsul Ariffin Bin Samsudi to eight years’ imprisonment and
eight strokes of the cane. The sentence is to run from the date of his arrest
i.e 17 November 2002.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Mar 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

