Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The Portal WW.Legal.com. Pte Ltd v Horizon.iTech Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 11

Case Number | : | Suit 1455/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 January 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chong Boon Leong and Ngooi Shih Loong (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiffs; Alan Koh Khong Khai and Vincent Lim Miang (KT Lim & Co) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  The Portal WW.Legal.com. Pte Ltd â€” Horizon.iTech Pte Ltd   
  
1\. The Portal WWLegal.Com. Pte Ltd (the plaintiffs) are a local company
incorporated in year 2000 by three (3) enterprising members of Singapore's
legal fraternity being the then three (3) partners of the firm of Ong, Tay &
Partners (the law firm) namely, Lim Seng Siew (Lim), Ong Ying Ping and Susan
Tay (collectively referred to as the partners). Horizon.iTech Pte Ltd (the
defendants) are a subsidiary of a public company called Horizon.Com (Horizon).
The plaintiffs were incorporated specifically for the purpose of establishing
an e-commerce portal such that qualified lawyers can provide and their clients
can seek, online legal advice/services. They received in-principle endorsement
from the Law Society for their project on or about 14 April 2000.

2\. According to the defendants, the partners visited the defendants' Toa
Payoh office in early 2000 and informed the defendants' sales representative
Michale Lim (Michale) of their proposed project. Michale introduced the
partners to his director/boss Faisal Alsagoff (Alsagoff). The discussion
between the partners and Alsagoff resulted in the signing of a (handwritten)
memorandum dated 19 March 2000 (the Memorandum) between the partners, Alsagoff
and Michale wherein the defendants agreed to develop the portal for the
plaintiffs, subject to contract. Certain fundamental terms were set out in the
Memorandum. The most important item however namely pricing, was not finalised
(although a ballpark figure of $300,000 was discussed) and hence was not
stated in the document.

3\. The plaintiffs on the other hand claimed they were first introduced to the
defendants in April 2000 and that the Memorandum was actually signed on 19 May
2000. Lim (who is also a director of the plaintiffs) said that with his co-
directors, he met Horizon's/the defendants' representatives (Francis Yeo and
Michale), made a (Power Point) presentation of the plaintiffs' vision of the
portal and showed the partners' preliminary financial projections to Horizon,
hoping that the company would invest in the project. However, Francis Yeo
subsequently informed the partners that Horizon would not invest in the
project but offered the defendants' services to help the plaintiffs to design
and develop the portal. Francis Yeo apparently added that the defendants did a
lot of work for town councils of Housing & Development Board estates and
offered to link the plaintiffs' portal with the town councils and residents,
thereby giving the plaintiffs access to the whole of Singapore. One of the
plaintiffs' later grievances was, that the defendants made no efforts to link
the portal to town councils, Singapore Power or any other high-profile public
bodies.

4\. At the request of the plaintiffs, the defendants signed a non-disclosure
agreement dated 15 May 2000 (the Non-Disclosure Agreement). The Memorandum was
followed by a Proposal for an Electronic Commerce Hub for the plaintiffs dated
22 May 2000 (the Proposal) prepared by the defendants. In May, the plaintiffs
also met representatives from PEX.COM Pte Ltd (PEX), a subcontractor of (and
later subsidiary) of the defendants. Lim was told that PEX specialised in
developing portals. On or about 26 May 2000, PEX delivered a prototype of the
portal to the plaintiffs for demonstration purposes. The prototype showed a
lawyer taking instructions from a client for a claim, the client giving
instructions to a law firm, then making payment online for preliminary advice,
the lawyer giving preliminary advice and, the client instructing the lawyer to
pursue his claim. In June 2000, PEX prepared a project plan for the
plaintiffs. Thenceforth, the plaintiffs dealt with PEX on technical
requirements and with the defendants on terms, conditions and pricing.

5\. Subsequently, the defendants presented a Portal Functionality Acceptance
Test to the plaintiffs who accepted by signing it, on 17 July 2000. On 2
August 2000, the plaintiffs introduced the defendants' staff to technicians
from Connect! Pte Ltd (Connect) which company was responsible for designing
the user interface of the portal for the plaintiffs. The defendants had
earlier informed the plaintiffs that they did not have the expertise in
homepage designing; this was disputed by the plaintiffs. The introduction to
Connect was followed by a Portal User Acceptance Test (phase 2B) prepared by
the defendants dated 7 August 2000 and acknowledged by Lim on the same day.

6\. After several more meetings, the plaintiffs, the defendants and the
partners finally signed an Internet Portal Services and Licence Agreement on
24 August 2000 (the Agreement) which inter alia, contained the following
recitals and terms:-

(i) the plaintiffs desired to provide internet application services to: (a)
enable lawyers to provide legal advice/services to consumers and (b) to enable
the lawyers to transmit documents electronically to relevant government
authorities and track the progress of such documents;

(ii) the defendants would provide portal licensing, configuration, hosting and
other services to the plaintiffs as well as license the defendants' Horizon
software, supply the Hardware and Third Party Software to enable the
plaintiffs to provide the services in (i);

(iii) the partners would guarantee payment by the plaintiffs up to 50% of the
total charges or $200,000, whichever is the lesser;

(iv) in the event of inconsistency between the terms of the Memorandum and the
Agreement, the terms in the Memorandum would prevail;

(v) the terms of the Non-Disclosure Agreement would continue to bind the
parties notwithstanding the execution of the Agreement.

(vi) the defendants would provide a three (3) months warranty period from the
date of the launch of the portal.

The Agreement specifically excluded homepage design from the defendants' scope
of works.

7\. The defendants agreed under cl 2.5 of the Agreement, to deliver the portal
by 18 September 2000 (or such later date confirmed in writing by the
plaintiffs); if not, they would have to pay the plaintiffs liquidated damages
(based on the projected revenue of the portal) calculated on a daily basis.
Under the Schedule to the Agreement, the defendants agreed to host three (3)
servers for the plaintiffs, at a monthly charge of $8,000/- (plus GST).

8\. On their part, the plaintiffs were obliged under the Agreement to inter
alia: (i) provide the defendants with materials/data for use during pilot
implementation; (ii) to assign a named person or his alternate to be the key
project manager to co-ordinate any staff scheduling/resource requirements or
technical support and (iii) to pay the charges due to the defendants. Such
charges pertained to the hardware ($35,000/-), configuration and licensing of
the portal ($300,000/-), hosting of the portal for an initial one (1) year
and, an annual software maintenance fee ($45,000/-).

9\. On 1 September 2000, Phase 3 of the portal was configured by the
defendants and received by the plaintiffs. On 11 September 2000, the parties
agreed at a meeting that the date of the public launch would be postponed to
21 September 2000. On 12 September 2000, the defendants' Functionality
Acceptance Test for Phase 2A was signed off by the plaintiffs, but subject to
further testing of changes which Lim had requested. Similarly, on 15 September
2000, the defendants' User Acceptance Tests for Phases 2B and 3 were signed
off by the plaintiffs, subject to further testing of and, changes requested.
The defendants effected the changes requested on the following day and on 18
September 2000, Lim approved Phase 3 of the portal by e-mail.

10\. On 21 September 2000, the portal was publicly launched at the Singapore
Academy of Law. The plaintiffs gave a Power Point demonstration of the
functions of the portal which consisted of:-

a. online payment using credit card;

b. a client matching system whereby a client was matched with a law firm that
was prepared to handle his case;

c. work-flow development for particular areas of law.

The portal received its first membership application on 4 October 2000
followed by an actual transaction on or about 6 November 2000.

11\. The defendants made minor changes to Phase 3 on 10 October 2000 of the
portal at the plaintiffs' request. By an e-mail dated 25 October 2000, Lim
expressed satisfaction with the third party e-mail module provided by the
defendants. Following the expiry of the 90 days warranty, the defendants
claimed they handed back to the plaintiffs all materials on 8 January 2001;
the plaintiffs disputed this fact. Lim alleged the plaintiffs signed off
conditionally, subject to the defendants' delivery of various documentation
and completion of the project.

12\. The plaintiffs' main source of revenue was to come from the
administrative fee they charged users of the portal. I should also mention
that between May and July 2000, 95 law firms signed up to test and eventually,
to use the portal to conduct their cases. After the launch and up to March
2001, 47 law firms registered as users. Lim deposed in his affidavit that this
number far exceeded the projections of the plaintiffs set out in Schedule E of
the Agreement. Having looked at the said Schedule, I must confess I cannot co-
relate the figure of 47 to the plaintiffs' projections for the first three (3)
years of the portal's operations. The plaintiffs had based the portal's
anticipated revenue on the number (3,285) of lawyers practising at the
Singapore Bar, generating a projected $1 billion in annual revenue. As at the
trial dates (according to Lim), 115 out of about 700 law firms or
approximately 16.4%, had signed up to use the portal.

13\. In his written testimony (para 15) Lim had further projected that
transactions worth $13.6m would be going through the portal from its launch
until August 2001, based on his best/conservative estimate that 1% of the
total annual revenue of lawyers would be channelled through the portal. The
plaintiffs would charge an administrative fee of 5% of the value of the
transactions going through the portal. Consequently, the portal's revenue
would be 5% of $13.6m or $680,000/-. The plaintiffs further projected another
$386,000/- in revenue from consulting services, hardware and software sales,
based on an average of $150/- per month per law firm signing up as users.
Another $143,000/- revenue would come from, subscriptions to the case
management system by law firms and advertising and service fees charged to
service providers. Lim deposed that the plaintiffs were unable to sustain the
headstart of $70,000/- worth of contracts they secured by January 2001
because, the portal was not completed to fully track the progress of cases.

14\. After the launch of the portal, the parties entered into a Service Level
Agreement dated 10 January 2001 (the Service Agreement) under which the
defendants inter alia, agreed to host the plaintiffs' servers in two(2)
separate racks, to assign one IP address for each of the plaintiffs' servers
to a maximum of four (4) IP addresses at $40 per address and, to provide
security service to the plaintiffsâ€™ servers.

15\. On 21 February 2001, the defendants received a Change Request Form from
the plaintiffs requesting variation work to the payment loop. The defendants
duly complied with the request and the variation work was configured and
received by the plaintiffs on 24 May 2001. The User Acceptance Test for the
variation work was signed off by the plaintiffs on 11 June 2001. It was
minuted at a meeting on 18 September 2001, that all problems encountered by
the plaintiffs as a result of additional variation works had been resolved.

16\. However, the plaintiffs did not share the defendants' optimistic view
that the portal was fully operational. According to Lim, the defendants failed
to deliver the portal with the functions stipulated under the Agreement. He
alleged that at the launch of the portal on 21 September 2000, it could do
little beyond enabling a client to engage a lawyer, obtain preliminary advice
for $80 (paid by credit card) and obtain a quotation for further action. Even
then, the process was not problem-free. There were design flaws which made it
confusing for users to understand:-

(a) what the site can do for them;

(b) how to use it;

(c) where they can find the necessary information;

(d) who can help them and

(e) when they can get a definite response

resulting in reluctance on the part of lawyers and their clients, to use the
portal. There were also problems related to work flow charts, the user
interface, the e-commerce aspects and wrong configuration of the e-mail
server.

17\. A major complaint of the plaintiffs according to Lim, was the chatroom
facility of the portal. He alleged that the chatroom designed by the
defendants was not a private chatroom to which only invited persons could chat
and, it did not have facilities to remove users who used bad or defamatory
language. Consequently, the plaintiffs ceased promoting the use of the
chatroom.

18\. Another complaint of the plaintiffs related to the forum provided by the
defendants which failed to provide any important administrative safeguard
features (removal of inappropriate messages, banning of errant users by means
of user identity or via their IP addresses). Lim alleged that the defendants
refused to or could not provide the plaintiffs with documentation on the
forum. Consequently, the plaintiffs were obliged to redesign the forum from
scratch.

19\. A third complaint of the plaintiffs related to the e-mail server. Lim
alleged that the product (Dmail) procured by the defendants from a New Zealand
company (Netwinsite) contained 'bugs' (which 'cure' was available from the
makers) and the defendants failed to configure the software properly so as to
stop 'spamming' (unauthorised users/organisations making indiscriminate use of
other persons' e-mail servers to send e-mail). This resulted in disruption to
legitimate users of the portal. The server could not verify legitimate users
and the defendants' solution of requiring the plaintiffs to reboot the server
every few months was unsatisfactory. Lim testified (N/E 21) that he
subsequently rectified the Dmail software to exclude spamming.

20\. Yet another complaint of the plaintiffs was the lack of proper hosting
facilities, in breach of the Service Agreement. Lim alleged that the
defendants failed to host one (1) of the plaintiffs' four (4) servers and,
failed to provide any firewall protection for any of the servers.

21\. Finally, the plaintiffs alleged that the defendants failed to provide
training to the plaintiffs' staff (5).

**The claim**

22\. In January 2002, the plaintiffs commenced these proceedings alleging that
the defendants had committed breaches of various terms in the Agreement,
particularly those enumerated in paras 14 to 19 above, as well as of the
Service Agreement. Their claim for damages for the defendants' breaches
included the sum of $104,860 they had paid to Connect to develop the user
interface.

23\. The defendants not only disputed the plaintiffs' pleaded allegations but
went further to file a counterclaim against the latter. In the defence, the
defendants averred that:-

a. the portal was ready to be made accessible to the public on or about 18
September 2000 and was in fact made accessible, on 21 September 2000;

b. the defendants provided staff training to the plaintiffs on an on-going
basis. The defendants were ready, willing and able to provide formal training
to the plaintiffs' staff but the plaintiffs failed to select/identify the
staff to undergo such training;

c. manuals and documentation were given to the plaintiffs on or about 8
January and on or about 7 March, 2001, to assist them in maintaining and
operating the portal;

d. the defendants properly co-ordinated the project;

e. the Agreement stated that the defendants were not obliged to provide the
user interface;

f. the forum/bulletin board had an administrator who had the ability to delete
old, unwanted or undesirable messages posted by users;

g. the software for the forum/bulletin board and chatroom provided under the
Agreement was not part of the Horizon software specially developed for the
portal, but was basic off-the-shelf software which did not have deletion or
removal facilities respectively.

h. the defendants were unaware of the alleged periodical 'freezing' of the
e-mail server. The software for the e-mail was not part of the Horizon
software specially developed for the portal but a basic off-the-shelf software
which did not have facilities to prevent spamming. The alleged 'bugs' in the
software were rectified. The defendants were only obliged to host three (3)
not four (4) servers and the firewall security related to only one (1) server;

i. the claim for liquidated damages was denied and the method of its
calculation disputed.

Whatever the shortcomings, the defendants pointed out that the forum/bulletin
board, chatroom and e-mail server were accepted by the plaintiffs in or about
September 2000.

**The counterclaim**

24\. As for their counterclaim, the defendants contended that the plaintiffs
had failed to pay the configuration/licensing fee ($300,000/- not including
GST) save for $49,531.25. As full payment was not made, the plaintiffs were
obliged to pay the defendants $12,875/- per month for 24 months, pursuant to
cll 4.2 and 4.8 of the Agreement. Consequently, the sum of $117,843.75 was
owed to the defendants (as at 21 June 2002). Apart from six (6) payments, the
plaintiffs had also failed to pay the hosting charges of $8,240/- (inclusive
of GST) per month. Consequently, the sum of $82,400/- (excluding interest at
1% above the prime rate charged by DBS Bank) was due and owing to the
defendants (as at 21 June 2002).

25\. The defendants alleged that the plaintiffs also owed Transaction Charges
at 3% of the gross value of transactions per month, pursuant to cl 4 of the
Agreement. For reversed, cancelled or terminated transactions, the plaintiffs
were obliged to pay the defendants $0.10 per transaction. These charges were
also counter-claimed by the defendants.

26\. It would not be necessary to refer to either the plaintiffs' Reply &
Defence to the Counterclaim or, to the defendants' Rejoinder as, both parties
maintained their respective stands. I would only mention that in the
Rejoinder, the defendants pleaded they had substantially performed the
Agreement.

**The evidence**

**(i) the plaintiffs' case**

27\. Lim (PW1) turned out to be the plaintiffs' only witness. Tan Kim Chuan
(Tan) the project's manager from PEX, was supposed to testify for the
plaintiffs and had filed his affidavit of evidence-in-chief for that purpose.
However, on the first morning of the trial, the court was informed that the
defendants and PEX had signed a settlement agreement dated 1 June 2002; the
terms thereof bound Tan to secrecy in respect of events leading up to the
signing, these included the duties and work performed by PEX for the
defendants, including the portal. Consequently, by way of a letter from his
solicitors which was tendered to court, Tan declined to testify voluntarily;
the plaintiffs chose not to subpoena him to testify. I refused their counsel's
application (repeated in his closing submissions) to draw an adverse inference
against the defendants for not calling Tan to testify, there being no
proprietary right to him as a witness, such as to compel the defendants to
subpoena/call him to the stand. There was nothing to stop the plaintiffs from
calling Tan as their own witness. Indeed, they should have subpoenaed him as,
Tan would have provided useful input on his discussions with Lim vis a vis the
plaintiffsâ€™ site requirements and on the chatroom issue discussed below.

28\. Before Lim took the stand, the plaintiffs' counsel presented to the court
the same Power Point version of the portal as that shown to the defendants in
April 2000; I shall advert to that later. Meanwhile, I will focus on Lim's
cross-examination touching on the plaintiffs' complaints, since the material
parts of his evidence-in-chief have been set out in earlier paragraphs.

**(a) the user interface**

29\. Counsel drew Lim's attention to the payment vouchers the plaintiffs
issued to Connect which Lim exhibited in his affidavit (exhibit LSS-11)
commencing _from_ 31 July 2000. The vouchers were to be contrasted with e-mail
exchanged between the parties (exhibit LSS-10) expressing dissatisfaction with
the system, _after_ Connect's appointment. As Connect was appointed by the
plaintiffs before 31 July 2000, it could not be said their engagement was due
to the plaintiffs' dissatisfaction with the defendants' services. Indeed, at a
project meeting on 2 August 2000 (see minutes at AB334), Lim himself had
personally introduced staff (3) from Connect to the defendants as those who
would take charge of the user interface and content development for the
plaintiffs. Lim sought to explain that the defendants began designing the
interface _before_ 31 July 2000 but declined to continue on the basis it was
not their responsibility, _after_ the plaintiffs raised problems they had
encountered with the defendants' design. He interpreted the defendants'
obligations of developing the portal to include design of the interface,
notwithstanding that the user interface was specifically excluded from PEX's
scope of work under the project plan (see cl 2.2). In any case, links from one
page to another of the interface were still under the defendants' control;
they would have to effect changes to the links/pages.

30\. Although Lim conceded he could refer to only an e-mail dated 28 September
2000 to support his allegation, he maintained he had complained to the
defendants as detailed in his affidavit (para 25).

**(b) lack of administrative facilities in forum/bulletin board**

31\. Although he acknowledged that some forums may not have facilities to ban
undesirable users, Lim nonetheless maintained that such features are standard.

**(c) the chatroom**

32\. Lim had deposed that the defendants used a Microsoft program to design
the plaintiffs' chatroom. He complained that in addition to the chatroom's
lack of administrative facilities (which he again asserted are standard
features), the defendants refused or could not provide the plaintiffs with,
documentation. Lim agreed that the missing features (inability to shut
out/remove uninvited persons or abusers of the system) were not included in
the Memorandum or in PEX's project plan. However, he said he had delivered his
site requirements to Tan before the signing of the Memorandum (see exhibit
LSS-6) and specified therein _chatroom: private_ which he interpreted to mean
_only_ invited persons could participate in chatroom discussions. He disagreed
with the defendants' interpretation that it meant several private discussions
could be carried on simultaneously, with participants being admitted, based on
user identification (ID) and password.

**(d) no proper hosting facilities**

33\. The defendants' obligation to host the plaintiffs' servers was set out in
Schedule 2 (at AB79) of the Agreement, which gave a breakdown of the various
items comprised in the defendants' fee of $8,000. Counsel for the defendants
pointed out to Lim that contrary to his assertions, the defendants were not
bound to host four (4) but only three (3) servers.

34\. Lim however claimed that between 2 August 2000 and 10 January 2001, the
plaintiffs had requested the defendants to host a 4th server and he had
'assumed' that the defendants had agreed to do so, without additional charge.
His further complaint relating to the 4th server was that it was not properly
secured, being placed on a table top. Counsel countered that the server was so
placed by the plaintiffs' technical officer Jonathan Wright (Wright); he has
since left the plaintiffs' services. Lim agreed the plaintiffs suffered no
loss in any event.

**(e) no firewall protection for servers**

35\. Lim disagreed with counsel that it was not possible to place all four (4)
servers behind a firewall, as otherwise there would be no access to the
website. Lim said he had received an e-mail from the defendants on 25
September 2000 saying the servers were outside the firewall, not that it was
not possible to provide the protection. Whilst the plaintiffs' data server was
within a firewall the remaining three (3) servers were not, even though the
plaintiffs had paid for such services under cl 5(a) of the Service Agreement
(see AB180), which formed part of the agreed package. Notwithstanding the lack
of firewall protection however, Lim admitted that the plaintiffs' security on
the other three (3) servers had not been compromised nor had they suffered any
consequential loss.

**(f) failing to make the portal accessible to the public by 18 September
2000**

36\. Although his attention was drawn to the fact that his partner (Ong Ying
Ping) had told the defendants at a meeting on 2 August 2000 that the launch
would be postponed to 21/22 September 2000, Lim insisted that it did not alter
the defendants' contractual obligations; the portal's _launch_ date had
nothing to do with its _delivery_ date and, the latter must precede the
former. Counsel for the defendants drew Lim's attention to cl 2.1.5 of the
Agreement under which Horizon was obliged to provide:-

the configuration of the Portal in conjunction with WWLegal's project team to
enable the Portal to be made accessible to the public by 18 September 2000 or
such later date to be confirmed by WWLegal in writing

pointing out there was no mention of _delivery_ of the Portal. Questioned by
the court on what he understood by _delivery,_ Lim's (N/E 43) explanation was
not an answer at all -- he merely reiterated that what was made accessible to
the public by the defendants on 21 September 2000 was not what the plaintiffs
had contracted for. Pressed further, he opined that what was _delivered_ by
the defendants was not of the contracted product _or_ what the plaintiffs
wanted.

37\. Cross-examined why in that case he signed the defendants' User Acceptance
Test on 12 September (for phases 2A/2B), Lim said they were 'qualified'
acceptances. He disagreed that the changes he had requested (_after_ he
qualified the plaintiffs' acceptances) were carried out on 16 September 2000.
Closer examination of the defendants' various test case forms (see AB5-38)
however revealed that Lim/the plaintiffs had signed _okay_ on most of the
forms. Lim could not explain why where _changes needed_ were the notations he
made, the same were not specified or, he did not make a record if indeed the
subsequent changes made by the defendants were unsatisfactory.

38\. In the course of his cross-examination, Lim shifted his stance -- whereas
he had earlier claimed that the portal made accessible to the public was _not_
what the plaintiffs contracted for, he subsequently seemed to suggest that the
portal delivered by the defendants had features missing -- citing the payment
loop to allow price negotiation between solicitor and client as an example. He
denied this feature was not included in the original scope of the project and
relied on its absence to support the plaintiffs' allegation that, the
defendants lacked proper co-ordination and management in their development of
the portal.

39\. Reference was made by counsel for the defendants to a Change Request Form
submitted by Lim to the defendants on 18 October 2000 which contained the
following item:

6 Follow Through Payment

Pex has already designed this via the quotation system. Modify to allow lawyer
to specify amt to be paid for matter, client informed of this via system &
client can make payment. Allow this to be used by lawyer to client so long as
matter not concluded.

Lim admitted that the defendants had amended the payment loop without charge,
pursuant to a Change Request Form he submitted on 21 February 2000; this was
followed by a live User Acceptance Test.

**(g) no link-up with town councils and government departments**

40\. Lim admitted that even three (3) months after the portal was made
accessible, the plaintiffs were not ready to do the integration and without
the plaintiffs' co-operation, the defendants could not do the link-up.
Apparently, there was talk by the plaintiffs of integrating the portal with a
third party system called Solicitec system. Lim agreed that for that reason,
the integration was postponed indefinitely.

**(h) failure to train the plaintiffs' staff**

41\. Cross-examined, Lim conceded that the defendants were ready and willing
to provide training but the plaintiffs did not inform the defendants of the
staff who were selected for such training. Yet, he disagreed with counsel that
the plaintiffs' allegation in this regard was baseless.

**(i) discounts**

42\. Lim alleged that because Connect not the defendants, developed the
customised user interface, he had informed Francis Yeo and Michale that the
plaintiffs were entitled to a 'discount' for having to pay Connect $104,860/-.
He referred to his fax of 19 December 2000 to the defendants' Edward Leong
wherein he claimed that the latter had 'agreed' to provide 3 months' free web-
hosting service _quid pro quo_. I should add that Lim in the fax requested the
defendants to withdraw their invoice dated 1 November 2000 (for $16,000/-) for
hosting charges. However, this was denied by Edward Leong in his fax reply
dated 22 December 2000; Edward Leong stated he had indicated discussions for a
discount should be done 'offline', after the Agreement was signed but, the
plaintiffs did not pursue the matter thereafter. He suggested that the
plaintiffs liaise with the defendants' Freddie Bay in that regard.

43\. In earlier paragraphs (12-13), I had set out the plaintiffs' projections
of the potential revenue the portal would earn. In that regard Lim disagreed
with counsel that the portal's failure to earn the revenue he had anticipated
was due to factors _other than_ its alleged unsatisfactory performance (such
as the fear of comprising solicitor-client confidentiality). Although Lim
disagreed with counsel's suggestion, I myself am of the view that it cannot be
disputed that the plaintiffs' anticipated earnings for three (3) years (on
which they based their claim for damages) are wholly theoretical; there are no
similar portals by which those profit figures can be compared against, to
verify that the projected revenue is realistic and achievable. Indeed, Lim
agreed with counsel for the defendants (N/E 63) that with the collapse (in
1999-2000) of the e-Commerce industry, many start-up e-Commerce companies did
not come close to their projected revenue figures. I shall return to this
observation later in my findings.

**The defendants' case**

44\. The defendants called three (3) witnesses for their case; one was
Michale, the second was Noah Tay Chin Seng and the last was Jonathan Chin.

45\. Michale (DW1) has no technical expertise in computer software. He was the
accounts manager of the defendants (until December 2000) whose responsibility
was to bring in business. Michale's immediate superior was his department head
Francis Yeo. During cross-examination, it was revealed that Michale was the
de-facto project manager for the project (for a couple of weeks) until the
defendants appointed Jonathan Chin (Chin) who was the project manager of the
defendants from July 2000 to January 2001, when he left to assume the vice-
presidency of a related company of the defendants. The defendants' second
witness Noah Tay Chin Seng (Tay) has been their project director since 1
November 2000. By the time Tay joined the defendants, Chin's duties were about
to be taken over by Gan Kim Leng, who worked under Tay. As with Lim's
evidence, the testimony of the defendants' witnesses will be considered under
the various heads of complaint of the plaintiffs.

**(a) the user interface**

46\. Michale testified he understood both the concept and the plaintiffs'
requirements (from their Power Point presentation) for the portal. He was
instrumental in introducing PEX to the plaintiffs and he prepared the Proposal
of 22 May 2000. Whilst the plaintiffs wanted an elaborate custom-made user
interface, the defendants had informed them that the defendants did not have
the expertise to develop the same. If the plaintiffs insisted, the defendants
had indicated they would outsource the homepage design, and this would result
in a higher price for the portal. The plaintiffs thereupon indicated they
would find their own designer, which eventually led to Connect's appointment.
Consequently, the plaintiffs knew as at the signing of the Agreement, that
PEX/the defendants would not be designing the custom-made user interface for
them. Hence, item 2.2 in Appendix B (relating to PEX's scope of works)
stated:-

The scope of the work however, does not include the following:

â€¢ _Home Page Contents and Graphic Design_

The scope does not include the contents of the website and the design of the
homepage of ww.legal.com.

The portal has a standard but configurable user interface for its commerce
engine. Pex shall configure the style-sheet i.e. the colour and theme of the
portal to suit ww.legal.com's theme.

Pex shall work with the ww.legal.com's home page designer and content provider
for integration with the portal.

**(b) the portal's launch**

47\. When the portal was launched on 21 September 2000, it did not mean that
the portal would be 'bug-free'. Michale referred to the Memorandum which
contained the following rider:-

Horizon does not warrant their software will be bug-free but a service level
agreement will be given to ww.legal.com Pte Ltd.

He said the standard software which the defendants used was configured to suit
the plaintiffs' legal requirements, based on input from Lim, as the defendants
did not have the domain knowledge.

48\. As an aside, Michale disagreed with Lim's claim that the Memorandum was
signed much later than 19 March 2000. If indeed it was signed in May 2000, he
wondered why all four (4) signatories made the same mistake with the date. As
at 21 September 2000 when the portal was delivered/launched, Michale said he
received no complaints from the plaintiffs nor did they raise the subject of
liquidated damages for late delivery.

**(c) lack of administrative facilities in forum/bulletin board and chatroom**

49\. Michale pointed out that the three (3) items came under the heading
_VALUE ADDED SERVICES SERVER_ under Schedule 1 of the Agreement. He understood
that to mean that the plaintiffs were not entitled to the special features
they demanded/expected. In any case, the software for the items was sourced by
him from third parties, which meant the defendants could not make any changes
thereon. Michale testified that in any case, those who wished to participate
in the chatroom have to be first registered. Chin added that the
forum/bulletin board did have a facility which enabled a system administrator
to locate and assess information in the database and remove unwanted postings.
However, the agreed standard software provided under the Agreement could not
organise messages posted on the bulletin board into categories or groups, nor
was it stipulated that it should do so. He opined that there was no reason why
private chatrooms could not be created although the defendants were not
contractually obliged to provide the same.

**(d) hosting of 4 th server**

50\. From the outset, the defendants agreed to host three (3) of the four (4)
servers, at $8,000/- per month plus GST, for the first year, as per Schedule 2
of the Agreement. The defendants never agreed to host the plaintiffs' Dell
server (which the plaintiffs purchased), for their Solicitec system, which was
not integrated with, the three (3) servers supplied by the defendants but, was
a stand-alone system. Indeed, when the 4th server was delivered by the vendor
_after_ the three (3) servers had gone into the defendants' data centre,
Michale told Chin to contact Wright to send the plaintiffs' staff to receive
it, which Wright did. Indeed, Wright took delivery personally.

51\. During cross-examination, counsel for the plaintiffs painstakingly took
Michale through the Power Point presentation which the plaintiffs had shown to
the defendants, as to what the plaintiffs required the portal to be able to
do. With respect, the Power Point presentation would be the plaintiffsâ€™ vision
of what they hoped to achieve by the portal, reality may be somewhat or
considerably, less. Certainly, the presentation cannot form part of the
defendants' contractual obligations as counsel sought to argue in the
plaintiffs' final submissions. Counsel also pounced on the fact that Michale
had acted temporarily as a project manager for the portal, notwithstanding his
lack of technical expertise. I accept Michale's explanation that during his
short stint as a project manager, there were no discussions on technical
details; this factor does not help to advance the plaintiffs' case. One
significant fact which did emerge from Michale's testimony was that the
defendants, as a matter of good faith, took the risk and produced a prototype
of the portal on 26 May 2000, even before the Agreement was signed by the
plaintiffs. Consequently, their counselâ€™s closing submission (para 117)
stating that the plaintiffs did not view any demonstration of what the portal
would look like or could do, is clearly erroneous.

52\. On the one hand, Michale insisted that the defendants' obligation was
only to provide a basic user interface. Counsel for the plaintiffs on the
other hand, asserted that his clientsâ€™ specific requirements for the same were
not met. Consequently he argued, the plaintiffs should not be charged
$300,000/- which included the cost of an user interface. In re-examination,
Michale revealed that the user interface which the plaintiffs ultimately
sourced/obtained from Connect was vastly different from the basic engine which
the defendants offered to provide.

**(e) the payment loop**

53\. Tay (who came into the picture during the 90 days warranty period after
the portal was launched) said the portal when launched had an existing payment
work flow which could conduct payment transactions. Indeed, he himself
subscribed to the portal in October 2000 and was able to navigate it to obtain
information. Tay was not cross-examined on this statement, either on the
extent to which he could navigate the portal and whether he encountered any
difficulties (as the plaintiffs alleged) or at all. Tay testified that in
February 2001, the plaintiffs commissioned a different payment work flow,
which the defendants configured (by 4 May 2001) _without additional charge_ ,
as discussed and agreed at a meeting on 21 January 2001 â€“ the defendants
agreed to do the work _in lieu of_ work under phase 5 of the project namely,
integration with government departments. Tay indicated that not only were the
defendants not obliged to carry out work under phase 5 but, the plaintiffs
should compensate them for cancelling that phase. He pointed out that Lim and
another representative of the plaintiffs (Visvanathan) subsequently
approved/accepted the changes made. Thereafter, what needed to be done was to
integrate the portal with the Solicitec case management system, which
responsibility was the plaintiffs'. To-date however, the plaintiffs had not
notified the defendants that the Solicitec system was ready for integration
with the portal. Chin reinforced his argument by referring to e-mail exchanged
between himself and the plaintiffs (Lim), before and after the portal's
launch.

54\. In re-examination, Tay clarified that integration with the Solicitec
system would have required 32 man days at $500-$1,500/- per man day or a total
cost of $16,000-$48,000/- He added that if integration work had proceeded, the
defendants would have charged for the same as a variation item since, work for
the revised payment loop was not invoiced. Tay denied that the portal could
not track the progress of cases; it could do so provided users updated their
cases on-line. However, if the problem was due to the fact that the Solicitec
system was not integrated with the portal, it was not the defendants' fault.

**(f) bugs in the system**

55\. 'Bugs' were only discovered in June 2001, after the work flow changes had
been effected and, the plaintiffs were conducting Live User Acceptance Tests.
The defendants attended to and cured the 'bugs' by September 2001. Indeed, the
defendants received an e-mail from Visvanathan on 6 September 2001
acknowledging that the 'bugs' had been attended to, without further
complaints.

**(g) no firewall protection for the servers**

56\. Although he acknowledged that the defendants had an obligation to secure
the plaintiffs' servers, Tay pointed out that having a firewall for the
servers was not as critical as for the database server, which the defendants
did provide. In any case, it was not the general practice to put a web server
behind a firewall as, it is only for reading purposes, unlike a database
server, which is also accessible for writing purposes. Further, at no time
(before these proceedings were commenced) did the plaintiffs make a specific
request that the defendants place their 4th server in the defendants' data
centre. Tay recalled that the 4th server was placed on the table for
convenient access by Wright whereas the other three (3) servers were placed in
the rack; he did not receive any request from Wright to place the 4th server
(which was connected to other three [3] servers) in the rack.

**(h) training of the plaintiffs' staff**

57\. Tay reiterated that the defendants were willing and able to provide
formal training to the plaintiffs' staff; to-date the plaintiffs had failed to
inform the defendants of the identities of the staff who had been selected for
such training. Consequently, the defendants could not make the necessary
arrangements.

**(i) manuals and documentation; management & co-ordination**

58\. Tay asserted that manuals and documentation were handed to the plaintiffs
on or about 8 January and 7 March, 2001 and, duly acknowledged. With those
documents, an information systems manager would have been able to maintain and
operate the portal. As far as Tay was aware, the defendants did not receive
any calls for assistance from the plaintiffs to maintain or operate the
portal. Similarly, on the plaintiffs' other complaint that the defendants
lacked co-ordination and management for the project, Tay deposed he received
no such complaints from the plaintiffs. He noted that the plaintiffs'
allegation (in the Further and Better Particulars they rendered of the
Statement of Claim) that:

(i) the defendants failed to inform them of the cause of problems, and

(ii) to provide solutions for unresolved problems

was not only vague but he wondered why the plaintiffs needed to know the
_cause_ of any problem (as opposed to the solution), which is highly
technical. On the plaintiffs' other complaint of frequent changes in the
defendants' contact persons, Tay pointed out that when he was appointed (in
November 2000), the portal was already launched and he took charge of the 90
days warranty period. Effectively, the defendants were only doing maintenance
work; the change of project managers from Gan Kim Leng to Torres Arifin Oey
(in April 2001) did not affect the portal's performance/maintenance. Chin
deposed that (after taking over from Tan) he personally received e-mail
praising his work, from Ong Ying Ping and Susan Tay before and after, the
launch of the portal, which would appear to contradict the plaintiffs'
allegation of lack of management. He himself handed over the project to Gan
Kim Leng on 21 December 2000, _after_ the warranty period had expired.

**(j) freezing of the e-mail**

59\. Tay was not aware of any periodical 'freezing' of the e-mail server. If
indeed there was this problem, it could be due to a software 'bug', the
presence of which did not constitute a breach of the Agreement. Personally, he
was not informed of any non-notification of requests for legal services after
he took charge.

**(k) claim for damages**

60\. Tay also criticised the plaintiffs' claim for damages; he noted that they
calculated liquidated damages without factoring in expenses. The plaintiffs
had further commissioned for work which was unnecessary and excessive,
examples being (i) a provision for administering viewing, adding, modifying
and deleting information in various sections of the portal and (ii) provision
for password protection (when it was already provided by the PEX system). He
criticised the variation items claimed by plaintiffs as inflated and
unreasonable.

61\. I shall not refer to Chin's cross-examination as nothing significant
turned thereon which had not already been elicited in the cross-examination of
the defendants' other witnesses. The common thread that emerged from the
testimony of all three (3) witnesses was, that the defendants had performed or
substantially performed their obligations under the Agreement, the plaintiffs'
allegations were unfounded and, their claims were unsubstantiated. Chin
pointed out that if any of the defendants' deliverables for the portal were
not agreed to by the plaintiffs, then the plaintiffs should have rejected
them, which they did not. In fact, the plaintiffs signified acceptance by
signing the User Acceptance Tests forms (albeit sometimes with qualifications
upon which the defendants followed up). In practice, each time a User
Acceptance Test was conducted, the plaintiffs had five (5) days within which
to raise their objections; they failed to do so. Chin said tests to evaluate
the system cannot be open-ended, there had to be finality and a deadline for
completion of the project, as he had emphasised to Wright, when they met on 11
September 2000 (see minutes at AB349).

62\. None of the defendants' witnesses were cross-examined on Lim's allegation
that the defendants had agreed to give 'discounts', nor on the issue of
integration with the Solicitec system or linking up with town councils.

**The issue**

63\. The main issue for determination is, did the defendants perform or
substantially perform the Agreement as they contended or, did they fail to
deliver the portal the plaintiffs contracted for, as the latter alleged? A
secondary issue for consideration is whether the defendants discharged their
obligations under the Service Agreement.

**The findings**

64\. Although he was called as a witness of fact, Lim's supplementary
affidavit of evidence (which I admitted as part of the evidence before the
court over the strenuous objections of defendants' counsel) expressed his
opinions freely, giving the distinct impression that he considered himself
somewhat of an expert on websites, despite his lack of previous experience of
portal developments. Indeed, Lim's supplementary affidavit did not address the
affidavit evidence of Tan, even though that purportedly was the basis upon
which counsel for the plaintiffs applied for its admission. I myself do not
equate Lim's 13 years' experience at the Singapore Bar and membership, of the
Law Society's information technology and electronic filing system sub-
committees, with the necessary expertise and authority to speak as an expert.
No properly qualified expert witness as such was called by the plaintiffs.
Indeed, the plaintiffs made no efforts even to call their technical man
(Wright) to testify or, to explain his absence, apart from Lim's cryptic
statement that he was no longer with the plaintiffs since December 2000 and
they could not locate him. Consequently, under the rule espoused in _Browne v
Dunn (1893)_ _6 R 67_ , the unchallenged testimony of the defendants'
witnesses, that Wright was responsible for placing the 4th server on the table
instead of in the rack with the defendants' three (3) servers, stands.

65\. Based on Lim's testimony under cross-examination, it is clear that a
number of other complaints of the plaintiffs were also not made out, in
addition to the defendants' alleged failure to secure the 4th server.

**(i) discounts**

66\. Apart from a bald assertion that he had asked the defendants for a
'discount' upon which Edward Leong did not commit the defendants, Lim produced
no evidence to substantiate his allegation. Indeed, I can safely assume that
this claim has been abandoned as it was not even addressed in the closing
submissions of the plaintiffs along with some other claims, which I shall deal
with below.

**(ii) payment loop**

67\. It is not disputed that the defendants did provide a payment loop for the
portal but, it was not the payment loop which the plaintiffs said they
desired, namely to be able to accept further payments from clients after the
initial payment of $80/- for basic advice. It is also common ground that
_after_ the portal was launched and _after_ the 90 days warranty period had
expired, the plaintiffs requested and the defendants provided, a revised
payment loop. What was the contractual obligation of the defendants in this
regard? For that, I turn to look at the Agreement.

68\. The relevant provisions are contained in the following clauses:

**7 Variations and Further Work**

7.1 Any variations or further work to be undertaken by Horizon pursuant to any
subsequent commission shall be jointly agreed between the parties and shall be
set out in a written proposal describing:

7.1.1 the nature of such work;

7.1.2 the time schedules pursuant to which such work will be undertaken and
completed;

7.1.3 the time and other resources which Horizon will devote to such work;

7.1.4 the amount and/or method of calculation of the fees of Horizon for such
work.

7.2. Further work shall be carried out on a time and materials basis and will
be charged at S$1,200.00 per man day plus out of pocket expenses.

Clearly, the plaintiffs were aware that work for the revised payment loop they
requested (by way of a Change Request Form dated 21 February 2001) was
chargeable as a variation, notwithstanding that the defendants agreed not to
invoice them, in substitution for phase 5 work. Consequently, it does not lie
in their mouths to now contend that the defendants did not provide them with
the contracted payment loop; they wanted features _added_ to what the
defendants had already installed in the system. This is apparent from the
original work flow chart appearing at AB308A, as compared with the amendments
Lim requested at AB308B.

69\. At this juncture, I need to digress and address some of the closing
submissions tendered by the plaintiffs. Their counsel had referred to cl 1.9
of the Agreement which defined the 'portal' as

_the world wide web portal to be developed by Horizon in accordance with the
legal specifications set out in Pex project plan and WW.Legal's site
requirements attached at Appendix B_

but he pointed out that appendix B was not attached to the Agreement. However
he argued, the defendants (Tan in particular) well knew from discussions with
Lim, of the plaintiffs' site requirements. He then referred to exhibit
**LSS-6** in Lim's affidavit and submitted that those site requirements are
not exhaustive â€“ it made no mention of _any_ requirement for an initial
payment of $80/- being made through the portal, even though the defendants did
not dispute the requirement and indeed provided for it. The plaintiffs'
argument however runs counter to cl 20.1 of the Agreement which states:

**20\. Entire Agreement**

This Agreement constitute the entire understanding between the parties
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and, save as may be expressly
referred to or referenced herein, supersedes all prior understandings with
respect thereto.

The plaintiffs cannot import into the document what was discussed or orally
agreed either before or after the Agreement, except where it was admitted by
the defendants or, it appeared from documents produced in court which
documents _do not contradict the terms_ in the Agreement, bearing in mind s
94(b) of the Evidence Act Cap 97. Consequently, I reject the plaintiffs'
submission that what the plaintiffs required is reflected in the initial Power
Point Presentation they made to the defendants, on which I have already
commented (para 51). Accordingly, this complaint is without merit.

**(iii) the user interface**

70\. It bears remembering that Connect, not the defendants, provided the
customised homepage _and_ the defendants had made it clear from the outset
(which the plaintiffs could not dispute) that they had no expertise in
developing custom-made user interface. Moreover, the design of the user
interface was specifically excluded from PEX's scope of works under cl 2.2
(para 46 _supra_) of the project plan. The dates of the plaintiffs' payment
vouchers to Connect (to which counsel for the defendants drew Lim's attention)
reinforces my finding that this complaint is attributable to Connect's works,
not the defendants'. In the absence of cogent evidence to link the alleged
deficiencies of the user interface to the defendants' scope of works, the
plaintiffs have failed to prove this complaint.

**(iv) failing to launch the portal on 18 September 2000**

71\. In the light of the minutes of the meeting dated 2 August 2000 wherein
his own partner (Ong Ying Ping) told the defendants the public launch would be
postponed to 21/22 September 2000, Lim can hardly complain that the launch was
delayed to 21 September 2000. In this regard, I totally reject Lim's less than
convincing explanation that there is a fine distinction (which he himself
could not make out) between _delivery_ and _launch_ dates.

**(v) no training for the plaintiffs' staff**

72\. In his testimony, Lim conceded that the plaintiffs did not furnish the
defendants with particulars of the staff selected for training, even though
the defendants were willing and able to carry out the task; this claim is
consequently dismissed.

**(vi) no link up with town councils and government departments**

73\. Like the preceding complaint, this allegation was admitted by Lim to be
due to the fault of the plaintiffs, not the defendants. It was the plaintiffs
themselves who were not ready to do the link-up due to the need to integrate
with the third party's Solicitec system, in which the defendants were not
involved. As the complaint was not addressed in the plaintiffs' final
submissions, I assume it has been abandoned.

**(vii) lack of administrative details in forum and bulletin board.**

74\. Apart from his oral testimony, Lim did not produce one iota of evidence
to support his contention that the forum and bulletin board should have as
'standard' features, the ability to ban/block out undesirable users/mail. He
could only point to one e-mail he had sent to the defendants dated 28
September 2000, which was a week _after_ the portal had been launched
containing the following items:

5\. Hub admin -- when can it be ready for use?

7\. Admin for chatroom & discussion board -- we need this to erase/kick out
the wrong type of comments etc - this should not require a RFC - understood as
needed.

which hardly suffices as evidence. Lim had also admitted (N/E19-20) that he
did not specify what requirements or specifications these items should have.
Even so, in his written testimony, Chin had deposed that the forum/bulletin
board had a facility which enabled a system administrator to locate and remove
unwanted postings. I find that the plaintiffs have not discharged their burden
of proof on a balance of probabilities for this complaint.

**(viii) the chatroom**

75\. As for the similar complaint on the chatroom, Lim had referred to the
plaintiffs' site requirements in his exhibit **LSS-6** which stated _chatroom:
private_ to reinforce his argument that only invited persons could be
participants. The defendants on the other hand (through Chin) countered by
arguing that they were not contractually obliged to provide private chatrooms
â€“ the forum, bulletin board and chatroom were value added features
incorporated not in the defendants' but in standard third partyâ€™s, software.
Nevertheless, private chatrooms could be created. However, I note that in his
e-mail dated 30 June 2000 to Lim on work flow and other matters, Tan had
referred to a private chatroom (see AB367) for the portal. Consequently, the
defendants knew and accepted, that the plaintiffs required a privacy feature
for the portal's chatroom but, failed to deliver what was specified. It is no
answer to the plaintiffs' complaint to say that private chatrooms can be
created, when it was not done. In this regard, I reject the defendants'
closing submission that the plaintiffs' complaint has no relation to the
chatroom in the aforesaid e-mail of Tan; I can see no difference.

**(ix) manuals and documentation; management and co-ordination**

76\. No evidence was adduced to support the plaintiffs' allegation of the
defendants' lack of management and co-ordination, apart from the incident of
the revised payment loop, which I had dealt with earlier. Indeed, the
voluminous exchanges of e-mails between the parties and the minutes of
meetings produced in court (by the plaintiffs), suggests the opposite. The
same comment applies to the alleged lack of manuals and documentation. These
allegations are therefore unsubstantiated.

**(x) hosting of the plaintiffs' 4 th server**

77\. This allegation is unsustainable in the light of the defendants'
testimony that they were not obliged to host the plaintiffs' Dell server which
they neither provided nor installed. As I informed Lim in the course of his
cross-examination (N/E33), he was also not in a position to contradict the
defendants' evidence that Wright placed that 'unsecured' server on the table
(instead of in the rack) for his own convenience, in the absence of Wright as
a witness.

**(xi) lack of firewall protection for the servers**

78\. I note that the defendants did not deny or challenge this allegation.
What Tay contended was, firewall protection was more critical for the database
server which the defendants did provide. Unfortunately, that explanation is no
answer or defence to the plaintiffs' allegation. The defendants were
contractually obliged but failed, to provide firewall protection for the
servers (3) they provided to the plaintiffs but not for the plaintiffs' 4th
server. The fact that the defendants agreed to host the 4th server gratis,
does not extend their contractual obligation to provide firewall protection to
that server.

**(xii) periodic freezing of the e-mail**

79\. It was the defendants' case (Tay's testimony) that they were unaware of
this problem. Certainly, there were no documents/correspondence emanating from
the plaintiffs/Lim to substantiate this complaint, before or after the public
launch. The defendants admitted that 'bugs' are not uncommon in software but
their presence did not constitute a breach of their obligation under the
Agreement; only rectification (if called for) was required. I accept the
defendants' contention, bearing in mind cl 4 of the Memorandum (para 47
_supra_) which specifically excluded any warranty that the defendants'
software would be bug-free. Moreover, under recital 4 of the Agreement, in the
event of inconsistency between the two documents, the terms of the Memorandum
would prevail. Indeed, it would be absurd and untenable for the IT industry if
the presence of 'bugs' in software can be said to render computer
systems/software defective.

**The decision**

80\. As is often the case with the best laid plans of mice and men, the
plaintiffs did not reckon with unforeseen circumstances that may and did
render, the portal being less than the resounding success they had
anticipated. Lim himself recognised (N/E 63) that the portal's projected
revenue may not materialise, for reasons totally unrelated to any default on
the part of the defendants. Although he rejected counsel's suggestion (N/E
64), I cannot ignore the fact that one possible reason for the portal's poor
showing may be due to law firms having misgivings about putting privileged
communication with their clients online, regardless of whatever safeguards
that may have been provided by the plaintiffs to preserve solicitor-client
confidentiality. There is a further possibility that law firms which initially
registered as users, may discontinue using the portal, in favour of more
conventional communication with their clients, after the initial contact on-
line. I also take judicial notice of two other (2) factors:

(i) the larger law firms in Singapore (as far as I am aware) show no
enthusiasm to offer their services online, presumably because they do not see
a need to generate business in that manner;

(ii) as reflected in their resistance to navigating the EFS system for court
hearings, there is an inherent reluctance or inability by senior/older members
of the Bar to use e-Commerce for their practice

which may well have affected the success of the portal. Although Lim claimed
that 115 law firms registered with the plaintiffs, he did not provide
information on the subscribers; the court was none the wiser on the profiles
and sizes of the law firms which used the portal. It would have been helpful
if a representative from a user law firm had given the court an objective
appraisal of the functioning of the portal. In this regard, I do not accept
Lim's testimony as being at all objective. I prefer the testimony of the
defendants' witnesses as being more consistent with the documents presented in
court. Unlike Lim, they did not change their positions midstream.

81. The overwhelming impression that emerged from the evidence adduced in court is, that the plaintiffs were looking for and came up with, excuses to avoid meeting their payment obligations to the defendants, when their directors/shareholders realised that the portal was not going to be a profitable enterprise I cannot overlook the fact that the plaintiffs signed various User Acceptance Tests which confirmed (under the Agreement) that the different phases (save for phase 5) of work for the portal carried out by the defendants had been completed and accepted. It would make nonsense of those tests if the plaintiffs are now allowed to renege on their acceptances by saying that the portal was not completed to their satisfaction or, had certain features missing therefrom, according to the shift in stance adopted by Lim in the course of his cross-examination. Once the portal was launched and the 'bugs' attended to by them during the 90 days warranty period, the defendants had discharged their obligations under the Agreement; they are entitled to be paid.

82\. However, the defendants breached the Agreement in failing to provide a
private chatroom and, breached the Service Agreement in not installing
firewall protection for their three (3) servers, notwithstanding that the
plaintiffs suffered no resultant loss. I therefore order the defendants to
rectify both shortcomings within 90 days of the date of this judgment;
otherwise there has to be an appropriate deduction in the sums which I award
to the defendants below. I hereby give the parties liberty to apply, in the
event there is any difficulty or problems encountered in implementing my
directions.

**Conclusion**

83\. The plaintiffs' claim for liquidated damages (which sums are highly
inflated) for the various breaches alleged against the defendants is
accordingly dismissed with costs. There shall be judgment for the defendants
on their counterclaim as follows:

(i) judgement in the balance sum of $117,843.75 for licensing/configuration
charges;

(ii) judgement in the sum of $82,400/- for hosting charges as at 21 June 2002
with further charges (if applicable) at $8,000/- per month (excluding GST at
3% up to 31 December 2002 and at 4% commencing from 1 January 2003) with
effect from July 2001;

(iii) judgement for transaction charges at 0.3% of the gross value of
transactions concluded on the portal and at 0.1% for terminated transactions;

(iv) contractual interest at 1% above the prime lending rate charged by DBS on
each instalment of $12,875/- due and outstanding, pursuant to cll 4.2 and 4.8
of the Agreement, and

(v) costs on a standard basis.

In relation to items (iii) and (iv) above, I also give the parties liberty to
apply once the defendants have quantified the sums.

Copyright Â© Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jan 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * Â©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

