Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Standard Chartered Bank v Elang Mas Enterprise Pte Ltd and Others  
[2003] SGHC 181

Case Number | : | OS 1541/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 August 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lee Eng Beng and Lynette Koh (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiffs; Tan Cheow Hung (Y F Tan & Co) for the first and second defendants; Vivian Chew (Assomull & Partners) for the third and fourth defendants   
Parties | : |  Standard Chartered Bank — Elang Mas Enterprise Pte Ltd; Omnilite Investment & Trading Pte Ltd; Mira Nathania Halim; Indah Nathania Tantio   
  
1 This was an appeal by the defendants against the decision of the Senior
Assistant Registrar Mr Toh Han Li given on 30 December 2002 when he ordered
amongst others the following:-

(a) the delivery by the first defendant and all others in occupation to the
plaintiffs of possession of two properties known as 9 Ardmore Park, #06-04,
Singapore 259945 (‘the first property’) and 9 Ardmore Park, #07-04, Singapore
259955 (‘the second property’); and

(b) there be payment by the defendants to the plaintiffs of the various sums
owed to the plaintiffs under the banking facilities granted to the first and
second defendants.

2 The defendants’ appeal against the said decision was heard by me and at the
end I dismissed the appeal with costs. My reasons now follow.

**_Background facts_**

3 The plaintiffs are one of the leading bankers in this part of this world.
The first and second defendants are and were, at all material times, customers
of the plaintiffs. The first defendants are the registered proprietors of the
said properties which were purchased for S$2,383,603 and S$2,409,869
respectively. The third and fourth defendants are the directors and
shareholders of the first and second defendants as well as of an Indonesian
tyre manufacturing company known as PT Elangperdana Tyre Industry. According
to the defendants, the first defendants were acquired for the purposes of
property investment in Singapore and the second defendants were the
procurement arm of the said PT Elangperdana Tyre Industry, for banking
facilities in Singapore. Part of the purchase price of the said properties was
funded through a facility (‘the first facility’) granted by the plaintiffs.

**_Term loan facilities_**

4 In this regard, the documents in relation to the said first facility - a
term loan - comprised: (a) a letter of offer dated 30 March 2000 from the
plaintiffs addressed to the first defendants; and (b) a subsequent letter of
offer dated 6 July 2000 from the plaintiffs also addressed to the first
defendants varying the terms contained in the first letter of offer. The
purport of the second letter was to restructure the earlier offer and to grant
additional facilities to the first defendants.

5 As the present dispute seemed to revolve around the litigants’ respective
rights and obligations, it would be necessary, at the outset, to make
reference to some of the salient terms of the said letters of offers
concerning the term loan facilities. Insofar as is material the first letter
of offer dated 30 March 2000 contained the following preamble and terms:

30 March 2000

…

Elang Mas Enterprise Pte Ltd

....

(Attn: Ms Indah Nathania Tantio)

…

FACILITY LETTER

Mortgage of

1) Blk 1 Ardmore Park #06-04 Singapore 259945 (‘The Property 1’)

2) Blk 1 Ardmore Park #07-04 Singapore 259945 (‘The Property 2’)

Standard Chartered Bank (“the Bank”) is pleased to confirm its willingness to
make available to you the banking facilities (“facilities”) outlined below,
**_subject to the terms and conditions below and in the Bank’s Standard Terms
and Conditions (Form No. 338-1198) attached, both of which are subject to
amendment from time to time at the Bank’s sole discretion_** , and to the
satisfactory completion of documentation. For the avoidance of doubt, in the
case of any inconsistency between this Facility Letter and the Standard Terms
and Conditions, the terms and conditions set forth herein shall prevail.
(Highlight added)

FACILITIES

Type of Facility: Term Loan

Loan Amount : USD2,774,000.00 (“Optional Currency”).

Tenure: 300 months from the date of first disbursement of the Term Loan.

Purpose: To solely finance the purchase of ‘The Property 1’ and ‘The Property
2’.

Interest rate: Interest at Bank’s SIBOR plus 2% per annum payable monthly in
arrears to the debit of your USD current account.

…

Repayment: Repayable in 299 equal monthly instalments (excluding interest) of
USD9,247.00 and a final instalment of USD9,147.00 (excluding interest).

…

SECURITY

The availability of the facilities offered herein is subject to your provision
of the following duly executed security documents in such form and substance
as are satisfactory to the Bank:-

First legal all monies mortgage/assignment on the “Property 1” in favour of
the Bank, the Bank having been satisfied that the ‘Property 1’ is good and
acceptable security in all respects. The ‘Property 1’ is to be registered in
the name of Elang Mas Enterprise Pte Ltd.

First legal all monies mortgage / assignment on the “Property 2” in favour of
the Bank, the Bank having been satisfied that the “Property 2” is good and
acceptable security in all respects. The ‘Property 2’ is to be registered in
the name of Elang Mas Enterprise Pte Ltd.

…

SPECIAL CONDITION

1) The aggregate Current Market Value (CMV) of the above mortgaged properties
must not be less than SGD9,000,000.00 at all times during the currency of the
Facilities.

…

Acceptance

If you are agreeable to the above terms and conditions, please confirm your
acceptance by signing and returning the duplicate copy of this Facility Letter
within fourteen (14) days from the date hereof, after which time our offer
will lapse unless an extension is requested for by you and agreed to by the
Bank.

We are pleased to make this offer of banking arrangements and look forward to
receiving your formal acceptance in due course.

…

6 The said offer and the terms stated in it were unconditionally accepted by
the first defendants.

7 The second letter of offer dated 6 July 2000 was, as I mentioned earlier,
for the purposes of restructuring the facility granted under the first letter
of offer. Under the second offer, the earlier term loan in the sum of
US$2,774,000 was restructured as Term Loan 1 for the sum of S$2,383,603 for
the first property and Term Loan 2 for the sum of S$2,409,869 for the second
property.

**_Overdraft and trade facilities_**

8 By a letter of offer dated 23 September 1999, the plaintiffs also granted
the second defendants overdraft facility of USD50,000 and a Trade facility of
USD200,000. By a letter of offer dated 3 April 2000, the plaintiffs increased
the Trade facility to USD1,400,000. By a letter dated 6 June 2000, the
plaintiffs incorporated additional terms to the letter of offer dated 3 April
2000. By a letter of offer dated 10 April 2001, the plaintiffs further
increased the Trade facility to USD2,000,000 with the overdraft facility of
USD50,000 covered within this limit (the second facility). The second facility
was subject to the terms and conditions stated in the letters of offer, which
said terms and conditions were duly accepted by the second defendants. Insofar
as is material, the following segments in the said letters of offers in
relation to the second facility require highlighting:

(a) LETTER DATED 23 SEPTEMBER 1999

Banking arrangements

Standard Chartered Bank (the “Bank”) is pleased to confirm its willingness _to
make available to Omnilite Investment & Trading Pte Ltd (the “Customer”) the
**uncommitted** banking facilities (the “Facilities”)_ outlined below on the
following terms and conditions, subject to the Bank’s Standard Terms and
Conditions, as set out in Form 338-1198 attached hereto, and to the
satisfactory completion of documentation:- (highlight and bold lettering
added)

Availability clause:

In accordance with normal banking practice, the Facilities are made available
**_solely at the discretion of the Bank and are subject to repayment on demand
by the Bank_**.

Without prejudice to this obligation of the Customer, the Facilities shall be
subject to review by the Bank from time to time.

(highlight and bold lettering added)

(b) LETTER OF OFFER DATED 3 APRIL 2000

Banking arrangements

(same as in letter dated 23 September 1999)

Security

Security for the above facilities and for facilities which may be extended by
the Bank to the Customer from time to time:-

1) Fresh Charge over cash deposits of USD250,000/- and SGD600,000/- in the
name of Indah Nathania Tantio held with the Bank.

2) Fresh second all monies mortgage over freehold residential properties
situated at Blk 1 #06-04 and 07-04, Ardmore Park in the name of Elang Mas
Enterprises Pte Ltd. Supporting Board Resolution to be held.

Fire Insurance policies covering the above properties for the full
reinstatement value with the Bank’s interest indicated thereon (including
mortgagee, non-cancellation and reinstatement value clauses) and premium paid
receipts are to be lodged with the Bank.

3) Fresh all monies guarantee to be signed under seal by the following
persons, subject to the Laws of Singapore:

Mira Nathania Halim

Indah Nathania Tantio

Conditions

1) The Customer is to maintain a minimum networth of SGD200,000/- at all times
during the currency of the Facilities.

(Networth is defined as the sum of balances in paid-up capital and retained
earnings but excluding revaluation reserves and intangible assets such as
debts owed by the directors of the Customer.)

2) The aggregate Current Market Value (CMV) of the above mortgaged properties
must not be less than SGD9,000,000/- at all times during the currency of the
Facilities.

The advance to both Elang Mas Enterprises Pte Ltd and the Customer must not
exceed at all times the combined sum of (i) USD deposits, (ii) 90% of the USD
equivalent of the SGD deposits and (iii) 70% of the USD equivalent of CMV of
the above mortgaged properties at the Bank’s prevailing exchange rate or
USD4,224,000/- whichever is lower. Otherwise additional (top-up) security
acceptable to the Bank are to be pledged to cover the shortfall or the limits
reduced accordingly.

Availability clause

(Same as in letter dated 23 September 1999 (_supra_)

(c) LETTER DATED 6 JUNE 2000

Banking Arrangements

We advise that the Facilities made available to the Customer shall continue in
force on the same terms and conditions as detailed in our Facility Letter
dated 03/04/2000 except for the amendment to Security No. 1) indicated below:

Security

1) Fresh registered charge over cash deposits of USD250,000/- and SGD600,000/-
in the name of the Customer to be held with the Bank. Supporting board
resolution to be held.

(d) LETTER DATED 10 APRIL 2001

Banking Arrangements

(same as in letter dated 23 September 1999 (_supra_)

Security

Security for the above Facilities and for facilities which may be extended by
the Bank to the Customer from time to time:-

1) Existing Charge over cash deposits of USD250,000/- and SGD600,000/- in the
name of Customer held with the Bank. …

2) Existing second all monies mortgage over freehold residential properties
situated at Blk 1 #06-04 and 07-04, Ardmore Park in the name of Elang Mas
Enterprises Pte Ltd. …

Fire Insurance policies covering the above properties for the full
reinstatement values with the Bank’s interest indicated thereon (including
mortgagees, non-cancellation and reinstatement value clauses) and premium paid
receipts are to be lodged with the Bank.

3) Existing all monies guarantee signed under seal by the following persons,
subject to the Laws of Singapore:

Mira Nathania Halim

Indah Nathania Tantio

Conditions

1) The Customer is to maintain a minimum networth of SGD200,000/- at all times
during the currency of the Facilities.

(Networth is defined as the sum of balances in paid-up capital and retained
earnings and reserves, less revaluation surplus and intangible assets such as
debts owed by the directors of the Customer).

2) The aggregate Current Market Value (CMV) of the above mortgaged properties
must not be less than SGD9,000,000/-. In the event of shortfall in (Current
Market Value) of the said properties, the Customer is to provide additional
security acceptable to the Bank.

(iv) Availability clause

(same as in letter dated 23 September 1999 (_supra_)

9 The standard conditions referred to in the facility letters and accepted by
the defendants contained amongst other things the following:

Condition 5(a):

If the market value of any security (including immovable property) falls below
what the Bank considers to be an adequate security margin, the Bank shall be
entitled, without prejudice to any other rights that the Bank may have, to
reduce the credit limits and/or withhold further disbursement; and/or to
require repayment of such amount as the Bank may specify including prepayment
of any loan and/or to require additional security to be furnished.

Condition 8(a):

All cost and expenses whatsoever including legal costs on a solicitor and
client basis, connected with the provision protection and realisation of
securities, and the processing implementation and recovery of moneys owing
under the facilities as well as the contesting of and involvement in any legal
proceedings of whatsoever nature by the Bank for the protection of or in
connection with any account(s) or assets of the Borrower shall be payable by
the Borrower on demand, on a full indemnity basis. …

**_Mortgages over the Properties_**

10 The Facilities were secured, amongst other things, by mortgages over the
said properties. By a mortgage dated 12 June 2002 and registered as I/90199Q
(the “first mortgage”), the first defendants mortgaged the said properties to
the plaintiffs as security as provided under the terms of the first mortgage.

11 By a second mortgage dated 12 June 2002 and registered as I/90200Q (the
"second mortgage"), the first defendants (as mortgagors) and the second
defendants (as borrowers) mortgaged the said properties to the plaintiffs as
security as provided under the terms of the second mortgage.

12 Under clauses 3 of the first mortgage and the second mortgage (collectively
referred to as the “mortgages”), the first and the second defendants agreed to
perform, observe and be bound by the covenants and conditions set forth in the
Memorandum of Mortgage filed in the Singapore Land Registry and numbered as MM
I/80616E.

13 Under the terms of the mortgages, the first and the second defendants
covenanted with the plaintiffs, amongst other things, as follows:

(a) To pay to the Mortgagee on demand or when due, all monies, obligations and
liabilities, whether present or future, actual or contingent, primary or
collateral which are now or may at any time hereafter be or become from time
to time due, payable or owing to the Mortgagee by the Mortgagor and/or the
Borrower, or incurred or assumed by the Mortgagee on behalf of or on account
of the Mortgagor and/or the Borrower, anywhere whether in or outside
Singapore, or in respect of which the Mortgagor and/or the Borrower may be or
become liable to the Mortgagee on the said Account anywhere … (para 1 of the
mortgage);

(b) Any demand for payment or any other notice under this security may be made
or given by any manager deputy manager accountant sub-accountant or secretary
or other officer for the time being of the Mortgagee or any person or firm for
the time being acting as Solicitor or Solicitors for the Mortgagee by letter
sent by registered post addressed to the Mortgagor and the Borrower or either
of them at their last recorded address or at their last known place of
business or abode and the provisions of section 55(3) of the Land Titles Act
(Cap 157) shall apply to every such demand or notice (paragraph 4(1) of MM
I/80616E);

(c) The power of sale and other powers conferred on Mortgagees by the Act
shall apply to this security but without the restrictions therein contained as
to giving notices or otherwise so that for the purpose of a sale of the
Mortgaged property or any part thereof under such statutory power the whole of
the moneys hereby secured shall notwithstanding anything herein contained be
deemed to be due immediately on the execution of these presents and the said
power of sale shall be exercisable after seven (7) days’ previous notice
requiring payment in lieu of the three (3) months’ notice required by the Act
and such notice requiring payment shall be in writing and the provisions of
section 55(3) of the Land Titles Act (Cap 157) shall apply thereto (paragraph
4(9)(a) of MM I/80616E); and

(d) A certificate signed by an officer of the Mortgagee or by the Mortgagee’s
solicitors as to the money or liability for the time being due or owing or
incurred to the Mortgagee from the Mortgagor or the Borrower or from any other
person liable to the Mortgagee under the Mortgage may be adduced by the
Mortgagee and shall in that case be accepted by the Mortgagor and the Borrower
as conclusive evidence that the balance or amount thereby appearing is due or
owing to the Mortgagee from the Mortgagor or the Borrower or the person liable
as aforesaid (para 4(26) of MMI/80616E).

**_The claim against the guarantors_**

14 By a letter of guarantee dated 7 April 2000, the third and the fourth
defendants (the “guarantors”) also jointly and severally guaranteed, to pay on
demand, all monies which were at any time due, payable or owing to the
plaintiffs by the first defendants with interest calculated at the bank’s
rate/s for the time being applicable in accordance with the plaintiffs’
prevailing practice, together with all fees, commissions and other bankers’
charges including legal costs and expenses on a full indemnity basis which the
Plaintiffs may incur, until full payment is received by the plaintiffs, in
relation to the first Facility.

15 By another letter of guarantee also dated 7 April 2000, the guarantors
similarly jointly and severally guaranteed, to pay on demand, all monies which
are at any time due, payable or owing to the plaintiffs by the second
defendants with interest calculated at the bank’s rate/s for the time being
applicable in accordance with the plaintiffs’ prevailing practice, together
with all fees, commissions and other bankers’ charges including legal costs
and expenses on a full indemnity basis which the plaintiffs may incur, until
full payment is received by the plaintiffs, in relation to the second
Facility.

16 The letters of guarantee (collectively referred to as the ‘guarantees’)
expressly provide, _inter alia_ , namely that:-

(i) A certificate signed by any officer or solicitor of the plaintiffs as to
any amount due at any time from the first or second defendants and/or the
third and fourth defendants to the plaintiffs in respect of the guarantees
(including the calculation of any amount of any interest payable) shall, in
any legal proceedings against the third and the fourth defendants, be
conclusive evidence of the indebtedness at such date of the first or second
defendants and/or the third and fourth defendants to the plaintiffs and shall
be binding on the guarantors…

(ii) The third and fourth defendants irrevocably and unconditionally undertake
to indemnify the Bank in full against all losses, damages, liabilities,
claims, costs and expenses whatsoever which the Bank may sustain or incur as a
result of or arising from the Bank’s advances, credit or financial
accommodation to the Customer as well as all legal costs as between solicitors
and clients and all other costs and disbursements incurred for or in
connection with demanding and enforcing payment of all monies guaranteed
hereunder or otherwise howsoever in enforcing this Guarantee and/or any of the
covenants, agreements, undertakings, stipulations, terms, conditions or
provisions of this Guarantee.

17 The plaintiffs averred that the first defendant defaulted in their payment
obligations. In this regard, it would appear that many an attempt by the
plaintiffs’ officers to contact the defendants was in vain. As a result, the
plaintiffs by their letter dated 11 July 2002 demanded from the first
defendants, within seven days from the date of the letter, payment of the
outstanding sums due and payable by them under the first facility together
with contractual interest thereon, banker’s charges, and all other applicable
dues. Insofar as is material, the relevant parts of the said letter addressed
to the first defendants, to the attention of Ms Indah Nathania Tanito read as
follows:

2\. Please be informed that the Bank has decided to terminate the banking
facilities granted to you with immediate effect.

3\. We are instructed by our clients that as at 8 July 2002, the sum of
USD2,504,403.90 (comprising both principal and interest) was due and payable
to our clients.

4\. We are further instructed to and do HEREBY DEMAND from you on behalf of
our clients, payment of the said sum of USD2,504,403.90 together with all
further contractual interest, banker’s charges, and all applicable dues, all
from 8 July 2002 to the date of full payment.

5\. TAKE NOTICE that unless payment of the said sum of USD2,504,403.90
together with all further contractual interest, banker’s charges, and all
applicable dues, all from 8 July 2002 to the date of full payment, is made to
our clients or to us as their solicitors within seven (7) days from the date
of this letter, our clients will have no other alternative but to take such
steps as they may deem necessary to protect their interests, without further
reference to you. We trust you will not render this course of action
necessary.

6\. Kindly also be informed that the Bank will proceed to exercise its right
of set-off against the credit balances of all accounts maintained by you with
the Bank to reduce the outstandings owed by you to the Bank.

18 There was no response whatsoever from the defendants. All the protests
started arriving only after the plaintiffs had applied for and obtained an
order for the delivery of possession of the said property pursuant to the
earlier order of court dated 30 December 2002.

19 The allegations by the defendants in the appeal before me was that the
plaintiffs had suddenly stopped all credit facilities to the second defendants
without any prior notice whatsoever in May 2002. The response to the said
allegation as contained in paras 8 to 16 of the affidavit of Jane Jan, a
business manager of their business financial services unit reads as follows:

… The 3rd and 4th Defendants have now further alleged that the Plaintiffs had
suddenly stopped all credit facilities to the 2nd Defendant without any prior
notice whatsoever in May 2002.

… It was clearly stipulated in the Letter of Offer dated 3 April 2000 (at
pages 42 to 46 of the first Affidavit of Chia Geok Ee, Evelyn filed on 25
October 2002) that the 2nd Defendant had to maintain a minimum networth of
S$200,000.00 at all times during the currency of the facilities and that the
aggregate Current Market Value of the above mortgaged properties must not be
less than S$9,000,000.00 at all times during the currency of the facilities.
Further, it was a condition that the advance to both the 1st and 2nd
Defendants must not exceed at all times the combined sum of (i) USD deposits;
(ii) 90% of the USD equivalent of the SGD deposits and (iii) 70% of the USD
equivalent of the Current Market Value of the mortgaged properties at the
Plaintiffs’ prevailing exchange rate or USD224,000.00, whichever is lower,
otherwise additional (top-up) security acceptable to the Plaintiffs are to be
pledged to cover the shortfall or the limits reduced accordingly. These
conditions were maintained when the credit limit of the 2nd Defendants’
account was increased from USD1,450,000.00 to USD2,000,000.00 on 10 April
2001.

… However, as at 15 March 2002, both conditions had been breached. The net
worth of the 2nd Defendant as at 31 December 2000 was only S$28,000.00.
Further, the aggregate Current Market Value of the mortgaged properties had
fallen to S$8.3 million, as valued by Colliers Jardine International Pte Ltd
on 17 January 2002. Also, the Plaintiffs had required that the 2nd Defendant
channel export proceeds to the plaintiffs. The 2nd Defendant was informed that
it would have to open an offshore account with the Plaintiffs for this
purpose. However, the 2nd Defendant failed to comply with this.

… The Plaintiffs became very concerned about their potential exposure given
that the abovestated conditions had been breached. Additionally, the existing
limit of USD2,000,000.00 was almost fully utilised with a total outstanding of
USD1,939,522.00 entirely in trade receipts. The Plaintiffs then wanted the 2nd
Defendant to decrease its outstanding back to USD1,450,000.00 by 31 May 2002.
The Plaintiffs then continued to monitor the situation closely. …

… On 18 April 2002, the Plaintiffs noted that there was no improvement in the
payment of the outstandings due by the 2nd Defendant. As the Plaintiffs had
breached the various conditions stated above, the Plaintiffs had no
alternative but to take measures to protect its interests in view of the
potential exposure of the Plaintiffs. Internally, the Plaintiffs decided that
they would reduce the credit limit of the facilities granted to the 2nd
Defendant to USD1,450,000.00 with the new conditions that the 2nd Defendant is
to maintain a positive networth at all times whilst the accommodation of the
facilities is in force and that the 3rd Defendant is not to dispose of two
properties without the Plaintiffs’ consent, namely, 60 Kim Seng Road, #16-07
Mirage Tower, Singapore 239426 and 9 Ardmore Park, #20-03, Singapore 259955. …

… I then proceeded to contact the 3rd and 4th Defendants to inform them of the
management’s decision. However, despite numerous attempts to contact the 3rd
and 4th Defendants, it appeared that they were either uncontactable or I was
informed that they were not in their Indonesian office. I also tried to
contact them via the 2nd Defendant in Singapore. However, each time I was
informed by one Ms Wong Sau Lin, a director of the 2nd Defendant, that she
could not get in touch with them and that she was not in a position to make
any decisions.

… On 3 May 2002, I managed to speak to the 4th Defendant and I informed her
about the management’s decision, as well as the reasons for the decision. This
was noted in an email from myself to Cynthia Tang, another officer of the
Plaintiffs, whereby I informed her that due to, amongst other things, the weak
financials of the 2nd Defendant, the credit group personnel had decided to
reduce the facilities to a fully secured basis i.e. to USD1,165,000.00 by
November 2002. In the meantime, any fresh transactions had to be fully backed
by cash. …

… The Plaintiffs then proceeded to send a revised Letter of Offer dated 7 May
2002 to the 2nd Defendant, informing it of the reduced credit limit of
USD1,450,000.00 as well as the new conditions which the Plaintiffs required. …

… On 16 July 2002, an Early Alert Report, which is a report prepared
internally by the Plaintiffs for accounts which need close monitoring in view
of the declining condition of the state of the accounts, was prepared in
respect of the 2nd Defendant. The report stated that both the 1st and 2nd
Defendants had defaulted on payment in respect of the facilities granted to
each of the two Defendants. It also stated that despite numerous attempts to
contact the 3rd and 4th Defendants on their handphones and through their
Singapore and Indonesian offices, they remained uncontactable. Further, it
stated that the 2nd Defendant was to reduce the outstandings to within
USD1,100,000.00 latest by 30 November 2002. …

20 An internal document of the plaintiffs with the heading ‘Early Alert
Report’ dated 16 July 2002 but apparently signed on 23 July 2002 sets out the
sequence of events in relation to the plaintiffs’ concerns and findings
contained the following:

1) Omnilite defaulted on payment of a LATR for USD65,530 & 4 IMLs totalling
USD103,375 in Jun 02. In addition, the Jun 02 instalment for 2 HLs granted to
related Elang Mas Enterprise PL (“Elang Mas”) were also in arrears.

2) The 2 promoters/guarantors (Indonesians) were uncontactable despite
numerous attempts by the BFM to reach them on their handphones, and through
their S’pore and Indonesia offices. The guarantors’ PB relationship manager
was also unable to get in touch with them.

3) While trying to establish contact with the guarantors, liens were placed on
all credit balances maintained by Omnilite, Elang Mas and the guarantors with
the Bank. Available funds in Omnilite’s and Elang Mas’ a/cs were applied
respectively towards settlement of past due bills and o/s HL instalments.

4) By early July 02, we understand from the co.’s local staff that both
salaries and rental have been owing.

5) On 11.07.02, legal demand letters were issued by Rajah & Tann to Omnilite,
Elang Mas and the guarantors. Subject letters informed of the Bank’s intention
to terminate banking facilities granted to Omnilite and Elang Mas, and
stipulated a 7-day grace period (expiring on 18.07.02), within which amounts
o/s from Omnilite and Elang Mas must be settled. Else, the Bank is entitled to
pursue further legal actions.

21 As it happened, nothing seemed to have moved the defendants to any action.
The result was that the plaintiffs proceeded to send the requisite notice
through their solicitors, pursuant to section 75 of the Land Titles Act
(Cap.157) of the plaintiffs’ intention to exercise their statutory power of
entry into possession of the said properties, upon expiration of one month
from the date of the said notice. What followed next was the plaintiffs’
application to court herein.

22 It was not in dispute that the application which was filed on 25 October
2002 came up for hearing for the fourth time on 30 December 2002. Even as of
that date, there was no affidavit from any of the defendants despite a
direction by the court for the defendants to file their affidavits by 2
December 2002. In the result, the Senior Assistant Registrar made an order in
terms of the application.

**_Arguments_**

23 On appeal, counsel for the defendants contended, amongst other things, that
(a) the plaintiffs had wrongfully terminated the housing loan and the credit
facilities; (b) in respect of the housing loan, which was for 300 months, the
defendants were not in default of any payments and as such the plaintiffs had
no right to terminate the said facilities; (c) even as regards the credit
facilities granted to the defendants, they were not in default of any payments
nor were they in breach of any conditions; and (d) the guarantees given by the
third and fourth defendants were tainted by undue influence on the part of the
plaintiffs.

24 Counsel for the defendants also mounted an attack on the Early Alert Report
of the plaintiffs. He suggested that the said report was made up. He
questioned how a report which was dated 16 July 2002 could bespeak of events
after that date. He contended that the plaintiffs’ averments as contained the
first affidavit of Jane Jan that the plaintiffs had made more than reasonable
attempts to inform the third and fourth defendants of the suspension of the
credit facilities were baseless.

25 Counsel for the defendant also questioned the correctness of the net worth
value of the second defendants as arrived at by the plaintiffs to be S$28,000.
In brief, his submission was that the plaintiffs’ conduct in recalling the
loans were in breach of both the express and implied terms of their engagement
and that there was an error in the figures submitted by the plaintiffs in
regard to the amount of the principal sum disbursed. It was also contended on
behalf of the defendants that the plaintiffs’ action for delivery of
possession of the mortgaged properties was not in compliance with the
requirements of Order 83 of the Rules of Court in that the plaintiffs had
failed to establish the circumstances under which the right of possession
arises.

**_Conclusion_**

26 The main contention by the defendants in this originating summons was that
the plaintiffs were unreasonable and precipitate in terminating the credit
facilities given to the defendants and that there was no justification
whatsoever for the recall of the said facilities. An immediate question was:
if it was in fact the situation and the defendants were indeed aggrieved by
the alleged sudden and unreasonable conduct on the part of the plaintiffs, why
did the defendants have to wait until the appeal was in train to come up with
their current allegations? Why didn’t they raise their grievances and protests
before the plaintiffs had applied to the court for delivery of possession of
the subject properties? In this, the defendants had not, in my view, come up
with any acceptable explanation.

27 The chronology of events set out in the written submission of the
plaintiffs’ counsel evinced to the court that apart from some procedural
objections to the forms of pleadings and mode of the commencement of this
action, no protests seemed to have been placed on record in relation to the
termination of the loan facilities, until 28 January 2003. In this regard, it
would be relevant to note that the facilities were recalled in early July
2002; the originating summons was filed on 25 October 2002; and the notice of
appointment to hear the said summons was given on 12 November 2002. Worse
still, even after the Senior Assistant Registrar gave directions to the
defendants’ solicitors to file the defendants’ affidavits, if any, by 2
December 2002, there was nothing forthcoming from the defendants. Even on 30
December 2002, when the Senior Assistant Registrar made the order herein,
there was no affidavit by the defendants concerning the alleged unreasonable
conduct on the part of the plaintiffs.

28 In my opinion, the inaction by the defendants evidently supported the
plaintiffs’ contention that the present allegations by the defendants that
they were the wronged party were artful and contrived belatedly to give a
semblance of respectability to the defendants’ present contentions, as had
been attempted by the third and fourth defendants in their affidavits.

29 Leaving aside the issue relating to the absence of promptitude on the part
of the defendants, the terms of facilities granted to the first and second
defendants seemed to stipulate that the facilities were at all times subject
to review from time to time and that they could be revised, reduced or
cancelled by the plaintiffs at their sole discretion without notice.
Proceeding further, it was also stated in the facility letters that the said
facilities were to be made available at the sole discretion of the plaintiffs
and had to be repaid on demand by the plaintiffs. Above all, there was also a
specific and unambiguous provision that the grant of the said banking
facilities was uncommitted. Given the phraseology of the facility letters,
there was very little basis for the defendants to say that the plaintiffs were
not entitled to terminate the facilities when they perceived that their
securities were threatened.

30 Reliance was placed by the defendants’ counsel to the Malaysian case of
**_Bank Bumiputra Malaysia Bhd Kuala Trengganu v Mae Perkayayuan Sdn Bhd &
Anor_** [1993] 2 CLJ 495. In that case, the court in Malaysia had decided that
the plaintiff bank was not entitled to recall the term loan until the end of
the term of the said facility. But in relation to the case before me, the
advent of the terms that the facilities were ‘uncommitted’ and could be
revised, reduced or cancelled by the plaintiffs at their ‘sole discretion
without notice’, clearly supported the plaintiffs’ contention that the
principles stated in the Bank Bumiputra case did not fit the situation at
hand. In my opinion, the unambiguous terms of the facility letters, solemnly
agreed and subscribed to by the parties, could not be watered down
unilaterally by one party. At any rate, the factual scenario narrated by the
plaintiffs’ business manager, Jane Jan, clearly justified their action. In my
evaluation, the plaintiffs did not terminate the facilities, willy-nilly, but
only after their numerous attempts to communicate with the defendants had
failed. The difficulties the defendants were complaining of now were brought
about not by any fault on the part of the plaintiffs but by the defendants
making themselves unavailable for reasons only known to them.

31 As regards the Early Alert Report, there was a trenchant criticism by the
defendants that this document was an afterthought. The criticism was that the
said Report contained references to future events; it was made after 11 July
2002 after the letters of demand were issued; and that it seemed to state that
the plaintiffs had only intended to terminate the facilities rather than they
had already done so. Having viewed the Report, what was clear was that
although the said Report was dated 16 July 2002, it was only signed off on 23
July 2002. As such, the Report not surprisingly recorded events which occurred
both before and after the letters of demand. In the circumstances, the
criticisms by the defendants were found by me to be of little value.

32 The defendants also contended that the statement of outstandings by the
plaintiffs was erroneous and that the plaintiffs had failed to prove that the
stipulated sums were due and payable. In my view, the arguments advanced on
behalf of the defendants were once again found to be unmeritorious. It is a
settled principle of law that a certificate issued by a bank under the
conclusive evidence clause was, in the absence of fraud or manifest error on
the face of the certificate, determinative of the amount due to the bank: (see
**_Dobbs v National Bank of Australasia Ltd_** (1935) 53 CLR 643: **_Bangkok
Bank Ltd Cheng Lip Kwong_** [1989] SLR 1154; and **_Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corporation Ltd v The Timekeeper Singapore Pte Ltd & Ors_** [1997] 2 SLR 526
at 542-I and 543-A).

33 The court was informed by the plaintiffs’ counsel that there was a small
discrepancy in the figures stated in the affidavit of one of their officers,
Chia Geok Ee Evelyn, filed on 25 October 2002. The amount stated as disbursed
or advanced in respect of Term Loan 1 was US$ 1,394,600.00 and in respect of
Term Loan 2 was US$ 1,379,400. But the amounts should be US$ 1,340,891.64 and
US$1,329,913.07 for Term Loans 1 and 2 respectively. However, the said errors
did not in any way change the quantum of the amounts owed by the defendants
since the final amount outstanding as claimed by the plaintiffs as at 25
October 2002 remained accurate i.e., US$ 1,241,542.79 and US$1,234,686.76 in
respect of Term Loans 1 and 2 respectively. Given the facts, it was clear that
there appeared to be no prejudice occasioned to the defendants.

34 As to the allegation of undue influence raised by the defendants, I must
say at the outset that apart from its very late arrival, the scenario painted
by the defendants also did not seem to lend much weight to their credibility.
It is a well-entrenched principle of law that a mere allegation is not
sufficient to found a defence of undue influence. It was held in **_Malaysian
French Bank Bhd v Abdullah bin Mohd Yusof & Ors_** [1991] 2 MLJ 475 that in
order to succeed in the defence of undue influence, the defendants had to
establish that the plaintiff was in a position to dominate the defendants’
will and thus obtained an unfair advantage by using that position. It was also
held by the House of Lords in **_National Westminster Bank Plc v Morgan_**
[1985] 1 AC 686:

… that the principle that justified the setting aside of a transaction on the
ground of undue influence was the victimisation of one party by the other, and
before a transaction could be set aside for undue influence, whether in
reliance on evidence or on the presumption of the exercise of undue influence,
it had to be shown that the transaction had been wrongful in that it had
constituted a manifest and unfair disadvantage to the person seeking to avoid
it;

35 The documents placed before the court were clearly indicative of the
feature that the third and fourth defendants had direct as well as indirect
benefits from the facilities granted to the first and second defendants. Apart
from it, the averments of the third defendant in her affidavit filed on 17
March 2003 and the meek echo of it in the fourth defendants’ affidavit of even
date, did not go anywhere near establishing the principles stated in
**_Malaysian French Bank_** as well as **_National Westminster Bank Plc_**
cases.

36 The other contention by the defendants that there was non-compliance with
Order 83 of the Rules of Court was also plainly unsustainable. The plaintiffs
had, in my opinion, provided the defendants with all the requisite particulars
and in any event, the conclusive evidence clause in the facility documents
precluded the defendants from arguing that they were not liable to the
plaintiffs for the amounts stated and that the statements of outstandings were
wrong.

37 There was also a contention by the defendants that the net worth valuation
done by the plaintiffs of the defendants was inaccurate and wrong. Having
regard to the fact that the plaintiffs had arrived at their valuation from the
financial statements provided by the defendants, here again I found the
arguments of the defendants to be devoid of merit.

38 I was mindful that in the case before me, there were allegations and
rebuttals by the parties by way of affidavits. The court’s approach to
conflicting evidence was laid down by Lord Diplock in the Privy Council case
in **_Eng Mee Yong & Ors v Letchumanan_** [1979] 2 MLJ 212 at 217 as follows:

Although in the normal way it is not appropriate for a judge to attempt to
resolve conflicts of evidence on affidavit, this does not mean that he is
bound to accept uncritically, as raising a dispute of fact which calls for
further investigation, every statement on an affidavit however equivocal,
lacking in precision, inconsistent with undisputed contemporary documents or
other statements by the same deponent, or inherently improbable in itself it
may be. In making such order on the application as he “may think just” the
judge is vested with a discretion which he must exercise judicially. It is for
him to determine in the first instance whether statements contained in
affidavits that are relied upon as raising a conflict of evidence upon a
relevant fact have sufficient _prima facie_ plausibility to merit further
investigation as to their truth. …

39 Although the defendants had mounted a concerted effort to raise a variety
of arguments with a view to clouding the real issue on appeal, having gone
through all the arguments and having regard to the express terms of the
facility letters as well as the defendants’ recalcitrancy including the
extraordinary delay on the part of the defendants to come up with their
purported defences which culminated in the order of court made on 30 December
2002 by the Senior Assistant Registrar, the conclusion that the defences now
presented were all ill-merited, was inevitable. In my view, the action taken
by the plaintiffs to protect their security was not unreasonable nor could it
be regarded as unconscionable.

40 In my opinion, the defendants had failed to establish any genuine defence
to the plaintiffs’ present claim nor did the defendants appear to have any
valid counter-claim against the plaintiffs. In the premises, the appeal by the
defendants against the decision of the Senior Assistant Registrar was
dismissed with costs on an indemnity basis.

_Order accordingly._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Aug 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

