Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Vignes s/o Mourthi v Public Prosecutor (No 2)  
[2003] SGHC 212

Case Number | : | Cr M 16/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  M Ravi (M Ravi & Co) for the applicant; Bala Reddy and Francis Ng (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Vignes s/o Mourthi — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – High court – Trial before High Court –
Alleged miscarriage of justice – Application for leave to order re-trial and
stay of death sentence pending hearing of application – Whether High Court has
jurisdiction to grant leave  
  

1 This was an application by Vignes s/o Mourthi for an order “that leave be
granted to the applicant to order that there be a re-trial of the applicant
and that the sentence of death passed on him be stayed pending the re-trial”.

2 The application was supported by an affidavit by Vignes’ Counsel Mr M Ravi
and came on for hearing on 12 September 2003 before me.

3 In his affidavit, Mr Ravi said he had been instructed on 10 September 2003
by Vignes’ father. The father had been referred to him by Mr J B Jeyaretnam
who had prepared an opinion for the father to send with the father’s petition
for clemency to the President. Mr Jeyaretnam’s view was that there was a real
possibility of a serious miscarriage of justice in the conviction of Vignes.
Mr Ravi said he had studied Mr Jeyaretnam’s opinion and discussed it with him
and he too was firmly of the view that a miscarriage of justice might in all
likelihood have resulted from the conviction of Vignes.

4 According to Mr Ravi’s affidavit, this risk of a miscarriage of justice
sprung from two courses adopted at the trial of Vignes before the High Court:

(i) The admission of documentary evidence not produced at the Preliminary
Inquiry and produced for the first time at the trial when the maker of the
document was called upon to testify.

This prevented Counsel for the applicant from taking full instructions from
the applicant and to direct questions to the maker of the document touching
upon the authencity (_sic_) and reliability of the document. There is a
serious question of the admissibility of the document which was not raised by
the applicant’s counsel. The Trial Judge relied heavily on that document to
support his findings of the guilt of the applicant.

(ii) The failure of the Trial Judge to accord the applicant an opportunity to
engage Counsel of his own choice when he applied to the Trial Judge to
discharge Counsel who was acting for him at the trial because of his
dissatisfaction with the way his case was presented and to appoint a new
Counsel. The Trial Judge refused to grant any adjournment of the trial to
enable the applicant to appoint another Counsel of his own choice. The result
was that the applicant’s case was not fully and exhaustively put before the
court.

The applicant was denied his constitutional right granted to him by Article
9(3) of the Constitution of Singapore.

5 Mr Ravi’s affidavit went on to assert that these two points were not
canvassed before the Court of Appeal.

6 It was not disputed that both Mr J B Jeyaretnam and Mr Ravi were not the
Counsel who represented Vignes before the High Court or the Court of Appeal.
Also, there was no suggestion that either of them had checked with the Counsel
who had represented Vignes before the Court of Appeal as to why these two
points were not canvassed before the Court of Appeal.

7 In any event, the application had a more serious obstacle. This was the
issue whether the High Court had the jurisdiction to grant the prayers sought.
Mr Ravi appeared to realise that it did not and that, at the very least, the
application should be made to the Court of Appeal. He then started to blame
the staff of the Supreme Court Registry. He claimed that when he initially
sought to file the papers for the application, their heading referred to the
Supreme Court. However, the Registry staff had told him that that was wrong
and so he filed them with the heading referring to the High Court. He did not
accept that the initial heading he had used was wrong.

8 In _Lim Choon Chye v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 135, the applicant who had been
sentenced to death had filed a criminal motion to seek leave to adduce fresh
evidence after his appeal against conviction and sentence had been dismissed
by the Court of Appeal.

9 Karthigesu JA, delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal said that as a
matter of procedure, once the Court of Appeal has rendered judgment in an
appeal heard by it, it is functus officio so far as that appeal is concerned.
He considered the application to be an attempt to have a second appeal and
said the Court of Appeal had no jurisdiction to allow yet another appeal.
However, this did not mean that the applicant had no further recourse or
remedy as he could petition for clemency to the President of the Republic of
Singapore.

10 In my view, those views should be seen in the context that Karthigesu JA
had observed that there was never any suggestion of any defect in the trial
below or in the appeal (see p 137 at D).

11 In _Abdullah bin A Rahman v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 129, the applicant was also
convicted and sentenced to death and his appeal to the Court of Appeal was
dismissed. However, he did petition for clemency to the President but this was
unsuccessful. The applicant purported to have learned new information three
days before the date of execution and he then applied to adduce fresh
evidence. In the circumstances, Chief Justice Yong Pung How, delivering the
judgment of the Court of Appeal, said that where the Court of Appeal had heard
and disposed of an appeal, it was functus officio. He also added that the
Court of Appeal would be acting ultra vires the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act if it were to assume jurisdiction on the application.

12 However, Yong CJ also said that even if the Court of Appeal were to assume
jurisdiction in which the applicant’s Counsel was then urging the Court to
recommend to the President clemency for the applicant, the Court was unable to
see what sort of recommendation it could possibly make.

13 In _Jabar v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 617, the application was to seek a stay of
execution on the death sentence and a declaration that it would be
unconstitutional and unlawful to execute the applicant in view of a prolonged
delay since the date of conviction.

14 Chief Justice Yong Pung How, delivering the judgment of the Court of
Appeal, said at p 631 to 632:

We are, however, of the view that once sentence is passed and the judicial
process is concluded, the jurisdiction of the court ends. Once the Court of
Appeal has disposed of the appeal against conviction and has confirmed the
sentence of death, it is functus officio as far as the execution of the
sentence is concerned. It is not possessed of power to order that the sentence
of death be stayed or commuted to a sentence of life imprisonment, especially
when the appellant was convicted of an offence which carried a mandatory
sentence of death. The power of commutation or remittance of sentence lies
only with the President, under s 8 of the Republic of Singapore Independence
Act:

(1) The President, as occasion shall arise, may, on the advice of the Cabinet
-

(a) grant a pardon to any accomplice in any offence who gives information
which leads to the conviction of the principal offender or any one of the
principal offenders, if more than one;

(b) grant to the offender convicted of any offence in any court in Singapore,
a pardon, free or subject to lawful conditions, or any reprieve or respite,
either indefinite or for such period as the President may think fit, of the
execution of any sentence pronounced on such offender; or

(c) remit the whole or any part of such sentence or of any penalty or
forfeiture.

Likewise, the power to order a stay of execution or respite of the sentence
lies exclusively with the President. It is solely the prerogative of the
President, to decide whether a delay in execution amounts to sufficient ground
to justify a commutation of sentence. It is clearly not part of the court’s
functions. It was on this ground alone that we dismissed the appeal.

15 As can be seen, the Court of Appeal did not say in _Jabar_ that only the
President had the power to order a stay of execution if an order for a re-
trial was made. Furthermore, it would probably be the case that if an order
for a re-trial was made, the death sentence would be set aside and hence an
order for a stay of execution would be academic. Neither did the Court of
Appeal say in _Jabar_ that it had no jurisdiction to grant a stay pending the
hearing of an application for a re-trial.

16 Accordingly, it was arguable that in the circumstances before me, the Court
of Appeal would have jurisdiction to order a re-trial and to order a stay of
execution pending the hearing of an application for a re-trial. If it did not
have the latter jurisdiction, then the applicant would have to petition to the
President for such a stay pending the hearing of the application for a re-
trial.

17 I would add that even if the Court of Appeal had the jurisdiction to order
a re-trial in the circumstances, this would not be a jurisdiction to allow the
applicant to re-litigate his appeal under the disguise of a miscarriage of
justice. I hasten to add that I am not saying that the allegations of a
miscarriage are a disguise as I have not ruled on the merits of the
allegations. Accordingly, the applicant would still have to satisfy the Court
of Appeal why there should be a re-trial.

18 In summary, I was of the view that as there had been a full trial before
the High Court, it was not for a different High Court judge to order the trial
High Court judge to re-try the matter, especially when the applicant’s appeal
to the Court of Appeal had been dismissed. Neither did the High Court have
jurisdiction to grant a stay of execution pending the hearing of an
application for a re-trial.

19 Hence, I dismissed the application before me.

_Application dismissed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

