Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Reemtsma Cigarttenfabriken GMBH v Hugo Boss AG (No 2)  
[2003] SGHC 205

Case Number | : | OM 600007/2002, 600008/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Low Chai Chong, Ian Fok and Catherine Lee (Rodyk & Davidson) for the applicants; Dedar Singh Gill and Paul Teo (Drew & Napier LLC) for respondents   
Parties | : |  Reemtsma Cigarttenfabriken GMBH — Hugo Boss AG   
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Revocation – Revocation of registration for non-
use – Whether "enuine use" of marks within statutory period – Grounds for
revocation under s 22 of the Trade Marks Act – Whether court retains
discretion to maintain mark on register – Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1999 Rev
Ed) s 22  
  

1 The Applicant, Reemtsma Cigarettenfabriken Gmbh, is in the business of the
manufacture and sale of cigarettes. The Respondent, Hugo Boss AG, is in the
business of design, manufacture and sale of high fashion menswear and other
luxury goods and is the proprietor of two registered marks in Singapore, the
subject matter of these proceedings. The registered marks are: (a) Trade Mark
no. T74/59825G “BOSS” for cigarettes in Class 34 and (b) Trade Mark no.
T87/05010G “HUGO BOSS” in respect of cigarettes, cigars, tobacco for
cigarettes, pipe tobacco, lighters and matches in Class 34. For convenience,
both registered marks are referred to collectively as the “Marks”.

2 The Applicant filed Originating Motion nos. 600007/2002 and 600008/2002 on 5
February 2002 to have the Marks removed for non-use pursuant to section
22(1)(a) and/or (b) of the Trade Marks Act (Cap.332). It is convenient at this
point to set out the provisions of section 22, so far as material.

“22. (1) The registration of a trade mark may be revoked on any of the
following grounds:

(a) that, within the period of 5 years following the date of completion of the
registration procedure, it has not been put to genuine use in the course of
trade in Singapore, by the proprietor or with his consent, in relation to the
goods or services for which it is registered, and there are no proper reasons
for non-use;

(b) that such use has been suspended for an uninterrupted period of 5 years,
and there are no proper reasons for non-use;

……

(2) For the purposes of subsection (1), use of a trade mark includes use in a
form differing in elements which do not alter the distinctive character of the
mark in the form in which it was registered, and use in Singapore includes
applying the trade mark to goods or materials for the labelling or packaging
of goods in Singapore solely for export purposes.

(3) The registration of a trade mark shall not be revoked on the ground
mentioned in paragraph (a) or (b) of subsection (1) if such use as is referred
to in that paragraph is commenced or resumed after the expiry of the 5 year
period and before the application for revocation is made.

(4) Any commencement or resumption of use referred to in subsection (3) after
the expiry of the 5 year period but within the period of 3 months before the
making of the application for revocation shall be disregarded unless
preparations for the commencement or resumption began before the proprietor
became aware that the application might be made.

….

(7) Where grounds for revocation exist in respect of only some of the goods or
services for which the trade mark is registered, revocation shall relate to
those goods or services only.

.… ”

3 The issues before me are:

(i) Was there “genuine use” of the Marks within the statutory period; and if
not, were there proper reasons for non-use;

(ii) Whether the Court has discretion to allow a mark to remain on the
register even though the grounds for revocation under section 22 of the Act
are made out; and if so, whether the Court should exercise its discretion in
this case to allow the Marks to remain.

(i) Was there “genuine use” of the Marks

4 The BOSS mark was registered in 1974. The HUGO BOSS mark was registered in
1987. The Originating Motions were filed on 5 February 2002. Another date to
note is the date three months prior to the date of the applications, namely 6
November 2001.

5 The Applicant submits that it has made out a prima facie case for the
removal of the Marks from the register. The Respondent contends, however, that
genuine use has been made of the Marks in Singapore in the five years ending
three months prior to the date of the applications for revocation under
section 22 of the Act. By section 105 of the Act, if a question arises as to
the use to which a registered trade mark has been put, it is for the
proprietor to show what use has been made of it.

6 Affidavits were filed by both sides. I shall begin with the Applicant’s. The
Applicant approached the issue of non-use by bringing forward general evidence
from the market to establish that no real use of the Marks in this country
could be found. Commercial Investigations was appointed by the Applicant to
conduct investigations in July 1999 and in November 2001. The chief
investigator, Philip Tan See Wei (“Tan”), in his affidavit of 5 February 2002
detailed the investigations carried out in Singapore and the results of the
investigations were that during the relevant period the Respondent had not
used in the course of trade the Marks.

7 Tan confirmed that in July 1999 his company received instructions from the
Applicant’s lawyers to determine whether the Marks had been used in Singapore
in respect of cigars and cigarettes during the previous five years. Ms Leo
Ying another experienced investigator was assigned the task as well.

8 The market investigations in Singapore covered a cross-section of the
tobacco trade between 6 and 7 July 1999. The investigators visited retail
outlets comprising provision shops, supermarkets, eating places, boutique
tobacco retail outlet dealing in cigars, cigarettes and other tobacco
products. They also visited Poh Trading, a local tobacco wholesaler, as well
as Bluebell Enterprise Pte Ltd who is a well-known and established distributor
of cigars, cigarettes and tobacco products. None of the investigators came
across at all these places cigars, cigarettes, tobacco for cigarettes, pipe
tobacco, lighters and matches bearing either the trade mark “BOSS” or “HUGO
BOSS”. All 96 interviewees also personally had never heard of “BOSS” or “HUGO
BOSS” being used on the relevant goods in Singapore.

9 In November 2001, Tan received instructions from the Applicant’s lawyers to
conduct another round of investigations to confirm that the Marks had not been
used after the first survey. The same survey as the first was carried out
between 6 November 2001 and 27 November 2001 with visits to the same outlets.
Commercial Investigations concluded that the Marks had not been used on the
relevant products in Singapore for five years prior to their first
investigation in 1999 nor thereafter up to the conclusion of the second
investigation in 2001.

10 Tan also deposed that his operative interviewed Alson Ng, an employee in a
HUGO BOSS franchised shop in Ngee Ann City. He was someone familiar with the
tobacco trade and he had not come across in Singapore the use of the Marks in
respect of the relevant goods in Singapore. John Kammermen, the Regional
Director of Imperial Tobacco (Asia) Pte Ltd filed an affidavit on behalf of
the Applicant. He stated categorically that for the past few years he had
visited “Hugo Boss” boutiques in Singapore but he has not seen “Boss” and/or
“Hugo Boss” brand cigars, tobacco products or smoker’s accessories on sale in
such boutiques.

11 The Respondent’s contention is that the Marks have been used on lighters
and cigars. As regards lighters, the Respondent relies on product catalogues
it would have sent from Germany to its franchisees worldwide, Singapore being
one of the countries. In the usual course of trade, the product catalogues
would be despatched before the start of each season. Customers using the order
forms provided are free to order products featured in these catalogues if the
items are not available on display. The Respondent exhibited in the affidavit
of its legal counsel, Judith Eckl, the following product catalogues: Hugo Boss
Collection 1998/1999, 1999/2000 and 2002/2003.

12 Ms Eckl said that featured in those catalogues were cigars, lighters and
other tobacco accessories. Her statement is, however, inaccurate insofar as
cigars are concerned. The Respondent later conceded that no pages on cigars
were shown in the product catalogues exhibited in Ms Eckl’s affidavit. Neither
were loose-leaf inserts on cigars added to the product catalogues.

13 The Respondent relies on one single act of use of the Marks for cigars.
There was a cigar sampling function that took place at an annual Hugo Boss
Asian Buyers’ Conference held in Singapore in November 1998. It has been said
that BOSS cigars were distributed during the Conference to introduce BOSS
cigars to all the buyers present for the purpose of attracting interest and
orders.

14 Counsel for the Applicant, Mr. Low Chai Chong, drew my attention to the
inadequacies of the Respondent’s affidavit evidence. Although Mr. Low accepts
that lighters are featured in the 1998/1999 and 1999/2000 catalogues, they do
not prove that lighters were sold in Singapore. Given the Hong Kong address
and telephone/fax numbers printed on the order forms, the catalogues appeared
to be for use in Hong Kong. There is no evidence that similar catalogues with
pricing of the merchandise in Singapore dollars as well as the local addresses
and telephone/fax numbers of the franchised shops in Singapore were despatched
to Singapore, the manner of despatch, whether the catalogues reached Singapore
or what was done with them. No explanation was proffered as to why the
Respondent had not produced the catalogues purportedly sent to Singapore. In
addition, printed on the order form is a statement that “Not every article is
available for all countries”. There is no evidence of what items listed on the
order form, in particular the lighters, were offered for sale in Singapore.

15 It is significant that if the items, in particular the lighters, in the
catalogues were offered for sale in Singapore, the Respondent would naturally
have adduced evidence of such sales but this was not done. Curiously, there
was no affidavit from its local franchisee, Kwang Sia Pte Ltd. The local
franchisee in my view would be the best person to refute the Applicant’s
accusation of non-use of the Marks in the course of trade in Singapore for the
goods in question. In the circumstances, this is an appropriate case for
adverse inference to be drawn against the Respondent. See s116(g) Evidence Act
(Cap.97).

16 There is also doubt as to whether the November 1998 event was a Buyer’s
Conference. The invoices submitted by the Respondent described the event as a
Fashion Show. Equally there is doubt as to whether or not it was BOSS cigars
that were introduced. The undated photograph of three men smoking cigars is
unhelpful. It does not show what brand of cigars they were smoking.

17 The alleged purpose of the cigar sampling function to attract interest and
orders is curious. It is said that the Respondent does not sell cigars but
licensed its trade marks to manufacturers. Ms Eckl deposed that the Statutory
Declaration of Harold Mock, the production manager of Tabak-Haus Dingelstadt
GmbH shows the supply of BOSS and HUGO BOSS cigars to the Respondent since
1998. Her testimony is not borne out by the Statutory Declaration. The
Statutory Declaration referred to “HUGO BOSS” Sumatra cigars and stated that
the Respondent did not produce or market cigars. His statement contradicts the
Respondent’s claim that it was involved in marketing cigars. In addition, the
production of HUGO BOSS cigars in 1998 was not for the account of Tabak-Haus.

18 Mr. Dedar Singh Gill, Counsel for the Respondent, argues that the
introduction of BOSS cigars at the cigar sampling function in November 1998
constitutes use of the Marks on “cigarettes” during the relevant date as well.
In an attempt to give a veneer of validity and credibility to this mischievous
argument that cigars are the same as cigarettes, Mr. Gill referred me to the
dictionary meaning of the word “cigarette” in a 1944 outdated edition of the
_Shorter Oxford English Dictionary on Historical Principles_. I have no
hesitation in rejecting his contention. They are commercially distinct items.
A “cigar” is a compact roll of tobacco-leaf for smoking whereas a “cigarette”
is a small cylinder of finely-cut tobacco rolled in paper for smoking. See
_Shorter Oxford English Dictionary on Historical Principles_ (5th ed, 2002).
Moreover, as Mr. Low rightly pointed out, the International Classification of
Goods and Services draws a distinction between cigars and cigarettes. The
Respondent’s own “HUGO BOSS” mark listed “cigar and “cigarettes” as separate
products.

19 It is said that though there is no evidence of actual sale, it does not
necessarily mean there is no use of the mark. However, in this case the
converse is probably true. The undeniable fact is that Ms Eckle admits that
there have been no sales of the goods in question in Singapore. And this is
very much due to non-use of the Marks in respect of the goods in question. Ms
Eckl in her affidavit deposed that sales of Hugo Boss cigars and smoker’s
accessories were not actively pursued in Singapore because of restrictions
over smoking and tobacco advertisements under the Smoking (Control of
Advertisements and Sale of Tobacco) Act (Cap. 309) and lack of active
enquiries from the Singapore franchisee (which was in turn probably due in
large part to the said legislation).

20 This is not even a marginal case. The Respondent’s evidence of actual use
of the Marks in relation to the goods is scanty and unsatisfactory. I have no
difficulty concluding that cigarettes under the “BOSS” mark and the relevant
goods under the “HUGO BOSS” mark have not been used at all in Singapore in the
five years ending three months prior to the date of the applications for
revocation under section 22 of the Act. The conclusion that I have reached
renders it unnecessary to examine the extent of use for the purpose of
determining “genuine use” in law.

21 I also need not say more about “proper reasons for non-use.” It is not the
Respondent’s case that there was non-use of the Marks and there were proper
reasons for non-use. Its case is that there was genuine use of the Marks
during the statutory period. It is also not a point taken by the Respondent in
its submissions.

(ii) Whether the Court has discretion to allow a mark to remain on the
register when grounds for revocation under section 22(1) have been established

22 The Respondent contends that on the true construction of section 22(1) of
the Act, the Court has a discretion to refuse the applications even if a case
for removal of the Marks from the register is made out. And in the
circumstances of the case, the discretion ought to be exercised by allowing
the registration of the Marks to continue.

23 Mr. Gill submits that Article 19 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects
of Intellectual Property Rights (“TRIPS”) is discretionary. And since section
22(1) was enacted to give effect to Article 19, the word “may’ in section
22(1) is intended to import a discretion. It follows that a similar discretion
must necessarily exist in the case of partial revocation. The word “shall” in
subsection (7) is to be interpreted as directory rather than mandatory.

24 Article 19 of TRIPS reads:

“If use is required to maintain a registration, the registration may be
cancelled only after an uninterrupted period of at least three years of non-
use, unless valid reasons based on the existence of obstacles to such use are
shown by the trademark owner.”

25 The position under English law is inconclusive. In _Invermont Trade Mark_
[1997] RPC 125, a discretion in section 46 of the Trade Mark Act 1994 (our
section 22) argued for by the Respondent was upheld. Other cases like _Zippo
TM_ [1999] RPC 173 and _Premier Brands UK v Typhoon Europe Ltd_ [2000] FSR 767
have held that there was no discretion.

26 In _Invermont_ , the hearing officer reached the conclusion that there was
no discretion in section 47, but could not see any reason to infer that the
same should apply to revocation in section 46. In _Zippo_ , the hearing
officer decided there was no residual discretion, largely due to section 46(5)
(partial revocation) being independently derived from Article 13 of the TM
Directive (which provides for similar treatment in cases of partial revocation
and invalidity). Neuberger J in _Premier Brands_ preferred the views of the
hearing officer in _Zippo_.

27 The editors of _Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks and Trade Names_ (13th ed) at
paragraphs 9-12 to 9-17 are of the view that no discretion exists. The House
of Lords in _Scandecor Development AB v Scandecor Marketing AB & others_
[2001] ETMR 74 have referred the question to the European Court of Justice.
The decision of the ECJ is still pending.

28 In my view, it is a question of construction of the particular statute what
the word “may” means. There are instances where the word “may” is regarded as
creating a discretion and in others an obligation.

29 The word “may” in section 22(1) of the Act empowers the Court (or
Registrar) to revoke a registration on any of the grounds specified. The Court
(or Registrar) is not obliged to make an order in every circumstance. Hence,
the empowering use of the word “may”. It cannot make an order, if the
requirements of section 22(1) are not satisfied. What the Court (or Registrar)
could do is to decline to make an order if it is not satisfied of the matters
in section 22(1). But once the requirements are satisfied, is there anything
in this subsection and any other part of the Act requiring the Court (or
Registrar) to exercise the power?

30 In my view, the Court (or Registrar) does not have discretion under section
22 to maintain a mark on the register when grounds for revocation have been
established, whether in relation to all, or some, of the goods for which it is
registered. Once the requirements are satisfied, the Court (or Registrar) is
obliged to exercise the power one way. Whether the subsection is proved or not
is a question of judgment not discretion. As Neuberger J in _Premier Brands_
said:

“.. [I]t does seem to me somewhat odd if the legislature has specifically
provided for no revocation in the event of there being good reason for the
non-use, but nonetheless has left the Court with a residual discretion,
particularly without giving any indication as to what factors should be taken
into account when exercising that discretion.” [p29]

31 There are significant pointers in favour of “may” meaning that, if any of
the grounds specified in the subsection (1) are satisfied, the power must be
exercised one way. They are:

(a) In this case the statutory power conferred on the Court (or Registrar) is
exhaustive in that registration may be revoked in no other than in four
specific grounds for revocation.

(b) Subsection (3) expressly covers the situation where there is no power to
revoke even if subsection (1)(a) or (b) is satisfied. It amounts to an
exhaustive statement of the position so far as relevant. There is thus no room
for discretion to operate.

(c) There is no “sweeping up” clause to accommodate other grounds.

(d) Subsection (7) is consistent with the absence of discretion. Once the
grounds are established in respect of some goods and not the rest, partial
revocation is to be ordered.

32 The conclusion could be tested in another way. Firstly, if there is some
unexpressed ground with which the Court (or Registrar) could consider, it
could only arise by implication as a matter of statutory construction. Section
22(1) states that a registered mark may be revoked on _the following grounds_
and four grounds are enumerated. An implication cannot properly be found that
goes against the express statement “ _the following grounds_ ”. The expressio
unius rule gives the word “may” in section 22(1) the meaning “may only”. Thus,
no provision could be implied to cut down the operation of the specific terms
of section 22.

33 Secondly, outside of the grounds specified, the Court (or Registrar) has no
power and hence no jurisdiction to remove or continue with a registered mark
for any other reason like public interest ground.

34 I would add that since the function of a trade mark is to give a proprietor
a monopoly when his trade mark is used, there should be no discretion to
retain the mark if the grounds are established. If such mark is not used or if
there is no intention to use it, it ought to be revoked. See _Philosophy Inc v
Ferretti Studio SRL_ [2002] EWCA Civ 921; _Imperial Group Limited v Phillip
Morris_ _and Co Ltd_ [1982] FSR 72; Neuberger J in _Premier Brands_ at 29.

35 Before I leave this point, I ought to touch on Mr. Gill’s submission (as
some time was spent on it) that I should allow the Marks to remain on the
register because the Applicant’s proposed marks are confusingly similar. His
rationale is that the Court could make use of this opportunity to stop the
Applicant whose intention is to register its mark once the Respondent’s Marks
are revoked. Attractive as it may sound in terms of time and costs savings,
the submission erroneously conflates two principles. It mixes up a revocation
application under section 22(1) with an opposition action, ignoring the fact
that the latter is based on entirely different grounds. At the same time, it
bypasses and short-circuits the process and procedures laid down for
registering a mark and an opposition hearing. This, of course, is not
permissible under the Act.

36 For all these reasons, I allow the Applicant’s applications with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

