Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## United Overseas Bank Limited v Victor F A Fernandez  
[2003] SGHC 246

Case Number | : | Bankruptcy Petition 2095/2003/A  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Victor Fernandez (in person); Low Yew Shen (Ng Chong & Hue LLC) for the creditors   
Parties | : |  United Overseas Bank Limited — Victor F A Fernandez   
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Petition – Appeal – Whether bankruptcy order
should be set aside – Whether bank had fully complied with provisions in
raising presumption that debtor was unable to pay debts-Bankruptcy Act (Cap
20) ss 62(a) and 65(3).  
  

_ The background _

1 United Overseas Bank Limited (the Bank) filed the above Bankruptcy Petition
(the Petition) against Victor Fernandez (the debtor) for the sum of $10,885.94
for credit card charges incurred by the debtor on his Visa credit card
account, on which the Bank had obtained default judgment on 20 December 2001
in the principal sum of $8.141.33. Interest on the principal sum calculated up
to 4 June 2003 totalled another $2,244.61, after taking into account part-
payments of $500/- made by the debtor between 27 January and 29 May, 2003.

2 After the Petition had been duly served on the debtor, the requisite
affidavit of non-satisfaction filed by the Bank on 9 July 2003 and one
adjournment (on 11 July 2003) of the hearing, the Petition came on for hearing
before the Assistant Registrar (Thian Yee Sze) on 25 July 2003. The debtor
appeared before the Assistant Registrar and when asked, admitted owing the
debt. Accordingly, the Assistant Registrar granted the bankruptcy order on the
Petition.

3 The debtor filed Registrar's Appeal No. 283 of 2003 (the Appeal) against and
applied for, the bankruptcy order to be set aside. I heard and dismissed the
Appeal. The debtor has now filed a notice of appeal (in Civil Appeal No. 96 of
2003) against my decision.

_The debtor's submissions_

4 Before me, the debtor essentially repeated what he had stated in his Notice
of Objections to the Petition (filed on 7 July 2003). He argued that all that
he needed was more time and he would be able to discharge all his debts,
including the judgment sum owed to the Bank. He wanted the Bank as his other
creditors had done, to wait until he received his CPF savings when he turned
55 years of age on 5 December 2003. The debtor acknowledged (as I had pointed
out to him) that the Bank had no legal right to his CPF savings; nevertheless
he said he intended to use those savings when received, to discharge his
debts. He had given a written commitment to do so and the Bank should not have
questioned his integrity and proceeded with the Petition, which would serve no
useful purpose to either party.

5 The debtor pointed out that the Bank's claim was the smallest debt he owed
(out of a total of $70,000) compared to what he owed three (3) other banks.
His other creditors had agreed to give him time to pay and it was unreasonable
of the Bank not to similarly give him time. He complained he would be giving
the Bank an unfair advantage if he were to pay them now in preference to his
other creditors. He submitted that technically he was not insolvent.

6 In his Notice of Objections, the debtor stated he had been unemployed since
December 2000. He added he had no other assets apart from his CPF savings. He
stated he was a certified public/chartered accountant and intended to focus on
"_professional income seeking activities_ " once he had settled with his
creditors. In the interim, he offered to pay the Bank monthly instalments of
$100/- each until 22 December 2003.

7 The debtor also relied on s 65(3) of the Bankruptcy Act Cap 20 (the Act)
which states:

In determining for the purpose of subsection (2)(c) whether the debtor is able
to pay all his debts, the court shall take into account his contingent and
prospective liabilities.

He further relied on _Re Boey Hong Khim_ [1998] 3 SLR 39 and extracts from the
textbook _Law & Practice of Bankruptcy in Singapore and Malaysia_.

_The decision_

8 I dismissed the debtor's submissions and consequently the Appeal. There were
no merits to his arguments. Nothing in the circumstances of the debtor's case
warranted that I should exercise my discretion in his favour and rescind the
bankruptcy order which had been properly obtained by the Bank.

9 First, s 65(3) of the Act which the debtor relied on had no application
whatsoever as it referred to contingent _liabilities_ not contingent _assets_.
He had argued that the court should equally take into account contingent
assets if contingent liabilities are considered. I had pointed out to him
there was no such provision to that effect in the Act. Just because his other
creditors (so he claimed) had agreed to do so did not mean that the Bank was
obliged to accept his proposal to pay in four (4) months' time, upon receipt
of his CPF savings.

10 It was also noteworthy that apart from his bare statements, the debtor did
not tender any documentary evidence to support the amount ($250,000/-) of CPF
savings he claimed he would be withdrawing in December 2003, and would use to
discharge his debts. Indeed, there was not even evidence he would turn 55
years of age that month. Neither did the debtor produce evidence to support
his contention that other bank creditors had agreed to give him time until
December 2003 to discharge their claims; there was no evidence either that his
debts totalled $76,000/-.

11 I was sceptical of his proposal to pay $100/- per month to the Bank before
22 December 2003, in the light of his unemployed status, his lack of any other
source of income, and his admission he had no assets other than his CPF
savings. In addition, counsel for the Bank informed the court that in the
past, the debtor had been given time to pay but, he failed to abide by his
instalment payments even when the proposal was only for him to pay $200/- per
month for 6 months. The debtor had also written to the bank's solicitors on 26
February 2003 to say he was financially unable to pay for the time being.
Consequently, he could not rely on the following paragraph (at p 82) from the
textbook _Law & Practice of Bankruptcy in Malaysia and Singapore_:-

The fact that a bankruptcy petition reflects the debtor's inability to pay
does not automatically lead to bankruptcy. The presumption under section 62 is
rebuttable and section 65(2)(c) states that the court may dismiss the
bankruptcy petition if satisfied that the debtor is able to pay all his debts.
Further, the court has the discretion to adjourn bankruptcy proceedings to
give the debtor a reasonable time to settle his debts owing to the petitioning
creditor.

as he had provided no basis whatsoever for the court to exercise any
discretion in his favour, by adjourning or dismissing the Petition.

12 The debtor's citation of holdings 2 and 3 in _Re Boey Hong Khim ex-parte
Medical Equipment Credit Pte Ltd_ were equally misconceived; this can be seen
from the headnotes of the case (up to holding no. 3) which read as follows:-

The appellant creditors presented a petition against the respondent debtor
(and another petition against the wife of the debtor, as a guarantor of the
debtor) following the breakdown of a voluntary arrangement which the debtor
had entered into with the creditors.

The petition alleged that the debtor had failed to comply with their
obligations under the voluntary arrangement in that he (a) no longer intended
to sell the property; (b) disputed and no longer intended to pay in full the
debts due and owing to the petitioning creditors; (c) was making or intended
to make individual arrangements with some or all of his creditors.

The petition was not served on the debtor despite the respondent’s solicitors'
request. The petitioner's solicitors had advisedly refused to do so as they
took the view that it was not necessary to serve a petition founded, as they
contended, on a failure to comply with a voluntary arrangement. The
respondent, though not served, filed under protest a notice of objection. Both
the petitions were dismissed by the Assistant Registrar. The appellant
creditors appealed.

Held, dismissing the appeals:-

(1) It was clear on the fact of the petition that the petitioning creditors
had merely reproduced word for word the conditions for the presentation of a
petition set out in s 60 (relating to domicile and place of business) and s 61
(relating to debt and the debtor's inability to pay the debt) of the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20) and stated that the conditions had not been satisfied.
No effort had been made to relate these general statutory provisions to the
facts of the case. The most glaring example was in relation to the amount of
the debt. The amount alleged to be owing was not stated, let alone the other
details required by r 101 of the Bankruptcy Rules 1995. The petitioning
creditors had also not explained how ss 60 and 61 had been satisfied as they
were clearly required to do by r 104;

(2) Inability to pay debts was a fundamental requirement for the presentation
of a bankruptcy petition……It was therefore incumbent on the creditor in a
creditor's petition to support his allegation that the debtor was unable to
pay his debts……

(3) The petitioning creditor could not therefore short-circuit the requirement
of proof of inability to pay debts by a bare allegation. This was precisely
what the petitioning creditors have done in this case. They have not relied on
the debtor's inability to pay the debt……

The creditors' appeals against Khoo J's decision were dismissed by the Court
of Appeal (see _Medical Equipment Credit Pte Ltd v Sim Kiok Lan Alice & Anor
Appeal_ [1999] 1 SLR 70).

13 It was clear from the above headnotes that the Petition of the Bank did not
suffer from any of the deficiencies of the petitions presented by the
creditors against Dr Boey and his wife in Bankruptcy Nos. 1644 and 1645 of
1997 respectively. The Bank had fully complied with the provisions of the Act
in particular, in raising the presumption under s 62(a) that the debtor was
unable to pay his debts. The section states:

For the purposes of a creditor's petition, a debtor shall, until he proves to
the contrary, be presumed to be unable to pay any debt within the meaning of
section 61(1)(c) if the debt is immediately payable and -

(a) (i) the petitioning creditor to whom the debt is owed has served on him in
the prescribed manner, a statutory demand;

(ii) at least 21 days have elapsed since the statutory demand was served: and

(iii) the debtor has neither complied with it nor applied to the court to set
it aside.

14 The Bank further stated in the Petition that there had been compliance with
s 62 of the Act in that, the statutory demand was served on the debtor on 29
March 2003, 21 days had lapsed since that day, the debtor had neither complied
with the statutory demand nor set it aside, no application to set it aside was
outstanding and, there was no stay of execution in respect of the judgment
sum. The Petition complied with r 101 of the Bankruptcy Rules (2002 ed) by
identifying and setting out full particulars of the judgment debt, including
the computation of interest.

15 Another extract from _Law & Practice of Bankruptcy in Singapore and
Malaysia_ which the debtor relied on could not assist him. He had relied on
this passage (at p 82):

The inability of the debtor to pay his debts 'may be proved by reference to
the assets and liabilities of the debtor'. In practice, however, it would
often be far easier to prove his inability to pay by relying on a presumption
since matters relating to the asset and liability position of the debtor are
often matters primarily within the knowledge of the debtor.

The above extract cited Khoo J's as well as the Court of Appeal's decisions in
_Boey Hong Khim's_ case, for the meaning of inability to pay debts under s 62
of the Act. However, in the light of his admission of liability (before the
Assistant Registrar on 25 July 2003) for the debt stated in the Petition and
his proposal to pay the same towards the year end, it did not lie in the
debtor's mouth to dispute his liability, nor could he rebut the presumption
that he was unable to pay, under s 62 of the Act. Equally, it was too late in
the day for him to contest the rate of interest (at 2% per month or 24% per
annum) charged by the Bank on the original outstanding debt. Had he checked
the terms and conditions set out in his agreement with the Bank at the time
the Visa credit card was issued to him, the debtor would have known that it
was the agreed contractual rate.

16 Consequently, I was unable to accept the debtor's argument relying on _Boey
Hong Khim's_ case, that the Bank had not proved the debt as well as, his
inability to pay the same. Hence, I dismissed the Appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

