Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## American Express Bank Ltd v Abdul Manaff bin Ahmad and Another and Other
Appeals  
[2003] SGHC 256

Case Number | : | MC Suit 24159/2002, RAS 11/2003, MC Suit 4707/1999, RAS 600001/2003, MC Suit 37125/2002, RAS 12/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Shanker Kumar (Yeo-Leong & Peh LLC) for the appellant/judgment creditors, American Express Bank Ltd; Fan Kin Ning and Melvin Tan (WLAW LLC) for the appellant/judgment creditors, Standard Chartered Bank Ltd; Kanan Ramesh (Tan Kok Quan & Partnership) for the appellant/judgment creditors, United Overseas Bank Ltd   
Parties | : |  American Express Bank Ltd — Abdul Manaff bin Ahmad; M.O.L. Logistics (Singapore) Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Enforcement – Garnishee orders –
Whether wages or salary of judgment debtor exempted from garnishment – Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) s 13(c)  
  
Words and Phrases – "Writ of seizure and sale" – Whether in substance same as
garnishment – Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) s 13  
  

Three judgment creditors, which are banks operating in Singapore, have filed
these three appeals. They raise the common question, whether ‘salaries and
wages’ may be garnished by judgment creditors. The Deputy Registrar of the
Subordinate Courts, Mr Earnest Lau, refused their applications to garnish the
salary of the judgment debtors to satisfy the judgments they had obtained.

2 They appealed to the District Judge, Mr Jeffrey Sim. At the conclusion of
the hearing of the appeals, the District Judge agreed with the Deputy
Registrar and dismissed the appeals.

3 They held that on the proper construction of s 13(c) of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act, Chapter 322 (“SCJA”), it exempts the wages and salaries of a
judgment debtor from garnishment. They adopted a purposive interpretation to s
13(c), having concluded that Parliament had always regarded a writ of seizure
and sale as a generic term encompassing all modes of seizing the property of a
judgment debtor, including the garnishment of his wages or salary. In their
view, this was the law before the SCJA was passed in 1969 and is still the
law. They have delivered comprehensive judgments in writing and, with respect,
they repay careful study for the scope of coverage of the pre-section 13(c)
SCJA legal history relating to the process of execution on judgments, in
general, and in relation to the writ of seizure and sale and garnishment, in
particular, and also for their masterful analysis.

4 Not satisfied with the concurrent rulings, the three banks lodged their
appeals to the High Court. Counsel for the three banks made their submissions.
The judgment debtors were not represented. For the reasons which follow, I
agree with concurrent rulings below.

**The proper construction of s 13(c) SCJA**

5 I can conveniently start with the Civil Procedure Code 1907 (“CPC 1907”),
which came into operation on 1 April 1908: see section 1 thereof. Chapter XXIX
of the CPC 1907 dealt with “WRITS OF EXECUTION” generally, under which the
first part dealt with the “Writ of Seizure and Sale”. This section described
the kinds of property (including debts) which could be seized under a writ of
seizure and sale and the exemptions.

6 Section 617 may be properly traced and described as the genesis of section
13 SCJA. Section 617 provided as follows:-

“ 617.-(1) The following property is liable to be seized under a writ of
seizure and sale, viz.;-lands, houses, goods, money, Government and bank
notes, cheques, bills of exchange, promissory notes, Government and Municipal
Securities, bonds, or other securities for money, shares in the capital or
joint stock or debentures of any public Company or Corporation, debts, and
except as hereinafter mentioned, all other saleable property, moveable or
immoveable, belonging to the judgment debtor, or over which, or the profits of
which, he has a disposing power, which he may exercise for his own benefit,
and whether the same is held in the name of the judgment debtor, or by other
person in trust for him, or on his behalf.

(2) The following property is not liable to seizure under such writ, viz.:-

…

(b) the wages or salary of the judgment debtor;

…”.

7 So far as the word “writ” in sub-s (2) of s 617 of the Civil Procedure Code
1907 is concerned, three pointers may be noted at this stage. First, it
obviously referred to the writ of seizure and sale mentioned in the preceding
sub-section. Secondly, the plain and natural English meaning of a “writ” is,
in simple, modern terms an order or direction of a court of law. Thirdly, this
plain and natural meaning of the word “writ” is consistent with the usage of
the word in s 569 of the Civil Procedure Code 1907. That section set out the
different “modes” by which judgments and orders might be enforced. A judgment
for the recovery of money might be enforced by a writ of seizure and sale: see
s 569(1)(i)(a). If it was for delivery of possession of land (later amended to
immovable property) the mode was by a writ of possession: see sub-para (ii).
For the recovery of money, it would be by a writ of attachment.

8 Section 617(2)(b) of the CPC 1907 was new and prevented wages and salaries
from being garnished.

9 The regulation of all civil justice matters in Singapore, then a colony,
immediately prior to the coming into operation of the CPC 1907 should now be
recalled. They were regulated by the Civil Procedure Ordinance, 1878
(Ordinance 5 of 1878) together with the Courts Ordinance 1878 (Ordinance 3 of
1878) and the Civil Law Ordinance (Ordinance 4 of 1878). The Civil Procedure
Ordinance 1878, which came into operation on 1 January 1879, provided for
execution of a money judgment by garnishment, that is, by the attachment of
personal property (including choses in action) in the hands of a third party.

10 Section 407 of the Civil Procedure Ordinance 1878 provided as follows:

“407. Where the judgment-debtor is beneficially interested in any moneys,
securities or money, goods, chattels or other property or rights of claims
whatsoever, in the custody or under the control of or against any other person
within the Colony, or where such other person (hereinafter called the
Garnishee) is indebted to the defendant, the Sheriff, in executing a writ of
seizure and sale, shall seize the same, by giving notice in writing, in the
prescribed form, to the garnishee, which notice shall bind the property of the
judgment-debtor in the hands of such garnishee, as hereinafter mentioned, in
satisfaction of the decree.”

11 In the context of the Civil Procedure Ordinance 1878, I need only consider
the decision of Wood, A.C.J. in _MPLA Peyna Carpen Chitty v Max. J. D’Souza_
[1892] 1 SSLR 64. It was succinctly stated in the short judgment as follows:
“(o)n the supposition that the wages of the clerk are his sole means of
living, I think that the salary of such a clerk is not attachable taking into
consideration the provisions of the Ordinance (i.e. the Civil Procedure
Ordinance 1878 as to the examination of Judgment Debtors and the power given
to order payment of the debt by instalment, provisions which in my judgment
point to the policy of the law in not permitting a man to be stripped of all
means of livelihood and entirely pauperised.” It was implicitly accepted by
the Chief Justice that attachment of a debt was the same as ‘seizure’ of a
debt.

12 I now trace the legislative manifestation of ss 617 to 639 of the Civil
Procedure Code 1907 which, by 1934, had become a substantial amalgam of
substantive law and procedure.

13 Section 617 of the CPC 1907 was consolidated as s 13 of the Courts
Ordinance 1934, in which substantive law relating to the courts was enacted.
It provided as follows:-

“13.- (1) A judgment of the High Court for the payment of money to any person
or into Court, may be enforced by a writ, to be called a writ of seizure and
sale, under which all the property, moveable or immoveable, of whatever
description, of a judgment debtor may be seized except -

…..

…..

(c) the wages or salary of the judgment debtor; …”

14 Sections 618 to 639 of the CPC 1907, which covered matters of procedure,
were consolidated in subsidiary legislation to the Courts Ordinance 1934 as
Order 41 of the Civil Procedure Rules of Supreme Court 1934. The rules under
Order 41 provided the mode and procedure for attaching the property of the
judgment debtor in the hands of a third party. They, however, did not confer
new rights to attach property not liable to seizure under the parent
legislation.

15 The relevant parent legislation underwent several consolidations. The
Courts Ordinance of 1934 was replaced by the Courts Ordinance 1955. Later,
those provisions in the Courts Ordinance 1955 relating to superior courts were
consolidated into the Courts of Judicature Act 1964. The Courts of Judicature
Act, 1964 was later consolidated by the Supreme Court of Judicature Act 1969.
In the meantime, the provisions in the Courts Ordinance 1955 relating to
inferior courts continued to remain in force until the Subordinate Courts Act
1970.

16 Section 13 of the Courts Ordinance 1934 remained the same in substance and
in terms until today as s 13 SCJA. Section 13 SCJA provides as follows:-

“13. A judgment of the High Court for the payment of money to any person or
into court may be enforced by a writ, to be called a writ of seizure and sale,
under which all the property, movable or immovable, of whatever description,
of a judgment debtor may be seized, except –

(a) the wearing apparel and bedding of the judgment debtor or his family, and
he tools and implements of his trade, when the value of such apparel, bedding,
tools and implements does not exceed $1,000;

(b) tools of artisans, and, where the judgment debtor is an agriculturist, his
implements of husbandry and such animals and seed-grain or produce as may in
the opinion of the court be necessary to enable him to earn his livelihood as
such;

(c) the wages or salary of the judgment debtor;

(d) any pension, gratuity or allowance granted by the Government; and

(e) the share of the judgment debtor in a partnership, as to which the
judgment creditor is entitled to proceed to obtain a charge under any
provision of any written law relating to partnership.”

17 I agree with both the District Judge and the Deputy Registrar of the
Subordinate Courts that the SCJA was principally a consolidating statute, with
certain amendments not relevant for present purposes. “The powers of
jurisdiction of the Supreme Court are the same as heretofore, before
(Singapore) joined Malaysia and after (Singapore) left Malaysia”: see Col. 75
in Vol. 28, The Parliamentary Debates Republic of Singapore. (Words within
brackets are added).

18 It followed, and I agree with the view, that so far as s 13 SCJA is
concerned, Parliament intended it to be construed in the same manner and to
the same extent as its antecedent legislation prior to the enactment of SCJA.

19 I now turn to the Rules of the Supreme Court 1970 (“RSC 1970”), which
replaced the Civil Procedure Rules of Supreme Court 1934 . The RSC 1970
resembled the English Rules of Supreme Court 1965 and they effected a
significant change to garnishment proceedings in Singapore.

20 The RSC 1970 adopted the English garnishee procedures and confined the kind
of seizable property in Singapore to debts. As far as procedure was concerned,
judgment creditors no longer had to rely on the Sheriff’s timetable and
schedule for serving garnishee notices. Judgment creditors were given the
initiative. In the High Court, a notice by the court attaching the debt of the
judgment debtor is obtained by a judgment creditor in accordance with Order
49, rr.1-4. A garnishee may dispute that he is indebted or a third party may
wish to assert a competing claim in relation to the debt. Under the new
procedure a garnishee order nisi might be challenged at a show cause hearing,
after which the order nisi may or may not be made absolute. Any payment by the
garnishee to the judgment debtor under an order absolute discharges him to the
extent of his payment. A garnishee who disposes of the money which he knows
has been attached by the court may be held in contempt.

21 I entirely agree with the views of both tribunals below that the RSC 1970
did not expressly or by necessary implication confer on judgment creditors new
rights to attach salaries and wages.

22 With effect from 1 April 1996 the RSC 1970 and the Rules of the Subordinate
Courts 1986 were consolidated into a single set of the present Rules of Court
1996 (“ROC 1966”). In particular, Order 49 of the RSC 1970 and Order 33 of the
Subordinate Court Rules 1970, which governed garnishment proceedings, were
amalgamated into and became Order 49 of the ROC 1966.

**Grounds of Appeal**

23 The primary contention canvassed on behalf of judgment creditors is that s
13 of SCJA only applies to a “writ of seizure and sale”. It is argued that the
ordinary meaning of “writ of seizure and sale” means the process of the court
instructing the Sheriff to seize chattels, land, and securities belong to the
judgment debtor as provided under O 46 and O 47 of the ROC 1996. References
are made in this line of argument to O 45 r 1(1) RSC 1970 and O 30 Subordinate
Court Rules 1970 which also mentioned a “writ of seizure and sale” in contra-
distinction with garnishee proceeds. Like the Deputy Registrar, I would refer
this interpretation as the “narrow meaning”.

24**** In support of the narrow meaning of s 13 SCJA, it is submitted on
behalf of the appellants that the writ of seizure and sale under s 407 of the
Courts Ordinance 1878 constituted an instruction to the Sheriff to, inter
alia, seize the debt and the instruction was implemented by the Sheriff
serving a notice on the garnishee. It is further submitted that this process
‘differs markedly’ from the process under O 49 of the ROC 1996 which removed
the involvement of the Sheriff. Accordingly, it is argued, that garnishment
under O 49 of the ROC 1996 is ‘a different creature from the term “writ of
seizure and sale” in s 13 SCJA.

25 The appellants further contended that the writ of seizure and sale was not
the genius of a garnishee order. It is emphasised that the only mode of
execution in force under the Civil Procedure Code 1907 and the Court Ordinance
1934 was a writ of seizure and sale. There was no concept of a garnishee order
as provided for under O 49 of the ROC 1996.

26 I propose to refer to intrinsic and extrinsic aids to render a purposive
interpretation of a statutory provision without there having any pre-existing
ambiguity. This approach is required by s 9A of the Interpretation Act, Cap.
1. I also rely on the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Planmarine AG v
Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore_ [1999] 2 SLR 1.

27 The phrase “writ of seizure and sale” in s 13 SCJA is not defined in any
statute or at common law. The phrase refers to the order or direction of a
court to seize and sell. On this purposive reading of the meaning of the
phrase, it is in substance, albeit not in name, the same as garnishment which
is a direction of the court to the garnishee to pay the judgment creditor.
Both modes of execution involve the attachment of the property of the judgment
debtor and the transfer of the interest of the judgment debtor in that
property, whether by the proceeds of sale or by payment as in the case of a
garnishment, to the judgment creditor.

28 I agree with the Deputy Registrar that the broader meaning seems more
harmonious with the context of the language used in s 13 and s 80(2)(1) SCJA.
Section 13 allows “all the property, movable or immovable, of whatever
description, of a judgment debtor” to be seized. If the expression ‘writ of
seizure and sale” has a narrow meaning, then the court’s power to seize the
property of the judgment debtor under s 13 SCJA would be limited to chattels,
land and securities, seeing that debts and equitable interest are seizable by
garnishment and equitable receivership orders. Further, several properties are
exempted under s 13(a) to (e). On the basis of the narrow meaning, which is
advocated by the appellants, the drafting of the list of exempted properties
would have terminated at s 13(b).

29 Additionally, s 80(2)(1) SCJA also refers to a “writ of seizure and sale”.
The Rules Committee is authorised to make Rules to regulate the seizure and
sale of the property of the judgment debtor. As pointed out by the Deputy
Registrar, if the narrow meaning is adopted, “then the power of the Rules
Committee to make Rules under s 80(2)(1) of SCJA will likewise be limited to
the seizure of chattels, land and securities by the Sheriff. But in the light
of the broader meaning, however, one can easily understand why the words
‘modes in which a writ of seizure and sale may be executed’ appear.”

30 I refer to a point of considerable importance. It is view, as identified by
the Deputy Registrar, that the narrow meaning only draws its justification
from the changes to the 1970 procedural rules. If the legal position regarding
the exemption of wages and salaries from seizure under s 13(c) SCJA remains
similar to the law prior to its enactment, “then the narrow meaning would
result in the parent legislation being derogated by amendments made to
subsidiary legislation.” That is a consequence to be avoided if at all
possible but I do not think, for a moment, that was ever intended by the Rules
Committee.

31 I should finally refer to the submission that it would be redundant for s
13(c) SCJA to prohibit the general attachment of salaries and wages since
there exist other legislation providing specific protection of salaries and
wages from attachment. The appellants’ counsel refer to s 24 of the Central
Provident Fund Act, s 60(1) of the Merchant Shipping Act, s 14 of the Pensions
Act. This argument does not carry any weight. These provisions are irrelevant
to the attachment of wages or salary. Further, some of the provisions referred
to were in existence at the time when s 13(c) first appeared as s 617(2)(b) of
the Civil Procedure Code 1907. Such provisions, including s 11 of the Pensions
Act, did not discourage the then legislature from promulgating s 617(2)(b) of
the Civil Procedure Code 1907.

32 I am accordingly of the view that s 13 SCJA exempts wages or salary from
garnishment. The appeals are therefore dismissed.

Appeals dismissed  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

