Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Elan Impex (Singapore) Pte Ltd and Another v Daewoo Corporation and Others  
[2003] SGHC 20

Case Number | : | Suit 282/2002,SIC 2498/2002,SIC 4545/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 February 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan and Bal Ratanesh Kaur (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the Plaintiffs; Philip Jeyaretnam, SC and Goh Peng Fong (Rodyk & Davidson) for the first and second Defendants; Anil M Changaroth (Lim & Lim) for the third and fourth Defendants   
Parties | : |  Elan Impex (Singapore) Pte Ltd; Elan S.A. (Pty) Ltd — Daewoo Corporation; Daewoo International Corporation; Nair Sudhir Krishnan; Irene Nair (trading as Trin Marketing CC)   
  
Civil Procedure – Service – Order granting service of writ out of jurisdiction
– Whether order should be set aside  
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Actions commenced in Singapore and
South Africa – Whether Singapore more appropriate forum  
  
Civil Procedure – Striking out – Whether action against defendants should be
struck out  
  

**The parties**

1 The first plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore. The second
plaintiff is a South African company and is the first plaintiff’s distribution
agent.

2 The first and second defendants are South Korean companies. The second
defendant was established in a restructuring of the first defendant.

3 The third defendant is a former employee of the first plaintiff, and the
husband of the fourth defendant. They are residents of South Africa.

**The three agreements**

4 There are three agreements involved in these proceedings:

(i) an agreement dated 18 January 2000 ("the first agreement");

(ii) an agreement dated 23 August 2000 ("the second agreement"); and

(iii) an agreement dated 19 June 2001 ("the third agreement").

The first plaintiff had entered into the first and second agreements with the
first defendant. The first agreement was subsequently superseded by the third
agreement which was entered into by the first plaintiff and the second
defendant.

5 The agreements were licensing agreements which permitted the first plaintiff
to use the defendants’ "Daytek" and "Daewoo" names and logos on electrical
appliances that the first plaintiff was to purchase on its own and sell. The
first plaintiff would pay the defendants royalties based on the value of the
appliances purchased.

6 The agreements covered different territories. The second agreement extended
over three Asian countries and Australia while the third agreement extended
over 12 African countries.

**The termination of the agreements**

7 The second agreement was terminated by the second defendant by a letter
dated 21 December 2001 on the ground of lack of performance.

8 The third agreement was terminated by the second defendant by a letter of 8
February 2002 on the ground that the first plaintiff had failed to pay the
full royalties due.

**The basis of the claims**

9 The plaintiffs instituted the action because they regarded the terminations
of the two agreements as wrongful.

10 They claimed that the third defendant had procured and induced the "first
and/or second defendant" to breach the agreements with the result that the
second defendant breached the agreements.

11 They also claimed that the third and fourth defendants had threatened and
intended to continue to procure breaches of the agreements.

**Order of Court of 15 March 2002**

12 The plaintiffs made _ex parte_ applications for the service of the writ out
of jurisdiction and for interim restraining orders against the defendants.

13 On 15 March 2002 the plaintiffs obtained an order to restrain the first and
second defendants from granting branding and distribution rights to third
parties or to distribute products bearing the Daytek and Daewoo names and
logos in the areas covered by the agreements, or to supply such products to
those territories, and to restrain them from interfering with the activities
of the first plaintiff.

14 The plaintiffs also obtained leave to serve the writ on the first and
second defendants in South Korea and on the third and fourth defendants in
South Africa.

15 In addition to that Mareva injunctions were obtained against the third and
fourth defendants restraining them from disposing of their properties in
Singapore.

**The defendants’ applications**

16 The applications before me were the first and second defendants’
application that (i) the action against the first defendant be struck out,
(ii) the order for service on them out of jurisdiction be set aside and (iii)
the injunctions against them be discharged. Alternatively they wanted the
proceedings against them stayed.

17 The third and fourth defendants applied that (i) the order giving leave to
serve the writ on the third defendant be set aside, (ii) the actions against
them be struck out, (iii) the Mareva injunctions against them be set aside,
and (iv) the proceedings against them be stayed.

**Jurisdiction of the Singapore courts**

18 The plaintiffs asserted that the action came within the jurisdiction of the
courts of Singapore because (i) the first defendant executed the first and
second agreements with the first plaintiff, and the first defendant has
property in Singapore, (ii) the second defendant executed the third agreement
with the first plaintiff, and is a necessary and proper party to the action
and (iii) the third and fourth defendants are necessary and proper parties to
the action.

19 Ground (i) related to Order 11 rule 1(a) of the Rules of Court which allows
for service out of Singapore with the leave of court if relief is sought
against a person who is domiciled, ordinarily resident, carrying on business
or who has property in Singapore.

20 The question arises whether there is any relief that the plaintiffs can
seek from the first defendant. Although the first defendant had executed the
first agreement, the plaintiffs accept that this agreement was superseded by
the third agreement between the first plaintiff and the second defendant.
Effectively the first defendant was replaced by the second defendant as a
contracting party. Two facts, (i) that the letter of termination was issued by
the second defendant and (ii) that the plaintiffs complained that the
termination for short payment of royalties was unjustified rather than that
the second defendant was not the proper party to terminate the agreement,
confirmed that the second defendant had replaced the first defendant.

21 Similarly, the plaintiffs had not complained that the second defendant did
not have the capacity to terminate the second agreement. Their complaint was
that they had not failed to perform the agreement and that the letter of
termination the second defendant issued was lacking in particulars.

22 The plaintiffs also alleged in para 15 of their statement of claim that
"Prior to their purported termination of the second Agreement…the first and/or
second defendants were already in breach of the second Agreement" in that they
authorised a third party to distribute products bearing the Daewoo brand and
logo in the United Arab Emirates.

23 This claim was based on some documents exhibited in the affidavit of Gautam
Kunzru, Managing Director of the first defendant. These documents referred to
"setting up of an agency for Daewoo International Products in the U.A.E.",
"the authenticity of the Principal being Daewoo International" and to Daewoo
International being the party authorising the sale of the products. None of
the documents referred to the first defendant at all.

24 There was no evidence that the first defendant was in breach of the
agreement, and there was no basis for the plaintiffs to seek any relief from
it. The action against the first defendant is therefore struck out.

25 The plaintiffs relied on Order 11 r 1(c) to assert that service out of
jurisdiction can be effected on the second, third and fourth defendants
because they are necessary or proper parties to the claim against the first
defendant. The rule permits such service when the claim is brought against a
person duly served in or out of Singapore and a person out of Singapore is a
necessary or proper party thereto.

26 There were two major difficulties with this contention. First, once the
action against the first defendant is struck out, the second, third and fourth
defendants cannot be necessary or proper parties to that action.

27 Second, when the application was made for leave to serve the second, third
and fourth defendants out of jurisdiction, the first defendant was not a party
duly served in or out of Singapore. In fact the first defendant was not served
even when the applications came before me. Counsel for the plaintiffs brought
my attention to the English Court of Appeal decision in _Kuwait Oil Tanker Co.
S.A.K v Al Bader_ [1997] 1 WLR 1410. Counsel argued that the same point was
raised in that case without success. He was right, but not so that he brought
the plaintiffs any comfort. It was true that in _Kuwait Oil Tanker_ , the
first defendant was not served when leave was obtained to serve the second and
third defendants outside the jurisdiction. When an application was made to set
aside that order, Judge Diamond QC held that the equivalent English rule in O
11 r 1(1)(c) of the Rules of the Supreme Court required a defendant to have
been duly served before leave to serve another defendant outside the
jurisdiction could properly be granted. But the plaintiffs took positive steps
to rectify the matter. When the application to set aside the order granting
leave to serve outside the jurisdiction was made, the plaintiffs applied for
retroactive leave under O 2 r 1 and O 11 r1(1)(c), R.S.C. to issue and serve
the writ. The judge granted the plaintiffs’ application, with the result that
while he upheld the defendants’ argument that the original order granting
leave to serve was wrong, he dismissed their application to set aside the
service. When the defendants appealed to the Court of Appeal, Staughton LJ
held there must be service before leave is granted for service on other
defendants outside the jurisdiction. However, he also found on the facts there
was good cause to validate the leave with retrospective effect.

28 In the present case, there was no application for retroactive validation,
nor any ground disclosed to justify such validation. In the circumstances the
orders giving leave to serve outside the jurisdiction were set aside.

29 The defendants had also applied that the injunctions against them be set
aside. The application was based on two grounds, (i) that the plaintiffs had
failed to make material disclosures when they applied for the orders and (ii)
that on the balance of convenience, the orders should not be made.

30 Gautam Kunzru deposed in his affidavit filed in support of the plaintiffs’
_ex parte_ application for the injunction orders that the second defendant’s
basis for terminating the second agreement for lack of performance was untrue.

31 When counsel attended before me, there was no dispute that the first
plaintiff had not made any purchases under the agreement. There was nothing
untrue about the second defendant’s complaint; it was the denial that was
untrue.

32 Secondly, Gautam Kunzru also alleged in the same affidavit that the letter
of termination dated 8 February 2002 did not contain sufficient particulars to
justify the termination. That was true, but not the whole truth. When the
first plaintiff received the letter of termination it wrote to the second
defendant to request for evidence in support of its assertions. On 22 February
the second defendant replied and supplied the evidence sought.

33 Gautam Kunzru made no reference to this exchange, and complained instead
that "it is only with discoveries made very recently, that the complete
picture and the real motivation for the termination has come to light". He
presented a false picture that the second defendant had relied on a bare
assertion to terminate the contract.

34 The plaintiffs who applied _ex parte_ for injunctive relief were under a
strict obligation to make full and frank disclosure of all matters relevant
for the court’s consideration, including matters adverse to their case. The
first plaintiff had wilfully withheld material information when it applied for
the restraining orders and had presented an inaccurate and incomplete picture.
On this ground alone those orders could be set aside.

35 There was another ground for setting aside those orders. This was that the
restraining orders were not appropriate in the circumstances. Counsel for the
plaintiffs pointed out that there was no order that the defendants retract the
letters of termination or perform the agreements pending the trial of the
action.

36 Rightly or wrongly, the permission to use the Daytek and Daewoo names and
logos was withdrawn. The plaintiffs should not continue to use the Daytek and
Daewoo names and logos as that would represent to other parties that they have
the authority to use them. They can resume the use if they succeed in their
claim for specific performance at the trial of the action. If they succeed
their losses are on the profits that they would have earned if the agreements
were not terminated, and this can be properly redressed by an appropriate
award of damages.

37 On the other hand, the restraining orders prevent the defendants from using
Daytek and Daewoo names and logos in the territories covered by the
agreements. The result is that neither the plaintiffs nor the defendants or
their licensees can use the Daytek and Daewoo names and logos there, and the
names and logos will lose out to their competitors on the market. If the
terminations are valid, an award of damages may not repair the damage to the
defendants’ goodwill in the Daytek and Daewoo names and logos. Furthermore,
the first plaintiff is in financial difficulties and has entered into a scheme
of arrangement with its creditors. If the claims of wrongful termination fail,
it may not be able to pay damages.

38 The balance of convenience was against the continuation of the interim
injunctions, and they were discharged.

39 Turning to the third and fourth defendants’ applications, the action
against the former should be allowed to go to trial. The plaintiffs have
pleaded a reasonable course of action against him for procuring and inducing
the termination of the two agreements. The merits of the claim and his defence
are not to be decided at this stage.

40 With regard to the fourth defendant, the plaintiffs had not disclosed a
proper course of action against her. She was named in the action as "Irene
Nair trading as Trin Marketing CC", implying that Trin Marketing CC is not a
distinct legal entity from her. In fact the plaintiffs knew that Trin
Marketing CC is a close corporation established under the laws of South
Africa, and that the fourth defendant is its sole member.

41 Under the Close Corporations Act No. 69 of 1984 of South Africa, a close
corporation is on registration a juristic person, and the members of a close
corporation are not by reason of their membership liable for the liabilities
or obligations of the corporation.

42 A distinction must be made between the fourth defendant and Trin Marketing
CC. As the plaintiffs’ complaints were not directed at the activities of the
fourth defendant, but against those of Trin Marketing CC, the action against
her must be struck out, and the Mareva injunction against her was discharged.

43 I had also ordered that the claim against the third defendant and the
Mareva injunction against him be stayed till further order. These stay orders
were made because the plaintiffs have commenced proceedings against him in the
High Court of South Africa before they commenced the Singapore action against
him. In that action they claimed that he had conspired with the second
defendant to terminate the agreements. They have also obtained an Anton Pillar
order and an interim injunction against him in that action.

44 The claim against the third defendant has substantial connections to South
Africa. The third defendant and second plaintiff are there. The third
defendant is accused of committing the acts of procurement and inducement of
the termination of the agreements while he was there. The Singapore elements
are that the first plaintiff is a Singapore company and the termination
letters were sent to it in Singapore. The plaintiffs also assert that the
agreements are governed by Singapore law, but the first and second defendants
contend that they are governed by the laws of South Korea.

45 There is no reason for the two actions to proceed simultaneously. South
Africa is the more appropriate forum for the action against the third
defendant to be heard as most of the witnesses and the evidence are there, and
proceedings have commenced there. I therefore ordered that the Singapore
proceedings against the third defendant be stayed so that the matter can be
dealt with in South Africa.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Feb 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

