Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Bansal Hermant Govindprasad and Another v Central Bank of India and Another
Case  
[2003] SGCA 3

Case Number | : | CA 6/2002, Suit 1045/1999, 1046/1999  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 January 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Judith Prakash J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan, Ms Chia See Kim Sharon (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the Appellants; Tan Tuan Meng, Wong Khai Leng (Mallal & Namazie) for the Respondents   
Parties | : |  Bansal Hermant Govindprasad; Aneeta Bansal — Central Bank of India   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Submission of no case to answer – Circumstances
where submission of no case to answer will succeed – Appropriate tests
applicable to submission of no case to answer  
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Onus of proof – Evidence not offered in defence
– Burden of proof on plaintiff to discharge  
  
Tort – Conversion – Whether prima facie case of conversion established –
Whether respondents had standing to sue – Whether appellants dealt with goods
with intention to convert  
  
Trusts – Constructive trusts – Breach of trust – Dishonest assistance in
breach of trust – Whether prima facie case of dishonest assistance in breach
of trust established  
  

_**Delivered by Chao Hick Tin JA**_

1 This was an appeal against the decision of Rajendran J where he decided that
the appellants, Hermant Govindprasad Bansal ("Bansal") and his wife, Aneeta
Bansal, (hereinafter collectively referred to as "the Bansals") were liable
for conversion and for dishonest assistance in breach of trust in connection
with certain shipping and related documents belonging to the respondents, the
Central Bank of India ("CBI"). Damages were awarded against the Bansals. We
heard the appeal on 26 November 2002 and dismissed it. We now give our
reasons.

**The facts**

2 The trial was a consolidation of three suits instituted by CBI against the
Bansals and another party, Natsyn Fibres Pte Ltd ("Natsyn"). Natsyn was a
company incorporated in Singapore with the Bansals as the only shareholders
and directors. The action against Natsyn was not proceeded with because the
latter was wound up before the trial began.

3 In 1997, Natsyn purchased certain goods from two Indian companies, Bhagwati
Cottons Ltd (‘Bhagwati’) and GPB Fibres Ltd ("GPB"). Bhagwati and GPB were
founded by Bansal’s father and were family companies. At all material times,
Bansal was a director and held substantial equity interest in both companies.

4 To effect the purchase, Natsyn obtained the issue of a letter of credit from
Campagnie Financiere De Cic Et De L’Union Europeene ("CF Bank") and another
from Mees Pierson NV, ("Mees Pierson"). Both LCs were governed by the UCP 500
and the credit was available by negotiation. The beneficiaries of the credit
were Bhagwati and GPB. For the purpose of the trial, the parties had not
differentiated between Bhagwati and GPB. Therefore, hereinafter, reference to
"Bhagwati" shall include "GPB".

5 Upon shipment of the goods, Bhagwati presented the requisite documents to
CBI for negotiation under the LCs ("LC documents") and was paid. CBI placed
its stamp on all the documents. Subsequently, CBI handed the LC documents back
to Bhagwati, without having received payment from either Bhagwati or any other
party. Eventually, the documents came into the possession of Natsyn, who,
without paying for the same, used the documents to obtain delivery of the
goods. Thereafter, Natsyn sold the goods to a third party. By the time CBI
realised what had happened and sought payment, Natsyn did not have the funds
to pay in full. It effected only partial payments leaving outstanding the sums
of US$1,190.893.28 and $274,319.04 under the two LCs, which formed the subject
matter of the action.

Decision below

6 The action was based on conversion, conspiracy and dishonest assistance to a
breach of trust. The trial below ended with the Bansals electing to submit
that they had no case to answer. The trial judge, accepted that submission
insofar as the claim was based on the tort of conspiracy. In his view, there
was simply nothing to indicate any conspiracy as no evidence was presented to
show the circumstances under which the LC documents were handed over by CBI to
Bhagwati and, in turn, to Natsyn.

7 However, the judge found that there was a _prima facie_ case of conversion
and dishonest assistance. He based his determination primarily on the fact
that CBI were entitled to the documents having paid for them. Natsyn, and in
turn the Bansals, would have known that CBI had negotiated the documents as
the CBI stamp appeared on all the documents. Ordinarily, the documents would
have come through the issuing banks, i.e., CF Bank and Mees Pierson, in
exchange for payments by Natsyn. However, Natsyn did not pay for the documents
and the Bansals, being the directors in charge of Natsyn, would have known of
that. The Bansals, being the mind behind Natsyn, nevertheless used the
documents to obtain delivery of the goods and disposed of them.

Appeal

8 In the appeal, the Bansals raised two broad issues. The first was that the
trial judge had not applied the correct test in determining whether there was
a case to answer. The second was, whether there was sufficient evidence upon
which the court could enter judgment in favour of CBI.

9 The Bansals submitted that, in the absence of any evidence to show how, and
why, the documents were handed over to Bhagwati, there was no basis to hold
that they had committed conversion or rendered dishonest assistance to a
breach of trust.

The correct test

10 The trial judge, having noted the views of the authors of the book,
_Aronson & Hunter on_ _"Litigation: Evidence and Procedure"_ (16th Edn), at p.
732, stated (at ¶21 of his Grounds of Judgment) that –

"A decision by a defendant not to adduce evidence in his defence is a decision
that ought not to be lightly taken. Where a defendant makes such an election,
the result will be that the court is left with only the plaintiff’s version of
the story. So long as there is some prima facie evidence that supports the
essential limbs of the plaintiff’s claim(s), then the failure by the defendant
to adduce evidence on his own behalf would be fatal to the defendant."

11 Counsel for the Bansals submitted that, in accordance with the views of the
Court of Appeal in _Storey v Storey_ [1960] 3 All ER 279, there were two
different circumstances where a defendant could submit that there was no case
to answer and the consequence might not be the same for both circumstances
should the submission fail. First, a no case submission could be made on the
basis that, accepting the plaintiff’s evidence at its face value, no case has
been established in law. Second, the submission could be made on the basis
that the evidence led for the plaintiff was so unsatisfactory, or unreliable,
that the court should find that the burden of proof had not been discharged.

12 We should point out that _Storey v Storey_ was examined by the trial judge,
but it was distinguished on the ground that there the appellate court was
considering the circumstances in which it could nevertheless, in a case where
a submission of no case to answer had not been upheld, direct that a new trial
be held. In that case, there was an appeal from an order of the Divisional
Court directing that there should be a re-hearing of a summons for maintenance
issued by the appellant wife against her husband based on persistent cruelty
and desertion. The summons was first heard before justices of the peace where
the husband elected, in submitting that there was no case for him to answer,
that he would not call any evidence. The submission was accepted by the
justices and the complaint was dismissed. The wife appealed. Though the
Divisional Court thought that the justices were wrong to have accepted the
submission of no case to answer, it did not make an order for maintenance in
her favour or to have the case remitted to the same justices for further
findings of fact. Instead, it ordered a new trial before a fresh panel of
justices. Ormerod LJ, delivering the judgment of the court, said (at p. 282):-

"There can, we think, be no doubt that in the former type of submission a
defendant is bound by his election, and there can be no new trial. This rule,
in our opinion, however, does not of necessity apply to the second type of
case where the judge is invited to dismiss the case because of the
unsatisfactory or unreliable nature of the evidence. In some cases it may well
be that the appellate court will be able to decide the case without sending it
back, but in others, and this in our judgment is certainly one, justice could
not be done without a re-hearing. …. In our opinion, if the submission of no
case is based on the unsatisfactory or unreliable nature of the evidence led
by the plaintiff, and the appellate court finds itself unable on the findings
of the court below to come to a just conclusion, the only course to be adopted
in the interests of justice is to order a new trial, even if the defendant has
elected to stand on his submission."

13 It seemed to us clear that the English Court of Appeal there agreed that
there should be a new trial, notwithstanding the election by the husband
because, and this seemed to be an important consideration, the case raised a
question of status and thereby some public interest was involved. Ormerod LJ
said (on the same page):-

"… .. it is better in matrimonial disputes for the justices to hear both sides
before coming to a decision, particularly as a finding by them of desertion or
persistent cruelty may form the basis for a subsequent petition for divorce."

14 The trial judge was clearly conscious of the second circumstance under
which a submission of no case to answer could be made. He did not rule out
that a submission of no case could also be made on that basis, as can be seen
from this observation of his (¶25 of his Grounds of Judgment):- -

"It may be that the view taken by _Aronson and Hunter_ was too restrictive and
that a submission of no case to meet may also be upheld where the evidence
adduced by the plaintiff is so unsatisfactory or unreliable that the court is
able to find that the burden of proof on the plaintiff has not been
discharged. But that said, I nevertheless consider the summary by Aronson and
Hunter a helpful one."

15 The summary of _Aronson and Hunter_ that the judge referred to was the
passage found at p. 732 of the book:-

However, if the defence leads no evidence where there is a case to answer, its
silence could (depending on the facts) be taken to strengthen the opposing
case. In particular, circumstantial evidence which could cut both ways might
well look stronger if the defendant or accused is in a position to dispel the
doubt, but refuses to go into evidence: _May v O’Sullivan_ (1955) 92 CLR 654;
and _Weissensteiner v R_ (1993) 178 CLR 217."

16 In electing not to adduce any evidence, the submission of the Bansals was
that, even accepting the plaintiff’s evidence on the face of it, no case had
been made out against them. The submission made was not on the basis that the
evidence led for the CBI was unsatisfactory or unreliable. This was a
submission of no case to answer of the first type enumerated in _Storey v
Storey_. Therefore, the trial judge did not apply any wrong test or principle.

_Prima Facie_ case

17 We now turn to consider the second issue as to whether the court below was
correct to have ruled that a _prima facie_ case had been made out in respect
of the claims in conversion and dishonest assistance and given judgment in
favour of CBI.

18 CBI called only one witness, Vijay Kumar Bhandari (Bhandari), its General
Manager at the head office at Mumbai since 1996. The relevant records of
accounts of Bhagwati were maintained at one of CBI branches at Mumbai.
Bhandari had no personal knowledge relating to the transactions with Bhagwati
and neither did he know why or how the LC documents were released to Bhagwati.
He sought to adduce in evidence a pile of documents called "Process Notes",
without the maker(s) being called to testify in court. The "Process Notes"
were notes kept by officers of CBI of conversations with customers. The trial
judge had ruled that those notes were inadmissible as evidence as they did not
fall within the exceptions permitted under s 32(b) and s 34 of the Evidence
Act.

19 The Bansals argued that, stripped of hearsay and other inadmissible
evidence, what Bhandari stated amounted to no more than that CBI negotiated
the documents tendered by Bhagwati under the LCs and that CBI obtained
possession of the documents. Upon negotiation, the stamp of CBI was also
placed on the documents. However, for reasons unknown, CBI passed the
documents back to Bhagwati. The documents eventually found their way to
Singapore into the hands of Natsyn, which used them to obtain delivery of the
goods. On these bare facts, there was nothing to suggest that the Bansals
committed the tort of conversion or of knowingly assisting in the commission
of a breach of trust.

20 As at the close of the case for CBI, this was the view of the trial judge
(¶28 of his Grounds of Judgment) -

" … there was evidence on which the court could come to the conclusion that
the Bansals knew, when they (through Natsyn) dealt with the goods covered by
the documents, that the documents were the property of CBI. In proceeding to
deal with the goods despite that knowledge, the Bansals could well be liable
in conversion and/or as constructive trustees. But, by electing not to
testify, the Bansals have elected not to put before the court their
explanation of the events that happened. In these circumstances, I can only
conclude that they had no defence to these claims."

21 Before us, counsel for the Bansals made the following four points in
contending that a _prima facie_ case of conversion on the part of the Bansals
had not been made out –

(i) CBI did not have the _locus standi_ to sue, as they had not shown that
they had actual possession or an immediate right to possession of the LC
documents and, in turn, the goods;

(ii) that the Bansals did not deal with the LC documents, and the goods; it
was the staff of Natsyn who dealt with the documents;

(iii) the Bansals did not know that the documents belonged to CBI; and

(iv) there was no intent to convert since Natsyn subsequently made partial
payments.

22 It is clear that conversion may be committed in many ways, the most obvious
being to wrongfully take possession, dispose of, or destroy the goods
belonging to or in the possession of another. In all cases, the essential
element is that of dealing with the goods of another person in such a manner
as to constitute an unjustifiable denial of his rights in them or the
assertion of rights inconsistent therewith. It is settled law that for a
plaintiff to be entitled to sue for conversion he must have actual possession
or an immediate right to possession of the goods in question: see _Siew Kong
Engineering Works (sued as a firm) v Lian Yit Engineering Sdn Bhd & Anor_
[1993] 2 SLR 505, and _Winfield & Jolowicz on Tort (15th Edition)_ at 597.
This was the very point which the Bansals argued that CBI had not established.

23 The undisputed evidence was that CBI negotiated the LC documents submitted
by Bhagwati. This fact of negotiation was indicated by the CBI stamp on each
document. Following the negotiation, CBI were entitled to the documents and in
turn the goods. Subsequently, the documents were handed by CBI to Bhagwati.
There was no evidence as to the reasons for the documents to be handed over to
Bhagwati. Neither was there any evidence that Bhagwati, or for that matter any
other person, had purchased the documents from CBI. So _prima facie_ ,
notwithstanding that physical possession of the documents was with Bhagwati,
ownership of the documents remained with CBI and CBI were entitled to the
documents, and in turn the goods. There was nothing to indicate how the
documents arrived at Natsyn. But Natsyn did use the documents to obtain
delivery of the goods. Again, there was no evidence that Natsyn paid for the
documents. On the contrary, after discovery by CBI of what happened, Natsyn
made part payments towards the purchase, leaving outstanding the two sums,
which were the subject of the present action. Thus, entitlement to the
documents had always remained with CBI and they therefore had the right to
immediate possession of the documents and, in turn, the goods.

24 Turning to the second point, what must be borne in mind was that the
Bansals were the only shareholders and directors of Natsyn. So, they were the
ones in charge of Natsyn. Since the Bansals did not come to court to testify,
in the absence of any evidence indicating the contrary, it would be reasonable
to infer that they had handled the documents that came into the possession of
Natsyn and they had directed their staff to obtain or they had by themselves
obtained, delivery of the goods with the documents.

25 The third argument concerned the question of knowledge. The Bansals said
that they did not know that the documents belonged to CBI. We would make two
observations on this. First, it did not matter whether the Bansals knew the
documents belonged to CBI. The important thing was that the Bansals knew that
the documents did not belong to Natsyn (as Natsyn had not paid for the
documents) and nevertheless proceeded to use them to obtain delivery of the
goods and dispose of them. By so obtaining and disposing of the goods, the
Bansal intended to deny the rights of CBI to the documents. Second, the goods
were to be paid for by way of the LCs, and, in the ordinary course of
business, the LC documents would have come to Natsyn through the issuing
banks. But here, the Bansals admitted that the documents came from Bhagwati.
Putting it at the lowest, the Bansals would have known that Natsyn were not
entitled to the documents and in dealing with the documents with such
knowledge, they had committed conversion.

26 As for the fourth point, that the Bansals had not intended to convert the
goods because Natsyn had made part payments, it must be rejected outright.
Making amends, after the commission of a wrong, cannot erase the wrong
although it would mitigate the damages payable. In this case, the material
time to determine whether the tort of conversion had been committed was when
the Bansals, on behalf of Natsyn, obtained the delivery of the goods with the
documents.

27 In the premises, all the arguments raised by the Bansals on conversion
failed. A _prima facie_ case had been made out that the Bansals had dealt with
the LC documents in a manner inconsistent with the rights of CBI and were thus
liable for conversion.

Constructive trust

28 The judge below also found that the Bansals had dishonestly assisted
Bhagwati in committing a breach of trust. The Bansals argued that they had not
committed such a wrong. First, there was no evidence of a trust being imposed
on Bhagwati when the documents were handed by CBI to Bhagwati. Second, there
was also no evidence to implicate them that they had dishonestly assisted
Bhagwati to commit a breach of trust.

29 The law on dishonest assistance was recently considered and elucidated by
the Privy Council in _Royal Brunei Airlines Sdn Bhd v Philip Tan Kok Ming_
[1995] 3 WLR 64 where an airline sought a remedy against a tour agent’s
principal director and shareholder. The defendant director was held liable for
dishonest assistance in respect of a breach of trust committed by his company.

30 For a third party to be liable for dishonest assistance of a breach of
trust, there must be first, a trust, second, a breach of the trust, third,
assistance rendered by the third party towards the breach, and lastly, the
assistance rendered by the third party must be dishonest. What the decision in
_Royal Brunei Airlines v Tan_ clarified is that in determining such accessory
liability, the pre-requisite of dishonesty was to be judged objectively.

31 From the facts which we have set out in ¶23 above, it was clear that when
CBI handed the LC documents to Bhagwati, an implied trust arose. This was
because the documents belonged to CBI and there was no evidence that Bhagwati,
or any third party, had paid CBI for the documents. _Prima facie_ , a
resulting trust arose in favour of CBI.

32 The next point is that when Bhagwati, without authority, passed the
documents to Natsyn in Singapore, Bhagwati was acting in breach of trust, and
as Natsyn had not paid for them, Natsyn would, in turn, be holding the
documents as trustees for the rightful owner, CBI. In obtaining delivery of
the goods by using the documents and then disposing of them, Natsyn had
accordingly committed a breach of trust.

33 As mentioned above, the Bansals were in complete charge of Natsyn. _Prima
facie_ , and in the absence of evidence to the contrary, it would be
reasonable to infer that they were behind the actions of Natsyn and, were
thus, accessories to the breach committed by Natsyn.

34 The main point of contention of the Bansals before us was that they had not
dishonestly assisted Bhagwati in committing any breach of trust. They said
that they had no knowledge of how the documents came into the hands of
Bhagwati and neither was there any evidence that they have had a hand in
transmitting the documents to Natsyn. That would appear to be so. But when
Natsyn came into possession of the documents knowing full well that it had not
paid for them, an implied trust arose in favour of the rightful owner. In
using the documents to obtain the goods, the Bansals were thus guilty of
assisting Natsyn in committing a breach of trust. In the circumstances of this
case, the assistance rendered by the Bansals to Natsyn was clearly dishonest.
Here, we would quote a passage from _Royal Brunei Airlines v Tan_ where the
Privy Council stated (at p.74-75):-

"Acting in reckless disregard of others’ rights or possible rights can be a
tell-tale sign of dishonesty. An honest person would have regard to the
circumstances known to him, including the nature and importance of the
proposed transaction, the nature and importance of his role, the ordinary
course of business, the degree of doubt, the practicability of the trustee or
the third party proceeding otherwise and the seriousness of the adverse
consequences to the beneficiaries. The circumstances will dictate which one or
more of the possible courses should be taken by an honest person. He might,
for instance, flatly decline to become involved. He might ask further
questions. He might seek advice, or insist on further advice being obtained.
He might advise the trustee of the risks but then proceed with his role in the
transaction. He might do many things. Ultimately, in most cases, an honest
person should have little difficulty in knowing whether a proposed
transaction, or his participation in it, would offend the normally accepted
standards of honest conduct.

Likewise, when called upon to decide whether a person was acting honestly, a
court will look at all the circumstances known to the third party at the time.
The court will also have regard to personal attributes of the third party,
such as his experience and intelligence and the reason why he acted as he
did."

35 Natsyn had arranged for the goods to be paid by LCs. The Bansals, being
experienced business persons in international trade, would have known that in
the normal course of business, the LC documents would have come to them
through the issuing banks, who would expect payment before the documents would
be released to Natsyn. Natsyn had not paid for the documents and yet the
Bansals proceeded to obtain delivery of the goods with the documents. They
would have seen the CBI stamp on the documents. They were clearly not entitled
to the documents until they paid for them. They would have known that
something was amiss. There was no evidence that they made any inquiries. An
honest person in similar circumstances would have made an effort to establish
how the documents could have come into his possession when no payment had yet
been made. In our opinion, in the absence of any explanation offered, it would
be reasonable to infer that the Bansals had acted dishonestly.

36 In our judgment, CBI had established a _prima facie_ case that the Bansals
had committed the wrong of dishonest assistance. It would be seen that the
only aspect on which we differed from the trial judge is that we were of the
opinion that the dishonest assistance rendered by the Bansals was not in
relation to the breach of trust by Bhagwati but by Natsyn. This was because
there was nothing to indicate that the Bansals had a hand in the breach
committed by Bhagwati.

37 Accordingly, the appeal of the Bansals must fail.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Jan 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

