Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Low Siew Hwa Kenneth v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 193

Case Number | : | MA 316/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 August 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edmond Pereira (Edmond Pereira & Partners) for the appellant; Eddy Tham (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Low Siew Hwa Kenneth — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Findings of fact by trial judge –
Approach to be taken by appellate court  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Impeachment – No formal application to
impeach credit of accused person and witness – Whether trial judge required to
make impeachment ruling  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Criminal breach of trust and
cheating under ss 409 and 420 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) –
Whether sentence imposed by trial judge manifestly excessive given accused's
position of high trust and responsibility  
  

1 The appellant was convicted on four counts of criminal breach of trust under
s 409 of the Penal Code (Cap 224) and one count of cheating under s 420 of the
Penal Code. He was sentenced to terms of imprisonment of 30 months, 15 months,
30 months and 12 months for the first, second, third and fifth charges
respectively. These were the s 409 charges. The appellant was also sentenced
to 12 months’ imprisonment for the fourth charge, the s 420 offence. The
sentences on the first two charges were ordered to run consecutively, for a
total sentence of 45 months’ imprisonment. At the end of the hearing before
me, I dismissed both the appeal against conviction and sentence. I now give my
reasons.

**Background**

2 Romar Positioning Equipment Pte Ltd (‘RPE’), Romar Technologies Pte Ltd
(‘RT’) and GETS Pte Ltd (‘GETS’) formed a group of companies (‘the Romar
Group’). The Romar Group’s main business was the design, manufacture, rental
and sale of welding machinery. The appellant was a director of RT and GETS
until September 1999. Jonathan Lim Keng Hock (‘Jonathan’) was a director of
GETS and the managing director of RPE and RT. Wan Pak Chew (‘PC’) was a
director of RPE and RT until April 1999.

3 Any two of the three men could sign cheques on behalf of RPE and RT.
Although the appellant was not a director of RPE, he was an authorised cheque
signatory. Cheques for GETS had to be signed by both the appellant and
Jonathan. Jonathan took frequent overseas business trips and PC would also go
on overseas trips sometimes. In 1996, Jonathan started travelling very
frequently because of large overseas projects. He was away for about half of
that year. In 1997, he was away for about 300 days. Before leaving for such
trips, Jonathan would sometimes pre-sign cheques.

4  Employees of the Romar Group included Kelly Lee Gek Kiang (‘Kelly’) who was
overall in charge of the accounts until June 1999. Cynthia Yong Lai Kang
(‘Cynthia’) assisted with the accounts and Alex Ashok (‘Alex’) handled
administrative matters.

5  The appellant was also a partner of Romindo, a business registered in
Singapore, together with Hedi Setia Gunawan (‘Hedi’). Either of them could
sign cheques for Romindo. Hedi was also a director of PT Romindo Mitraperkasa
(‘PT Romindo’), an Indonesian company, which acted as the Romar Group’s agents
in Indonesia. The understanding between the appellant and Hedi was that
Romindo’s bank account would only be used to pay the Romar Group for purchases
of welding machines and to receive commissions from the Romar Group in
Singapore currency.

6 The appellant was a partner of Ardent Engineering Construction (‘Ardent’) as
well, with Marie Teo Boon Choo (‘Marie’) but he was the one who dealt with the
operations of Ardent. Marie was the sole proprietor of Serenity Woodcraft and
Serene Craft, two interior designing businesses. The three businesses shared
premises.  

**The Prosecution’s Case**

_First charge_

7 The prosecution’s case was that the appellant misappropriated a sum of
$80,000 from GETS on or about 23 September 1997. A cash cheque for the said
sum was banked into his personal bank account. The cheque bore the signatures
of Jonathan and the appellant. The payment voucher for the cheque was prepared
by Kelly and signed by the appellant. Cynthia altered the original entries in
the payment voucher as instructed by Kelly. The corrections were done sometime
after October 1997 after Kelly rejoined the Romar Group. There was a
fictitious invoice purportedly by ‘Tung Ya’, a Taiwanese company, with Kelly’s
handwriting and the appellant’s signature. This invoice corresponded with the
corrected entries in the payment voucher and also with the accounting entries.

8 Jonathan testified that he was unaware of the payment and he did not recall
signing the cheque but he thought it could be a cheque pre-signed by him
before leaving for one of his overseas trips. He confirmed that there was no
such transaction with Tung Ya.

_Second charge_

9 The appellant misappropriated a sum of $23,100 from RPE on or about 11 June
1997. Again, a cash cheque had been prepared by Kelly and signed by Jonathan
and the appellant. Marie banked the cheque into Ardent’s account. The payment
voucher for the cheque stated that payment was made to a company called
‘Fukusuke’. The voucher was filled out in Kelly’s handwriting while the
signature on the voucher resembled PC’s.

10 According to Jonathan, he believed the cheque was a pre-signed cheque as he
was not in Singapore between 6 to 12 June 1997. He confirmed with Fukusuke
that it had never received the said sum. PC testified that he did not sign the
payment voucher and that he had never seen the voucher or the cheque before.

_Third charge_

11 The appellant misappropriated a sum of $90,000 from RT by cashing a cheque
on 25 June 1997, based on a fictitious Nitron Industrial Inc (‘Nitron’)
invoice, which he himself had signed for. The cheque was filled in by Kelly
and signed by PC and the appellant. Kelly prepared the payment voucher for the
cheque and it was signed by PC. The name of the payee on the voucher was
‘Nitron’, which was written next to the original letters ‘RPE’.

12 PC testified that Kelly had given him the cheque and payment voucher to
sign. He had signed the payment voucher in the belief that it was an inter-
company transfer of $90,000 from RT to RPE, which was common practice within
the Romar Group whenever there were insufficient funds in RPE’s account. If
‘Nitron’ had been stated as the payee, PC averred that he would have checked
on the payment. Jonathan confirmed that there was no such transaction with
Nitron.

_Fourth charge_

13 This was the cheating charge. In April 1999, Sin Ek Engineering Pte Ltd
(‘Sin Ek’) rented a welding machine from RPE. The appellant and Ng Chwee Peck
(‘Ng’) of Sin Ek arranged the rental agreement. Subsequently, Sin Ek wanted to
purchase the machine and Ng asked Geraldine Tan Mei Ling (‘Geraldine’) of Sin
Ek to liase with the appellant and conclude the sale. The prosecution’s case
was that the appellant deceived Geraldine into believing that the machine
belonged to Romindo when it actually belonged to RPE.

14 The appellant had produced a fictitious invoice from Romindo. The signature
on the invoice resembled Hedi’s. The appellant informed Geraldine that the
machine belonged to Romindo and not RPE when she questioned him about its
ownership. Geraldine had thought that the machine belonged to RPE but she
believed the appellant and duly issued a cheque for $12,000 to Romindo, which
the appellant banked into Romindo’s account. The appellant also signed the Sin
Ek payment voucher.

15 Hedi testified that he did not prepare or sign the invoice from Romindo.
Sometime in September 1999, the appellant had called him and asked for a
purchase order from PT Romindo for a welding machine and it was to be
backdated to 16 April 1999. The appellant dictated all the words in the
purchase order and asked for a corresponding handwritten note. Hedi faxed it
to the appellant on 22 September 1999, thinking that it was needed for
competition reasons. The appellant did not tell Hedi the purpose of the
purchase order. Later, when Hedi demanded to know what the purchase order and
the invoice were for, the appellant failed to give him a reply.

_Fifth charge_

16 On or about 27 January 1998, the appellant misappropriated a sum of $18,000
from RT. The money was taken by a cash cheque, which the appellant had himself
prepared. Jonathan and the appellant signed the cheque. The payment voucher
for the cheque was unsigned. Jonathan said that this cheque had also been pre-
signed before he went overseas and he did not know the purpose of the cheque.
Cynthia testified that she could not locate the payment voucher for the cheque
when she had to fill in the corresponding accounting records. She made the
accounting entries in accordance with Kelly’s instructions.

  
**The Defence**

_First charge_

17 The appellant maintained that Jonathan had agreed to make this payment to
him because the appellant had bought some shares on his behalf. He claimed
that there was a record of these shares in a file kept in his office in the
Romar Group but he did not take the file with him when he left the Romar
Group. Jonathan subsequently refused to return the file so the appellant
lodged a police report upon the advice of his lawyers.

18 The appellant also explained that the sum of $80,000 had been derived from
the inflated costs of renovating RPE’s factory premises at 18 Tuas Crescent.
The renovation contract had been awarded to Audex Pte Ltd (‘Audex’) and the
appellant alleged that Jonathan had enlisted Audex’s help to inflate the
costs, so as to obtain a larger loan from the bank and to satisfy Jurong Town
Corporation’s requirements for renewal of the lease. A whole series of
transactions involving several companies and the creation of fictitious
invoices by Audex and GETS were purportedly carried out to this end. Kelly and
Tan Teck Yong (‘Tan’), who was the logistics manager of Audex, corroborated
the appellant’s defence.

  
_Second charge_

19 The defence here was that the sum of $23,100 was repayment to the appellant
for Kian Ho shares bought on Jonathan’s behalf with money borrowed from
Ardent. The appellant then gave Marie the cheque and asked her to bank it into
Ardent’s account.

20 Romar Group had invested in a project called Ayeyarwady Resources (‘AR’).
RPE and RT were to contribute equally to cash calls towards AR. Because RPE
paid on behalf of RT towards two cash calls in October and December 1996, RT
accordingly repaid RPE a sum of $107,100. The sum of $23,100 was the balance
after the respective sums of $64,000 and $20,000 had been withdrawn to pay
bonuses to the staff and directors of the Romar Group. Kelly corroborated the
appellant’s defence.

_Third charge_

21 The appellant claimed that the scam in this case was Jonathan’s way of
repaying him because he had paid Jonathan’s gambling debts for him. Sometime
in mid-1996, the appellant, Jonathan and Kwek Chee Tong (‘Kwek’) had gone on
the same cruise. Jonathan had asked the appellant to borrow gambling chips
worth $50,000 from Kwek twice, thus borrowing $100,000 altogether. Kwek
gambled on Jonathan’s behalf. Jonathan also told the appellant to ask Kwek
whether the debt could be paid in instalments and Kwek had agreed.

22 After they had returned from the cruise, Jonathan told the appellant to pay
Kwek, so the appellant made payments of $3000 and $22,000 to Kwek from his
personal bank account. In June 1997, Jonathan told the appellant that the cash
cheque of $90,000 was for him to pay the outstanding $75,000 due to Kwek.
Jonathan also said that he would account for the $90,000 as a loan from RPE.

23 The appellant then put $89,200 into his personal bank account and gave
Jonathan $800. In June, August and December 1997, the appellant issued three
cheques to Kwek, for the sums of $35,000, $20,000 and $20,000, amounting to a
total of $75,000. Apparently, Jonathan wanted to delay payment as he hoped
that Kwek’s company, Kian Ho Bearings, would help the Romar Group by issuing
letters of credit.

24 Kelly testified that Jonathan instructed her to prepare the cheque and the
payment voucher for the sum of $90,000 and he taught her how to fill in the
fictitious Nitron invoice. Jonathan also taught her and her staff to make the
relevant accounting entries. Apart from covering up the sum of $90,000, Kelly
claimed that the Nitron invoice, which was for US$212,703, had also been used
to cover up RPE’s payment of US$149,400.24 towards an AR cash call in December
1997.

_Fourth charge_

25 The appellant strenuously maintained that the welding machine had already
been sold to Romindo by the time Sin Ek offered to buy the machine. The
appellant had decided to sell the machine to PT Romindo for $11,200 and Hedi
had sent the purchase order around 16 April 1999. However, before the expiry
of the rental contract with Sin Ek, Ng desired to buy the machine and asked
the appellant to ask PT Romindo if Sin Ek could have the machine instead. Hedi
apparently agreed to sell the machine for $12,000 and Ng was agreeable to it.

26 A convoluted arrangement to complete the transactions was thought up. This
convoluted arrangement was required partly because PT Romindo was not supposed
to sell in the Singapore market. The appellant initially decided that RPE
would issue a sales order for $11,200 to Sin Ek and Romindo would also issue
an invoice for $12,000 to Sin Ek. Romindo would then collect the $12,000 from
Sin Ek and pay RPE $11,200 on behalf of Sin Ek, keeping the remaining sum of
$800 as profit from the sale.

27 Subsequently, the power source of the machine was faulty so the appellant
gave a credit note of $515 to Sin Ek. Since there was a reduction in the
profit margin, the appellant told Hedi to forgo the sale and Hedi agreed.
However, the appellant said later that he had told Hedi to forgo the profit
and not the sale.

28 The appellant then changed the price in the sales order from $11,200 to
$12,000 as RPE was to receive $12,000 from Sin Ek. The appellant asked Alex to
prepare the Romindo invoice for $12,000 and signed it on behalf of Hedi.
Romindo was to pay RPE on Sin Ek’s behalf upon the issuance of RPE’s invoice.
The appellant did not know why RPE did not issue an invoice to Sin Ek for
payment.

_Fifth charge_

29 The appellant claimed that Jonathan had told him to go to the bank to cash
the cheque and pass the money to Kelly, without telling him the purpose of the
money. However, he had the impression that the money was for bonuses for
either the staff or the three directors since it was close to Chinese New
Year. He duly cashed the cheque and passed the money to Kelly in a DBS
envelope.

30 Subsequently in June 1999, before Kelly left the Romar Group, she passed
the same envelope containing the money to the appellant for safekeeping. There
was a note on the envelope in Kelly’s handwriting, stating “CP (common pool)
in the safe” but the appellant did not know why Kelly wrote these words. He
then kept the envelope in his briefcase under his table in his office in the
Romar Group, till his services were terminated in September 1999. He claimed
that he could not return the money to Jonathan as Jonathan was overseas and PC
had already left the Romar Group. Again, Kelly corroborated his version of
events.

31 The appellant only returned the money through his solicitors on 23
September 1999 when he realised that the money was part of a civil suit, High
Court Suit No 1378 of 1999 (‘the civil suit’), taken against him. He
maintained that the money was in his possession only because he had taken the
briefcase containing the money with him on 22 September 1999, the day his
services were terminated.

**The decision below**

32 In relation to the four s 409 charges, the trial judge found that the
ingredients of the offences had been established because: (a) the appellant
was entrusted with dominion over property, being the various sums of money;
(b) he was so entrusted in the way of his business as agent of the Romar
Group; and (c) there was dishonest misappropriation of the property. Together
with Kelly, he had devised an elaborate plan to hide their misdeeds through
fictitious invoices and false accounting entries.

33 As for the s 420 cheating charge, the elements of the charge had been made
out because: (a) the appellant had the dishonest intention to induce Geraldine
to deliver property, being the sum of $12,000; (b) Geraldine was deceived: and
(c) thus induced, she delivered the property. As such, the prosecution had
proven its case beyond a reasonable doubt against the appellant on all the
five charges.

34 The key prosecution witness, Jonathan, was found to be consistent and
credible. More importantly, solid documentary evidence and credible witnesses,
such as Cynthia, Alex, Geraldine, PC and Hedi had supported Jonathan’s version
of events.

35 In contrast, the trial judge found the credit of the appellant, Kelly and
Marie to be impeached. The testimonies given by the appellant and Kelly were
internally inconsistent, weak and incredible at times. Other defence
witnesses, such as Tan and Kwek were unlikely to be independent witnesses.

**Appeal against conviction**

36 This was a classic example of a case where the veracity of witnesses was in
issue and where the outcome of the case depended almost entirely on whose
testimony the trial judge believed.

37 The appellant’s grounds of appeal were mainly that the trial judge erred in
rejecting his version of events. The appellant also contended that the trial
judge erred in failing to make an impeachment ruling during the trial, which
prejudiced the appellant’s defence.

38 I shall now deal with each of these arguments in turn.

_Whether the trial judge erred in rejecting the appellant’s version of events_

39 The appellant’s numerous grounds of appeal mainly reiterated his defence at
the court below. Even those grounds of appeal which were pleaded as the trial
judge’s ‘errors in fact and in law’ were essentially findings of fact where
the appellant claimed that the trial judge accorded the wrong weight to
certain pieces of evidence. As I noted during the hearing before me, counsel
should be careful not to use such terminology loosely and end up misleading
the court.

40 It is settled law that an appellate court will not disturb a lower court’s
findings of fact unless they were clearly reached against the weight of
evidence or they were plainly wrong: _PP v Chong Siew Chin_ [2002] 1 SLR 117.
An appellate court, if it wishes to reverse the trial judge’s decision, has to
not merely entertain doubts whether the decision was right but has to be
convinced that it was wrong: _PP v Poh Oh Sim_ [1990] SLR 1047, _Azman Bin
Abdullah v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 704. In examining the evidence, an appellate court
has to bear in mind that it has neither seen nor heard the witnesses and has
to pay due regard to the trial judges’ findings and their reasons: _Lim Ah Poh
v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713, _Soh Lip Hwa v PP_ [2001] 4 SLR 198.

41 At the hearing before me, counsel for the appellant strenuously argued that
the trial judge failed to consider that Jonathan was the mastermind and
manipulator behind the labyrinth of irregular transactions. It was contended
that if Jonathan had really been concentrating on his overseas business, then
he should not have had the presence of mind and the time to give instructions
to prepare documents which were false or inflated. Furthermore, Jonathan’s
mere denial of knowledge of the payments and purpose of the payments to the
appellant was unconvincing.

42 In contrast, the appellant was made out to be a weak-willed and submissive
person who unknowingly facilitated Jonathan’s schemes. Apparently, it was only
during the civil suit that the appellant learnt from Kelly that the payment
vouchers and invoices used to support the various payments had been inflated
or forged. Counsel for the appellant also submitted that the trial judge did
not properly consider the fact that since the appellant had no dealings with
some of the companies used for the movement of moneys, he could not have
devised the scams.

43 In my view, the arguments advanced by counsel were of no merit. The trial
judge had taken into account these arguments in coming to her decision. She
had also found Jonathan to be honest and forthcoming, even with his
involvement in directing six irregular transactions, where false or irregular
documents and accounting entries were used to inflate company expenses so as
to evade paying taxes. The trial judge noted that these transactions were for
the good of the companies and the companies did not suffer any losses.
Furthermore, the Romar Group had fully accounted for all these irregular
transactions to the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore.

44 On the other hand, it was the appellant who had tried to minimise his
involvement in the irregular transactions while exaggerating that of
Jonathan’s with baseless accusations and wild speculations. Kelly had
supported the appellant’s defence in full, sometimes to the most minute of
details. However, the trial judge found that the evidence of the appellant and
Kelly was patently inconsistent, illogical and at times ludicrous. Moreover,
the appellant had been unable to produce any documentary evidence in support
of his claims that he had acted only at Jonathan’s behest. Both prosecution
and defence witnesses alike had also roundly contradicted his evidence. Worse
still, prosecution witnesses testified that both the appellant and Kelly had
tried to persuade them to give false evidence.

45 Besides Kelly’s dishonesty and her inconsistent statements, the trial judge
rightly noted that she was not an independent witness. First, when problems
between Jonathan and the appellant surfaced in June 1999, Kelly left the Romar
Group to work for Marie, who enjoyed a close relationship with the appellant.
He is the father of Marie’s child. Second, Kelly helped the appellant prepare
for the civil suit, as well as his defence at the trial below. Third, she was
willing to help the appellant to the extent of asking Cynthia to fabricate
evidence in his favour.

46 Furthermore, I should add that, as I noted in _Jimina Jacee d/o C D
Athananasius v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR 205, due weight should be accorded to a trial
judge’s assessment of a witness’ credibility based on demeanour in court. The
trial judge was entitled to find that the appellant was not what the defence
made him out to be - the meek and subservient employee who followed Jonathan’s
every command. In stark contrast, the trial judge found that the appellant was
clearly an intelligent, sharp and alert man who answered ably in court.

47 Apart from the trial judge’s assessment of the appellant’s and Kelly’s poor
creditworthiness, the trial judge also gave clear and compelling reasons why
the defence could not withstand scrutiny. Having perused the evidence, I could
find no fault with the trial judge’s findings. They were not plainly wrong or
clearly reached against the weight of evidence. As such, I dismissed the
appeal against conviction.

48 I only wish to comment further on a point of contention relating to the
impeachment proceedings against the appellant and Kelly.

_Whether the trial judge erred in not making an impeachment ruling at the
trial_

49 Counsel for the appellant argued that the trial judge’s failure to make an
impeachment ruling either at the close of the impeachment proceedings or at
the end of the trial had prejudiced the appellant because the defence had
assumed during the trial that the appellant’s and Kelly’s credit would not be
impeached. Hence, as no clear ruling had been made, the discrepancies in the
appellant’s and Kelly’s testimonies ought not to be held against them.

50 This submission cannot stand. The law on this matter has been decisively
laid down in the case of _Loganatha_ _Venkatesan & Ors v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 677,
where the Court of Appeal held that there is no requirement that the trial
judge must, at any stage of the trial, make a ruling on whether the credit of
a witness is impeached. All that is required is that the court must consider
the discrepancies and the explanation proffered by the witness for the purpose
of an overall assessment of his credibility. Regardless of whether his credit
is impeached, the duty of the court to evaluate the evidence in its entirety
to determine which aspect to believe remains.

51 As such, the trial judge did not err in not making a ruling at the trial
that the credit of the appellant and Kelly had been impeached.

52 The appellant also relied on the cases of _PP v Somwang Phatthanasaeng_
[1992] 1 SLR 138 and _PP v Mohammed Faizal Shah_ [1998] 1 SLR 333 for the
proposition that just because the credit of an accused person has been
impeached does not necessarily mean that all his evidence must be disregarded.
The appellant alleged that the trial judge disbelieved the testimonies of the
appellant and Kelly mainly because of the impeachment of their credit.

53 It is evident that this was not the case. The trial judge had carefully
scrutinised the whole of the evidence to determine which aspects might be true
and which aspects should be disregarded. Indeed, her very detailed grounds of
decision attested to this. The trial judge had undoubtedly considered the
reliability and strength of the appellant’s and Kelly’s evidence, independent
of the impeachment proceedings.

54 Since the trial judge had been very thorough in her assessment of the
evidence and she had taken into account the entirety of the evidence in
arriving at her decision, there was clearly no injustice done to the appellant
in giving little or no weight to the evidence of the appellant and Kelly.

55 Counsel for the appellant added that the trial judge had been wrong to
impeach the appellant’s credit since there had been no application for
impeachment at the court below when the statement (exhibit P80) was tendered
by the prosecution.

56 A perusal of the record of proceedings shows that while the prosecution did
not formally apply for the appellant’s credit to be impeached, it was
understood by the trial judge, the prosecution and the defence, that the
prosecution was applying for this.

57 When the prosecution applied to cross-examine on the statement, defence
counsel asked for, and was given, reasonable time to take instructions from
the appellant on the statements before he was cross-examined on them. The
trial judge also proceeded to confirm that the appellant had made the
statements voluntarily. Since the statements were not contested, the trial
judge admitted them. The prosecution then explained the discrepancies to the
appellant and the appellant was given a fair and full opportunity to explain
the inconsistencies.

58 These steps taken by the trial judge, the prosecution and the defence, were
consistent with the usual court procedures in relation to impeachment. In my
judgment, the appellant had been treated fairly and justly and it would be
erroneous to assert that the trial judge had been wrong in impeaching the
appellant’s credit just because there had been no formal application to
impeach his credit.

59 I now turn to the appeal against sentence.

**Appeal against Sentence**

60 It is well-established that an appellate court will not generally interfere  
with the sentence passed by a trial court unless there was some error of fact  
or principle, or the sentence was manifestly excessive or unjust: _Tan Koon
Swan v P_ P [1986] SLR 126 _, Lim Poh Tee v PP_ [2001] 1 SLR 674.

61 The appellant did not raise any specific grounds for his appeal. There were
also no mitigating factors of much value. Notwithstanding that, I still
considered if the sentence was manifestly excessive in the circumstances.

62 A person found guilty of an offence of criminal breach of trust under s 409
of the Penal Code may be sentenced to imprisonment for life, or for a term,
which may extend to 10 years and also be liable to a fine. The punishment
provided for an offence of cheating under s 420 of the Penal Code is
imprisonment for a term, which may extend to seven years and a fine.

63 With regard to the s 409 charges, I have previously noted in _Sarjit Singh
s/o Mehar Singh v PP_ [2002] 4 SLR 762 that convictions under s 409 of the
Penal Code are more serious than simple criminal breach of trust cases, since
under the situations envisioned by the provision, the offender was ex
hypothesi standing in a fiduciary type relationship with the victim of the
offence.

64 Accordingly, the trial judge had been mindful that the appellant had
committed the four s 409 offences whilst in a position of high trust and
responsibility and his wrongdoings had to be viewed with severity. These were
not offences committed on the spur of the moment but schemes that had been
elaborately engineered. The appellant had misappropriated a sum of $211,100
over a period of about half a year.

65 The appellant had also shown no signs of remorse or repentance for the
commission of the offences. The repayment of $18,000 under the fifth charge
could not be considered restitution since the repayment was meant to bolster
his defence and he remained adamant that he did not dishonestly misappropriate
the sums. The trial judge had nevertheless taken this repayment into account
in considering the total loss to the companies.

66 In ordering only the first two sentences to run consecutively and in not
selecting the two longest sentences, it was clear that the trial judge had not
been unduly harsh. The total sentence of 45 months’ imprisonment imposed on
the appellant could not be said to be manifestly excessive.

67 Similarly, for the s 420 charge, the appellant did not demonstrate any
remorse. He did not repay the sum of $12,000 as restitution but again, used it
to shore up his defence. Further, he was a de facto director of RPE and a
partner of Romindo but abused both positions to bring his dishonest plans to
fruition. The term of 12 months’ imprisonment imposed was clearly within the
acceptable range. In any event, the sentence for this charge did not affect
the overall sentence imposed since it was ordered to run concurrently with the
sentences for the s 409 charges.

68 For the foregoing reasons, I ordered the appeal against sentence to be
dismissed.

Appeal against conviction and sentence dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Aug 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

