Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chew Eu Hock Construction Co Pte Ltd (under judicial management) v Central
Provident Fund Board  
[2003] SGHC 199

Case Number | : | OS 495/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Patrick Ang and Lynette Lee (Rajah & Tann) for the Judicial Manager; Lim Fung Peen (John Tan & Chan) for The Central Provident Fund Board   
Parties | : |  Chew Eu Hock Construction Co Pte Ltd (under judicial management) — Central Provident Fund Board   
  
Companies – Schemes of arrangement – Appropriate time to object to scheme of
arrangement – Whether objections need to be raised before the court sanctions
scheme of arrangement  
  
Companies – Schemes of arrangement – Scheme providing that all claims of
unsecured creditors be settled by conversion into shares of public listed
company – Central Provident Fund Board rejecting scheme of arrangement after
scheme becoming effective – Whether Central Provident Fund Board enjoys, at
law, priority over the other unsecured creditors visa-a-vis approved scheme of
arrangement  
  

The facts

1 Tay Swee Sze was appointed the interim Judicial Manager and then the
Judicial Manager (JM) on the 7 November and 23 November 2001 respectively, in
Originating Petition No. 600027 of 2001 (the OP) which petition was presented
by Chew Eu Hock Construction Co Private Limited (the Company). The appointment
of the JM in the OP was for the following purposes:

(i) the approval under s 210 of the Companies Act (Cap 50) of a compromise or
arrangement between the Company and any such person as mentioned in that
section and**;**

(ii) the survival of the Company, or the whole or part of its undertaking as a
going concern.

The purpose in (i) was to take place in tandem with the capital and debt
restructuring exercise of the Company's parent company Chew Eu Hock Holdings
Ltd (CEH), which involved a reverse takeover of CEH by another group of
companies.

2 The Company which is in the construction and civil engineering business, had
incurred net losses for the financial years ending 31 July 2000 and 31 July
2001, in the sums of $7.5m and $26.2m respectively. A further loss of $54.1m
was incurred for the 8 months between August 2001 and 31 March 2002. These
losses resulted in the Company's net tangible assets being reduced to a
negative figure prompting the OP to be filed by the Company.

3 The Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of CEH which is a public company
quoted on the Stock Exchange of Singapore (SGX). CEH had, on 10 April 2002
obtained the court's sanction for its capital reduction exercise whereby the
par value of its ordinary shares was reduced from $0.20 to $0.005; the capital
reduction was deemed to have taken effect on 19 April 2002.

4 As part of its own debt restructuring plan, CEH entered into an agreement
with Hiap Hoe Holdings Pte Ltd (Hiap Hoe) on 30 January 2002. Under the terms
thereof, Hiap Hoe granted to CEH a call option, requiring Hiap Hoe to sell the
entire issued share capital in the Hiap Hoe group of companies to CEH in
consideration for which acquisition, Hiap Hoe would be issued new shares in
the capital of CEH. The Hiap Hoe group of companies comes under Hiap Hoe
Limited, also listed on the SGX and which business activities are similar to
CEH's, namely piling and civil engineering. The acquisition would result in
Hiap Hoe Limited becoming a major shareholder of CEH.

5 Part of the scheme of arrangement proposed under s 210 of the Act for the
Company was for CEH to assume liability for the claims of the unsecured
creditors of the Company, to the extent and for the amount admitted by the JM.
The JM was also the manager of the scheme. CEH undertook to settle the
unsecured claims by converting the same into shares of par value $0.005 each
in CEH. Such allotment and issuance of shares would constitute a full and
final settlement of all liabilities owed by the Company to its unsecured
creditors.

6 By an Order of Court obtained on 19 June 2002 in Originating Summons No. 738
of 2002, the Court directed the Company to convene a meeting of its unsecured
creditors for the purpose of approving the scheme. The meeting was held on 29
November 2002 at which the JM presented the scheme for approval as well as a
Statement of Proposals pursuant to s 227M of the Companies Act. More than 96%
in value of the creditors present and voting approved the scheme as well as
the Statement of Proposals.

7 On 2 December 2002, CEH held an extraordinary general meeting to obtain its
shareholders’ approval to the allotment of shares to the Company’s unsecured
creditors; approval was given. CEH applied for and obtained, the sanction of
the court to the scheme of arrangement on 11 December 2002; the Order of Court
was lodged with the Registrar of Companies on 16 December 2002. The scheme of
arrangement thereby became effective. On 16 January 2003, CEH alloted and
issued shares to the unsecured creditors of the Company pursuant to the
scheme.

The dispute

8 The only outstanding claim against the Company was that of the Central
Provident Fund (CPF) Board (the defendants) which caused a dispute to arise
between the JM and the defendants culminating in these proceedings. The
defendants’ solicitors had written to the JM on 31 December 2002, rejecting
the shares issued by CEH to settle the Company’s liability for arrears of CPF
contributions (outstanding since April 1998) of $322,866/- ($232,148/- plus
interest of $90,702/-) as at 23 November 2001 (when the JM was appointed). The
defendants took the stand that they could only accept cash not shares, to
discharge the Company’s outstanding liability for CPF contributions, citing
regulation 4 of the CPF Regulations.

The application

9 The JM did not accept the defendants’ stand. Consequently, on 3 April 2003,
he commenced this Originating Summons (OS) on behalf of the Company and prayed
inter alia for the following reliefs:

(i) for an order that the defendants be bound by the terms of the scheme of
arrangement effected on 16 December 2002 between the plaintiff, unsecured
creditors of the Company and CEH;

(ii) for an order that the allotment and issuance of shares in CEH to the
defendants in accordance with the terms of the scheme of arrangement
constitutes a full and final discharge of the liabilities owed by the
plaintiff to the defendants, and

(iii) costs.

10 The OS came up before me on 12 May and after hearing counsel for the
parties, I granted an order in terms of the above prayers and made the
following additional order:

the shares issued to the defendants shall be deposited with the Central
Depository (Pte) Ltd (CDP) by the plaintiffs who shall upon depositing the
shares notify the defendants, and the defendants shall within seven (7) days
of such notification advise the JM as to whether the shares shall continue to
be held by the JM as trustee for the defendants, or are to be sold, failing
which the JM shall be at liberty to sell the shares so held and pay the nett
sale proceeds (less sales commission and other charges) to the defendants.

11 In support of the OS, the JM filed an affidavit stating largely what I have
set out in paras 1 to 7 above. He pointed out that notices were placed on the
4 and 6 February 2002 in the Straits Times and Lianhe Zaobao newspapers
respectively, advising creditors to prove their debts and claims against the
Company on or before 18 July 2002. Pursuant to the notices, the JM received a
proof of debt from the defendants in the amount of $322,866 for arrears of CPF
contributions due to certain employees of the Company.

12 The JM deposed he placed another notice in both newspapers on 15 November
2002 giving creditors notice that a meeting would take place on 29 November
2002. On the same day, the JM posted separately notices of the meeting to all
creditors including the defendants, enclosing therewith copies of the scheme
of arrangement, Statement of Proposals, proxy forms and explanatory statement.
The defendants did not attend the meeting of creditors held on 29 November
2002.

13 On 3 December 2002 the JM wrote to all creditors informing them that the
scheme and the Statement of Proposals he proposed had been approved by an
overwhelming majority. By a letter dated 17 December 2002, the defendants
informed the JM that they were unable to accept shares in CEH as payment of
the arrears of CPF contributions owed by the Company. Th defendants followed
up with a demand on 6 January 2003 to the Company, for CPF contributions
totalling $232,148/- and late interest payment of another $90,718/-.

14 Further exchange of correspondence did not resolve the impasse between the
parties as each side would not compromise on the stand it took; hence this OS.

15 A senior executive of the defendants Ng Beng Huat (Ng) filed an affidavit
where he _inter alia_ deposed:

(i) that the defendants did not attend the creditors' meeting held on 29
November 2002 as in the past, judicial managers of other companies under
judicial management had always treated the defendants as preferential
creditors, they being a statutory board tasked to collect and manage a fund
for the benefit of all its members;

(ii) judicial managers have always paid the defendants cash;

(iii) the defendants' solicitors had written to the JM on 31 December 2002 to
reject the latter's payment of the Company's CPF contributions by way of
shares pointing out that the defendants did not have a CDP account or any
means by which to hold shares:

(iv) in a subsequent letter dated 20 January 2003 from their to the JM's,
solicitors, the defendants had reiterated that they are not unsecured
creditors and CPF contributions cannot be left to the vagaries of how
unsecured creditors chose to vote to determine whether such contributions are
paid;

(v) the JM's stand that the defendants have no priority as a creditor in
judicial management proceedings goes against legislative intent.

16 In support of the defendants' stand, Ng cited ss 7 and 12(1) of the Central
Provident Fund Act Cap 36 (the CPF Act) as well as Regulations 4 and 15(4)(d)
made thereunder and case-law, which I shall refer to later.

17 Ng also relied on s 68 of the CPF Act for his contention that even in
executions proceedings (by way of writs of seizure and sale, mortgagee sales
and garnishee proceedings), an employee who is owed CPF contributions would
have priority of payment from the execution proceeds ahead of the execution
creditors. He (see para 11 of his affidavit) accepted that s 68 is not
incorporated into the provisions governing judicial management under the
Companies Act. However, he contended that _judicial managers have always
exercised their wide powers in a way that CPF Board is given preference, and
not treated on par with ordinary creditors._

18 In his affidavit, Ng deposed that the JM's approach was flawed from the
very start by failing to recognise the defendants' priority and, to provide a
special category for them or to treat them as preferred creditors. The scheme
of arrangement for the Company should have been drafted to give recognition to
the defendants' priority status. He said the defendants were therefore
justified in not attending the creditors' meeting and objecting to the scheme
as, their presence would not have made any difference. Ng's views were
misconceived for reasons which I shall set out later.

The decision

19 I accepted the submissions of the Company that claims for CPF
contributions/arrears do not enjoy priority in judicial management proceedings
and accordingly granted the orders sought by the JM.

20 It would be useful at this stage to refer to the relevant provisions of the
Companies Act in this regard; s 210 states:

(1) Where a compromise or arrangement is proposed between a company and its
creditors or any class of them or between the company and its members or any
class of them, the Court may, on the application in a summary way of the
company or of any creditor or member of the company, or, in the case of a
company being wound up, of the liquidator, order a meeting of the creditors or
class of creditors or of the members of the company or class of members to be
summoned in such manner as the Court directs.

(2) …………………………………………………………….

(3) If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the
creditors or class of creditors or members or class of members present and
voting either in person or by proxy at the meeting or the adjourned meeting
agrees to any compromise or arrangement, the compromise or arrangement shall,
if approved by order of the Court, be binding on all the creditors or class of
creditors or on the members or class of members, as the case may be, and also
on the company or, in the case of a company in the course of being wound up,
on the liquidator and contributories of the company.

while s 227(X) states:

At any time when a judicial management order is in force in relation to a
company under judicial management —

(a) section 210 shall apply as if for subsection (1) and (3) thereof there
were substituted the following:

'(1) Where a compromise or arrangement is proposed between a company and its
creditors the Court may on the application of the judicial manager order a
meeting of creditors to be summoned in such manner as the Court directs.

(3) If three-fourths in value of the creditors present and voting either in
person or by proxy at the meeting agree to any compromise or arrangement, the
compromise or arrangement, if approved by the Court, is binding on all the
creditors and on the judicial manager'; and

(b) sections 337, 340, 341 and 342 shall apply as if the company under
judicial management were a company being wound up and the judicial manager
were the liquidator, but this shall be without prejudice to the power of the
Court to order that any other section in Part X shall apply to a company under
judicial management as if it applied in a winding up by the Court and any
reference to the liquidator shall be taken as a reference to the judicial
manager and any reference to a contributory as a reference to a member of the
company.

[Part X of the Companies Act relate to the winding up provisions].

21 The defendants had relied on s 12(1) of the CPF Act; it states:

All sums recovered or collected on account of contributions to the Fund under
this Act shall be paid into or carried to the Fund in such manner as may be
prescribed

while Regulation 4 made under the CPF Act states:

All contributions to the Fund and all fees and charges payable to the Board
may be paid

(a) in cash at the Board's office or at any post office in Singapore duly
authorised to receive money on behalf of the Board;

(b) by money order, postal order or cheque drawn on any bank in Singapore
delivered or sent by post to the Board's office;

(c) by any electronic means as the Board may permit from time to time, subject
to such terms and conditions as the Board may impose in connection with the
use of such means; or

(d) in such other manner as the Board may from time to time authorise in any
particular case or class of cases.

22 Counsel for the JM did not dispute the propositions of law in the two (2)
authorities cited by the defendants, to which I now turn. The first case _PN
Electronic Pte Ltd v PP_ [1984-85] SLR 529 spelt out that the objectives
behind the CPF Act were to provide a scheme for compulsory contributions to
ensure every employee would, upon retirement have a nest egg to live on _.
Soon Aik Marine & Engineering Pte Ltd_ [1987] SLR 247 stood for the
proposition that every employer is required at law to pay CPF contributions,
the defendants are expressly appointed the trustees of the fund, contributions
made to the fund belong to a member absolutely and the defendants may sue and
recover sums due to the fund as if they were debts due to the government.

23 With respect, the above cases and the legislation relied on by the
defendants are not relevant to the OS and do not advance their case. It is
also not a relevant consideration that two (2) directors of the Company have
been issued summonses for the Company's failure to pay CPF contributions to
employees nor is the outcome of those prosecutions material. What is in issue
is not whether the defendants occupy a special position at law (they do) or
whether the Company's statutory liability to its employers for CPF
contributions can be disputed (it cannot) nor whether cash appears to be the
authorised mode of payment for CPF contributions (it is) but, whether the
defendants at law enjoy priority over other unsecured creditors vis a vis the
approved scheme of arrangement of the Company.

24 There is currently no legislation that accords CPF contributions priority
in payment, where a corporate employer is placed under judicial management and
schemes of arrangements/compromises of the company's unsecured claims have
been approved by its creditors and sanctioned by the court. Consequently, the
stand adopted in Ng's affidavit by the defendants, that the JM owed a duty to
the defendants to ensure CPF claims have priority of payment is unfounded and
unreasonable.

25 The legislation relevant to this OS is to be found in the Companies Act, in
particular ss 210 and 227(X) which provisions have already been set out above.
Section 328 of the same Act was also referred to by the defendants for their
proposition that the JM should have regard to their special position under the
law. That section however, sets out the priority in payment by liquidators _in
winding-up cases_ , starting with costs of the petitioning creditor and ending
with GST (goods and services tax); CPF contributions rank fifth under
subsection (e) thereof. The priorities under s 328 are _not_ incorporated into
s 227(X)(b). Ng however argued (in his para 26) that even if the JM was not
obliged to, he should have at least drawn the Court's attention to the
outstanding CPF contributions presumably so that the court can exercise its
discretion under s 227(X)(b) to accord priority to the claim.

26 A consideration which I took into account was the defendants' failure to
attend the creditors' meeting and voice the objections which they now sought
to raise in Ng's affidavit. As was rightly pointed out by counsel for the JM,
the defendants raised their objections far too late (on 17 December 2002),
well after the order sanctioning the scheme had been obtained and lodged with
the Registry of Companies pursuant to s 210(5) of the Companies Act. To accept
the defendants' objections at such a late stage would be unfair, unreasonable
and prejudicial to the JM, the new investor (Hiap Hoe) of the Company and to
other creditors alike. The defendants' explanation for their failure to attend
the creditors' meeting was unacceptable, more so as they expected the Court to
exercise its powers under s 227(X)(b) of the Companies Act in their favour. It
was for _the defendants not the JM_ , to ask the court on 11 December 2002, to
give special consideration to the claim for CPF contributions.

27 Counsel for the JM had relied on _Re UDL Holdings Ltd_ [2002] 1 HKC 172 for
his argument that the defendants should have raised their objections when the
JM applied to court for sanction of the scheme of arrangement. There, the Hong
Kong Court of Final Appeal dealt with s 166 of the Companies Ordinance which
provisions are _in pari materia_ with our s 210 (1) and (3). In that case, a
similar objection was raised by former employees of 7 subsidiaries to schemes
of arrangement approved by creditors of the parent and subsidiary companies.
The court inter alia held (at pp 184) that it is the responsibility of the
company putting forward the scheme to decide whether to summon a single
meeting or more than one meeting. If the meeting or meetings are improperly
constituted, _objection should be taken on the application for sanction_ and
the court bears the risk that the application will be dismissed.

28 Much the same was said in the local decision (unreported) in OS 1017 of
2000 of _Eltraco International Pte Ltd v Sennet Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd
& 7 others_ — objections to the scheme must be made before it is approved and
sanctioned by the court; I see no reason to depart from the rule.

29 In the Australian decision of _Chief Commissioner of Pay-Roll Tax v Group
Four Industries Pty Ltd_ 8 ACLR 973 the plaintiff sought a declaration he was
not bound by the scheme of arrangement reached between the defendant company
with certain of its creditors (and approved by the court under s 315(4)(b) of
the Companies (NSW) Code), by virtue of his having statutory priority in a
liquidation. McLelland J refused the application and held that the
Commissioner was bound (at p 976) as

otherwise, despite approval by the court there could never be any certainty
that a compromise or arrangement was legally operative, and it might remain
open to collateral challenge indefinitely on grounds not susceptible to ready
discovery or investigation. ……..

Consequently, McLelland J held that once the court made an order under s
315(4)(b) approving a compromise or arrangement and an office copy had been
lodged with the Commission pursuant to s 315(12), the compromise or
arrangement was binding, notwithstanding any defect or irregularity that may
have occurred in the steps leading up to the making of the order. The judge
further endorsed the comments of Hart J in _Frick Australia v Pen Pak Ocean
Products_ [1971] Qd R 286 that

the public would never be safe in treating a scheme as valid and great
inconvenience would result to companies, to creditors, to shareholders and to
the community

if a Court accepts the contention of a party that he is not bound by a scheme
of arrangement approved by the Court, on the ground that there had been no
separate meeting of a distinct class of creditors to which he claimed to
belong. Another Australian case in the same vein cited by counsel is _Ray
Brooks Pty Ltd v New South Wales Grains Board_ 41 ACSR 631.

30 The defendants had conceded that s 328 of the Companies Act does not apply
to judicial management situations. If indeed other judicial managers in the
past have accorded priority of payment to CPF contributions, that was an
indulgence shown to and not a statutory right of, the defendants. It does not
follow that the JM was obliged to do so here. If it was the legislative intent
that the provisions under s 328 of the Companies Act should equally apply to
judicial management proceedings, then Parliament would need to amend the
Companies Act to address the present lacuna.

31 One other (late) objection raised by the defendants to the Company's scheme
of arrangement was that the CPF Act disallowed payment of CPF contributions
other than in the form of cash, relying on s 12(1) of the CPF Act and
Regulation 4 made thereunder (para 21 _supra_). Counsel for the JM countered
that even if the provisions of s 328 of the Companies Act applied to judicial
management, it would not necessarily result in the defendants receiving cash
for the outstanding CPF contributions. He said it was precisely because the
Company was cash-strapped that the scheme of arrangement called for the
issuance of shares in CEH to the Company's unsecured creditors.

32 I note that the words in Regulation 4 are _'all contributions to the Fund_
… _may be paid in cash'_ not _'must be'_. The defendants were being
unnecessarily inflexible. The acceptance of CEH shares in lieu of cash
contributions was a temporary measure as the shares could be sold and
converted into cash for payment to the defendants. Consequently, I ordered the
JM to establish a CDP account for and on behalf of the defendants and, when no
sale instructions were forthcoming from the defendants pursuant to my
direction, I made a further order on 23 May 2003 for the shares to be sold and
the nett sale proceeds thereof paid to the defendants. Finally, I granted an
order discharging the JM since, once he complied with my directions, he had
discharged/completed all the duties for which he was appointed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

