Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chong Long Hak Kee Construction Trading Co v IEC Global Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 234

Case Number | : | Suit 527/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sadique Marican (Tito Isaac and Co) for plaintiff; Ng Siew Hoong (Peter Moe and Partners) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Chong Long Hak Kee Construction Trading Co — IEC Global Pte Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Stay of court proceedings – Court's discretion to grant stay
after defendant taken step in proceedings  
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Application for stay in favour of
arbitration agreement – Defendant serving 48-hour notice requiring plaintiff
to file and serve its Defence to defendant's Counterclaim – Whether step in
proceedings nullifying intention to arbitrate  
  

1 This is an appeal by the defendant against the decision of Assistant
Registrar Teo Hsiao-Huey who dismissed the defendant’s application for a stay
of proceedings pursuant to an arbitration clause.

2 In this action, the plaintiff claims $399,199.32 in respect of works carried
out for the defendant under a written sub-contract dated 8 February 2003 which
contains the following term:

‘**Article 5: Settlement of disputes – Arbitration**

5.1 In case any dispute or difference shall arise between the Main Contractor
and the Sub-contractor either during the progress or after the completion or
abandonment of the Works as to :

5.1.1 the construction of this Contract; or

5.1.2 any matter or thing of whatsoever nature arising hereunder or in
connection herewith then such dispute or difference shall be and is hereby
referred to the arbitration and final decision of a person to be agreed
between the parties to act as Arbitrator, or, failing agreement within
fourteen (14) days after either party has given to other written request to
concur in the appointment of an Arbitrator, a person to be appointed to the
request of either party by the person named in Appendix 1 to the Conditions
provided always the Main Contractor and the Sub-contractor are at liberty to
agree between themselves to refer such dispute or difference for mediation
prior to referring the same to Arbitration I an effort to solve the matter.’

3 On 26 May 2003, this writ of summons was filed. It was served on the
defendant two days later. On 3 June, the defendant entered an appearance in
the action. On 18 June, at a pre-trial conference (‘PTC’) before the
Registrar, the defendant indicated that it intended to file an application for
stay of proceedings pursuant to the arbitration clause. Accordingly, no
directions for the further conduct of the proceedings were given and the PTC
was adjourned to 1 August 2003.

4 On 20 June 2003, the plaintiff served a 48-hour notice on the defendant to
file and serve the Defence failing which judgment in default would be entered.
The defendant stated that having no other alternative to preserve its legal
position, it filed its Defence and Counterclaim on 23 June 2003. Paragraph 1
of the Defence proclaims that the defendant was filing its defence without
prejudice to its right to file an application to stay proceedings on the basis
that the parties had agreed that the cause of action alleged in the Statement
of Claim be referred to arbitration. The Counterclaim which begins at
paragraph 9 states that the defendant repeats paragraphs 1 to 8 of the
Defence. At the same time, the defendant filed the present application for a
stay of proceedings.

5 On 4 July 2003, the Assistant Registrar heard and dismissed the defendant’s
application on the ground that it had taken a step in the proceedings within
the meaning of s 6 (1) Arbitration Act. She awarded the plaintiff costs fixed
at $300.

6 On 8 July 2003, the defendant’s solicitors sent the following letter to the
plaintiff’s solicitors:

‘We refer to the above matter and to the writ of summons which was served on
your clients on 23rd June 2003.

Please note that your clients’ Defence to Counterclaim is overdue. Kindly let
us have the same **_within 48 hours hereof_** , failing which we have our
clients’ strict instructions to enter Judgment against your clients and
proceed with execution proceedings thereafter for recovery of the Judgment
sum.’

(The ‘writ of summons’ referred to in the letter should have read ‘Defence and
Counterclaim’.)

Accordingly, the plaintiff filed its Defence to Counterclaim on 9 July 2003.

7 On 17 July 2003, the defendant filed an appeal against the Assistant
Registrar’s decision of 4 July 2003 (Registrar’s Appeal No. 220 of 2003), the
appeal before me. The appeal proceeded on the same preliminary issue of
whether the defendant had taken a step in the proceedings, thereby depriving
itself of the right to apply for a stay

**The Decision of the Court**

8 S 6 (1) Arbitration Act provides:

‘Where any party to an arbitration agreement institutes any proceedings in any
court against any other party to the agreement in respect of any matter which
is the subject of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any time
after appearance and before delivering any pleading or taking any other step
in the proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as the
proceedings relate to that matter.’

9 Paragraph 20.035 of _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ , Volume 2, 2003 Reissue
makes the following statements:

‘……. A step taken in the proceedings would nullify the party’s right to seek a
stay under the statutory provision and is not merely a matter for the exercise
of the court’s discretion to grant a stay. …..

There is no definitive rule as to what amounts to a ‘step in the proceedings’.
It is generally accepted that any step which affirms the correctness of the
proceedings or demonstrates a willingness or intention to defend the substance
of the claim in court instead of arbitration may be construed as such. Clear
examples of such steps would be filing of a defence on the merits of the claim
……… Where, however, such applications are made with the expressed reservation
that a stay application will be made on the basis of the arbitration
agreement, the right could be preserved. However, requests made to the
plaintiffs for extension of time for filing a defence; a request for
particulars of the claim or to file a defence; filing affidavits in opposition
to the continuation of an interim injunction; commencement of an action for
the principal purpose of obtaining a mandatory order for delivery up of goods,
have been held not to be ‘steps in the proceeding’.’

10 In _Yeoh Poh San & Anor v Won Siok Wan_ [2002] 4 SLR 91, after the
defendant was served with a writ of summons in Malaysia, she entered an
appearance here and applied for an order that the proceedings be stayed or
dismissed or discontinued on the ground of multiplicity of proceedings or
_forum non conveniens._ She failed in that application. Woo Bih Li JC held
that when a plaintiff’s solicitor was aware that a defendant had filed an
appeal against a refusal to order a stay, he should not insist on the filing
of the Defence pending the hearing of the appeal. The judge was of the view
that this principle applied to an application for a stay on any grounds and
was not confined to a challenge based on absence of jurisdiction. He held that
to insist on the filing of the Defence would be wrong because it would defeat
the very purpose of the appeal. If the plaintiff’s solicitor insisted on the
filing of the Defence, the defendant’s solicitor should apply for an extension
of time to file the Defence pending the outcome of the appeal and an extension
of time should generally be granted so as not to render the appeal nugatory.

11 On the present facts, the 48-hour notice by the plaintiff’s solicitors was
given only after the period for the service of the Defence had lapsed and no
application for a stay had been taken out despite what was said at the PTC.
The 48-hour notice was therefore entirely justifiable. S 6 (1) Arbitration Act
implies that an application for stay should be filed before the time for
serving a Defence has lapsed, failing which judgment in default of Defence may
be entered by the plaintiff. What the defendant ought to have done was to file
its application for a stay immediately and not file such an application and
the Defence at the same time. Nevertheless, the defendant did make it clear in
its Defence that it was not intending to defend the claim in Court.

12 The Malaysian High Court case of _Ting Ung Tuang v Lau Tiong Ik
Construction Sdn Bhd_ [2001] 6 MLJ 318 does not stand for the proposition that
a Defence must be filed in every case. The defendant in the Malaysian case
entered conditional appearance (a concept no longer applicable in our Rules of
Court) in a suit and allowed such appearance to become unconditional while
commencing a fresh action by way of originating summons for a stay under the
Arbitration Act. Judgment in default of Defence was therefore entered in the
suit. In refusing to set aside the default judgment, the learned judge there
held that the dilemma faced by the defendant could have been avoided if an
application had been filed to either stay the proceedings or to set aside the
same on the ground that the Court did not have jurisdiction in view of the
agreement to arbitrate. That way, the judge continued, if the plaintiff took
objection to the application, arguments could have been presented to the Court
on the true scope, purpose and ambit of a conditional appearance.

13 The defendant was careful enough to reserve its right to apply for a stay
in its Counterclaim by incorporating paragraph 1 of the Defence. A
Counterclaim is a separate matter from the plaintiff’s claim [Order 15 rule 2
(3)] although the rules [Order 15 rule 2 (1)] require a Counterclaim, if made,
to be added to the Defence. In a Counterclaim, the defendant takes on the
mantle of a plaintiff. The defendant here would therefore be evincing an
intention to sue on the subject matter covered by the arbitration clause if no
reservation to apply for a stay had been stated in its Counterclaim as well.

14 However, the defendant undermined itself by its action of giving its own
48-hour notice to the plaintiff in respect of its Counterclaim in the period
between the Assistant Registrar’s decision and this appeal. That notice put it
beyond doubt that it was serious in pursuing its Counterclaim in Court and not
by way of arbitration as the Counterclaim pertained to matters covered by the
arbitration clause. The 48-hour notice militated against the defendant’s
solicitors’ arguments of an ‘unequivocal, clear and consistent’ intention to
arbitrate the matters in dispute as the Counterclaim and the Defence were
intertwined. The service of the 48-hour notice by the defendant was clearly a
step in the proceedings within the meaning of s 6 (1) Arbitration Act and
thereby nullified the defendant’s right to apply for a stay.

15 The defendant’s application for a stay under the Arbitration Act therefore
failed and must be dismissed. I dismissed the appeal with costs fixed at
$1,000 to be paid by the defendant to the plaintiff.

Defendant’s appeal dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

