Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Mui Teck v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 162

Case Number | : | MA 11/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 July 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chia Boon Teck and Roy Yeo (Chia Yeo Partnership) for the appellant; Eddy Tham (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tan Mui Teck — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Normal tariff sentence for
offence under s 193 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Weight of evidence – Conflicting expert evidence – Principles to
apply when determining weight of expert evidence  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Allegation of collusion between prosecution witnesses –
Burden of proof  
  

The appellant, Tan Mui Teck (‘Tan’) was convicted in the district court on six
counts of giving false evidence in a judicial proceeding, which is an offence
under s 193 of the Penal Code. Tan was sentenced to eight months’ imprisonment
on each charge with the sentences on three charges to run consecutively for a
total term of two years’ imprisonment. Tan appealed against both his
conviction and sentence. The Public Prosecutor filed an appeal against the
sentence on the ground that it was manifestly inadequate. I dismissed the
appeal against conviction and allowed Tan’s appeal against sentence, reducing
it to one of six months per charge with the sentences for three charges to run
consecutively. I now give my reasons.

**Background**

2 At all material times, Tan was the managing director as well as a
shareholder in Ishida Technologies (‘the Company’). In 1998, the Company
launched a civil suit against three former employees – Ivan Tan (‘Ivan’),
Sharon Wan (‘Sharon’), and Edmond Kuan (‘Edmond’) [collectively referred to as
‘the trio’] – for breach of contract. The trio counter-claimed for the balance
of their wages and their Central Provident Fund (‘CPF’) entitlements. In
response, Tan filed an affidavit of evidence-in-chief that the trio was not
entitled to CPF contributions as they were consultants hired on a temporary
basis, rather than full-time employees. He further asserted that they had each
received full payment for their consultancy services.

3 In support of this, Tan presented two sets of documents. The first set
consisted of three consultancy agreements, which each member of the trio had
purportedly signed with the Company. The second set consisted of three sets of
payment vouchers, which the trio had purportedly initialled, acknowledging the
receipt of payments for their ‘consultancy services’. Tan claimed that the
trio had signed all these documents in his presence.

4 Upon sight of these documents, the trio informed their solicitors that this
was the first time that they had laid eyes on the documents and that the
signatures did not belong to them. They were then advised to lodge a police
report.

**The charges**

5 Tan was subsequently charged under s 193 of the Penal Code. The first three
charges alleged that he knowingly gave false evidence that three persons –
namely Ivan, Sharon and Edmond, had signed and entered into the consultancy
agreements dated 7 January 1997 with the Company. The fourth to sixth charges
alleged that he knowingly gave false evidence that the same three persons had
initialled certain payment vouchers.

**Appeal against conviction**

6 Since the crux of the prosecution’s case lay in proving that the signatures
were false, much of the trial centred upon the conflicting opinions of the
experts brought by each side. Not surprisingly, counsel for Tan’s primary
argument on appeal was that the judge had erred in his treatment of the expert
evidence. His second argument was that the judge had erred in his assessment
of the credibility of the witnesses.

_Expert evidence_

7 At trial, the prosecution’s expert witness was one Yap Bei Sing – a document
examiner with the Health Sciences Authority. Mr Yap explained that there were
seven levels of certainty in relation to the evidence observed between a
questioned signature and a specimen signature. Level 1 indicated that the same
person wrote both the specimen and questioned signature. Level 7 indicated
that the person who wrote the specimen did not write the questioned signature.

8 Having compared the signatures on the consultancy agreements with the
specimen signatures of the trio, Mr Yap concluded with a Level 6 certainty
that there was no evidence to indicate that Ivan and Edmond had signed the
consultancy agreements. He was similarly certain that Ivan had not initialled
the payment vouchers. He could not come to any conclusions as to Edmond’s
initials on the payment vouchers as well as Sharon’s signatures and initials
because the specimens were too different from the questioned signatures.

9 Tan’s expert was one James Blanco, an examiner of questioned documents from
the United States, who was certified by the American Board of Forensic
Document Examiners. Mr Blanco’s opinion was the direct opposite of Mr Yap’s.
He concluded with a Level 1 certainty that Ivan had signed both the
consultancy agreement and the payment vouchers. He further concluded that
Edmond had signed the consultancy agreement. Like Mr Yap, he was unable to
assist the Court as to the signatures and initials of Sharon, as well as the
initials of Edmond.

Whether the judge erred in preferring the prosecution’s expert

10 Counsel for Tan submitted to the Court that the judge should have preferred
the expert evidence of Mr Blanco as he was more ‘experienced and illustrious’
than Mr Yap. It is pertinent to note that counsel was not suggesting that Mr
Yap was not a competent witness. Rather, counsel’s argument was that Mr
Blanco’s evidence should have been preferred simply because his credentials
were more impressive.

11 In my opinion, the academic credentials of an expert may sometimes be
relevant for determining the weight of his evidence since it gives an
indicator of an expert’s familiarity with the subject. That having been said,
it is not the sole determinant for choosing between the conflicting opinions
of experts. After all, an expert need only be skilled and it is trite law that
such skill can be acquired either by special study or experience: _Leong Wing
Kong v Public Prosecutor_ [1994] 2 SLR 54. In resolving conflicting expert
opinions, it is often far more productive to look at other considerations such
as the methodology by which an expert has reached his or her conclusions and
the demeanour of the expert, rather than merely comparing the pedigree of
their _curriculum vitae_.

12 Furthermore, once a judge has weighed the conflicting opinions and reached
a conclusion as to which opinion he prefers, it is a finding of fact which an
appellate court would be loathe to disturb unless there are compelling grounds
to do so: _Muhammad Jeffry v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 1 SLR 197.

13 In this case, the judge observed that Mr Yap had had the benefit of 24
specimen signatures from Ivan and 14 specimen signatures from Edmond to work
with. In comparison, Mr Blanco had only two specimen signatures from each
person. Mr Blanco conceded under cross-examination that Mr Yap was in a better
position, in principle, to produce a more comprehensive analysis. In such a
situation, I found that the judge was fully entitled to prefer Mr Yap’s
opinion over that of Mr Blanco, and saw no reason to disturb his finding.

Whether the evidence of the prosecution’s expert created a reasonable doubt

14 Counsel for Tan then contended that, even if one were to accept Mr Yap’s
evidence, there would still exist a reasonable doubt as to whether the
signatures were genuine since Mr Yap was able to conclude with only a Level 6
certainty that the signatures were false.

15 I found this argument to be misconceived. Mr Yap had already answered under
cross-examination that a Level 6 certainty meant that he was of the opinion
that there was only a slim chance that the signatures were genuine. Given that
the burden on the prosecution was only to prove beyond reasonable doubt and
not to prove beyond all doubt, I was of the view that Mr Yap’s evidence did
not create a reasonable doubt in this case.

16 In any event, in determining whether the prosecution had made out its case,
one could not view Mr Yap’s evidence in isolation. In my view, the judge was
correct to hold that the charges had been proven beyond a reasonable doubt
based on the totality of evidence, taking into account both the testimony of
the trio as well as the inconsistencies inherent in Tan’s testimony.

_Credibility of witnesses_

17 Counsel for Tan then contended that the judge had erred in accepting the
trio as witnesses of truth and choosing to disbelieve the evidence of Tan. In
particular, counsel for Tan argued that the judge had failed to consider the
fact that the trio had an axe to grind with Tan.

18 With regard to the evidence of the trio, the judge found them to be
consistent in their testimony and under cross-examination. The judge was
conscious of the fact that the trio might have a bias but found that there was
no evidence of collusion between the trio to concoct an artificially
consistent story for the court. He also noted that there was no evidence that
the trio were all working for Ivan’s new company after their resignation from
the Company, as Tan had alleged. Further, the parties had already settled
their civil suit in the form of a Consent Order long before the criminal
proceedings began.

19 In _Lee Kwang Peng v Public Prosecutor and another appeal_ [1997] 3 SLR
278, I held that once the defence had raised an allegation of conspiracy, it
was incumbent on the prosecution to discount the possibility of collusion
beyond reasonable doubt. As such, the judge erred in this case by holding that
there was no evidence of collusion, since it was the prosecution who bore the
burden of showing there was an absence of collusion.

20 That having been said, the failure to prove a lack of collusion was not
fatal to the prosecution in this case. In _Lee Kwang Peng,_ I made the
following observation:

If, however, there is independent evidence that may be capable of supporting
or verifying the evidence of the complainants, I do not think it matters
whether this be classified as corroboration or as evidence that goes to prove
the prosecution’s case that there was no motive for fabrication – as either
way, provided the independent evidence is of sufficient probative value, the
allegation of conspiracy would be defeated.

Here, I was of the view that Mr Yap’s opinion on the signatures constituted
independent evidence supporting the evidence of the trio that the signatures
were not genuine. This discounted the element of conspiracy amongst the trio.

21 As to Tan’s evidence, it was clear that the judge was not impressed. Tan
was described as an evasive and illogical witness whose testimony was riddled
with inconsistencies. In particular, the judge noted that Tan alluded to the
fact that it was Ivan himself who had typed out the consultancy agreements –
yet, such a pertinent fact was not stated in his examination-in-chief, nor was
it put to Ivan during cross-examination. Given the circumstances, the judge
rightly concluded that Tan had made up these facts under pressure during
cross-examination.

22 Having perused the record of appeal, and bearing in mind the fact that I
did not have the advantages of the judge in observing the demeanour of the
witnesses, I saw no reason to interfere with his conclusions. In the event, I
dismissed the appeal against conviction.

**Appeal against sentence**

23 In _Koh Pee Huat v Public Prosecutor_ [1996] 3 SLR 235, I observed that the
normal tariff for an offence under s 193 of the Penal Code is six months. The
DPP urged this Court to note the aggravating circumstances in this case by
pointing out that Tan had used some skill and effort to bring forth false
evidence before the Court. In support of this, the DPP cited _Choo Pheng Soon
v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 1 SLR 698 – a case where I enhanced the sentence
from two years’ imprisonment to three and a half years.

24 I disagreed with the DPP on this point and dismissed the application to
enhance the sentence. In my opinion, the judge correctly noted that the
aggravating circumstances in _Choo Pheng Soon_ were not present in this case.
I saw no reason to depart from the normal tariff. As such, I allowed Tan’s
appeal against sentence and reduced the sentence for each charge to six
months. The sentences for three charges were to run consecutively for a total
of 18 months’ imprisonment.

Appellant’s appeal against conviction dismissed;  
Appellant’s appeal against sentence allowed;  
Public Prosecutor’s appeal against sentence dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Jul 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

