Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Rahman Pachan Pillai Prasana v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 52

Case Number | : | MA 286/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 March 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Selva K Naidu (Naidu Mohan & Theseira) for the appellant; Francis Ng (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Rahman Pachan Pillai Prasana — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Mitigation – Whether the fact
that an offender has made no financial gain or has caused no financial loss to
another from fabricating false evidence a mitigating factor.  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Benchmark sentences –
Disparity with sentences imposed in previous similar cases – Whether
consistency in sentencing overriding consideration – Applicable principles.  
  

1 The appellant claimed trial to a charge of fabricating false evidence for
use in a High Court Suit, an offence under s 193 of the Penal Code (Cap 224)
which is punishable with an imprisonment term of up to seven years.

2 The judge convicted the appellant of the charge and sentenced her to two
years’ imprisonment. The appellant initially appealed against both her
conviction and sentence. Subsequently, in a letter to the Court dated 21
February 2003, she dropped the appeal against conviction and elected to
proceed with the appeal against sentence only.

3 After careful consideration of the circumstances of this case, I dismissed
the appeal. I now give my reasons.

**The facts**

4 The appellant was at the relevant time working as the secretary of one
Gopalan Mukunnan (‘Mukunnan’), then the Honorary Consul of the Republic of
Malta to Singapore. Sometime in early 1992, the appellant and Mukunnan came to
know of a Nigerian transaction which promised a profit of US$2.7m with an
investment of only a few hundred thousand dollars. Mukunnan wanted to
participate in the deal but had insufficient funds.

5 Sometime around June 1993, Mukunnan approached his old friend, one John
Fernando (‘Fernando’) for a loan. Fernando, after discussing the loan with his
wife, Sita Fernando (‘Sita’), agreed to lend Mukunnan $50,000 for him to carry
out ‘site visits’ in Nigeria. Whilst in Nigeria, Mukunnan asked for a further
loan of $354,000. Fernando reluctantly agreed to the further loan.

6 On 4 November 1993, Fernando and Sita went to Mukunnan’s office to obtain
from the appellant a letter of surety (with the Malta Consulate as guarantor)
for the loan of $354,000, as instructed by Mukunnan. The letter of surety was
typed on the Malta Consulate letterhead and signed by the appellant “for Malta
Consul Singapore”. After obtaining the letter of surety, Fernando remitted
$354,000 to Nigeria. Mukunnan subsequently borrowed another $6,000 from
Fernando.

7 The deal turned out to be a scam. In 1998, Fernando commenced an action in
the High Court (_John Fernando v Gopalan Mukunnan,_ Suit No 2360/1998) (‘High
Court Suit’) against Mukunnan to recover the total loan amount of $410,000.
The crux of Mukunnan’s defence was that the payments were not loans to him,
but Fernando’s investments in the business venture and he was hence not liable
to repay Fernando a single cent.

8 The appellant then swore an affidavit before a Commissioner for Oaths
stating in paragraph 22 of that affidavit that Fernando had signed a letter
(‘impugned letter’) promising that he “would not use the letter of surety
dated 4 November 1993 against the Consulate of Malta for any claims purposes
whatsoever”. A copy of the impugned letter was annexed to the affidavit. The
appellant also stated in the affidavit that she was alone with Fernando when
the impugned letter was typed and that she saw Fernando sign it.

9 The affidavit was filed in court. The High Court Suit was eventually settled
with a consent judgment being entered in favour of Fernando.

10 Fernando denied signing the impugned letter and he proceeded to lodge a
police report, which led to the present charge against the appellant.

**The trial below**

11 At the trial below, the prosecution adduced expert evidence to show that
the signature on the impugned letter was a forgery and, since the appellant
claimed in her affidavit that she had _seen_ Fernando sign the impugned
letter, there was no possibility that the appellant did not know that the
impugned letter was a forgery. The inevitable inference was that the appellant
had either forged the signature herself, or had at least been aware that the
signature was a forgery. The prosecution hence argued that both the physical
and mental elements of the offence were made out.

12 In her defence, the appellant denied that the signature on the impugned
letter was a forgery but did not bring in another expert to support her case.
She stuck by her statement in the affidavit that she had seen Fernando sign
the impugned letter.

13 After a three-day trial, the judge found the appellant guilty of the charge
and sentenced her to two years’ imprisonment.

**Issues arising on appeal**

14 The appellant contended that the sentence here was manifestly excessive on
two main grounds: (i) the judge had failed to consider certain mitigating
factors; and (ii) the sentence was out of line with previous similar cases.

**Whether the judge had failed to consider certain mitigating factors**

15 The appellant alleged that the judge had failed to consider two mitigating
factors in this case. First, the appellant pointed out that the admission of
the impugned letter as evidence could not have defeated Fernando’s claim
against Mukunnan in the High Court Suit. She therefore argued that the
consequences flowing from the perjury were trivial and should be taken into
account by the judge in sentencing.

16 I found this argument unmeritorious. The impugned letter stated that
Fernando would not enforce the surety against the Malta Consulate.In other
words, it purported to render the surety arrangement inoperative. This would
weaken Fernando’s case that the payments were loans and not business
investments. It would be easier to characterise the payments as loans if there
was a surety since as a matter of commercial practice, a surety was required
for a loan and not for an investment. Without a binding surety arrangement,
Fernando’s case that the payments were loans would clearly be undermined.

17 Secondly, the appellant pointed out that admission of the impugned letter
as evidence in the High Court Suit had not in fact caused any financial losses
to Fernando since the claim was eventually settled with a consent judgment in
favour of Fernando. The appellant also did not gain financially from
fabricating false evidence. The judge refused to consider this a valid
mitigating factor.

18 I have emphasised on previous occasions that the fact that an offender made
no financial gain or caused no financial loss to another from his crime was a
legitimate mitigating factor but of very little weight: see _Lai Oei Mui Jenny
v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 305 and _PP v Gurmit Singh_ [1999] 3 SLR 215. Although
those cases were not decided in the context of the offence of fabricating
false evidence, I was of the opinion that they should be followed in this
appeal. The purpose behind the enactment of s 193 of the Penal Code is to
deter any attempt to pervert the course of _justice_ and the fact that there
have been no _personal_ gains or losses arising from the perjury can only be
of little weight as a mitigating factor.

19 In a sense, the true victim of the offence of perjury is not an individual,
but the course of justice itself. Judicial proceedings require all evidence to
be as truthful as possible: the proper administration of justice is thwarted
by false evidence whether or not such evidence leads to unfair gains or losses
to an individual. As Russell L.J. stated succinctly in _Abdulhamid Jamal
Shamji_ [1989] 11 Cr. App. R. (S.) 587 at 589-590:

The circumstances in which perjury can be committed are infinite. Sometimes …
as a result of perjury a defendant is wrongly convicted in a criminal trial
and suffers imprisonment … sometimes the perjurer lies to save his own skin …
Sometimes in civil proceedings, as these were, the effect of perjury is to
cause financial loss to others, or, conversely, to enable to perjurer to gain
financially. Those aggravating features are not present here … _it must
[however] always be remembered in cases of this kind one victim of perjury.
That victim is the course of justice and its proper administration. Justice
inevitably suffers whatever the motive for the perjury and in what
circumstances it is committed…_ it is because of that inevitable feature of
the offence that a conviction for perjury must always be visited, save in the
most exceptional circumstances that do not prevail here, with an immediate
custodial sentence [Emphasis is added].  
  

20 Hence the fact that the appellant had not gained financially, or that
Fernando had not lost financially from the fabricated evidence was of little
weight as a mitigating factor. Although the judge below went further than he
should have and rejected this aspect of the case as a mitigating factor
altogether, that alone was insufficient to overturn the sentence. I hence
found no merit in this ground of appeal.

**Whether the sentence here was out of line with previous similar cases**

21 The appellant relied principally on the decision of _Koh Pee Huat v PP_
[1996] 3 SLR 235. The accused there (‘Koh’) made a false statement in an
affidavit which was filed in a maintenance claim involving his former wife
(‘Fang’). The false statement asserted that the handwriting on certain papers
was Fang’s. Koh was convicted of a charge of fabricating false evidence and
sentenced to six months’ imprisonment. On appeal, I reduced the sentence to
one month’s imprisonment.

22 I emphasised that a short sentence was justified there only because of the
exceptional circumstances in that case. It is important to note that in _Koh
Pee Huat_ , the purpose of making the false statement was to show that Koh and
Fang were interested in buying a new property. As it turned out however, Koh
and Fang were indeed interested in buying a new property. In other words, the
statement there, although in itself false, was tendered for the purpose of
proving a fact which was actually true. The false statement there could not
therefore have led to any unjust consequences. Such exceptional circumstances
were not present in this appeal: the impugned letter was tendered in the High
Court Suit to prove that Fernando _did not_ have a case for repayment. As the
consent judgment there showed, however, Fernando _had_ a case for repayment.
Admission of the impugned letter as evidence could therefore unjustly defeat
Fernando’s claim against Mukunnan.

23 The appellant also cited several cases where sentences of less than two
years’ imprisonment were imposed for the offence of fabricating false evidence
for use in judicial proceedings. I was not convinced that those cases showed
that the sentence here was manifestly excessive. I have emphasised on many
occasions that, while consistency in sentencing was a desirable goal, this was
not an inflexible or overriding principle. The different degrees of
culpability and the unique circumstances of each case played an equally, if
not more, important role. Furthermore, the sentences in similar cases might
have been either too high or too low: _Lim Poh Tee v PP_ [2001] 1 SLR 674; _PP
v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_ [1999] 1 SLR 138 and _Yong Siew Soon v PP_ [1992] 2
SLR 933.

24 In the present appeal, the appellant had carefully set out to deceive the
High Court with the fabricated evidence. Instead of expressing remorse, she
went on to spin a web of deceit in the trial below, hence wasting precious
court time. She clearly had no regard for the solemn nature of swearing an
affidavit and for judicial proceedings in Singapore. The sentence meted out by
the court below was proportionate to the gravity of her conduct. For the
foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Mar 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

