Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v R Sekhar s/o R G Van  
[2003] SGHC 123

Case Number | : | MA 297/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 June 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hui Choon Kuen (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the appellant; Ramesh Tiwary (Leo Fernando) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — R Sekhar s/o R G Van   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Amendment – Power of High Court –
Relevant considerations  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Hearsay – Summaries of invoices in the
form of computer printouts – Whether hearsay evidence – Whether admissible –
Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) s 35  
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Onus of proof – Whether burden of proving
disclosure of status to lender shifts to undischarged bankrupt – Bankruptcy
Act (Cap 20, 1996 Rev Ed ) ss 141(1)(a), 146  
  

1 The accused, R Sekhar s/o R G Van (“Van”), was acquitted in the magistrate’s
court of 11 charges of obtaining credit, by taking up accommodation at the
Peninsula Hotel (“the hotel”) and incurring monthly debts of over $500,
without disclosing to the hotel that he was an undischarged bankrupt, under s
141(1)(a) read with s 146 of the Bankruptcy Act (“the Act”). On appeal by the
prosecution against his acquittal, I amended the 11 charges to a single charge
under the same provision and convicted him of that charge. I now give my
reasons.

**Background facts**

2 Van who was an undischarged bankrupt at all material times, had registered
to stay at the hotel as a guest on 4 July 1997. Even though his registration
card (Exhibit P13) stated that his departure date would be 7 July 1997, he
eventually stayed at the hotel for more than one year.

3 The 11 charges with which Van was charged were based on monthly summaries of
invoices for the period from 4 July 1997 to 9 November 1998 (Exhibits P14 –
P30). Each monthly summary of invoices, save the first, reflected the balance
brought forward from the previous month. Such a balance was, however, deducted
from the total hotel charges as stated in the summary of invoices for each
month for the purposes of determining whether Van had incurred debts of over
$500 in that particular month. The sums of payment made by Van in each month
were also deducted. As such, after the calculations were made, for some months
(July ’97, Nov ’97, Feb ’98 and Apr ’98) Van had a credit balance and for some
other months (Oct ’97 and Dec ’97), he incurred debts of less than $500. The
11 charges brought against him were for _each_ of the remaining months during
his stay at the hotel, for which he incurred debts to the extent of $500 or
more.

**The prosecution’s case**

4 The prosecution’s case was built around the evidence of the main prosecution
witness, one Lee Chia Loo, also known as “Michael Lee” (“Michael”). Michael
was the Front Office Manager of Peninsula-Excelsior Hotel at the material
time. He testified that he was formerly the Front Office Manager of Excelsior
Hotel since 1984 and when Peninsula Hotel and Excelsior Hotel merged, he was
promoted to become the Front Office Manager of the Peninsula-Excelsior Hotel,
starting from 1 August 1997. His duties included the organisation and running
of daily operations such as the registration of guests.

5 Michael confirmed that Van was the same person stated to be “Simon Van” on
the registration card. He had the opportunity to meet Van once in October
1998, when he had to deal with him over some irregularities in the guest
invoices rendered for the period from April 1998 to September 1998.

6 The words “pax account” were endorsed on the registration card. Michael
explained that this meant that the guest would be settling by cash. The hotel
allowed a credit limit of up to $500. If this amount was exceeded, the guest
would be contacted and asked to settle the payments. Van was, however, allowed
to extend his stay at the hotel as a result of his long-term relationship with
it, notwithstanding that his arrears had started snowballing.

  
7 According to Michael, Van was eventually locked out from his hotel room on 9
November 1998, upon instructions from the hotel’s general manager. By that
time, the aggregate amount owed to the hotel by Van, as reflected in the last
summary of invoices tendered (Nov ’98) was $23,874.94. An action was commenced
by the hotel to recover this sum from Van. In February 1999, judgment in
default of appearance was obtained by the hotel. Bankruptcy proceedings were
also commenced and consequently a second bankruptcy order was made against Van
on 5 August 1999. Michael testified that neither he nor the hotel was aware of
Van’s previous status as an undischarged bankrupt. It was not the policy of
the hotel to check the solvency status of its guests.

**The defence case**

8 Van testified that he was a regular guest of the hotel from as early as the
1980s. He knew several of the people who were part of the management of the
hotel, including the financial controller, Mr KK Tay and the assistant general
manager, Mr James Loo. He claimed to have a working relationship with the
hotel as he had supplied musicians to the hotel at one stage and had also
recommended clients to stay at the hotel. According to Van, Michael was also
known to him, since they had had tea together on many occasions.

  
9 Van denied that he had ever seen the monthly summaries of invoices which had
been tendered as evidence. He was not able to recall having made all the
payments reflected in those invoices. He claimed that he made payments in lump
sums, such as $1000, $2000 etc. and that they were paid in cash to the duty
managers, cashiers and even to Michael himself.

  
10 According to Van, he had asked for a proper set of records when approached
by the hotel to settle his bills. He claimed that he had noticed that some
amounts which he had paid to Michael were not reflected in the weekly
statements issued to him. It was said that the financial controller, Mr KK
Tay, had also approached him about the irregularities in his statements of
accounts. Van alleged that Michael had not submitted two months’ reports to
the accounts departments, nor had he paid over some sums of money which were
handed to him by Van for the hotel charges.

  
11 Van claimed that on 7 November 1998, Michael had called him to his office
and told him that if anyone asked to whom the money was paid over, Van should
say that he gave the money to another duty manager named Hazlinda. Van alleged
that he had stormed out of Michael’s office, after telling him that he could
not lie and accuse an innocent girl. Van also claimed that there was a meeting
on 8 November 1998 to investigate why the figures were not right and that he
had stormed out of the meeting as he was unhappy with the way it was
conducted. He agreed with the prosecuting officer that criminal breach of
trust was a very serious offence but claimed that he did not report the matter
to the police because of his long-term relationship with the hotel. He further
stated that he would put it on record that, once the trial was over, he would
be making a police report against Michael.

  
12 Van testified that when he was locked out of his room by the hotel, all his
belongings worth “thousands of dollars”, statements of accounts and invoices
which the hotel had issued to him were left inside the room. He disputed the
amount as reflected in the summaries of invoices ($23,874.94) and claimed that
he owed only about $7,000 to the hotel. His stay at the hotel had been
financed by an Indonesian acquaintance of his by the name of Ghani Santoso and
also by a company called ID Imaging Pte Ltd, where he was working as a
development consultant.

  
13 It was Van’s testimony that the hotel had known of his bankruptcy status
but had yet allowed him to stay. It was his evidence during cross-examination
that he was a member of a club, known as the Booze Members’ Club at the hotel
and, when he was adjudicated bankrupt, he had been removed as a member of that
club. There was also an article in a newspaper regarding a previous conviction
of his, which mentioned clearly that he was a bankrupt at that time. It was
said by Van that Michael had even shown him a copy of this article before.

**The decision below**

14 The trial judge, relying on the case of _Highway Video Pte Ltd v PP_ [2002]
1 SLR 129, came to the view that Michael’s evidence was hearsay and
unreliable. As he came over to the hotel to work only on 1 August 1997, he
could not have been privy to the workings of the hotel at the time Van
registered to stay at the hotel. The trial judge also took issue with the fact
that the prosecution had not called any of the staff who had attended to Van
as witnesses. Neither was any evidence adduced as to who was the maker of the
registration card. In the circumstances, the trial judge was of the view that
it could not be said conclusively that the hotel did not enquire about the
solvency status of the guests in so far as Van, who checked in on 4 July 1997,
was concerned. This would, in turn, mean that it could not be inferred
conclusively that, at the time of checking-in, Van had not disclosed his
bankruptcy status to the hotel.

  
15 The trial judge also found the summaries of invoices to be hearsay and
unreliable. According to him, it was obvious that Michael did not prepare
those exhibits. Under cross-examination, he was unable to testify in detail
how the figures in the summaries of invoices were derived and explained that
all financial statements were prepared by the accounts department and within
the purview of the financial controller, Mr KK Tay. Furthermore, the summaries
of invoices were not contemporaneous documents rendered to Van during his stay
at the hotel, but merely extracts from them. The original invoices were not
tendered to the court. Michael revealed during his testimony that the
summaries of invoices were prepared for the purpose of bringing civil
proceedings against Van. It was, furthermore, accepted that there were
computer glitches, which resulted in irregularities in the guest invoices
rendered for the period from April 1998 to September 1998. The prosecution did
not lead any evidence to show who the maker of the summaries of invoices was
and why the hearsay exceptions in sections 32 and 34 of the Evidence Act
should be invoked.

  
16 Since the material aspects of the evidence of the main prosecution witness
were hearsay and flawed, the trial judge had to rely on and take cognisance of
Van’s position that he had made disclosure through his prior dealings with the
hotel and that the hotel was aware of his bankruptcy status, within the
disclosure guidelines formulated in the case of _PP v Ong Ker Seng_ [2001] 4
SLR 180, which do not necessarily require a bankrupt to disclose his
bankruptcy at the precise moment when credit is obtained.

  
17 In not calling additional witnesses to supplement Michael’s evidence, the
prosecution took the risk that the charges against Van would not be proven
beyond a reasonable doubt. The circumstantial evidence adduced by the
prosecution did not discount the possibility that the hotel and its management
were aware of Van’s bankruptcy status. It was held that the nature of the
evidence was such that it did not lead to the irresistible inference that Van
did not disclose his bankruptcy status or that the hotel was not aware of such
a status.

  
18 In the premises, even though the trial judge found that Van was an evasive
witness and had conducted a tenuous defence, including making many
unmeritorious allegations against Michael to attack his credibility, he
granted Van a discharge amounting to an acquittal on the 11 charges as he was
of the view that the prosecution had not proven its case beyond a reasonable
doubt.

**The appeal  
**The law

19 It is useful at the outset of the appeal to lay down the provision under
which Van had been charged. Section 141(1)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act provides
as follows :-

A bankrupt shall be guilty of an offence, if being an undischarged bankrupt –

(a) either alone or jointly with any other person, he obtains credit to the
extent of $500 or more from any person _without informing_ that person that he
is an undischarged bankrupt. (Emphasis added)

20 In considering this appeal, I was convinced that the onus lay on the
undischarged bankrupt to show that he had disclosed his bankruptcy status to
the proposed lender before obtaining credit of $500 or more, rather than on
the prosecution to prove that he had not made such a disclosure.

  
21 It is established law in Singapore that a statute can, on its true and
proper construction, place a burden of proof on the accused to prove the
positive of a negative averment. In the leading Court of Appeal decision of
_PP v Kum Chee Cheong_ [1994] 1 SLR 231, the court, following the approach in
the case of _R v Hunt (Richard)_ [1987] AC 352, held that :

Where an enactment prohibits the doing of an act save in specified
circumstances or by persons of specified class or with specified
qualifications or with licence or permission of specified authorities, it is
_a matter of construction_ whether the burden of proving the circumstances,
qualification, licence or the like shifts to the defendant, and if on the true
construction of the enactment, the burden shifts to the defendant it is for
him to show that he is entitled to do the prohibited act and that burden is
not an evidential burden but a legal burden. It follows therefore that in such
a case there is no necessity for the prosecution to establish prima facie
evidence of the specified circumstances, qualification or licence or the like
as provided in the enactment entitling the defendant to do the prohibited act.
(Emphasis added)

22 The court further quoted the following passage of Lord Griffith in _R v
Hunt (Richard)_ with approval : -

…if the linguistic construction of the statute does not clearly indicate upon
whom the burden should lie the court should look to other considerations to
determine the intention of Parliament such as the mischief at which the Act
was aimed and practical considerations affecting the burden of proof and, in
particular, the ease or difficulty that the respective parties would encounter
in discharging the burden.

23 Reverting back to s 141(1)(a) of the Act, in my judgment, there was no
doubt that on a true construction, the section in effect prohibits an
undischarged bankrupt from obtaining credit to the extent of $500 or more,
unless he first informs the proposed lender of his bankruptcy status. To my
mind, the object of the section is indisputably to protect the person from
whom the bankrupt seeks to obtain credit. The section strives to prevent
innocent people and business organisations from being misled by a bankrupt’s
appearance of solvency and a promise to pay. Having regard to the intention
and purpose of the section, I was of the view that it places an obligation
squarely on the undischarged bankrupt to disclose his status to the proposed
lender before obtaining credit to the extent of $500 or more.

24 The impracticality of the prosecution proving the fact of non-disclosure on
the part of the undischarged bankrupt becomes evident when one considers the
case of _PP v Ong Ker Seng_ [2001] 4 SLR 180. In that case, with regard to the
issue of the proper time and context for a notification of the bankruptcy
status to be valid, the trial judge was of the opinion that the notification
must be given in the context of the undischarged bankrupt obtaining credit
from the proposed lender. I disagreed with her and held (at p 185) :

By virtue of s 141(1)(a) of the Act, the bankrupt has been specifically tasked
with the duty to inform the proposed lender before obtaining credit. In _R v
Zeitlin_ (1932)23 Cr App R 163, it was said that disclosure by the
undischarged bankrupt need not be at the very moment when credit is obtained,
provided it was made at a reasonable time before the transaction took place.
As the court in _R v Duke of Leinster_ [1924] 1 KB 311 said at p 316,
‘disclosure must be made in fact to the person giving the credit’. Hence,
where notification of the bankrupt’s status has previously been conveyed by
the bankrupt (or his agent) to the proposed lender, _even_ in circumstances
extending outside the context of the lending transaction, then disclosure has
been made as a matter of fact, and no offence is committed. Where a bankrupt
_reasonably_ believes that the fact that he is an undischarged bankrupt
continues to feature in the proposed lender’s mind when extending the credit,
then there is no need to inform the lender again.

25 From the passage above, it can be seen that the duty of disclosure as
required by s 141(1)(a) of the Act is satisfied in instances where disclosure
was made within a reasonable time before the extension of credit. The
disclosure need not be made at the precise moment when credit is obtained or
even in the context of the lending transaction. In the circumstances, the
point of disclosure would be one which is fully within the knowledge of the
undischarged bankrupt. This is even more so when the proposed lender is an
organisation, as in the present case. Only the bankrupt himself would be in a
position to know to whom he had disclosed his bankruptcy status and the time
and context of the notification and therefore could prove with ease the fact
of disclosure. On the other hand, the prosecution may well have to produce
every single employee of the organisation as witnesses in order to prove that
the bankrupt had _never_ made the disclosure about his bankruptcy status.

26 Therefore, in my judgment, there is no doubt that the form, substance and
effect of s 141(1)(a) of the Act are such that the burden is shifted to an
undischarged bankrupt to show that he had informed the proposed lender of his
status before obtaining credit to the extent of $500 or more. By virtue of the
section, the bankrupt is specifically tasked with the duty of disclosing his
status and, in my opinion, he ought to be vigilant in this regard. As I had
pointed out in the case of _PP v Ong Ker Seng,_ it is in the bankrupt’s own
interest that he personally and directly inform the proposed lender of his
status at the point when he obtains credit and optimally, such matters should
be properly documented.

Whether Van had disclosed his bankruptcy status to the hotel  

27 After considering the evidence of Van, it was clear to me that he had not
established that he had informed the hotel about his status as an undischarged
bankrupt.

28 Van claimed that he had a long-standing relationship and was familiar with
the hotel management, as he had stayed at the hotel on numerous occasions.
This did not, however, mean that he had disclosed his bankruptcy status to the
hotel management. I noted that the hotel had a policy of allowing guests a
credit limit of up to $500 only. If this amount was exceeded, the guest would
be contacted and asked to settle the payments. Had the hotel known that he was
an undischarged bankrupt, I found it most unlikely and contrary to common
sense that it would have allowed Van’s arrears in total hotel charges to
accumulate continuously over a period of one year and four months,
notwithstanding his long-standing relationship with it.

29 Van also claimed that he was removed from the Booze Members’ Club as a
result of his adjudication as a bankrupt in the early 1990s. This was,
nevertheless, a bare assertion. Furthermore, as pointed out by the
prosecution, the actual relationship between the club and the hotel was
unknown. There was no indication that the club was, in fact, a part of the
hotel. Van had merely said that “the hotel had a small group of people coming
to drink at the garden lounge”. In the circumstances, the court could not
determine that there was an association between the club and the hotel, and _a
fortiori,_ that the hotel had actual knowledge of his bankruptcy status
through the club.

30 Van further claimed that there was a newspaper article on him, which
mentioned clearly that he was a bankrupt. However, he was registered at the
hotel as “Simon Van” and it was not known whether the newspaper article had
referred to him by this name or whether the hotel knew that “Simon Van” and “R
Sekhar s/o RG Van” were one and the same. In the premises, the court would not
draw any inference that the hotel knew of Van’s bankruptcy status. In any
event, s 141(1)(a) of the Act requires the undischarged bankrupt to _inform_
the proposed lender of his status and he cannot escape from this obligation
simply by _presuming_ that the latter must have known of his status through
some other means, such as a newspaper article.

31 In the circumstances, not only did I find that Van had not informed the
hotel about his bankruptcy status, I found his conduct, on the whole,
reprehensible, bordering on cheating. Based on his long-term relationship with
the hotel, he was able to obtain an extension of his stay and had eventually
stayed at the hotel for a period of over one year and four months, despite
continuous accumulation of arrears in hotel charges. He was ultimately locked
out of his hotel room on 9 November 1998. At the trial, he claimed that the
hotel, in so doing, had seized his property left in the hotel room, which was
worth “thousands of dollars”. Nevertheless, at that time when he was locked
out of his hotel room, he did not report the matter to the police or make any
effort to recover his property or negotiate with the hotel to pay the arrears
in instalments or for a longer grace period to settle his payments. It would
seem that he had simply left the hotel. As such, I disbelieved his claim that
he had left behind property, which was worth “thousands of dollars” and found
that his actions indicated that he had no intention whatsoever of making any
payments to settle the debt owing to the hotel for accommodation and other
services.

32 Moreover, when the hotel obtained a judgment in default of appearance
against him for the sum of $23,874.94, he did not attempt to set aside the
judgment and instead, waited until the trial to vehemently insist that the
amount which he owed the hotel was only about $7,000. If this was indeed true,
one would have expected him to apply to set aside the judgment and put it on
record with the hotel that he would be settling the debt owed. However, he was
content to leave the matter as it was. When pressed by the prosecuting officer
as to why he had not set aside the judgment, he gave the unbelievable answer
that the Official Assignee had advised him “never mind” and that it was easier
to negotiate and settle the matter instead. In the course of the trial, he had
further attempted to cast aspersions on the office of the Official Assignee,
claiming that over the years since his adjudication as a bankrupt, he had seen
many different officers regarding his matters and that his file was “spun
around”.  

Whether Van obtained credit to the extent of $500 or more on 11 occasions

33 It will be recalled that Van faced a total of 11 charges, which were based
_entirely_ on the monthly summaries of invoices tendered by the prosecution
through Michael. The charges brought against Van were for those months for
which he had incurred debts of $500 or more, _according to_ the summaries of
invoices. The accuracy and authenticity of the summaries of invoices were of
_crucial importance_ , since whether or not there was an offence committed
depended on whether the summaries of invoices reflected a debit balance of
$500 or more for any particular month.

34 Van had challenged the summaries of invoices on the grounds of hearsay and
unreliability. There was no doubt that the summaries of invoices were tendered
to prove the facts stated therein without more. Accordingly, section 35 of the
Evidence Act became applicable to determine whether the summaries of invoices
should, nevertheless, be admissible despite being hearsay evidence. The
section provides for the admissibility of computer output as evidence of the
facts stated therein if it is relevant or otherwise admissible according to
the other provisions of the Evidence Act or any other written law _and_ if it
satisfies one of three conditions listed under subsection (1); that the
computer output is : -

(a) expressly agreed between the parties to the proceedings at any time that
neither its authenticity nor the accuracy of its contents are disputed;

(b) produced in an approved process; or

(c) shown by the party tendering such output that –

(i) there is no reasonable ground for believing that the output is inaccurate
because of improper use of the computer and that no reason exists to doubt or
suspect the truth or reliability of the output; and

(ii) there is reasonable ground to believe that at all material times the
computer was operating properly, or if not, that in any respect in which it
was not operating properly or out of operation, the accuracy of the output was
not affected by such circumstances.

35 Michael, through whom the summaries of invoices were tendered, was unable
to explain how the amounts in the summaries of invoices were derived. He
claimed that Van was a long-term guest and enjoyed corporate rates. He also
claimed that Van was given better rates and that “they did not go up but went
down”. However, he was unable to answer defence counsel when asked for an
explanation for the fluctuations in room rates for September 1997, February
and April 1998. He even admitted that “it may be a possible typographical
error”. It was patently clear that he was not the one who prepared the
summaries of invoices. He alluded that all financial statements were prepared
by the accounts department and were within the purview of the financial
controller, Mr KK Tay. During cross-examination, it transpired that the
summaries of invoices were created by extracting figures from guest invoices,
the originals of which were not tendered in court, for the purposes of
commencing civil litigation against Van. To compound the unreliability of the
summaries of invoices, by Michael’s own admission, he had met with Van in
October 1998 over some _irregularities_ in the guest invoices for the period
from April 1998 to September 1998, caused by computer glitches. No evidence
was led to show that the accuracy of the summaries of invoices had not been
affected by the computer glitches. In the circumstances, there was compelling
reason to doubt or suspect the truth or reliability of the summaries of
invoices. Since s 35 of the Evidence Act was not satisfied, the summaries of
invoices were therefore inadmissible. Without the summaries of invoices, there
was nothing to show that Van had obtained credit of $500 or more on _11
occasions_ , forming the basis of the _11 charges_ against him.

36 Notwithstanding this, the record of evidence revealed that Van had admitted
to owing the hotel about $7,000. In fact, he had stated categorically _no less
than three times_ during his testimony in court that the amount owing to the
hotel was around $7,000 only and not $23,874.94 alleged to be owed. In _Er Joo
Nguang v PP_ [2000] 2 SLR 645, I stated that the High Court, sitting in its
appellate capacity, is empowered through a combination of case law and
statute, to amend a charge and that such a power to amend the charge will be
exercised in appropriate cases where the record of facts and the record of
evidence support the amended charge, and where such amendment does not affect
the substance of the evidence given in the lower court. In exercising such a
power, the court must ensure that no prejudice is caused to the accused.

37 In my judgment, this was indeed a proper case for amending the original 11
charges to a single charge under the same provision. From the record of facts
and the record of evidence, Van had evidently owed the hotel debts in the sum
of around $7,000 during his entire stay at the hotel. The records hence
supported the single charge which I amended to read as follows : -

You, R Shekhar s/o RG Van…..are charged that you, having been first adjudged a
bankrupt on 16th February 1990 did, between the period of **_4 th July 1997
and 9th November 1998_**, obtain credit from Peninsula Hotel, to wit, by
taking up accommodation of the said hotel for the aforesaid period and
consequently incurring a sum of **_about S$7,000_** without disclosing to the
latter that you were an undischarged bankrupt and you have thereby committed
an offence under Section 141(1)(a) of the Bankruptcy Act (Chapter 20) and
punishable under Section 146 of the same Act.

38 Such an amendment did not affect the substance of the charge against Van,
which was that he had obtained credit from the hotel to the extent of $500 or
more without informing the hotel about his bankruptcy status. There was no
dispute at the trial that a sum in excess of $500 was owed to the hotel. Van’s
defence was that he had made known his bankruptcy status to the hotel. Such a
defence, if indeed believed, would have been a complete answer to the amended
charge inasmuch as it would have been to the 11 original charges. In the
premises, I was satisfied that no prejudice had been caused to Van by such an
amendment.

39 For all the reasons which I have given above, I found Van guilty of the
amended charge and accordingly I convicted him of it.

**Sentence**

40 In mitigation, counsel for Van submitted that he has to look after his
81-year old mother, who was recently discharged from hospital after suffering
from heart problems. In addition, he has to support his niece who will be
taking her ‘A’-level examinations. Counsel also submitted that Van has been
gainfully employed for two years now and has been paying taxes on his earnings
and working hard towards obtaining a discharge from his bankruptcy.  

41 In _PP v Ong Ker Seng,_ I stated that I agreed with the view expressed in
_R v Schefelaar_ [1939] SSLR 221 that in offences of obtaining credit without
disclosure, the accused is more appropriately punished with imprisonment than
with a fine. In such cases, a sentence in the form of a fine is generally
ineffective as the bankrupt is unlikely to have sufficient funds to pay the
fine, which would result in someone else (usually family members) having to
pay the fine on behalf of the bankrupt. As such, I was minded to impose a
custodial sentence in this instance.  

42 Hardship on the family as a result of imprisonment is generally not a good
mitigating factor : _Lai Oei Mui Jenny @ Tan Siew Hong v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 305.
As for the fact that Van had been gainfully employed for the past two years
and working hard towards obtaining a discharge from his bankruptcy, I was of
the view that this was what he ought to have been doing in any event. In my
opinion, not only does a bankrupt have a personal interest to obtain a
discharge from his bankruptcy, he also has a social responsibility to do so.
As such, I did not view this as much of a mitigating factor.  

43 In passing the sentence, I noted that Van’s actions smacked thoroughly of
dishonesty. He took advantage of his long-term relationship with the hotel to
extend his stay for months on end, and consequently incurred greater credit
than he would have been allowed to. In addition, when he was locked out of his
hotel room, there was no attempt by him whatsoever to negotiate with the hotel
to pay for the arrears in instalments or for a longer period to make the
payments. To my mind, it did not seem as if he had any intention at all to
settle the arrears which he owed, when he left the hotel. I also took into
account the conduct of Van’s defence. During the course of the trial, he made
many allegations against Michael to attack his credibility, which the trial
judge found to be wholly unmeritorious. Moreover, he even took the opportunity
to cast aspersions on the office of the Official Assignee. Taking all the
relevant factors into consideration, I sentenced him to one year’s
imprisonment.

_Appeal allowed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Jun 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

