Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Epolar System Enterprise Pte Ltd and Others v Lee Hock Chuan and Others  
[2003] SGCA 10

Case Number | : | CA 109/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 March 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Judith Prakash J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Gn Chiang Soon (Gn & Co) for Appellants; Cheong Yuen Hee (instructed); Govinda Gopalan, Cheong Aik Chye (Lim & Gopalan) for Respondents   
Parties | : |  Epolar System Enterprise Pte Ltd; Nam Yew Furniture (suing as a firm); Stevic (Singapore) Pte Ltd; Mok Ah Mui; Chew Suan Tin; Chew Tuan Lim; Chew Suan Ching; Heng Soon Koon — Lee Hock Chuan; Lee Poh Chuan; Lee Poh Huat; Lee Chen Guan; Lee Chui Huat; Lee Chen Chon   
  
Tort – Nuisance – Private nuisance – Fire damage – Fire caused by faulty fuse
on property – Whether landlord liable in nuisance  
  
Tort – Nuisance – Private nuisance – Standing to sue – Whether pleadings
disclosed sufficient capacity to sue – Person(s) pleading as "occupying and
carrying on business" – Persons pleading as "owners" – Whether this disclosed
sufficient standing to sue  
  

**_Delivered by Chao Hick Tin JA_**

1 This was an appeal against a decision of the High Court dismissing the
appellants’ claims for damages on account of a fire which started in the
premises owned by the respondents but let out to tenants and which spread to
the adjoining premises occupied/belonging to the appellants. We heard the
appeal on 18 February 2003 and dismissed it. These grounds are issued as
certain pronouncements made by the court below, in relation to the tort of
nuisance, require some clarification.

**The facts**

2 The first to third appellants were the occupiers of factory premises Nos 21,
35 and 37, Senang Crescent respectively (Nos 21, 35 and 37) and were carrying
on their businesses therein. The fourth and fifth appellants were the owners
of Nos 35 and 37. The owner of No. 21 was a party to the proceedings in the
court below but had decided not to pursue the matter further. The respondents
were the owners of No. 25 Senang Crescent (No. 25). The appellants sued in
both negligence and nuisance.

3 On 20 February 1999, a fire broke out at No. 25. At the time, the property
was leased out by the respondents to Great Wall Interior Décor Pte Ltd ("Great
Wall"), which in turn had sublet the lower floor to Teamwood Decoration &
Construction Pte Ltd ("Teamwood"). The cause of the fire would appear to be a
short circuit in the wiring which generated sparks, igniting material in the
front yard of No. 25. Three fuses in the fuse box of No. 25 were found to
contain old copper wires (in Imperial measurement) not in use after 1978.
These wires had a greater capacity than what was permitted for use and this
had apparently resulted in the fuses not "blowing" to interrupt the flow of
electricity. The fuse box was located in the front yard of No. 25 occupied by
Teamwood.

4 We should mention that there was an earlier action, in relation to the same
fire, which was commenced by the owners and tenants of No. 23 Senang Crescent
against the respondents, as well as Great Wall and Teamwood (Suit No.
1777/1999). At the end of the trial of that action, the High Court dismissed
the plaintiffs’ claim against the owners of No. 25, the respondents herein, as
well as their claim against Great Wall. But the court there held Teamwood
liable in negligence for the damages caused by the fire. The decision was
affirmed by this Court on appeal.

5 In the present action, the case as presented to the court below was that the
three tampered fuses, with wire thickness greater than those in use after
1978, were installed sometime before 1978 or, at the latest, before 1991,
i.e., before Great Wall commenced occupation of No. 25. The appellants alleged
that the respondents, as the landlords of No. 25, upon resuming possession of
the premises from the previous tenant, and before leasing the property out to
Great Wall, should have ensured that all electrical fittings were in order. In
letting out the premises to Great Wall with the tampered fuses, the
respondents were negligent and were thus liable for damages suffered by the
appellants.

6 The trial judge found that the appellants had failed to establish that the
respondents had breached any duty of care owed to them and dismissed the
action.

7 In order to prove that the old wires were installed in the tampered fuses
before Great Wall took possession of No. 25, the appellants relied on the fact
that the old wires were wires authorized before 1978 and such wires were no
longer permitted to be in use after 1978. We did not think that this fact
alone was sufficient proof that the tampered fuses must have been in place
before 1978 or at any rate before 1991. We did not see how it necessarily
followed that just because the wires were old, they must have been in place
before 1991. While we accept that a licenced electrician would most likely
have used wires currently authorized, a change of fuse wires could be
undertaken by any handyman. Findings must be made based on evidence, and
speculation does not constitute evidence. Great Wall and Teamwork should have
been called to testify that they did not do anything with regard to the fuses.

8 In the light of the foregoing, the claim in nuisance could also not be
sustained. At the relevant time No. 25 was in the exclusive possession of
Great Wall and Teamwood. It was not established that the potentially dangerous
situation, caused by the tampered fuses and the combustible material
accumulated in the front yard of No. 25, was brought about by the respondents
or that they knew about it and did nothing. There was nothing to link the
respondents to that state of affairs.

**Who may claim in nuisance**

9 In dealing with the claim in nuisance, the trial judge, in his judgment,
advanced the following propositions:-

"… a plaintiff who sues in private nuisance must first prove that he has an
interest in land because nuisance is a tort against land. See _The Law of
Torts_ , Common Law Series, 2002 Ed, Ch 22 page 901 for a detailed historical
background to this tort. Whatever the plaintiff may recover from the defendant
depends on the interest that he (the plaintiff) has. Hence, the licensee in
_Malone v Laskey_ [1907] 2 KB 141 was held to have insufficient interest in
land to sue the next door occupier in nuisance. It follows that the plaintiffs
must plead and adduce evidence of their respective interests in land. The case
for the first, second, and third plaintiffs in this case must fail from the
outset because they claim as ‘occupiers’. That is clearly insufficient. The
fourth, fifth, and sixth plaintiffs claim as owners. Not a single affidavit of
evidence-in-chief was filed by any one of the six plaintiffs. If the owner is
not in occupation, then he can only succeed if he can show that he had a right
of immediate possession, or that he suffered damage in respect of his
reversionary interest. See _Shelfer v City of London Electric Lighting Co_
[1895] 1 CH 287, 312, per Lindley LJ. Nothing to this effect was pleaded nor
proved. The certified true copies of title deeds produced by the solicitor’s
clerk only prove ownership at best, but, as I said, mere ownership is not
sufficient, especially where, as in this case, it is not known who had
possession or right to immediate possession of the premises known as 21, 35
and 37 Senang Crescent."

10 The tort of private nuisance protects the right of a person who has
possession of land to enjoy his premises undisturbed. The essence of nuisance
is a condition or activity which unduly interferes with the use or enjoyment
of land: see _Clerk and Lindsell on Torts, 17 th Edn,_ at 889. Generally, only
a person with a proprietary interest, whether by virtue of his freehold or
leasehold interest, can bring proceedings. Thus, a tenant can sue. Where an
owner has leased out his property, in order to be able to sue, he must prove
that the nuisance has damaged or is likely to be adverse to his reversionary
interest. As a rule, occupation _per se_ will not suffice; there must be
something more, something in the nature of proprietary interest or its
equivalent. Therefore, an individual who is a husband, wife or lodger of the
owner or lessee, who is at the premises with the permission of the latter,
will have no cause of action even though he may be said to be in occupation.
This principle is elucidated in the case of _Malone v Laskey_ [1907] 2 KB 141
where the wife of the manager of a company entitled to live in the premises by
virtue of his employment was held to be disentitled to sue in private
nuisance. Sir Gorell Barnes P said (at 151):-

"Many cases were cited in the course of the argument in which it had been held
that actions for nuisance could be maintained where a person’s rights of
property had been affected by the nuisance, but no authority was cited, nor in
my opinion can any principle of law be formulated, to the effect that a person
who has no interest in property, no right of occupation in the proper sense of
the term, can maintain an action for a nuisance arising from the vibration
caused by the working of an engine in an adjoining house."

11 However, a person in _de facto_ possession by way of exclusive occupation
may be entitled to sue. This is illustrated by the case _Newcastle-Under-Lyme
Corporation v Wolstanton Ltd_ [1947] 1 CH 92 where a borough corporation,
whose gas mains and pipes laid under roads were damaged due to soil movement
caused by works at adjacent mines, was held to be entitled to sue for nuisance
as the exclusive occupier. Evershed J said (at 106):-

"… they have by force of the statute the exclusive right to occupy for the
purposes of their statutory undertaking the space in the soil taken by the
pipes and that (subterranean) part of the soil on which the pipes rest; but
that exclusive right of occupation, which continues so long as the corporation
carry on their undertaking, does not depend upon or involve the vesting in the
plaintiff corporation of any legal or equitable estate in the land."

And at p. 109, Evershed J seemed to have endorsed the following statement in
_Salmond on Torts (10 th Edn)_ at 221:-

"There seems no reason why possession without title should not as a general
rule be sufficient to enable a plaintiff to succeed in nuisance so that the
jus tertii cannot be set up as a defence."

12 In _Foster v Warblington UDC_ [1906] 1 KB 648 an oyster merchant who had
set up a business on the lord of the manor’s shore was able to sue the
defendant for damage caused by the discharge of sewage. He had carried on his
trade removing and selling oysters for such a length of time that the court
was willing to grant him relief. Fletcher Moulton LJ held (at 679) that:-

"it is an unquestionable principle of our law that, where there has been long-
continued enjoyment of an exclusive character of a right or a property, the
law presumes that such enjoyment is rightful, if the property or right is of
such a nature that it can have a legal origin."

13 In _Khorasandjian v Bush_ [1993] QB 727, the English Court of Appeal
attempted to relax somewhat the strict view on the question of entitlement to
sue. There, the daughter was living in a house owned by the mother. She was
pestered and threatened by unwanted telephone calls. Dillon LJ, giving the
majority judgment, held that she had a cause of action in private nuisance. He
felt that the court should reconsider earlier decisions in the light of
changed social conditions. He said it was –

"ridiculous if in this present age the law is that the making of deliberately
harassing and pestering telephone calls to a person is only actionable in the
civil courts if the recipient of the calls happens to have the freehold or a
leasehold proprietary interest in the premises in which he or she has received
the calls."

Peter Gibson J, dissenting, held it was wrong in principle that a mere
licensee should be able to sue in private nuisance.

14 However, in _Hunter v Canary Wharf Ltd_ [1997] AC 655 where the House of
Lords had the occasion to review this entire area of the law, it overruled the
majority decision in _Khorasandjian v Bush_ and put a stop to the attempted
departure from the strict position. At first instance, Judge Havery QC held
(i) that interference with television reception is capable of constituting an
actionable nuisance; (ii) but the plaintiff must have a right of exclusive
possession of the land to be entitled to sue for private nuisance. The Court
of Appeal reversed him on both points. On the second point, the Court of
Appeal held that occupation of property as a home, as had the daughter in
_Khorasandjian v Bush_ , provided a sufficiently substantial link to enable
the occupier to sue in private nuisance. This view was rejected by the House
of Lords by a 4-1 majority. Lord Goff of Chieveley, after reviewing the
authorities, concluded (at 692):-

"It follows that, on the authorities as they stand, an action in private
nuisance will only lie at the suit of a person who has a right to the land
affected. Ordinarily, such a person can only sue if he has the right to
exclusive possession of the land, such as a freeholder or tenant in
possession, or even a licensee with exclusive possession. Exceptionally
however, as _Foster v Warblington Urban District Council_ shows, this category
may include a person in actual possession who has no right to be there; and in
any event a reversioner can sue in so far his reversionary interest is
affected. But a mere licensee on the land has no right to sue…"

15 Thus for a plaintiff to be entitled to sue in private nuisance he must show
an interest in land. There must be a right to occupation.

16 Reverting to the pleading in this case, we noted that the plaintiffs had
clearly pleaded the capacity in which they were suing when they stated:-

"1. On 20 February 1999 (‘the eventful day’) the 1st, 2nd and 3rd plaintiffs
were occupying and carrying on their business and/or trade at No. 21, 35 and
37 Senang Crescent, Singapore, respectively (Nos 21, 35 and 37)

2\. On the eventful day, the 4th, 5th and 6th plaintiffs were the owners of
Nos 21, 35 and 37 respectively."

17 The trial judge said that "the case for the first, second and third
plaintiffs in this case must fail from the outset because they claim as
‘occupiers’." He seemed to have relied on the case of _Malone v Laskey_. But
as seen above, _Malone v Laskey_ was concerned with a pure licensee. The wife
had no right of occupation. Here, however, the first three plaintiffs had
pleaded "occupying and carrying on their business" at the premises. They were
in actual possession of the premises in their own right. They were certainly
not in the position of the wife in _Malone v Laskey_ nor the daughter in
_Khorasaudjian v Bush_. In our opinion, they were entitled to sue in
accordance with the principle enunciated by Lord Goff in _Hunter_ quoted in
¶14 above.

18 As regards the other appellants who were owners of Nos 35 & 37 (and of No.
21 as well, although the owner did not appeal), the trial judge held that
proof of ownership _per se_ was not good enough to claim in nuisance. He was
quite right to say that the owners must show that they had suffered damage in
respect of their reversionary interest. But where there was, as in this case,
clear evidence that the fire that began at No. 25 had spread to Nos 21, 35 and
37 and caused substantial damage thereto, the reversionary interest of the
owners was surely affected. Nuisance arising from smoke and dust may be
transient and it would be difficult to establish permanent damage being caused
thereby. But fire damage is permanent. Thus, the owners of Nos 21, 35 and 37
would have a right to claim in nuisance. This is illustrated in _Shelfer v
City of London Electric Lighting Co_ [1895] 1 CH 287 where the defendant
erected powerful engines and other works on land near to a house occupied by
lessee. The vibration and noise from the excavation works caused structural
damage to the house and annoyance and discomfort to the lessee. The lessee and
the reversioners brought separate action and reliefs were granted to both.

19 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the appellants failed in their claim in
nuisance against the respondents because, as stated above, they had not proved
that the respondents were in any way responsible for the alleged nuisance.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Mar 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

