Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tokuhon (Pte) Ltd v Seow Kang Hong and Others (No 2)  
[2003] SGCA 39

Case Number | : | CA 133/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Kan Ting Chiu J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Roderick E Martin (Martin and Partners) for appellant; Ms Indranee Rajah SC, Sham Sabnani and Justin Yip (Drew and Napier LLC) for respondents   
Parties | : |  Tokuhon (Pte) Ltd — Seow Kang Hong; Wong Kah Joo; Gamma 2000 (S) Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Directors – Duties – Breach of duties – Relief under Companies Act
(Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) s 391(1)  
  
Companies – Directors – Duties – Breach of fiduciary duties – Director sending
letters to business associate – Letters detailing internal conflicts among
management – Other directors in habit of disclosing such information to said
associate – Whether sending of letters constituted breach of fiduciary duties  
  
Companies – Directors – Duties – Cessation of directorship – Scope of duty
still owed to company – Company's distributorship terminated and subsequently
awarded to ex-director – Whether ex-director in breach of any duty – Correct
test to determine whether duty breached  
  

**_ Delivered by Chao Hick Tin JA _ **

1 This appeal is against the dismissal by MPH Rubin J of an action instituted
by the appellant company, Tokuhon (Pte) Ltd (“TPL”), against the first two
respondents who were the directors of TPL, and who are also husband and wife,
for breach of fiduciary duties. These two respondents will hereinafter be
referred to as “Seow” and “Mrs Seow” respectively.

2 There is also a third respondent to this appeal, Gamma 2000 (S) Pte Ltd
(“Gamma”). Its role was purely accessory and this will be apparent later.

**The background**

3 As the issues raised relate largely to facts, there is a need for us to go
into some detail. Before 1962, the Tokuhon medicated plasters (the products)
were concurrently imported into Singapore by three family business entities,
namely, Nan Tat & Co (owned by the Chang family), Continental Trading Co (then
owned by the Thong family and later the Seow family) and Weng Seng Heng
Medical Hall (owned by the Ooi or Ng family). Hereinafter these three business
entities will be referred to as the three “entities”, “families” or “partners”
as may be appropriate.

4 The Japanese manufacturer of the products, Tokuhon Corporation (TC), felt
that the then arrangement for the importation of the plasters through the
three entities was not desirable. Following its suggestion, in February 1962,
the three families incorporated the appellant, TPL, with Nan Tat owning 35,000
of its shares, Continental 35,000 shares and Weng Seng Heng 30,000 shares. It
was agreed that each family would have one representative on the board of
directors of the company. The first board consisted of Chang Chiow Hee from
Nan Tat, Thong Giok from Continental and Ooi Choon Sian from Weng Seng Heng.

5 As at the date immediately prior to the dispute giving rise to the action,
representing Nan Tat on the board was Dr Chang Jin Aye (“Dr Chang”),
representing Continental were Seow and Mrs Seow and representing Weng Seng
Heng was Ooi Choon Sian, with Ng Choon Heng (“Ng”) as his alternate.

6 Following its incorporation, TPL was appointed by TC as the sole distributor
of the products in Singapore, Malaysia and Brunei. But as far as the actual
distribution of the products on the ground was concerned, it was, as before,
marketed and sold by the three entities independently, although TPL also did
some direct sales of its own. Each of the partners would buy the products from
TPL at a price slightly higher than cost and would sell them to their
respective retailers/consumers at a mark-up. In 1987, Continental ceased to
carry on business, and TPL took over those retailers with whom Continental had
had dealings with.

7 During the early stages, this working arrangement posed no problems as there
was rapport between the patriachs of the three families. However, much later,
in the nineties, problems began to surface, with complaints of various sorts
being levelled by one partner against another or others, e.g., allegations
that Nan Tat and Weng Seng Heng were always late in settling their
outstandings to TPL; Nan Tat publishing printed materials which stated that it
was the sole distributor of the products; a partner selling a competing brand
of medicated plasters of German origin; and the dumping by Weng Seng Heng of
Tokuhon plasters it imported into Malaysia onto the Singapore market.

8 In 1994, TC appointed China Merchants Import & Exports Co Ltd (China
Merchants) of Hong Kong as its agents with the authority to appoint authorised
distributors of the products in, _inter alia_ , Singapore, Malaysia and
Brunei. China Merchants is in the charge of Mr Michael Chien (“Chien”). The
internal squabbles of TPL were matters which Chien was well aware of from day
one.

9 In November 1994, Dr Chang of Nan Tat complained to Chien that Tokuhon
products were being dumped into the Singapore market from Malaysia and Weng
Seng Heng (and thus Ng) was suspected to be the culprit. This was because Weng
Seng Heng was appointed by TPL as the agent to import and distribute the
products in Malaysia and there were complaints by retailers here that similar
products were being sold in Singapore at lower prices. On 9 December 1994,
China Merchants wrote to Dr Chang stating that they were well aware of the
difficulties in TPL, as the three partners’ interests in the business were not
always the same.

10 On 20 December 1994, Dr Chang wrote to China Merchant, proposing that a
more direct sales method be used. He also pointed out that the three partners
were not of the same mind and asked that the responsibility of undertaking
marketing and sales be entrusted wholly to Nan Tat although the profits of TPL
would still be shared among the three partners.

11 In 1995, Dr Chang paid Chien a visit in Hong Kong and again complained
about the problems in TPL, including the dumping by Ng of the products from
Malaysia. The impression created in Chien’s mind was that Dr Chang was making
a pitch to have Nan Tat substituted as distributor in place of TPL.

12 In August 1996, with TC’s blessings, Chien flew to Singapore. The object of
that trip was to assess the position on the ground, speak to the directors of
TPL and determine which of the three partners should be appointed, in place of
TPL, as the sole distributor of the products. Eventually, he was prevailed
upon by the partners to allow them time to sort out their differences. He set
a time frame of three years for them to do so.

13 However, soon after this visit by Chien, Weng Seng Heng wrote to him on 14
October 1996 complaining that the directors were unable to cooperate and
sought sole distributorship of the products. The relevant parts of the letter
read:-

“As regards the shareholders of Singapore Tokuhon (Private) Limited not being
able to co-operate, and so frequently having diverse views during meetings and
hindering business progress, we are afraid that these may have an adverse
effect on sales if this situation were to persist.

Taking into consideration that my company has been in the medical business in
Singapore and Malaysia for some 10 years while enjoying good reputation and
having many customers, I would like to propose that you appoint my company to
be the sole agent (of your product). Not only will there be a definite
increase in sales volume, but the markets in both Singapore and Malaysia can
also be controlled easily.”

14 Chien did not follow up on the suggestion by Weng Seng Heng that the latter
be given the sole distributorship. But the partners never managed to resolve
their differences, although sales of the products in the year 1999 improved.
The dumping problem was, however, resolved in 1999 by the incorporation of an
associate company in Malaysia to take over the importation and distribution of
the products there.

15 In February 2000, matters came to a head when Mrs Seow learned from Chien,
who called her for an update, that Dr Chang had in January 2000 gone to Japan
and presented an advertising and promotional plan to TC. Chien was not told
beforehand by Dr Chang of the latter’s proposed presentation to TC but learnt
of it later. Chien was displeased by this slight, as it might give the
impression that Chien was not able to control his sub-distributors. Mrs Seow
was upset too and wrote to Dr Chang on 15 February 2000 voicing her
disapproval of his surreptitious move. She said “You went ahead to present
your plans to Japan though you are aware that our company presently lack a
competent marketing and sales staff to implement our advertisement plan.” The
letter ended with this paragraph:-

“In view of the above, I am agreeable to your suggestion ... to break-off the
partnership of Tokuhon (Pte) Ltd. _Your request to end the partnership is
therefore accepted. I will proceed to inform Japan about the decision_.”
(Emphasis added).

It was also copied to Weng Seng Heng.

16 A few days later, upon Chien’s inquiry over the telephone, Mrs Seow told
him of the state of affairs in the appellant. Upon his request, Mrs Seow sent
to Chien a copy of her letter of 15 February 2000. Mrs Seow explained that the
notation on the copy of the letter “bcc Mr Michael Chien …” was added by her
staff after she gave instructions to the staff to forward a copy to Chien.

17 In early March 2000, Dr Chang offered to sell his shares in TPL to the
other two partners. Mrs Seow discussed this with Ng. They could not agree on
how Dr Chang’s shares should be apportioned between the two of them. She also
did not want to get committed to a 50-50 partnership with Ng as they often
could not see eye-to-eye on matters relating to the business. Instead, Mrs
Seow wrote to Dr Chang and Ng offering to sell them her shares (including
those of her husband) at the price of $7.00 per share. However, this price was
considered by the other two partners to be too high and thus the offer was not
accepted.

18 On 17 March 2000, Mrs Seow wrote to Chien to inform him of her intention to
withdraw from TPL. The letter also touched on various disagreements between
the partners of TPL including, _inter alia_ , Dr Chang’s proposed withdrawal
from TPL, Dr Chang’s refusal to sign cheques relating to the company’s
business (and his later about-turn), Mrs Seow and Ng’s inability to agree on
how Dr Chang’s shares should be divided between them and the directors’
inability to agree whether to wind up TPL. The letter also enclosed minutes of
some directors’ meetings.

19 In early April 2000, TC expressed, through China Merchants, its
dissatisfaction over the low number of orders received. Mrs Seow checked and
found that there was an overstock situation. She wrote to inform China
Merchants of the same and also stated that the directors of TPL were still
unable to resolve their differences resulting in the marketing and promotional
plans for the products being put on hold.

20 At end April 2000, Chien went over to Japan to discuss with TC the question
of terminating the distributorship of TPL. On 15 May 2000 China Merchants
issued the termination letter.

21 Barely a week after the termination, on 21 May 2000, Ng arrived in Tokyo
making a pitch with TC, hoping to obtain the distributorship for his own firm,
Weng Seng Heng. He explained that the object of this trip was to get the
distributorship for TPL. This assertion was not accepted by the trial judge.

22 On 6 June 2000, TPL held its annual general meeting. Seow failed to get re-
elected to the Board. Because of that, Mrs Seow tendered her resignation from
the Board. There was a dispute as to the date on which she resigned. Though
her notice of resignation was dated 6 June 2000, there was evidence indicating
that she did not tender it until 15 June 2000. The trial judge accepted this
latter date to be the operative date.

23 In the meantime, on 11 June 2000, Dr Chang and Ng arrived in Tokyo and made
a joint attempt to persuade TC to give the distributorship to Nan Tat and Weng
Seng Heng. Again a similar assertion was made that the object of this visit by
Dr Chang and Ng was to seek the restoration of the distributorship for TPL.
This explanation was again not accepted by the trial judge.

24 Sometime in the third week of June 2000, Chien called Mrs Seow inviting her
to come over to Japan as Chien and TC were considering appointing her to be
the new distributor of the products in this region. Mrs Seow said that it was
upon much persuasion by Chien that she flew to Tokyo on 23 June 2000 to talk
to him and TC. On 29 June 2000, Chien telephoned Mrs Seow to inform her that
she had been selected to be the new distributor.

25 We now come to that part of the evidence of Mrs Seow which was not accepted
by the trial judge. She claimed that as at the time she was offered the
distributorship she did not own a suitable company to be used as the vehicle
for the distributorship, she approached her sister-in-law, Chong Hui Chee
(“Chong”), and her friend, Koh Yan Lee (“Koh”), who were then the shareholders
of Gamma, the third respondent, to use Gamma as the vehicle. Chong and Koh
agreed. Gamma was incorporated only four months earlier on 4 February 2000 by
the Seows for the purposes of selling cosmetics and other beauty products. Yet
on 6 June 2000 they transferred their shareholdings in Gamma to Chong and Koh
for no consideration. They even lent a substantial sum to Gamma.

26 It was really too much of a coincidence that the shares in Gamma were
transferred by the Seows on 6 June 2000, which was also the time at which TC
and/or Chien were considering appointing a new distributor for the products.
All these did not escape the keen eye of the trial judge who held that there
was no real transfer of shares in Gamma to Chong and Koh. These two ladies
were in truth holding Gamma in trust for the Seows.

27 While in this appeal, the Seows also challenged this finding of the judge,
we do not think this finding can be faulted, much less that it was reached
against the weight of the evidence. It seems to us fair to infer that by early
June 2000 Mrs Seow was anticipating that she could be appointed as the
distributor in place of TPL, and in order to avoid any questions being asked,
rightly or wrongly, she decided to transfer Gamma to Chong and Koh.

**Decision below**

28 In the action instituted, TPL sought damages for the loss of the
distributorship. In addition, it also claimed an account of the profits made
by Gamma from the distributorship. Before us, TPL has abandoned the claim for
an account of profits.

29 The judge below, at the outset, dismissed TPL’s claim against Seow on the
ground that he was never involved in the management of TPL; and neither was
there any evidence to link him to the actions of his wife. Before us, TPL made
a limited submission that Seow, like his wife, being a former director, was
nevertheless precluded from accepting the appointment as a distributor of the
products.

30 Besides the finding that the Seows were, in fact, the beneficial owners of
Gamma, the trial judge also found that –

(i) Wong’s letters of March and April 2000 did not cause TPL to lose the
distributorship. The cause was really the fact that the three partners could
no longer work together under the umbrella of TPL. He further held that, in
sending out the letters, Wong was not in breach of her fiduciary duties as a
director and that she was justified in so doing.

(ii) The Seows had not breached any fiduciary duties by accepting the
distributorship. He was of the opinion that Mrs Seow’s actions were entirely
above-board and had not been motivated wholly by a desire to gain the
distributorships for herself. In this regard, the judge noted that after the
termination of TPL’s distributorship, Dr Chang and Ng had in June 2000 jointly
approached TC in an attempt to get the distributorship for themselves even
though they were still directors of TPL.

**Was Mrs Seow in breach in sending out letters?**

31 Before us, the same issues are canvassed as were in the court below. We
have already indicated why we think the finding of the judge that the Seows
are the beneficial owners of Gamma should not be disturbed. We do not propose
to say anything more on that issue.

32 What remain are the two issues enumerated in ¶30 above and we will consider
each in turn. To recap, the first issue is, whether the letters written by Mrs
Seow in February to April 2000, in particular that of 17 March 2000, caused
the termination of the distributorship of TPL by TC/China Merchants? Before
answering this question, we think it necessary to consider whether, in sending
the letters to Chien, Mrs Seow was in breach of her fiduciary duties to TPL.

33 It is common ground that for some years before the termination of TPL’s
distributorship, the relationship between the three partners in TPL was
clearly unsatisfactory. Each partner pursued his own objectives and there was
no real effort to cooperate in the interest of TPL. They could not work
together for the good of the company. The fact that there was internal strife
among the three partners was a matter known only too well to both TC and
Chien.

34 It would be recalled that in 1996, Chien came to Singapore with a view to
resolving the stalemate by appointing one of the three partners as the sole
distributor in place of TPL. At the time, the three partners somehow managed
to close ranks and collectively asked Chien not to proceed as he had planned.
So Chien gave them a period of three years to work things out. As indicated
above, barely had Chien returned to Hong Kong, the apparent unity among them
cracked. Although the issue concerning the dumping of the products from
Malaysia was resolved through the setting-up of Tokuhon Malaysian (Sdn) Bhd,
the other problems besetting TPL still remained.

35 By the time Dr Chang unilaterally made his presentation to TC in January
2000, it would have been clear to TC, as well as to Chien, that things among
the partners were not getting any better. Because of this knowledge, Chien had
been closely monitoring the situation at TPL and thus called Mrs Seow from
time to time.

36 Mrs Seow did not, on her own volition, forward to Chien her letter of 15
February 2000 which she wrote to Dr Chang. It was Chien who called Mrs Seow to
ascertain what was happening in TPL. She mentioned to him about Dr Chang
wanting to leave the company and of her letter of 15 February 2000. Upon
Chien’s request, Mrs Seow instructed her staff to despatch a copy of the
letter to him. It is pertinent to note that in this letter Mrs Seow did
expressly state that she would inform TC about the partners’ intention to wind
up TPL.

37 Then there is the letter of 17 March 2000 from Mrs Seow to Chien informing
the latter of her intention to withdraw from TPL and where she also alluded to
the problems that plagued the company and enclosed the minutes of some of the
directors’ meetings. This letter was copied to both Dr Chang and Ng. She acted
openly. No objection was taken by them. As for Mrs Seow’s letter of 11 April
2000 to Chien, this was written in response to his request.

38 In determining whether Mrs Seow had breached her fiduciary duties to TPL in
writing those letters to Chien, we must view them in the light of the conduct
of the partners. In ordinary circumstances, what Mrs Seow did, in
communicating with Chien, would constitute a breach of her fiduciary duties as
a director of TPL (whether it is under general equitable principles or under s
157 of the Companies Act was not a point taken by the parties in their
arguments). Clearly the letter of 17 March, which set out in detail the
various conflicts between the shareholders, did not put TPL in a good light.
But the fact that there were conflicts among the shareholders was always known
to TC and Chien.

39 Dr Chang and Ng had always brought internal problems of TPL to the
attention of TC and Chien. They had regarded Chien as a confidante, a peace-
maker and a referee for the contending partners. They had similarly divulged
confidential information to Chien. The partners, as shareholders of TPL,
regarded themselves as free to act in their own interest. So what Mrs Seow
did, including divulging the minutes of board of directors’ meetings, was in
substance no different from what the other partners had done. All these
demonstrated that each of the partners regarded such conduct as being fair
game and acceptable. That was the norm set by the shareholder-partners for
TPL. As the judge perceptively found, TPL was no more than a device of
expediency. He said (at ¶94 of his judgment):-

“From the manner in which these individuals were seen to be reacting to each
other since the incorporation of the plaintiffs and the way in which the
business of the plaintiffs was being carried out over the years, it was
apparent that the plaintiffs were being operated, not like any traditional
private limited company but more like three self-seeking groups plying their
wares, sheltering nominally under a single corporate tent, but with scant
regard for any corporate discipline or mutual regard.”

40 The argument was also made that even if Dr Chang and Ng had done wrong,
those wrongs would not justify Mrs Seow in doing another wrong: two wrongs do
not make a right. But we think that the doings of all the directors in the
present case must be viewed in perspective. It must be emphasised that the
three directors represented the interests of all the shareholders of TPL. None
of the directors, and thus the three partners, viewed that there was a
separate independent interest of the company. In their capacities as
shareholders, the directors were advancing the interest of their own families
and were talking freely to Chien. That was the norm set by the shareholders of
the company, though not minuted as such in the minutes of the Company. The
shareholder-partners had impliedly accepted such conduct.

41 It is in the light of these very exceptional circumstances that we hold,
and thus concur with the trial judge, that in communicating with Chien, Mrs
Seow was not acting out of turn and was not in breach of any duty.

**Cause of the termination**

42 In any event, even if the correct view to take of the situation is that Mrs
Seow had technically committed a breach of fiduciary duty towards TPL, we
shall next have to consider whether the breach in fact caused the loss of the
distributorship. On this question, the judge held that the real cause for the
termination of the distributorship was the fact that notwithstanding the
considerable time given to the partners to work things out for the common
good, they were unable to do so. He accepted what Chien stated in his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief:-

“My decision to terminate the Plaintiffs’ distributorship rights was
essentially because it was obvious to me that the instability of the internal
structure of the Plaintiffs caused the Plaintiffs not to perform well. The
directors had been quarelling amongst themselves since 1994, Chang and Ng had
informed me about the conflicts and were trying to obtain the Plaintiffs’
distributorships for themselves. This was despite the chance I had given to
the Plaintiffs in 1996. It finally dawned on me that there was no way the
Plaintiffs’ directors could work together.”

“For these reasons, I felt that it was unwise to continue with the Plaintiffs
as sole distributors of Tokuhon products and decided that it would be better
to terminate the Plaintiffs’ distributorship rights and to look for another
distributor which was more stable. My decision was supported and approved by
Tokuhon Japan.”

43 In this regard, the appellant sought to rely upon an affidavit of Chien of
22 January 2000 filed in a company winding-up proceeding where Chien said that
because of what were set out in the letters, namely, that the directors were
thinking of winding-up TPL and Mrs Seow intended to withdraw from TPL, he
decided to terminate the distributorship of TPL. The appellant submitted that
that affidavit amounted to an admission, which Chien should not be allowed to
retract.

44 It is vital to bear in mind that in the winding-up proceeding the winding-
up of TPL was premised on the ground that it was just and equitable, due to
the loss of the substratum, i.e., the loss by TPL of the distributorship of
the products. There was no more reason for TPL to carry on. In that
proceeding, the important fact was the termination of the distributorship, not
the details as to what brought about Chien’s decision to terminate the
distributorship. However, in this action, Chien has amplified what was stated
briefly in the 22 January 2000 affidavit and given further details of the
reasons for his decision to terminate the distributorship. Chien was cross-
examined on his earlier affidavit as well as on his affidavit of evidence-in-
chief in this action and he has emerged unscathed. The trial judge had heard
Chien’s explanation in the witness box and had accepted it.

45 Counsel for TPL argued that Chien should not be allowed to contradict what
he had stated in his earlier affidavit. We do not think the rules of evidence
are so rigid as to prevent a witness from explaining or clarifying what was
stated in an earlier affidavit, or for that matter, his affidavit of evidence-
in-chief. It is for the trial judge to assess the evidence in all the
circumstances and determine the weight to be given to it. Here, the judge
found Chien to be a credible witness.

46 It is true that the three letters from Mrs Seow informed Chien of the then
state of affairs within TPL and that had, in a sense, hastened Chien’s review
of the question relating to the appointment of a new distributor for the
products, and in that limited sense it could be said that she had caused a
chain reaction leading to the termination of the distributorship. That
approach would, in our view, be viewing the situation with blinkers. It would
be like treating a symptom as the cause of an illness. It seems to us that if
it is a trigger-point that we are looking for, then that would really be the
visit by Dr Chang to TC in January 2000, prompting Chien to wanting to find
out more from Mrs Seow. But at the end, what really caused the termination was
a total breakdown in cooperation between the three partners.

47 Accordingly, we agree with the trial judge that the real cause of the
distributorship being terminated was the fact that the partners/directors of
TPL could not work in concert for the good of TPL. The termination was
inevitable. We do not see how this finding of the trial judge could be
disturbed.

**Were the respondents precluded from accepting distributorship**

48 We now turn to the second issue of whether the Seows had breached any
fiduciary duties in accepting the appointment as distributors of the products
through the instrumentality of Gamma.

49 Counsel contended that the Seows continued to owe a duty to TPL even after
they had ceased to be its directors. We would observe that it seems strange to
us that Dr Chang and Ng should so contend when they themselves had on 11 June
2000, before TC/Chien made up their mind as to whom to appoint as distributor
of the products, made presentation to TC urging the latter to appoint them as
distributors and not TPL.

50 The appellant relied upon the Canadian Supreme Court case of _Canadian Aero
Services v O’Malley_ 4 OD.L.R. 371 to contend that the Seows were precluded
from accepting the distributorship offered to them. But it is vitally
important not to lose sight of the fact situation in that case. There, former
directors of the company usurped for themselves a maturing business
opportunity relating to a complex project which they had been working on for
some years while they were directors. Laskin J, delivering the judgment of the
Court said (at 382):-

“An examination of the case law in this Court and in the Courts of other like
jurisdictions on the fiduciary duties of directors and senior officers shows
the pervasiveness of a strict ethic in this area of the law. In my opinion,
this ethic disqualifies a director or senior officer from usurping for himself
or diverting to another person or company with whom or with which he is
associated a maturing business opportunity which his company is actively
pursuing; he is also precluded from so acting even after his resignation where
the resignation may fairly be said to have been prompted or influenced by a
wish to acquire for himself the opportunity sought by the company, or where it
was his position with the company rather than a fresh initiative that led him
to the opportunity which he later acquired.”

51 It seems to us to be in accord with good sense to hold that a director’s
duties to the company do not necessarily end with his ceasing to be such a
director. Otherwise great mischief could be caused, of which what happened in
_Canadian Aero Services_ is an example. This principle was followed in the
English case of _Island Export Finance Ltd v Umunna & Anor_ [1986] BCLC 460
and the local case of _Personal Automation Mart Pte Ltd v Tan Swe Sang_ (S
777/1999, unreported judgment dated 6 April 2000).

52 However, the circumstances in the present case are entirely different.
There was no question of a maturing business. Business was already in hand.
The problem laid in the fact that the shareholders could not work together for
the good of TPL. For many years TPL, as well as all its shareholders and
directors, knew that its internal squabbles could cost the company the
distributorship. An equally important feature of the present case is that,
also for as many years, the other partners were, as enumerated above, trying
their best to obtain the distributorship for themselves. Clearly, after Chien
had terminated the distributorship of TPL, each of the partners realized that
each must fend for himself. They would also have known that Chien would have
to choose a new distributor from either one of them or such other suitable
candidates. The playing field was level, with the ultimate choice to be made
entirely by Chien, in consultation with TC.

53 The appellant next relied upon the case of _IDC v Cooley_ [1972] 2 All ER
162 to substantiate its contention that the Seows had breached their fiduciary
duties in accepting the appointment as distributors of the products. But again
the facts in _Cooley_ are entirely different. There the defendant, an
architect, was employed as the managing director of the plaintiffs. In that
capacity the defendant negotiated with the Eastern Gas Board for a project.
The Board did not like the plaintiffs’ set-up and so the plaintiffs were not
offered the job. Some seven months’ later, the Board decided to revive the
project and this was made known to the defendant by the newly appointed Deputy
Chairman of the Board. The defendant did not convey this information to the
plaintiff and instead, under the pretext of ill-health, left the plaintiffs’
employment. Thereafter, he joined the Board as project manager. The work was
in substance the same work which the plaintiffs were trying to obtain. The
court held that while the defendant was employed he owed a fiduciary duty to
disclose all information which he had received in the course of his dealings
with the Board. The information was of interest to the plaintiffs and by
keeping it to himself and using it for his own personal purposes, he had
thereby breached his fiduciary duty to the plaintiffs.

54 In our case here, all the partners knew, after TPL received the
notification of termination, that TC/Chien would be appointing a new
distributor. Ng even made a pitch to TC in May 2000 and together with Dr Chang
made a joint pitch in June 2000.

55 As we have mentioned earlier, the trial judge made the specific finding
that over the years, the three partners had conducted themselves as though
they were three separate units and the incorporation of TPL was nothing but a
vehicle of convenience. Each partner had always treated his own interest as
paramount.

56 In our judgment, the test of “the interest of the company” would not be the
appropriate test to be applied in the present case. To all intents and
purposes, TPL was dead after the termination of the distributorship. What we
should be looking at is whether Mrs Seow had obtained any unfair advantage
vis-à-vis the other two partners. We could see none. Moreover, we do not think
that the fact that she took the unnecessary step of transferring ownership of
Gamma to Chong and Koh is of any real consequence. After the receipt of the
notice of termination, each partner knew that the field was open. Ng made an
overture to TC in May 2002. Dr Chang and Ng made a joint overture in June 2000
without even informing Chien who, understandably, again felt slighted.

57 Various arguments have been raised as to the date on which Mrs Seow was
informed by Chien that she or her company would be appointed the new
distributor. The trial judge found this to be on 29 June 2000. It has not been
shown that this finding is clearly wrong. It might well be that before this
date Chien could have indicated to her that she stood a fair chance of being
selected. That is neither here nor there.

**Relief under section 391(1)**

58 Finally, we should refer to s 391(1) of the Companies Act which provides
that in any proceedings for breach of duty against a person and it appears
that he may be liable in respect thereof “but that he has acted honestly and
reasonably and that, having regard to all the circumstances … he ought fairly
to be excused … the court may relieve him either wholly or partly from his
liability …”

59 All we wish to add here is that if we had found that Mrs Seow had
technically committed any breach of duty and that breach could be said to have
caused loss to TPL, we would have been inclined to grant her relief under the
said s 391(1). On the facts of this case, there was really a free and even
contest between the three partners. Mrs Seow had acted openly and fairly. The
judge below found her actions reasonable in all the circumstances. TPL’s loss
of distributorship was inevitable. If fault is to be attributed, all three
partners must bear it. The choice was made by Chien and he preferred Mrs Seow.
Dr Chang and Ng should not be entitled to any remedy and as TPL is now wholly
owned by both of them, it would be an injustice to grant any remedy to TPL
which would eventually benefit them.

**Judgment**

60 In the premises, the appeal is dismissed with costs. For the same reason
given by the court below, the respondents shall only be entitled to 80% of the
costs of this appeal. However, as the appeal is effectively pursued by Dr
Chang and Ng for their own benefit, though in the name of TPL, we would be
inclined to order that the costs be borne by them personally in equal share.
But before doing so, we would like to invite submission which should reach us
within seven days.

61 The security for costs, together with any accrued interest, shall be
released to the respondents to account of their costs. Lest there be any
misunderstanding, we order that there shall only be one set of costs for all
the three respondents.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

