Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hi-Amp Engineering Pte Ltd v Technicdelta Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 316

Case Number | : | Suit 972/2002/M  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 December 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Raymond Lye and Jacintha Voon (Tay Lye and Ngaw Partnership) for plaintiff; Lim Shack Keong (Peter Moe and Partners) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Hi-Amp Engineering Pte Ltd — Technicdelta Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd   
  
31 December 2003  _Judgment reserved._

MPH Rubin J:

1 Hi-Amp Engineering Pte Ltd, the plaintiffs in this action, are a company
incorporated in Singapore. Their business activities include electrical
installation, construction and providing ancillary engineering services. The
defendants, Technicdelta Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd, for their part, are
also engaged in electrical engineering contracting business.

**_Background facts and pleadings_**

2 The dispute between the parties revolves around payment obligations towards
each other, arising from a supply of labour contract for electrical
installation works at the Boon Keng and Potong Pasir Mass Rapid Transit
(‘MRT’) stations. The circumstances which gave rise to the dispute could be
briefly stated as follows.

3 On or about 1 August 2000, a business entity known as AMEC NEL Consortium
(‘AMEC’), the main contractors for a major MRT project, awarded a sub-contract
(‘the AMEC contract’) to the defendants to provide electrical installation
services for four MRT stations on the North-East Line, namely, Boon Keng,
Potong Pasir, Serangoon and Woodleigh, for a sum of $2,780,000.00. The
defendants, in turn, engaged one GYG Engineering Contractors Pte Ltd (‘GYG’)
to carry out the works in relation to two of the said four stations, namely,
Boon Keng and Potong Pasir MRT stations. However, for some reason, GYG either
failed or did not wish to proceed with the project. The defendants then
appointed the plaintiffs to carry out the work. In essence, the contract
between the plaintiffs and the defendants (‘the Hi-Amp contract’) was for the
supply of manpower for the completion of electrical services work at the Boon
Keng and Potong Pasir MRT stations. It should be mentioned at this stage, that
under the AMEC contract, AMEC agreed to pay the defendants a sum of
$1,368,337.00 for the said two MRT stations, ($658,075.00 for Boon Keng and
$710,262.00 for Potong Pasir). However, under the Hi-Amp contract, terms and
conditions of which were spelt out in the defendants’ letter of award dated 13
October 2000, the plaintiffs agreed to carry out the works for a fixed sum of
$762,984.00. Insofar as is material, the significant features of the said
letter of award read as follows:

13th Oct’ 2000

…

Ms. Hi-Amp Engineering Pte Ltd

…

RE: MRT NORTH EAST LINE PROJECT CONTRACT ELECTRICAL SERVICES C775 – ELECTRICAL
SERVICES FOR SECTOR 2 POTONG PASIR AND BOON KENG STATIONS – LABOUR SUPPLY SUB-
CONTRACT – LETTER OF AWARD

We refer to the above via our letter ref : 05/TD/MRT7/y/GYG/L0010 address to
Ms. GYG Engineering Contractors Pte Ltd dated 13th October 2000 transfer to
your Company.

As requested, we are pleased to issue an award letter to you for Labour Supply
Sub-Contract (SUB-CONTRACT) for the installation of AMEC NEL Consortium’s
Electrical Services Contract C775 for Sector 2 Potong Pasir and Boon Keng
Stations (MAIN CONTRACT) to MS. HI-AMP ENGINEERING PTE LTD (SUB-CONTRACTOR).

The terms and conditins of the SUB-CONTRACT are as follows:-

1) SCOPE OF WORKS

> a) To supply Safety Supervisors, Foremen, Skilled Electrical Workers,
> Unskilled Workers and all necessary manpower for the timely and satisfactory
> completion of the electrical Services Contract C775 for Sector 2 Potong
> Pasir and Boon Keng Stations by AMEC NEL Consortium (MAIN CONTRACTOR).
>
> b) All parties have agreed that TECHNICDELTA and the SUB-CONTRACTOR shall
> each bear 50% of the material painting cost.
>
> c) Supply of direct material shall be made by TECHNICDELTA on SUB-
> CONTRACTOR’s request, but shall not be in excess of what is reasonably
> required on site.
>
> d) Manpower supplied by SUB-CONTRACTOR shall be equipped, at SUB-
> CONTRACTOR’s cost with safety helmets, safety shoes, belts, reflector vests,
> tools and all necessary safety accessories called for in the MAIN CONTRACT.

2) SUB-CONTRACT SUM

The SUB-CONTRACTOR shall execute the installation of the SUB-CONTRACT works
with a fixed lump sum price of S$762,984.00 (Singapore Dollars: Seven Hundred
Sixty Two Thousand and Nine Hundred Eighty Four Only) The duration of the SUB-
CONTRACT is 17 months according to the Base Line Program.

Attach to our letter ref: 02TD/MRT7/y/HA/L0010 dated 13/10/2000

3) SUB-CONTRACT DOCUMENTS

The following shall, mutatis mutandis, form an integral part of SUB-CONTRACT
documents:-

> a) This Letter of Award.
>
> b) AMEC NEL Consortium’s Electrical Services Contract C775 for Sector 2
> Potong Pasir and Boon Keng Stations (MAIN CONTRACT) and all corresponding
> drawings, specifications and schedules.

4) TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SUB-CONTRACT

Other than the variation in MAIN CONTRACT sum and BQ pricing, all terms and
conditions of the MAIN CONTRACT shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the SUB-
CONTRACT.

5) TERMS OF PAYMENT

The SUB-CONTRACTOR shall be paid an Advance of 5% (Five Percent) of the Sub-
contract sum and shall be deducted from the Interim Payments in 5 equal
instalments. Progress payment will be made under normal monthly interim
valuations through the MAIN CONTRACTOR in accordance with the conditions of
MAIN CONTRACT. The SUB-CONTRACTOR shall submit progress claims to TECHNICDELTA
before 2nd of each calendar month.

…

15) MATERIAL REQUISITION

The SUB-CONTRACTOR shall diligently plan the requisition of Free issue
Material, Bulk Free Issue Material and material/equipment necessary for the
completion of the works called for the MAIN CONTRACT. SUB-CONTRACTOR shall be
fully responsible for any disruptions due to failure on SUB-CONTRACTOR’s part
to requisite material in reasonable advance. SUB-CONTRACTOR shall be in full
control for material flow and shall be responsible for the material received.
SUB-CONTRACTOR shall bear the cost of excessive wastage on re-measurement of
completed installation.

…

ACCEPTANCE OF SUB-CONTRACT AWARD

I/We, the undersigned, accept the Letter of Award dated 13th October 2000,
ref: 02/TD/MRT7/y/HA/L0010, copy of which has been retained and hereby confirm
that the content of the said Letter of Award are fully agreeable by us.

Technicdelta Electrical Engineering P/L HI-AMP Engineering Pte Ltd

(signed) (signed)

………………………………. ……………………………….

AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE

…

**_The claim and the counterclaim_**

4 The plaintiffs admittedly commenced work on the project from about October
2000 and stopped sometime in May 2002. They alleged that although they had
duly supplied labour and discharged their obligations under the contract, the
defendants had breached their payment of obligations. Their claim against the
defendants, after many revisions, as appears in their re-re-amended statement
of claim (para 12), was for the following sums:

(a) $155,235.47 as being the sum due in respect of the progress claims,
inclusive of retention sums;

(b) $281,640.39 in respect of supply of labour during extended period; and

(c) $438,302.07 for variations and additional works; or

(d) alternatively quantum meruit.

5 It should be noted here that the plaintiffs’ initial claim was for a sum of
$1,331,504.94 but the final pleaded claim by them was for a total of
$875,177.93. However, in the synopsis provided by plaintiffs’ counsel during
the trial on 12 August 2003, the claim was further reduced to $626,590.01. The
breakdown provided reads as follows.

(a) $150,714.05 in respect of progress claims and retention sums;

(b) $156,496.39 in respect of labour during extended period; and

(c) $319,379.57 for variations and additional works.

6 Then, in the final submission by plaintiffs’ counsel, the figures underwent
yet another change. The claim figure for item (a) above was increased to
$155,235.47 and the result was that the very latest claim figure of the
plaintiffs was $631,111.43 (paras 64, 148 and 165 of the plaintiffs’ final
submission).

7 The defendants maintained that the plaintiffs’ claims were unfounded and
that the plaintiffs had in fact been overpaid by a sum of $314,484.03.
Alleging that the plaintiffs were in breach of their several obligations under
the Hi-Amp contract, the defendants counterclaimed a sum of $314,484.03. It
should be mentioned at this stage, that the defendants were also found to be
lopping and chopping their pleadings many times. Their initial counterclaim
was for a sum of $603,329.42. This figure was soon increased to $802,474.42.
It was then cut down to $558,418.00. Later, the figure was further scaled down
to $314,484.03 (para 13 of the re-re-amended defence and counterclaim). Very
much later, after forwarding their written submissions, the defendants wanted
to have another revision, this time to an upward figure of $441,688.01, but
this was rejected by the court on the ground that any amendment at such a late
stage would have obligated the court to re-hear evidence all over again.

8 The pleaded case of the defendants was that the Hi-Amp contract was a fixed
lump sum contract for $762,984; it contained a 17-month “base line program”
(from July 2000 to December 2001); the said contract as comprised in the
letter of award was subject to the AMEC contract; and that all the terms and
conditions of the AMEC contract applied to the Hi-Amp contract.

9 The defendants averred in their re-re-amended defence and counterclaim
(further amplified by their counsel in his opening statement) that the
plaintiffs had been overpaid; they had overdrawn materials which were supplied
free and known as free issue materials (‘FIM’); the plaintiffs were not
entitled to claim for variation works as the said works were within the scope
of the contract between them; the plaintiffs were entitled to payment only
after the defendants had been paid by AMEC; as regards the claim for extended
period, there was no contractual entitlement, and at any rate, the delay in
completion of work was caused by the plaintiffs. The defendants also contended
that the plaintiffs’ omission in bringing certain switch boards to the site
resulted in the reduction of their monthly valuation for February 2002 from
$689,483.54 to $651,588.34. The defendants’ purported counterclaim was said to
straddle four main components, namely, overdrawn FIM by the plaintiffs;
additional labour provided and salaries paid by the defendants owing to the
default of the plaintiffs; advance payments by the defendants to the
plaintiffs; and miscellaneous expenses incurred by the defendants on behalf of
the plaintiffs.

10 The details of the claim by the plaintiffs and the sums counterclaimed by
the defendants under various items are set out below in a synopsis provided to
the court by counsel. The said synopsis is annexed hereto as ‘Annexure A’

**_Evidence_**

11 The principal witness for the plaintiffs was Mr Toh Kok Seng (‘TKS’), one
of the directors of the plaintiffs. His evidence could be summarised as
follows.

12 TKS denied that the terms of the Hi-Amp contract were ‘back-to-back’ with
the AMEC contract. He claimed that the defendants did not, until very well
into the contract period, make any reference to the plaintiffs’ need to comply
with the AMEC contract. Reference to the back-to back allegation surfaced only
at the end of the original contract period in December 2001. In any event, a
copy of the AMEC contract was supplied to the plaintiffs only on or about 6
February 2002.

13 TKS claimed that when the plaintiffs embarked on the project (sometime in
October 2000), they were given only the tender drawings, work packs and the
breakdown of the said work packs, nothing else. He pointed out that the scope
of work under cl 1(a) of the Hi-Amp contract was to supply safety supervisors,
foremen, skilled electrical workers and unskilled workers. This according to
him was much narrower in scope than that of the defendants who were required
under the AMEC contract for the supply, delivery, storage, protection,
installation, painting, labelling, co-ordination, supervision, testing,
commissioning and handing over of the electrical services of the project
including maintaining the electrical services during the defects liability
period. TKS further claimed that cl 4 of the Hi-Amp contract which read that
“other than the variation in MAIN CONTRACT sum and BQ pricing, all terms and
conditions of the MAIN CONTRACT shall apply, _mutandis mutandis_ , to the SUB-
CONTRACT” did not make the Hi-Amp contract to be read back-to-back with the
AMEC contract.

14 TKS also highlighted the aspect that under cl 15 of the Hi-Amp contract,
the plaintiffs were only required to bear the costs of excessive wastage on
re-measurement of the completed installation whereas the obligations of the
defendants under the AMEC contract were for ‘any extra quantity of the
material required in excess or extra over and above the stipulated quantity’.
He suggested that by any view, the defendants could not impose the terms and
conditions of the AMEC contract on the plaintiffs, especially when the
defendants had failed to supply the plaintiffs with a copy of the same until
February 2002.

**_Claim for progress claims and advance payments_**

15 On the issue of progress claims and advance payments, TKS, averred that at
the outset of the negotiations for the Hi-Amp contract, the plaintiffs were
assured by the defendants that the plaintiffs would be paid for all additional
and variation works carried out by them. He said that the defendants’ present
allegation of over-payment to the defendants was ill-founded. In this regard,
he mentioned that the main contractor ie, AMEC divided the work to be done
into modules known as work packs and the value of each work pack was specified
in the breakdown in the main contract. The sum total of all the value of the
work pack made up the total contract price. However, the values of each work
pack were worked out during the pre-award stage and had very little actual
correlation to the work eventually required to be done on site. For example,
some work packs might be under-valued and some over-valued, but when added up,
they amounted to the contract price. As such, so long as the works specified
in the plaintiffs’ scope were completed, they should be paid the price as
agreed. He denied the allegation by the defendants of overpayment to the
plaintiffs. He said that whatever advances made to the defendants by the
plaintiffs were all offset in the payments for progress claims due to them.

16 TKS said that the plaintiffs were not aware of the manner of payment
prescribed in the main contract until they finally had sight of the main
contract on 6 February 2002. Despite numerous previous requests by the
plaintiffs for a copy of the main contract, the defendants only furnished to
them a copy of the same, well after the expiry of the original contract period
in February 2002.

17 He then set out in a table (at para 34 of his affidavit of evidence-in-
chief) the respective dates when the defendants made some ‘advance payments’
and how these ‘advances’ were offset in the subsequent progress claims.

April 2001 S$15,000.00 deducted in Progress Claim 8 dated 6 June 2001

May 2001 S$47,584.33 deducted in Progress Claim 10 dated 6 August 2001

July 2001 S$28,000.00 deducted in Progress Claim 10 dated 6 August 2001

August 2001 S$60,000.00 deducted in Progress Claim 11 dated 7 September 2001

September 2001 S$48,195.01 deducted in Progress Claim 12 dated 9 October 2001

October 2001 S$27,375.68 deducted in Progress Claim 13 dated 6 November 2001

November 2001 S$40,000.00 deducted in Progress Claim 14 dated 7 December 2001

December 2001 S$30,000.00 deducted in Progress Claim 15 dated 9 January 2002

January 2002 S$25,000.00 not deducted from Progress Claim 16 as work done in
January 2002 was not paid

April 2002 S$35,000.00 not an “advance payment” please see below

April 2002 S$15,000.00 not an “advance payment” please see below

18 TKS averred that from the above table, it could be seen that the “advance
payments” paid by the defendants from April 2001 to December 2001 had already
been deducted from the plaintiffs’ monthly progress claims. The “advance
payment” in January 2002 was not deducted from subsequent progress claims
since the plaintiffs were not paid for their work done in for the months of
January 2002 to March 2002. As for the payments of $35,000.00 and $15,000.00
in April 2002, these were not advance payments but part payments of the sum of
$100,000.00 which the defendants agreed to pay the plaintiffs for their work
at the Temporary Occupation Permit stage (TOP).

**_Claim for variation and additional works_**

19 As regards variation and additional works claims by the plaintiffs, TKS
said that during the course of the Hi-Amp contract, various revisions and
changes were made to the tender drawings and these changes were conveyed to
the plaintiffs orally or in writing by either the representatives of the
defendants or the main contractor. When oral instructions were given, the
plaintiffs would confirm the same in writing with either the defendants or the
main contractor.

**_Instructions for variation work_**

20 The defendants had always instructed the plaintiffs as well as the other
contractors that they could claim, and that the defendants would pay the cost
of all additional or abortive works so long as these changes were clearly
documented and the necessary claims submitted to the defendants for
processing.

21 According to TKS, all variation and additional works were carried out at
the instructions of the defendants or their representatives (including the
main contractor). Throughout the contract period and during the extended
contract period, the defendants’ executives namely, Mr Chai Kow, Mr Dennis Ng,
Mr Andrew Hoe Huat Heng and/or Mr Khairilamri Atan, would instruct the
plaintiffs either orally at the site or by the phone, or in writing via fax to
effect the variation works. Where the instructions were oral, the defendants
would forward the supporting site instructions received from the main
contractor as confirmation. Upon the plaintiffs’ implementation of these
changes, the plaintiffs would record the changes made, obtain verification
from the relevant station engineer and submit the plaintiffs’ variation claims
on man-hour basis (see para 38 of TKS affidavit of evidence-in-chief).

22 TKS also highlighted the fact that on or about the end of October 2001, the
defendants’ project manager, Mr Dennis Ng instructed the plaintiffs to obtain
an endorsement from the station engineer or the site supervisor on the
‘Certification of Work Done Form’ which was to be submitted with the monthly
variation claims.

23 TKS also invited the court’s attention to the plaintiffs’ letter addressed
to the defendants dated 27 October 2001 to establish that variation claims
were duly submitted by the plaintiffs. As for the additional works, the
plaintiffs would normally would submit a quotation as instructed by the
defendants and commence work only upon receipt of the defendants’
confirmation.

24 TKS further averred that the plaintiffs had submitted altogether ten
variation claims to date to the defendants and at no time prior to the break-
down of the relationship between the parties did the defendants question the
validity or the basis of the said variation claims. TKS, in this regard,
referred to the variation claims exhibited in the affidavit of Roger Tan Kia
Hock, another witness for the plaintiffs and to the minutes of the management
meeting No 25 and No 26 dated 20 June and 6 July 2001, where it was recorded
that ‘Mr Chai Kow [the defendants’ director and principal witness] instructed
all subcontractors to prepare records of variation works and submit to TDE
[Technicdelta] as soon as possible. TDE will be forwarding the records to AMEC
for claiming’. TKS asserted that only after the relationship between the
parties had soured, did the defendants choose to seek shelter behind the so-
called main contract argument.

25 TKS maintained that from the commencement of the Hi-Amp contract, the work
was fraught with delays due to the lack of installation data, unavailability
of materials, the late delivery of cables, frequency of abortive and
additional works required as well as the delay caused by the other
contractors. In particular, the main contractor for the construction of the
two stations was more than three months behind schedule. The installation of
electrical works which was the last stage of the project could not commence
until the stations were structurally complete. As the plaintiffs were merely
the sub-contractors for the supply of labour for the installation of
electrical services, they were not in the position to direct or control the
progress made by the other sub-contractors. According to TKS, the allegation
that the plaintiffs were responsible for co-ordination with the other trades
should be viewed with derision. He said that each sub-contractor had his own
deadlines to worry about and would not oblige other sub-contractors for their
allotted tasks.

26 TKS said that although the plaintiffs were engaged to commence work under
the Hi-Amp contract only in October 2000, three months after the commencement
of the baseline program in July 2000, the works were substantially completed
by them by April or May 2002. While this was beyond the deadline initially
agreed by the parties, it was absolutely untrue that the plaintiffs were
responsible for the delay in the completion of the works. He claimed that it
was baseless for the defendants to allege that the plaintiffs had provided
insufficient manpower and that the high turnover of our labour force had
resulted in the extensive rectification and abortive works.

27 TKS in this regard invited the court’s attention to a fax from the
defendants to the main contractor dated 19 December 2001 in which the
defendants had expressly stated that the overall progress of the works was
delayed due to the late delivery of the cables and unavailability of
materials.

28 TKS added that the defendants requested that the plaintiffs extend their
labour supply on site to complete the works. The defendants knew that the
plaintiffs were not at fault and therefore requested the plaintiffs to propose
a lumpsum figure for the extension of time rather than the agreed rates for
variation works at $15.00 per hour for skilled labour and $8.00 per hour for
general labour. The plaintiffs then proposed a lump sum figure of S$208,000.00
to complete the list of outstanding works. Initially, the defendants agreed
with the sum proposed and the defendants’ project manager Mr Dennis Ng
provided the plaintiffs with a draft letter to be sent on the plaintiffs’
letterhead. However, no agreement on the lump sum was eventually concluded and
hence the parties reverted to the ongoing agreement to pay $15.00 per hour for
skilled workers and $8.00 per hour for general workers.

29 TKS said that the work at the Boon Keng station achieved TOP on 27 April
2002 save for some minor comments from the Main Contractor. Even at the TOP
stage, the plaintiffs encountered critical material shortages and late
instructions.

30 The severity of the delay on the part of the main contractor was reiterated
by the defendants themselves in their letter to the main contractor dated 7
May 2002, where the defendants explained to the main contractor that the
reasons ‘ _for the setback in progress at the Potong Pasir station’ were “the
late and intermittent delivery of materials in which we have informed you
through our correspondence, inaccurate and last minute installation
confirmation and details from your site representatives … this resulted in
numerous abortive works on site and loss of time_ …” The letter also commented
on many other problems impeding the works such as ‘material shortages and the
lack of instructions.’ While the letter addressed the problems hindering the
progress at Potong Pasir station, the nature of delay experienced at this
station was by and large encountered at Boon Keng station as well.

31 As a result of the extension of the Hi-Amp contract on or about the end of
February 2002 during a site walk at Boon Keng station, the defendants
requested and the plaintiffs agreed to continue to provide labour at the unit
rate of $15.00 per hour for skilled workers and $8.00 for general works from
January 2002 to May 2002.

**_Additional labour_**

32 TKS further said that, as the cause of the delay in the sub-contract was
not due to the fault of the plaintiffs, they were rightfully entitled to claim
for the additional labour supplied to the defendants.

**_Outstanding payment for original work done_**

33 On the issue of outstanding payment for original work done, TKS claimed
that the defendants had unreasonably reduced the monthly valuation figure for
the work done from S$689,483.54 in Progress Claim 15 to S$651,588.34. The
defendants’ purported explanation for this reduction at para 5 of the amended
defence and counterclaim was that the plaintiffs had omitted to carry out
certain works, namely, the task of bringing down the switchboards into the
station and positioning them within the basement rooms.

34 TKS said that the transportation of the switchboards was originally part of
the scope of the main contract and the sub-contract. However, this was not a
task that could have been accomplished by manual labour alone. The
transportation of the switchboards required a mobile crane, a duly certified
rigger, a signal man and safety supervisor to oversee the move. Once the
switchboards were hoisted, heavy equipment such as a forklift had to be used
to deliver them into the basement switchrooms. Such switchboards were usually
delivered to the specific locations by either the supplier of the switchboards
or a specialist subcontractor. TKS complained that it was totally
unjustifiable to treat this item of work as an omission when this aspect of
work had been taken out of the scope of the main contract.

35 As regards the defendants’ claim in respect of FIM, TKS said that the
defendants had no valid basis to claim the share.

36 After making reference to cl 15 of the Hi-Amp contract and the relevant
clause in the AMEC contract (vide para 14 infra), TKS contended that the
plaintiffs, in compliance with cl 15 of the Hi-Amp contract, utilised the FIM
allocated to them efficiently and responsibly. According to him, the
plaintiffs were not expressly required under the subcontract to oversee the
defendants’ responsibilities in relation to material control and co-
ordination. It was for the defendants to control the requisition since the FIM
were also needed for internal transfers to other stations by the defendants,
the occurrence of which was beyond the plaintiffs’ knowledge and control.

37 TKS added that the plaintiffs were expressly required under the Hi-Amp
contract to provide only labour; and that inventory control was not within
their scope of work. They had no direct access to these franchise materials
(FIM), the requisition of which had to be made in draw-down forms specifying
the quantity of materials required and their location of use. These forms had
to be approved by the Station Engineer of the main contractor who would then
fax the request to the head office of the main contractor. The main contractor
had the final discretion on the amount of FIM, (if any) to be released to the
plaintiffs. Given the procedure, it was unreasonable for the defendants to
look to the plaintiffs for any compensation.

**_Other amounts claimed by the defendants_**

38 TKS questioned the legitimacy of the defendants’ claim for a sum of
S$26,132.32 purportedly spent on materials, equipment and levy charges
incurred on behalf of the plaintiffs during the course of the work. While the
defendants had enclosed invoices to prove the same, the plaintiffs had on
several occasions requested from them further documents to prove that such
materials and equipment were in fact received by the plaintiffs but the
delivery orders provided by the defendants did not seem to bear the signature
of the plaintiffs’ employees.

39 With reference to the defendants’ invoice No 6070/01 dated 26 December 2001
(costs of scaffold), TKS expressed surprise that the defendants saw fit to
include this item in their defence and counterclaim. He said that on or about
2 December 2001, the defendants had agreed with the plaintiffs that the said
invoice was issued only for record purposes and that the defendants would not
be charging the plaintiffs for the same. In this regard, the court’s attention
was drawn to the plaintiffs’ letter dated 2 December 2001 recording the said
agreement.

40 TKS also questioned the defendants’ other invoices. As for the defendants’
invoice Nos 6099/02, 6114/02 and 6129/02, he said that these were in respect
of a worker Anwar Hossain Taher Khalasi who did not work for the plaintiffs;
the same can be said of the defendants’ invoice Nos 6138/02 and 6156/02, as
these claims were also in respect of a worker who did not work for the
plaintiffs.

41 The plaintiffs also denied that they were liable to the defendants for
invoice No 6093/02, for accessories allegedly purchased for the plaintiffs’
use since the defendants had yet to furnish the plaintiffs with the delivery
order bearing the acknowledgement of receipt by the plaintiffs’ staff.

42 TKS maintained that it was never the scope of the plaintiffs’ work to
provide materials for the project.

43 Referring to para 9(vi) of the Amended Defence and Counterclaim, TKS
averred that the plaintiffs were not liable to pay the defendants the costs of
supervisors provided since it was the responsibility of the defendants to
provide the supervisors and not the plaintiffs. TKS claimed that it was
ironical that the defendants should be claiming from the plaintiffs the costs
for providing supervisors at the stations when the defendants owed the
plaintiffs $17,000.00 for the plaintiffs’ service as the Site Supervisor for
Potong Pasir station from September 2000 to February 2002. He said that the
defendants had in fact requested TKS to work as the Site Supervisor at the
rate of $1,000.00 per day. In this connection, he referred to the plaintiffs’
letter to the defendants dated 24 August 2001 and the letter from the
defendants to the plaintiffs dated 20 September 2001 confirming this
agreement.

44 On the issue of additional labour and supervisor purportedly provided by
the defendants, as pleaded in para 9(vi) of the Amended Defence and
Counterclaim, TKS referred to the notes of the meeting which they had with the
defendants on 14 December 2001 where Chai Kow appeared to have agreed that the
plaintiffs had done ‘almost 100% of the contract works as well as almost 100%
of the Variation/Additional works but have not been paid for the variation
works done.’ The defendants further agreed ‘to put in labours for the
additional and variation works so that Hi-Amp can concentrate on the contract
works … For this, TDE will not back-charge all the expenses to Hi-Amp and any
profit arising from the variation, will return to Hi-Amp.’

45 In the affidavit of evidence-in-chief of TKS, he made reference to several
documents to confirm the plaintiffs’ position. Significant amongst them were:

(a) Minutes of Meeting No. 25 under the letter head of the defendants – Item
12.0.(confirmation of instruction by Mr Chai Kow to prepare record of
variation works and submit to the defendants for onward transmission to AMEC
for payment (pages 65 and 66, TKS’s AEIC);

(b) A letter from the plaintiffs dated 12 November 2001 addressed to the
defendants, relating to rates to be charged by the plaintiffs for skilled
workers and general workers to perform general amendment and rectification
works at Boon Keng and Potong Pasir stations. The agreement was admitttedly
confirmed and accepted by one the defendants’ executives - (page 111, TKS’s
AEIC);

(c) The defendants’ letter dated 19 December 2001 addressed to AMEC blaming
the latter for late delivery of cables and unavailability of materials on site
which had reportedly affected the overall progress of work and operational
costs (page 157,TKS’s AEIC); and

(d) The defendants’ letter dated 7 May 2002 to AMEC (pages 294 and 295, TKS’s
AEIC). The material parts of the letter reads as follows:

7th May 2002

…

Ms AMEC NEL Consortium

…

Dear Sirs

Re: North East Line Sub-Contract C775 (Electrical Services) – Sector 2 –
Potong Pasir And Boon Keng Station

Kindly note of the following:

_Boon Keng station_

\- Our site personnel have reported that Boon Keng station has achieved T.O.P
on 27th April 2002 with minor comments. Please confirm.

\- Note that we are unable to install the trunking covers at the DB rooms, as
the trunking installed is undersize. As you are aware, we have worked as per
the construction drawings details and seek your urgent advise on the matter.

_Potong Pasir station_

\- We were informed that T.O.P for Potong Pasir station has been postponed to
a later date. Kindly advise us on the actual date for our monitoring of
progress.

\- There are still four areas pending for C705 hacking works, in order for us
to proceed with our concealed installation works. Kindly advise.

\- We are unable to install the earth red point as the cable detection report
that was given to us was found to be inaccurate. We were instructed to hold
all works pending Power Grid personnel coordination results with your station
engineer on the actual location of the cable. Please advise.

You will understand that we have, within our best means, performed our
obligations for completion of works in the station, although, as you are
aware, the initial baseline program of 17 months is exceeded and we are at
present running into critical financial constraints. However, kindly note of
the following reasons for the setback in progress at Potong Pasir station.

\- We have been experiencing late and intermittent delivery of materials, in
which we have informed you through our correspondences.

_Attached to our letter ref: 236/TD/MRT7/am/L0205_

\- We have experience inaccurate and last minute installation confirmation and
details from your site representatives. As you are aware, this resulted in
numerous abortive works on site and loss of time.

\- All the lights installed have been according to your construction drawings
and site instructions. However, the locations of the installation are
commented by L.T.A during the inspection and had to be re-located.

\- We are unable to install the light fitting at ground level as the wall
finishing have yet to be complete by civil.

\- Underground trench completed but we are unable to proceed further due to
material shortages. Please advise.

\- Final sub circuit at Telecom Riser has been completed. However, we have not
received the light fitting for installation.

\- Telecom cable installation completed. No termination details to all risers.

\- Some of the light fittings installed were not working due to defective
gears and starters.

\- Earthing for conduit pipe and trunking/tray at MCT were only commented
during the R.L inspection, in which we do not have such instructions prior to
this.

\- Extra MCT required at concourse level was never advised to us earlier, but
only after we have completed the installation of the existing work
requirement.

\- Kindly arrange with C705 on the installation of FCU at lift pit and advise
us on any further action.

You will understand that the above matters seek your urgent attention to
resolve in order for us to proceed further in completion of our works at the
stations.

As such, we shall not be responsible for any installation delay and cost
liabilities due to late confirmation of the above.

…

Technicdelta Elect Engrg P/L

(signed)

f Project Manager

Dennis Ng

46 After making reference to a host of documents, which included written
instructions from the defendants for variation and additional works, TKS
averred that the plaintiffs’ claim was genuine and the defendants did not have
any valid defence against the plaintiffs. He further asserted that the
defendants’ counterclaim was a frivolous attempt to deny what was rightly due
to the plaintiffs.

47 Mr Andrew Hoe Huat Heng (‘Hoe’), a former project manager of the
defendants, testified on behalf of the plaintiffs in this action. He averred
in his affidavit that he left the defendants’ employ on his own accord as he
wanted a change in his working environment and had come forward to tell the
truth. He told the court that he had no axe to grind with the defendants.
Insofar as is material, his evidence can be summarised as follows.

48 Hoe had been in the construction industry since 1966. He joined the
defendants on or about 16 May 2000, initially on a part-time basis and later
as the defendants’ full-time executive project manager. He was the person in-
charge of the installation of electrical services for the projects under
reference and was frequently consulted by the defendants’ managing director
Chai Kow even before the defendants were awarded contracts by AMEC on or about
4 August 2000.

49 He said that Chai Kow fully appreciated the significance of providing
greater flexibility to the sub-contractors. According to him, Chai Kow
verbally assured the sub-contractors that they should not worry about the main
contract and that the defendants would not apply the main contract terms in
relation to payments due to the sub-contractors. He said that the contract
awarded to the plaintiffs was for $762,984.00, which amounted to about 55.75%
of the contract price due to the defendants from the main contractor, in
relation to Potong Pasir and Boon Keng MRT stations.

50 As far as the defendants were concerned, the provisions of the main
contract applied to the sub-contracts only in relation to works as specified
in the technical drawings and the manner in which documents should be
submitted for progress claims. Further, according to him up to the time he
left the defendants’ employ in September 2001, the plaintiffs had no access to
the main contract documents, apart from the work packs, their price breakdown,
the tender drawings and installation details.

51 As regards the variation claims, Hoe affirmed that Chai Kow did indeed re-
assure the plaintiffs and other sub-contractors that they would be duly paid
for any variation and additional works. He said that revisions and changes to
the tender drawings by the main contractor or the defendants were regular
features and the plaintiffs were required to respond to the changes by
carrying out additional works and aborting work in train. In particular, he
made reference to a major variation work involving the installation of control
cables. He also confirmed that at management meetings No 25, 26 and 27 dated
20 June, 6 July and 18 July 2001, Chai Kow issued instructions to the sub-
contractors to submit their variation claims as soon as possible.

52 He next dealt with the issue concerning FIM. He said that FIM referred to
materials supplied by the main contractor for electrical works to be carried
out in the project.

53 He said that the management and control of the use of FIM were outside the
scope of the subcontract. Firstly, the use of FIM was determined by the
specifications provided to the plaintiffs in the site drawings and the
prevailing site conditions. Secondly, the plaintiffs had to fill up a draw-
down form stating the amount of material required and location of use.
Thirdly, the plaintiffs must notify the main contractors’ station engineer for
the requisition of any material. Once approved, the station engineer would
then forward the request to the main contractor who would decide whether the
request should be approved and the quantum of material to be released.

54 In the sub-contract, the plaintiffs were required to plan ahead and
requisition all the materials including the FIM which were necessary for the
due completion of the work. Upon receipt of the materials, the plaintiffs
would be responsible for the care and usage of the same. Thus, the sub-
contract provided that the plaintiffs would have to bear the cost of excessive
wastage on re-measurement of the completed installation.

55 He remarked that the quantities of FIM allocated to the main contract were
based on theoretical calculations at the pre-contractual stage which had
little correlation with the site conditions. Thus, some of the FIM allocated
to the main contract were unrealistic and inadequate for the reasonable
completion of the main contract. After work commenced on site, the defendants
highlighted this problem to the main contractor, who insisted that parties
continue with the FIM allocations and kept record of all material wastage.

56 He mentioned that the complete avoidance of material wastage was virtually
impossible as ancillary wastage inevitably would occur during usage and the
implementation of the original or additional and abortive works.

57 As far as he could recall, there was never any issue as to the plaintiffs’
wasting or excessively drawing FIM. He was also not aware of the plaintiffs’
obligation to pay for any wastage of materials used. Given the background, he
was of the view that the defendants’ claim on account of FIM was unreasonable
and not justified.

58 He mentioned that there were several causes of delay to the sub-contract
work but in his opinion they were not attributable to the plaintiffs. He added
that from the start, the progress of the sub-contract was hampered by the
repeated lack of installation data and materials from the main contractor, the
changes and revisions made by them as well as delays by other contractors with
whom the plaintiffs had to co-ordinate their work.

59 Referring to the defendants’ attempt to claim a substantial sum (initially
by way of a deduction of a sum of $37,895.52 in progress claim 16) on account
of the plaintiffs’ alleged failure to bring some switchboards into the station
and positioning within the switch rooms at the basement, he said that the
transportation of the switchboards was originally part of the scope of the
main as well as the sub-contract. However, since the transportation of the
switchboards required a mobile crane and a host of other ancillary services
and support, he discussed the problems involved with the contract manager of
the main contractor and the result was that the said scope of work was omitted
from the main contract with a price reduction of $18,000 per station. He
therefore expressed his surprise as to how the defendants came to claim a sum
of $37,895.52 from the plaintiffs, particularly in view of the fact that the
plaintiffs’ contract with the defendants was a lump sum contract, amounting
only to 55.75% of the sums to be paid to the defendants by the main
contractor.

60 As regards the defendants’ claim for the costs of providing a supervisor at
the Boon Keng station from October 2000 to April 2002, he said that he was
equally surprised by this claim because site supervision and co-ordination
came under the scope of the defendants’ responsibilities and for this purpose
the defendants had all along been providing their management staff, project
manager, site supervisors and engineers for the sub-contract work He then
underscored the aspect that TKS of the plaintiffs was engaged by the
defendants to perform the duties of the site supervisor and was paid $1,000
per month.

61 The next witness for the plaintiffs was Mr Roger Tan Kia Hock, a quantity
surveyor. He said that he had been engaged by the plaintiffs to assess their
claim in relation to variation works done by them, their loss and expenses
incurred as a result of the extension period from January 2002 to May 2002 as
well as to evaluate the defendants’ counterclaim. A summary of his views
appear from pages 24 to 31 of his report. At page 31 of his report, he said
that in his assessment the plaintiffs would be entitled to claim a total of
$851,336.51 for work done, variations and extension of time excluding Goods
and Services Tax to be levied on the said sum. The said sum also excluded the
plaintiffs’ two other invoices amounting to $4,530 and $14,790 for workers
supplied to the defendants for works carried out at the MRT tunnels through
verbal instructions. As regards the counterclaim of the defendants, his
evaluation (as set out at pages 28 to 30 of his report), was that the claims
put forth by the defendants were unclear, unsubstantiated and unsustainable.

**_Defendants’ evidence_**

62 The main witness for the defendants was their managing director Chai Kow.
His evidence can be summarised as follows.

63 The defendants were awarded the contract by AMEC on 4 August 2000 in
relation to the project under scrutiny Initially, the defendants engaged GYG
as their sub-contractors. The plaintiffs were the sub-contractors for GYG.
However, GYG withdrew from their engagement and consequently, the defendants
appointed the plaintiffs as their sub-contractors. The said sub-contract
between them was evidenced by the letter of award dated 13 October 2000.

64 At the outset itself, Chai Kow told TKS of the plaintiffs that the
defendants would only be prepared to award the sub-contract to the plaintiffs,
if the terms of the AMEC contract applied to the sub-contract. He made it
clear to TKS that the plaintiffs would be paid only when the defendants
received payment from AMEC. Chai Kow also at that stage pointed out to TKS
that according to the baseline program, the work was to commence from August
2000. He asked TKS whether the defendants would be able to complete the works
by December 2001, in line with the baseline program, should they be awarded
the sub-contract in October 2000. TKS assured him that they would as they were
already familiar with the works.

65 The plaintiffs were, however, not qualified to apply for work permits for
foreign workers. To assist the plaintiffs, the defendants agreed to apply for
the requisite work permits in consideration of the plaintiffs paying a sum of
$150.00 per month for each skilled worker, being the defendants’
administrative charges and foreign worker levy.

66 Sometime in December 2000, Chai Kow was concerned that their former project
manager, Hoe Huat Heng often went drinking with TKS and other sub-contractors.
In order to maintain orderly housekeeping, he informed the plaintiffs through
his contract manager, Ang Chin Hen, that in future all amendments to the
contract were subject to the approval of the defendants’ contract manager and
managing director. In the event, Hoe left the defendants’ employment in
unhappy circumstances.

67 Pursuant to the sub-contract, the defendants made an advance of 5% of the
contract sum upon the execution of the contract. Thereafter, the defendants
paid the plaintiffs the monthly valuations after certain deductions until
April 2001.

68 Sometime in April 2001, TKS told Chai Kow that the plaintiffs had serious
cash flow problems and would not be able to continue with the work unless the
defendants could make some advance payments to them. In order not to risk the
defendants’ performance bond being called up by AMEC, the defendants
reluctantly agreed to assist the plaintiffs by arranging some advance payments
on the understanding that these payments would be deducted or offset against
future payments due to the plaintiffs. However, what was supposed to be a one-
off advance payment soon became a regular feature. The plaintiffs were unable
to overcome their cash flow problems and the defendants had to accede to the
plaintiffs’ requests since the former did not wish to be penalised by AMEC.
All in, the defendants made 11 advance payments to the plaintiffs, amounting
to $379,375.68 over the period April 2001 to April 2002.

69 Chai Kow lamented that, unfortunately, the works were not carried out by
the defendants in accordance with the baseline program.

70 Dealing with the plaintiffs’ claims, Chai Kow commented as follows.

71 As regards the plaintiffs’ allegation that the defendants had wrongfully
reduced their monthly valuation from $689,483.54 in January 2002 to
$651,588.34 in February 2002, the reduction was justified by the plaintiffs’
omission to bring down the switchboards into the station and positioning them
within the rooms since that work was within the scope of the sub-contract.

72 In regard to the plaintiffs’ claims for variation and additional works, in
order to succeed in the said claims, the plaintiffs had to produce written
directions or instructions from AMEC, and in the absence of any such
directions or instructions, the plaintiffs’ claim could not be sustained. In
any event, the works referred to in the said claims were all within the
original scope of works.

73 Touching upon the plaintiffs’ original claim of $636,192.38 for extension
of time claims for the 5½ months after the original completion date of
December 2001, the said claim could not be sustained because (a) there was no
provision for such extension claims in the sub-contract; (b) the delay in the
completion of works was due to the plaintiffs’ poor planning and co-ordination
as well as insufficient manpower provided by them; (c) the plaintiffs were
fully aware that the baseline programme was subject to revision without any
price adjustment under the AMEC contract; and (d) in any case, the plaintiffs’
extension of time claim had been grossly inflated.

74 Chai Kow next dealt with the defendants’ counterclaim.

75 The defendants’ claim was for a sum of $458,999.35 in respect of the
overdrawn FIM. At the time the sub-contract was awarded, the plaintiffs had
agreed to the quantities of FIM specified in the AMEC Contract which were
required to complete the works. Under cl 15 of the sub-contract, the
plaintiffs undertook the responsibility to:

(a) diligently plan and order in advance the FIM necessary to complete the
works;

(b) take delivery of the FIM and be responsible for the same;

(c) bear the loss due to disruptions should they fail to plan for and order
the FIM in advance; and

(d) bear the cost of excessive wastage of FIM upon the re-measurement of the
works when the same is completed.

76 In breach of cl 15 of the said sub-contract, the plaintiffs had failed to
properly and diligently plan and order in advance the FIM which resulted in
the works being delayed. The plaintiffs were also wasteful in their handling
of the FIM and had overdrawn the same by excessive amounts. AMEC had informed
the defendants that the FIM had been overdrawn by the sum of $606,688.00. The
overdrawn FIM in this instance were FSC cables and conduits and accessories,
which were overdrawn by $422,725.67 and $36,273.68 respectively.

77 After stating that the plaintiffs would have to account to the defendants
for a host of items, Chai Kow averred that the defendants’ project account
showed that the defendants had in fact over-paid the plaintiffs a sum of
$802,474.42 (sic) (para 30 of his AEIC). The items listed by him under said
para 30, however, showed a total of $804,796.08 and it reads as follows:

30\. Based on the above, the Defendant’s Project Account shows that the
Defendants have actually overpaid the Plaintiffs by a sum of $802,474.42:-

i. Advances made by the Defendants $371,155.02

ii. Contra charges for materials, equipment,

levy charges paid by the Defendants on

behalf of Plaintiffs $ 26,132.32

iii. Costs of supervisors provided to Plaintiffs

by Defendants $ 48,024.00

iv. Overdrawn Free Issue Materials $458,999.35

v. Amount paid to Plaintiffs under deposit

and progress claims, but excluding

advance payments $285,826.97

vi. Labour and supervisor provided by

Defendants to Plaintiffs to make up for

shortfall for December 2001; May 2002

to August 2002 $201,087.93

\------------------

$1,391,225.59

_Less_ :-

i. Amount certified due to Plaintiffs to-date as

at 4/2/2002 under Certificate No 16 (less

10% retention sum) $586,429.51

\---------------

Excess $804,796.08

=========

78 In conclusion, he claimed that the plaintiffs’ claim against the defendants
was entirely devoid of merit and that the defendants’ counterclaim was genuine
and should be allowed.

79 The defendants’ next witness was their project engineer, Mr Khairilamri bin
Atan (‘Khairil’). His evidence was to the following effect.

80 He was the defendants’ project engineer in respect of the contract under
scrutiny. His duties, according to him, included assisting the plaintiffs if
they encountered any difficulties in co-ordinating the works with the other
sub-contractors working on site at the material time. He had to also ensure
that the works were progressing according to the baseline program. He was the
person who conveyed AMEC’s instructions to the plaintiffs and arranged for
delivery of materials supplied by the defendants to the plaintiffs.

81 He said that in the beginning when the plaintiffs took over the contract
from GYG, their performance was satisfactory. At that time, TKS, the
plaintiffs’ supervisor was always present on site to plan, co-ordinate and
supervise the plaintiffs’ activities. However, around April 2001, he stopped
coming to the site and thereafter the defendants’ performance deteriorated.

82 The defendants also failed to properly plan and co-ordinate their
activities with the other sub-contractors on site at that time. They were
supposed to check the co-ordination drawings on site and liaise with AMEC
before they began any new installation which they failed to do. As a result,
much of their work had to be removed and re-installed or adjusted. All the
abortive works arose from such poor co-ordination or failure to follow
specifications.

83 The defendants also failed to fulfil their obligations in relation to FIM.
The quantities of FIM required to complete the works were all agreed on
beforehand in the AMEC contract, and issued free of charge. The plaintiffs
were responsible for planning and ordering in advance such FIM and ensuring
that the drawing of FIM would not disrupt the works.

84 Around November, 2000, the plaintiffs reported that the progress of the
works had been impeded because AMEC were slow in providing them with FIM. Upon
enquiry, the defendants were informed by AMEC that the delay was due to re-
stocking resulting from excessive overdrawing of FIM by the plaintiffs.
Khairil also complained that materials on site such as switch socket outlets
and switches were found to be missing after they had been installed by the
plaintiffs. Due to mismanagement by the plaintiffs, lack of control over
materials and the resultant loss of such materials, there were delays and the
works were constantly behind schedule. From April 2001, the number of men
supplied by the plaintiffs was also reduced drastically. The defendants
repeatedly requested the plaintiffs to increase the manpower but the
plaintiffs failed to do so. Left with little choice, the defendants had to
deploy their personnel on site to make up for the insufficient manpower.

85 Finally, in June 2002, the plaintiffs stopped supplying any personnel. As a
result, the defendants had to take over the outstanding jobs. After the
defendants took over the works, they discovered that many items were sub-
standard and had to be rectified. Khairil, like Chai Kow, asserted that the
plaintiffs’ claim in this suit had no merit and that the defendants should be
allowed their counterclaim.

86 The last witness for the defendants was Mr Ng Boon Cheng (‘Ng’), a quantity
surveyor. His evidence, insofar as is material, can be summed up as follows.

87 Dealing with the plaintiffs’ claim of $155,235.47, as being the alleged
wrongful reduction in the monthly valuation in February 2001, Ng said that the
said claim was untenable. Touching upon the issue relating to the delivery of
the switch gear, he said that it was part of the main contract and since this
item had been omitted subsequently with a consequent reduction in the main
contract price, the deduction of $37,875.20 was justified.

88 As regards the plaintiffs’ variation claims (which was $354,928.87 at one
stage), Ng opined that in the absence of any written direction or instruction
from AMEC (there was none in this case), the said claims were equally
unsustainable. In any case, according to Ng the variation claims submitted by
the plaintiffs were all within the scope of the works to be carried out by
them.

89 Commenting on the plaintiffs’ extension of time claim (which was initially
for a sum of $636,192.38), Ng said that the contract between the parties did
not provide for such claims. Ng’s conclusion was that in his professional
opinion the plaintiffs’ entire claim was without any merit. Ng’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, however, was strangely silent as to the defendants’
counterclaim.

**_Issues and conclusion_**

90 The issues raised by counsel in relation to the dispute before the court,
in the main, seemed to revolve around the following questions:

(a) Is the sub-contract entered into between the parties ‘back-to-back’ with
the defendants’ contract with AMEC, as being claimed by the defendants?

(b) Are the defendants liable to the plaintiffs for the retention sum,
outstanding progress claims and the alleged wrongful deductions?

(c) Are the plaintiffs entitled to the sum claimed in respect of the alleged
variation and additional works?

(d) Are the plaintiffs entitled to the sum claimed for the alleged extension
of time?

(e) Are the defendants entitled to claim from the plaintiffs for the alleged
over-payments and/or advance payments?

(f) Are the defendants entitled to claim from the plaintiffs for the alleged
losses in respect of the FIM?

(g) Finally, what would be the reasonable sum to be awarded, in the event the
court were to find that the sum claimed by either party has not been
satisfactorily proven?

91 In relation to issue (a) concerning the construction of the agreement
entered into between the parties, the contention by defendants’ counsel was
that the Hi-Amp contract was back-to-back with the AMEC contract. The
defendants in this regard relied on cl 4 of the letter of award (which reads:
“[other] than the variation in MAIN CONTRACT sum and BQ pricing, all terms and
conditions of the MAIN CONTRACT shall apply _mutatis mutandis_ to the
SUBCONTRACT”) expressly provides that except in relation to the contract sum
and bill of quantity pricing, all the provisions of the AMEC contract shall
apply to the parties, with the necessary changes.

92 In this regard, defendants’ counsel invited my attention to the case of
**_Jurong Engineering Ltd v Paccan Building Technology Pte Ltd_** [1999] 3 SLR
667 (CA). In that case, the court of appeal was concerned with a somewhat
similar problem. The issue in that case was whether the General Conditions of
the Main Contract (‘Gencon’) were incorporated as part of the sub-contract.
Insofar as is relevant to the issue at hand, the background facts of the
**_Jurong Engineering_** case were as follows.

93 In September 1993, while preparing their tender to be submitted to the
Public Utilities Board (‘Board’), the appellants (main contractors) invited
the respondents (sub-contractors) to submit their quotation for the building
works. After some negotiation, it was finally agreed on 25 November 1993 that
the respondents would carry out the building works for $8,510,000 if the
appellants’ tender was accepted by the Board. The building works comprised a
main office, a substation and a guard house.

94 Factoring in the respondents’ quotation, their profit and their own costs
for carrying out the M&E works, the appellants submitted their tender to the
Board. In the event, they were successful and were awarded the main contract
for the contract sum of $13,899,000 sometime in or about early February 1994.

95 On being awarded the main contract, the appellants pursuant to their
earlier agreement with the respondents awarded the sub-contract to the
respondents on 15 February 1994. So far as relevant, the letter of award
stated:

1 We are pleased to inform you that JEL has accepted your offer for the
construction and completion of the Main Office Building and Ancillary Works of
the Senoko Gasworks Development submitted on 25 November 1993 subject to the
Conditions of Tendering, General Conditions and Special Conditions of
Contract, the Specifications, Schedules, Form of Tender, Form of Contract
Agreement and this letter as clarified and modified in your subsequent series
of correspondence at an estimated sum of S$8,510.000 (Singapore Dollars Eight
Million Five Hundred and Ten Thousand Only) as per Appendix 1.

…

4 The dates of commencement/completion of work shall be in accordance with the
Schedules of Timings as shown in the Tender Document.

…

96 The form of contract agreement consisted of three pages. Clause 4 read:

It is hereby agreed and understood that except as expressly varied herein the
provisions of the main contract shall apply in full force and effect in every
way as if the same are set out in this agreement and agreed to and confirmed
by both parties.

97 Given the express phraseology of cl 4 of the letter of award in the
**_Jurong Engineering_** case, there apparently being no dispute as to whether
the main contract and its terms were provided to the respondents/sub-
contractors, the Court of Appeal had little difficulty in concluding that the
General Conditions (‘Gencon’) of the main contract were incorporated as part
of the sub-contract.

98 In the case before me, leaving aside the ambiguous and not so precise
phraseology of cl 4 of the letter of award from the defendants, there is a
raging dispute as to whether the plaintiffs had sight of the main contract at
all until 6 February 2002. If what the plaintiffs contended were true, then it
would be unreasonable to conclude that the conditions of the main contract
were incorporated as part of the Hi-Amp contract. In this connection, the
evidence of TKS and Hoe appeared to me to be more cogent than that of what was
painted by the defendants. In relation to this particular issue, I am inclined
to accept their evidence that the defendants, for reasons known to them, did
not furnish the plaintiffs with the AMEC contract documents except for some in
dribs and drabs. Inasmuch as the defendants chose not to provide the AMEC
contract to the plaintiffs, I am of the view that the defendants’ present
contention that the Hi-Amp contract was to be qualified by the terms of the
AMEC contract, was without merit.

99 Moving on to issue (b) concerning the retention sum and outstanding
progress claims by the plaintiffs, this was the only claim in which the
plaintiffs’ original figure remained unchanged: a constant $155,235.47. I must
add here that although plaintiffs’ counsel at one stage revised the above
figure to 150,714.05, the original figure was subsequently restored.

100 The defendants’ arguments as to why the above claim should not be allowed,
appeared to be grounded on poor reasoning. Defendants’ counsel argued (paras
82 to 85 of their revised submissions) that no payment could be made to the
plaintiffs until receipt of payments by the defendants from AMEC. In this
regard, they seemed to rely on cl 7 of the Hi-Amp contract which reads:
“PERIOD OF INTERIM PAYMENT: 14 days after receiving payment from MAIN
CONTRACTOR”. However, the defendants had not provided to the court any
satisfactory evidence that payments had indeed been withheld by the main
contractor on works completed thus far. Furthermore, apart from some equivocal
utterances, there was also no satisfactory evidence from the defendants to
evince to the court that they had not been fully paid up by AMEC to-date. In
any case, progress payment certificate No 17 (the last certificate issued by
the defendants) dated 6 March 2002 clearly states that the value of work done
by the plaintiffs as of that date was already $686,685.60 out of the total of
$762,984.00. Additionally, the plaintiffs’ progress claim No 20A for the month
of May 2002 as contained in their letter dated 15 August 2002 for $155,235.47
(reportedly for 98.75% of work carried out in Boon Keng station and 99.61% for
Potong Pasir station) did not seem to have been adequately addressed by any
credible response or explanation by the defendants, save for the present ‘will
pay when paid’ response.

101 It was mentioned during the trial the plaintiffs left the project sometime
at the end of April 2002 and the plaintiffs took over the project effective
May 2002. Be that as it may, the documents (AB-2065 to 2068) produced by the
parties, in relation to inspections conducted by the Building Control Unit on
26 and 29 April 2002 respectively for the Boon Keng and Potong Pasir stations,
seemed to confirm that save for some minor details, the rest of the works
appeared in order.

102 Having regard to all the evidence and the arguments presented before me, I
am of the view that the plaintiffs have satisfactorily established their claim
for the sum of $155,235.47. The defendants’ evidence, on the other hand, was
found by me to lack the requisite cogency.

103 Dealing now with issue (c) concerning variation and additional works, the
evidence and the figures submitted by the parties on this were less than
satisfactory. The primary argument by the defendants in connection with this
issue was that the claim was not payable because the Hi-Amp contract was to be
read back-to-back with the AMEC contract and that any variation claim must
have written instructions or directions from AMEC. I have already dealt with
issue (a) and concluded that the defendants’ said argument lacked cogency and
reason. The facts presented showed that almost all the variations had been
underpinned by some form of written instructions or directions from the
defendants to the plaintiffs. In cases where there were no written
instructions from the defendants, the plaintiffs seemed to have filled the gap
by their contemporaneous written confirmation addressed to the defendants. In
my determination, the defendants, having issued numerous instructions and
having themselves submitted the variation claims to AMEC, could not now run
away from their liability and seek shelter from the argument that AMEC’s
written instructions were a pre-requisite to payment, considering the fact
that Hi-Amp’s contract was only about 55% of the sums to be received by the
defendants from AMEC for the two stations.

104 The only issue, however, was in relation to quantum. In this, the
plaintiffs’ claim figures appeared to me to be somewhat bloated. The claim
figure changed three times in the course of these proceedings, from
$540,077.09 to $420,005.27 and subsequently to the present $438,302.07. Why
the claim had drifted down to $438,302.07 from $540,077.09 had not been
satisfactorily addressed by the plaintiffs’ expert. In my opinion, the claim
under this head for $438,302.07 had not been satisfactorily made out. However,
there was one document, a letter dated 3 April 2002 from the defendants to
AMEC, that seemed to assist the plaintiffs’ claim in part. The said letter
forwarded by the defendants to AMEC contained the defendants’ claim for claim
for $539,673.65 for variation works carried out on all four stations,
including Boon Keng and Potong Pasir. The claim submitted for Potong Pasir was
for $104,938.65 and for Boon Keng $101,734.00. The total for the two stations
was $206,672.65. Having themselves made a claim for variation works, the
defendants could not possibly now contend that there could not be any
variation claims without the written instructions of AMEC. Considering the
fact that one of the plaintiffs’ prayers for relief was based on quantum
meruit or for a reasonable sum, taking the defendants’ own figures as of April
2002, an award of $206,672.65 for the variation claims appears fair and
reasonable.

105 As regards issue (d) concerning extension of time claim by the plaintiffs,
it must also be mentioned presently that the claim by the plaintiffs underwent
several metamorphoses, from $636,192.38 to $420,005.27 and then to
$281,640.39. In my evaluation, the basis of this claim was not satisfactorily
established by the defendants. Having argued that the contract entered into
was for a fixed lump sum contract, the plaintiffs could not now be heard to
say that they were entitled to charge for extension of time without any
written confirmation from the defendants. In any event, and there was none in
this case. Bearing in mind the 17-month baseline program applicable to the
project and having regard to the fact the plaintiffs appeared to have been
engaged in this project from late October 2000 till April 2002 (about 18
months all in), I found their original claim for a staggering sum of
$636,192.38 to be redolent of greed. At any rate, the manner in which the
plaintiffs had been slicing up their claim figures did not speak well for
them. In my determination, the claim for extension of time ought to fail.

106 Next comes the defendants’ counterclaim. Here again, it should be remarked
that the defendants’ counterclaim underwent substantial changes not only in
respect of claim figures but also the tenor and substance of the pleadings.
The claim was once for a total of $603,329.42. After three changes, they
arrived at the present claim for $314,484.03. Their claim is substantially for
an alleged overpayment to the plaintiffs and for damages. The details of the
defendants’ claim could be found at para 106 of their closing submission which
reads as follows:

The defendants (TDE) that on the totality of the evidence, and on the basis of
the above submissions, Hi Amp is not entitled to payment for their claims
herein, and in fact owes TDE the sum of $314,484.03, derived as follows:

i Advances made by TDE (see Annex

A of Re-re-amended Defence &

Counterclaim) $379,375.68 PB,p111, para 9B(i)

ii Contra charges for materials,

equipment, levy charges paid

by TDE on behalf of Hi Amp

(see Annex B of Re-re-amended

Defence & Counterclaim) $ 26,132.32 PB,p111,para 9B(ii)

iii Costs of supervisors provided

to Hi Amp by TDE (see Annex C of

Re-re-amended Defence &

Counterclaim) $ 48,024.00 PB,p111,para 9B(iii)

iv Overdrawn Free Issue

Materials (see Annex D of

Re-re-amended Defence &

Counterclaim) $106,835.52 PB,p111,para 9B(iv)

v. Amount paid to Hi Amp under

progress claims (see Annex

E of Re-re-amended Defence

& Counterclaim) $285,826.97 PB, p111,para 9B(v)

vi Labour & supervisor provided by

TDE to Hi Amp to make up for

Shortfall for December 2001; May

2002 to August 2002 $201,087.93 PB,p111,para 9B(vi)

Sub-total $1,047,282.42

_Less:-_

i Amount certified due to Hi Amp

as at 27/2/02 under Certificate No.

17 (less 10% retention sum) [File

7, p228] ($618,017.04) PB, p111,para 9(B)(i)

ii Balance of unpaid Contract

Sum ($97,781.35) PB,p111,para 9(B)(ii)

iii Agreed supervisor fees as

incentive to Hi Amp ($17,000.00) PB,p111,para 9(B)(iii)

Sub-total ($732,798.39)

Excess $314,484.03

107 Reviewing the evidence, it was strange that the defendants’ expert, Ng did
not make bold to venture any opinion on the defendants’ counterclaim, save for
the defendants’ alleged entitlement to a sum of $7,068.62 and $11,385.16.
Other evidence offered by the defendants through Chai Kow and Khairil was also
in my view inadequate to make a finding in favour on any part of the
defendants’ counterclaim. Dealing specifically with the FIM, the defendants’
evidence was nothing more than a jumble of allegations and hearsay. They did
not call any one from AMEC to substantiate the wastage of FIM; nor had they
placed before the court any credible evidence pointing to any monetary claim
from AMEC against the defendants for any loss. In my view, the defendants had
not, on balance established any part of their counterclaim. As for the
switchgear aspect, here again I must observe that in view of the lump sum
nature of the Hi-Amp contract, any adjustment in contract price could not be
done unilaterally. The defendants’ claim for a sum of $37,895.52 is, in my
determination, unsustainable. Overall, the defendants’ counterclaim from the
high of $802,474.42 to the low of $314,484.03 appeared to me to be more of a
guessing game than based on any proper evaluation. Little wonder that the
defendants’ own expert Cheng did not see fit to add anything useful on it in
his report.

108 In the premises, for the reasons I have given, there shall be judgment in
favour of the plaintiffs in the sum of $155,235.47 under para 12 (a) and a sum
of $206,672.65 under para 12 (c) of the re-re-amended of the statement of
claim, with interest at the rate of 6% per annum from the date of writ ie, 20
August 2002 until date of this judgment and statutory interest thereafter.

109 The defendants’ counterclaim is dismissed. In view of the manner in which
the claim was presented and prosecuted, I award the plaintiffs only 50% of the
costs.

_Order accordingly_

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Dec 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

