Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ng Huat Engineering Pte Ltd v Jurong Town Corp  
[2003] SGHC 12

Case Number | : | OS 1416/2002; OM 23/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 January 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S Thulasidas (Ling Das & Partners) for the Plaintiffs/Applicants; Andre Maniam and Christopher Chong (Wong Partnership) for the Defendants/Respondents   
Parties | : |  Ng Huat Engineering Pte Ltd — Jurong Town Corp   
  
Arbitration – Application for extension of time to apply for leave to appeal –
Test for granting for extension of time – Whether applicants' appeal had
prospects of success  
  

1\. The plaintiffs, a company under judicial management, were the main
contractors to the defendants in a pipes and manholes installation project in
Pulau Sakra. Dispute arose between them and the parties went to arbitration.
The arbitrator was asked to decide on two preliminary claims by the
plaintiffs. These were, first, a claim for "prolongation costs", that is,
costs for delays caused by the defendants that resulted in additional costs
and expenses incurred by the plaintiffs. Secondly, the plaintiffs claimed the
costs of variations to the contract. These variations concerned the changing
of reinforced concrete pipes (RC pipes) originally provided, to H-class or
vitrified pipes (VC pipes). The arbitrator made his award ("the interim
award") on these two issues and the plaintiffs, being dissatisfied, applied
for leave to appeal to the High Court.

2\. The plaintiffs, being out of time, had to apply by Originating Summons
1416 of 2002 for an extension of time to apply for leave. The interim award
was made on 5 September 2002. The intended appellant had 21 days from the date
of the award to apply for leave to appeal. That would have, in this case,
expired on 27 September 2002. However, the plaintiffs’ solicitors mistook the
time limit to be 28 days as provided under the Arbitration Act 2001. If that
had been the time limit, the last day for applying for leave would have been 5
October 2002. The plaintiffs thus applied for leave on 2 October 2002 but on 3
October 2002, their attention was drawn to the provision that the Act only
applies to arbitration proceedings that commenced on or after 1 March 2002.
The arbitration proceedings in this case commenced on 14 March 2000.

3\. On 23 October 2002 I granted the extension of time prayed for. Mr Maniam,
counsel for the defendants wrote and asked for further arguments on the ground
that by virtue of the Court of Appeal decision in _Hong Huat Development (Pte)
Ltd v Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 609, a part of the test for
granting an extension of time is the same as that in an application for leave
to appeal, namely, that the applicant must convince the court that there is a
prospect of success. I shall elaborate on this aspect of the test shortly.

4\. Relying on the _Hong Huat_ case, Mr Maniam then asked for the further
arguments in respect of the application for extension of time to be heard
together with the application for leave. He pointed out that that was what the
Court of Appeal did in the _Hong Huat_ case.

5\. The appellant in _Hong Huat_ were out of time and their application for an
extension of time to file their application for leave to appeal was dismissed.
They appealed to the Court of Appeal who allowed their appeal for an extension
of time and also granted leave to appeal.

6\. The principles set out in _Chen Chien Wen Edwin v Pearson_ [1991] SLR 212
in respect of an application for extension of time were accepted and applied
by the judge at first instance as well as the Court of Appeal in _Hong Huat_
’s case. In short, the court is bound to consider the length of delay, the
reasons for the delay, and also the question of prejudice to the respondents.
I shall refer to these as the stage one considerations. Following _Hong Huat_
, the court must also consider the prospects of the appellants’ case on the
appeal – and not merely the prospects of succeeding in getting an extension of
time to apply for leave to appeal. I shall refer to this as the stage two
consideration.

7\. Thus, in an application for an extension of time for leave to appeal, the
application will be dismissed if the applicant fails to satisfy the stage one
considerations. In other words, if the court is of the view that the
application was made after an inordinate delay, or that the reason for the
delay was unjustifiable or without any merit, or that an extension of time
would prejudice the respondents then an extension of time shall not be
granted. None of these factors operated sufficiently in the present case
against the plaintiffs.

8\. If an applicant satisfies the court in respect of the stage one
consideration then he may still be refused an extension of time if he fails to
satisfy the court on the stage two considerations. When stage two is reached,
it means that should the court be of the view that there are merits in the
applicants’ substantive appeal, then not only will an extension of time be
granted but leave to appeal shall also be granted at the same time because the
test is essentially the same. It means, therefore, that an application for an
extension of time should be heard together with the application for leave to
appeal.

9\. In the present case, I am of the view that the appellants had satisfied
the stage one considerations. I will only point out that a solicitor’s mistake
in itself is not an excuse, but the error must be considered in the context of
the case and the circumstances in which the error arose. At the hearing of
further arguments, Mr Maniam concentrated only on the second stage
considerations.

10\. In this regard, the basic question concerned the test that the court
ought to apply in determining the prospects of success of the appeal. Counsel
drew my attention to _American Home Assurance Co v Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd_
[1999] 3 SLR 682. In that case, the Court of Appeal accepted the approach
taken in two English cases, namely _The Nema_ [1982] AC 724 and _The Antaios_
[1985] AC 191. The Court of Appeal observed that the trend was towards
restricting the possibility of appeals from arbitration awards especially when
the dispute concerned the interpretation of words inserted into a commercial
contract in order to ascertain the meaning intended by the parties. In such
cases, the speed and finality of an arbitral decision ought not generally to
be disturbed.

11\. The Court of Appeal recognised the discretion to grant leave to appeal
may be exercised differently, depending on "whether the question of
construction arises in the context of a ‘one-off’ contract or clause, or that
of a standard form contract or clause". The authorities that I mentioned above
drew a distinction between cases involving a "one-off" contract and those
involving a standard form contract. They applied a stricter test in the former
case. The rationale is that in a "one-off" construction, no one else would
benefit from the decision other than the successful party in that appeal.
There are other factors that support this approach. Parties to an arbitration
are at liberty to select an arbitrator by mutual consent; whereas parties in a
court action have no right to choose their judge. In this small way, it is not
unreasonable to expect the parties to adhere to the decisions of their
arbitrator especially in matters of construction unless that decision was, in
the words of Lord Diplock in the _Antaios_ , "in the judge’s view so obviously
wrong as to preclude the possibility that he might be right" [1985] AC 191,
206. In the cases in which standard form contracts are in question, the courts
would grant leave to appeal if, again in Lord Diplock’s words, "a strong
_prima facie_ case" has been made out that the arbitrator was wrong. To that
it has been added that the court must first be satisfied that "the resolution
of the question of construction would add significantly to the clarity,
certainty and comprehensiveness of the law" per Yong CJ in _American Home
Assurance Co v Hong Lam Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR 682, 695. In other words,
the appeal must be able to benefit parties in future cases. These two parts
are intended to be applied cumulatively so that even if the appeal would add
to the clarity of the law, the intended appellant must persuade the court that
a "strong _prima facie_ case that the arbitrator was wrong has been made out".

12\. Before I move on to consider whether the present application before me
concerned a "one-off" contract or a standard form contract, I would note that
the use of the phrases "obviously wrong" and "strong _prima facie_ case"
invites comment. In the case of "one-off" contracts, the effect of refusing
leave to appeal on the basis that the arbitrator was not "obviously wrong"
implies that when leave is granted, the appeal itself is as good as having
been heard. I say "as good as" because allowance must be given to the fact
that the judge hearing the appeal (whether the same judge who granted leave or
some other judge) is entitled to differ. But the use of the adjective
"obviously" appears to be a deliberate one. In accepting the formulation, as I
do, it appears that the test, in so far as "one-off" contracts are concerned,
implies that the applicant may have to prove his entire case even at this
leave to appeal stage; especially if he would otherwise be unable to show why
the arbitrator was so "obviously wrong as to preclude the possibility that he
might be right". In showing why the arbitrator was or was not ‘obviously
wrong’ the parties ought to put their best case forward if they are to
persuade the court one way or the other. ‘Obviously wrong’ does not mean ‘
_prima facie_ wrong’ or ‘wrong unless proven otherwise at the hearing of the
appeal’.

13\. I now revert to the facts at hand. Mr Thulasidas, for the plaintiffs,
submitted that the lower ("strong _prima facie_ case’) test is applicable in
the present case because the contract was signed on the defendants’ standard
form contract. Mr Maniam disagreed and submitted that although the standard
form was used as the base document, it was an old form that is no longer in
use and would therefore not be of interest to anyone in future. Secondly, he
submitted that the terms were negotiated terms and the standard terms had thus
been specifically altered. In the circumstances, he submitted that the
contract must be regarded as a "one-off" and following that, leave to appeal
should only be granted if the arbitrator was shown to be so "obviously wrong
as to preclude the possibility that he might be right".

14\. There are two aspects in which the plaintiffs say the arbitrator erred.
The first concerned the construction of cl 32(b) of the Conditions of
Contract. For convenience, that clause is set out as follows:

"(b) If the [plaintiffs] shall be prevented from or be materially impeded or
delayed in the execution or completion of the Works by reason or in
consequence of any acts or omissions of the [defendants] contrary to the true
intent and meaning of these presents such prevention, impediment or delay
shall not vitiate the Contract or affect the same except that in such cases
the question whether any or what compensation or allowance ought to be paid or
made to the [plaintiffs] in respect of such prevention, impediment or delays
and in what manner such compensation or allowance ought to be paid or made
shall be determined and settled by the [defendants] whose decision shall be
final."

I shall refer to this as the first question.

15\. The first question, broken down to its essence, is whether the arbitrator
correctly construed the clause to mean that compensation for delays shall be
determined by the defendants even though arbitration proceedings had already
commenced. The arbitrator answered this question in the affirmative. Mr
Thulasidas argued forcefully before me that the issue of compensation must be
reserved to the arbitrator once the arbitration proceedings have commenced.
Counsel relied on the authority of _Milestone v Yates_ [1938] 2 All ER 439 in
support. That case, as well as the local case of _Loke Hong Kee v United
Overseas Land_ [1978-79] SLR 391, in turn, relied on _Lloyd v Milward_ [1985]
Hudson BC (4th ed.) Vol. 2 page 262. These cases lay down the principle that
where a contract provides that the architect’s certificate shall be final and
conclusive, it shall be so except that the architect shall not issue his
certificate after arbitration proceedings have commenced between the employer
and the contractor.

16\. In substance a comparison of those clauses and the present cl 32(b) will
show that they are different. In those cases cited, the architect was a third
party who ought rightly to step aside and, unless specifically allowed under
the contract, decline to act in a way which may have an impact on the outcome
of the arbitration between the principal parties. In the present case, cl
32(b) reserved a right to the defendants as a principal party, and there being
no express limitation as to the exercise of that right, the arbitrator was not
wrong to hold that the defendants were entitled to exercise it even though
arbitration had began. Whether the difference is significant or not is a
matter within the purview of the arbitrator. The question I need to ask is
whether the Diplock test has been met. So far as this first question is
concerned, I am inclined to the view that it was a standard form clause and,
in holding that leave to appeal against this question should not be granted, I
applied the test that the plaintiffs had not made out a strong _prima facie_
case that the arbitrator was wrong. Under the contract, the decision of the
defendant would be final. It was not argued before me whether such a term
occludes a challenge on the ground of _mala fides_ since no determination was
in fact made, and I shall express no opinion on it save to say that in my
view, cl 33(b) seems clear and unambiguous and if there is any room whatsoever
for challenge it would have to be based on the argument of _mala fides_.
Hence, on the facts the arbitrator’s decision cannot be faulted.

17\. I come now to the second question. The dispute in this regard concerned
the question of what formula was to be adopted when the contract was varied so
that RC or ‘M’ type pipes were changed to VC or ‘H’ type pipes. The essence of
the opposing formulae was that the defendants’ version resulted in a pipe-for-
pipe exchange but the plaintiffs claimed that this formula was inadequate
because it did not take into account the costs of excavating and laying the
new pipes. I need not expand on the details as much of it can be found in the
arbitrator’s interim award.

18\. The difficulty in calculating the rates for the variations stems from the
fact that the rates stipulated in the standard schedule to the contract were
different from those found in the supplementary schedule. The plaintiffs
contended that the rates in the standard schedule applied by virtue of cl 8 of
the supplementary schedule in order to supply the omission of rates for the
specified ‘H’ type and VC type pipes:

"This Supplementary Schedule of Rates, which shall be completed by the
Tenderer is to form part of the Contract Documents and shall supersede similar
items in the Standard Schedule of Rates. This Schedule of Rates will be used
for assessing the value of variations for the specified items of works stated
herein. The rates inserted by the Contractor herein shall be those rates used
by him in the pricing of his Tender. The Superintending Officer reserves the
right not to use any rate entered herein that he considers unrealistic.
Tenderers shall note that a completed schedule with realistic rates will
enable the evaluation of variations for items of works stated herein to be
settled amicably"

19\. The defendants disputed the plaintiff’s construction and they contended
that the variation rates must be taken from both the standard as well as the
supplementary schedules. There was no clear and definitive rates from which a
calculation for the variations can be costed. Accordingly, after considering
the rival contentions of the parties, the arbitrator produced a formula based
on the evidence as he was able to gather from the parties, and used the rates
in the supplementary schedule as a base. The details he arrived at that
formulation are set out essentially in [3.3.9] to [3.3.20] of the Interim
Award.

20\. In these circumstances, I am unable to fault the arbitrator in any way.
Although this particular question is, in my view, a "one-off" issue and
therefore the "obviously wrong" test ought to apply, I do not think that it
passed even the lower test, that is to say, that there is a strong _prima
facie_ case that the arbitrator was wrong. I think that the most that can be
said in the plaintiffs’ favour is that another arbitrator might have used a
different formula, but, given the vagueness of the contract on this point, it
can be expected that different arbitrators may come to different conclusions
as to what the correct formula should be. The arbitrator in this case had
balanced the competing contentions, sought additional evidence and facts, and
arrived at a reasoned decision that had no indication of being _prima facie_
wrong.

21\. Furthermore, in the interests of speed and finality, I am of the view
that leave to appeal should not be allowed and I therefore dismissed the
plaintiffs’ application. The application for an extension of time to apply for
leave was consequently also dismissed. I should add generally, that in respect
of the way the arbitrator came to his decision on the two disputed points, I
am of the view that had the arbitrator decided in the way the plaintiffs say
he should and the defendants were to ask for leave to appeal, their
application would similarly have been dismissed

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Jan 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

