Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Trek Technology (Singapore) Pte Ltd v FE Global Electronics Pte Ltd and
Others and Another Suit  
[2003] SGHC 185

Case Number | : | Suit 609/2002, 604/2002, RA 281/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 August 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ponnampalam Sivakumar (Ella Cheong and G Mirandah) for third defendants; Tony Yeo and Joanna Koh (Drew and Napier LLC) for plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  Trek Technology (Singapore) Pte Ltd — FE Global Electronics Pte Ltd; Electec Pte Ltd; M-Systems Flash Disk Pioneers Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Discovery of documents – Specific discovery – Interest in
fair disposal of matter – Whether reciprocal order for discovery of internal
e-mail should be made  
  
Civil Procedure – Discovery of documents – Whether discovery of class of
documents should be allowed – Whether documents relevant to proceedings –
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) O 24 r 5  
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Amendment – Whether court should consider
matters deleted by amendment  
  

1 This was an appeal by the third defendant in Suit No 609 of 2002 against an
order for discovery. The third defendant and the plaintiff are involved in a
dispute over the patent rights of a product popularly known as the ‘thumb
drive’. A single thumb drive, as counsel for the plaintiff Mr Yeo tells me, is
capable of holding as much data as a hundred ‘floppy disks’.

2 In their re-amended defence and counterclaim the third defendant averred
that they had met the plaintiffs several times (before the action commenced)
to discuss plans for collaboration. They further averred that ‘correspondence
were exchanged primarily by email’. This re-amended statement of claim was
amended pursuant to an order of court dated 14 October 2002.

3 The plaintiffs then applied for specific discovery of all internal email
within the third defendant’s organisation. Mr Yeo argued that it has occurred
to the plaintiffs that email was the main mode of communication among the top
executive officers of the third defendants. He surmised that if those officers
had sent correspondence by email to the plaintiffs they would undoubtedly have
done so amongst themselves. He further submitted that in May 2001, the
plaintiffs’ patent agent from the United States of America had visited the
third defendants and told them in great detail why the plaintiffs’ patent does
not infringe the third defendants’ patent. Counsel submitted that the
plaintiffs thus concluded that this visit must have engendered much internal
discussions and they were not likely to have been conducted through email.

4 These arguments persuaded the assistant registrar who granted the order for
discovery of documents between July 2000 and May 2002. The third defendant
appealed against this order. The arguments before me were largely the same as
that made below. Mr Sivakumar, counsel for the third defendant argued that the
request for specific discovery arose in respect of matters pleaded in the
defence and counterclaim. He submitted that the plaintiffs had taken the
position that all those matters were irrelevant. Consequently, the third
defendant had amended and deleted those references. I agree with Mr Yeo, only
insofar as the fact that once matters have been raised the court may take
cognisance of them even though they were subsequently deleted by amendment.
But, the point is, ought an order for discovery be made for a specific class
of documents arising from those matters pleaded? That depends on the
circumstances of each case.

5 In the present case, the plaintiffs say that the reference to correspondence
by email between the third defendant and the plaintiffs made the plaintiffs
realise that the senior officers of the third defendant communicate mainly be
email. Thus, there must be some internal email on record. If that was the
basis, the argument applies both ways. Mr Yeo conceded that it might but
argued that the third defendant must make the application and he would then
take instructions as to whether his clients had similar internal documents. In
my view, the central issues in this action concern the validity of the patents
of the parties competing products. The battle will involve highly technical
details of technology and also of law. Given the circumstances, I would like
to see such a fight be conducted evenly and openly such that if a class of
documents are to be disclosed, the reciprocal order should be made in respect
of the other party. Since I am not convinced that there are any relevance in
the internal email at this point, although the trial judge may, with more
information think otherwise, the appropriate order should be to reserve the
right to make the said discovery application before the trial judge. In order
that there is no delay in producing the documents when the time comes, I also
ordered parties to have such documents, if any, ready for disclosure when and
if so ordered by the trial judge.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Aug 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

