Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Swiss Singapore Overseas Enterprises Pte Ltd v Navalmar U.K. Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 196

Case Number | : | Suit 1331/2002, RA 136/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Joseph Tan Wee Kong (Kenneth Tan Partnership) for the appellant/defendant; R. Srivathsan and Subashini (Haridass Ho & Partners) for respondent/plaintiff   
Parties | : |  Swiss Singapore Overseas Enterprises Pte Ltd — Navalmar U.K. Ltd   
  
1 This is an appeal against the order of the assistant registrar who dismissed
the appellants’ application for a stay of proceedings on the grounds of _forum
non conveniens_. The respondents are the plaintiffs in this suit claiming
US$494,453.31 or, alternatively, damages to be assessed by reason of the
appellants’ failure to issue switch bills of lading to the respondents as
agreed. The High Court in Singapore made an order on 5 November 2002 directing
the appellants to issue the bills. The appellants refused and applied for a
stay of execution pending appeal to the Court of Appeal. The application for
stay of execution was refused and the appellants appealed. The two appeals
(including the appeal against the 5 November order) were eventually dismissed.
In the meantime, however, the appellants gave notice to the respondents that
they were claiming a lien over the cargo which was then on board the vessel in
Madras, India. The respondents therefore applied, out of urgency, to the
Madras High Court for the release of the cargo. The application was granted on
the condition that security be provided. The order was varied as to the amount
of security but otherwise upheld on appeal (by the appellants against the
orders) to the Court of Appeal, and then the Supreme Court of India.

2 On 18 December 2002, which was about a month after the appellants’ appeals
to the Court of Appeal (in Singapore) were dismissed, the appellants gave
notice to refer the dispute to arbitration, but no further steps were taken.
Instead, on 17 February 2003 the High Court (Singapore) gave directions to the
respondents to file and serve the statement of claim by 3 March 2003 and the
appellants to file the defence by 17 March 2003, and the reply by respondents
by 31 March 2003. Various other directions were also given. On 7 March 2003
the appellants consented to the respondents’ application to amend the general
indorsement to the writ and on 14 March 2003 the respondents filed and served
the statement of claim.

3 The appellants now say that the present proceedings be stayed in favour of
the proceedings in India. Mr Tan, counsel for the appellants argued that the
claim for damages for refusal of delivery of cargo is the subject matter of
the respondents’ claim in Madras. He says that Indian law governs the refusal
to deliver the cargo. Finally, he argued that the evidence in support of the
respondents’ claim is to be found in India and that there being little
connection with Singapore, the respondents were therefore merely seeking a
procedural advantage.

4 These present proceedings in Singapore were commenced on 1 November 2002.
The main cause of action was a breach of contract in the failure by the
appellants to issue switch bills of lading. The consequence of that was,
_inter alia_ , the inability of the cargo being discharged as contemplated.
The issues relating to the cargo were part and parcel of the respondents’
cause of action in these proceedings in which not only had the appellants
entered appearance and submitted to jurisdiction, but was also contested on
two interlocutory matters very substantially, all the way to the Court of
Appeal. On the other hand, the action in India was commenced solely for the
purposes of releasing the cargo, which would otherwise have been stranded,
pending the trial here. The matter in India is largely resolved save two
subsidiary issues relating to load port demurrage and excess freight which the
appellants are claiming but have not yet lodged a formal claim. In any event,
those issues have little bearing on the present proceedings.

5 Mr Srivathsan submitted that the appellants had argued before the Madras
High Court, when they were resisting the action there, that all disputes must
be referred to arbitration in Singapore. This is set out in Pratap’s first
affidavit of 31 March 2003. Consequently, as stated above, the appellants
commenced arbitration proceedings by giving notice but have not proceeded
beyond that.

6 Against all the above, the appellants would wish to compel the respondents
to continue the fight (commenced here) in India instead where the respondents
may have great difficulty summoning their witnesses who are in Singapore. The
trial in Singapore is also in all likelihood to begin much sooner than if the
action was to be carried to India. Most importantly, nothing in the
appellants’ affidavits or Mr Tan’s submissions had persuaded me that on the
cause of action pleaded in this suit, India is the more appropriate forum. The
law as encapsulated in _PT Hutan Dumas Raja v Yue Xio Enterprises (Holdings)
Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR 49 is well known and I need not repeat them here. The
factors enumerated in that case that I need to consider and have set out
above, indicates strongly that the present proceedings ought to continue.

For the reasons above, the appeal was dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

