Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Asiawerks Global Investment Group Pte Ltd v Ismail bin Syed Ahmad and
Another  
[2003] SGHC 269

Case Number | : | Suit 873/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Navinder Singh (Navin and Co) for plaintiff; Mohan Das Naidu (Mohan Das Naidu and Partners) for first defendant; Palakrishnan SC and MP Kanisan (Palakrishnan and Partners) for second defendant   
Parties | : |  Asiawerks Global Investment Group Pte Ltd — Ismail bin Syed Ahmad; William Esplin Stewart   
  
Employment Law – Employees’ duties – Employees' use of information gathered in
course of employment – Whether employer suffered loss of opportunity as a
result of such use  
  
Employment Law – Employees’ duties – Whether employees engaging in other
business during working hours constitutes breach of their duties  
  
Employment Law – Employees’ duties – Whether employees obliged to make good
losses resulting from inability to meet employer's targets  
  

**Introduction**

1 The plaintiff’s claim against the defendants, two of its former employees,
was for breach of their respective contracts of employment. The first
defendant was employed on 6 September 2001 as a project manager pursuant to a
written contract while the second defendant was employed as an associate in
sales and marketing in early February 2002 via an oral contract. The plaintiff
alleged that both defendants failed to serve the company with good faith and
fidelity and that they conducted themselves dishonestly. A claim in defamation
against the first defendant was abandoned at the commencement of the trial.

**The plaintiff's case**

2 The plaintiff’s evidence was adduced essentially through its directors, Syed
Abdel Nasser bin Syed Hassan Al-Junied (‘Nasser’) and James Stephen Johnson
(‘Johnson’, nicknamed ‘Chief’). The plaintiff, a company incorporated in
Singapore, was established in 1999 with the intention of researching,
surveying and exploiting the commodities available in South Sulawesi. The two
directors were successful leaders of the banking industry when they left it to
set up the plaintiff, Nasser having been a director of Credit Suisse First
Boston and Johnson having been the managing director of Union Bank of
Switzerland. In 1999 and 2000, the two of them spent a considerable amount of
time, effort and money in South Sulawesi doing the groundwork. They met with
high ranking government officials in the area to negotiate concessions and
trading rights relating to various commodities. Their particular focus was on
pine resin, cocoa beans, vanilla and asphalt.

3 They were aware they had to raise investment funds for the projects and that
it was not feasible to engage in all the projects at once. They therefore
decided that the first project would be that of tapping and exporting pine
resin to be followed subsequently by cocoa and then asphalt. In keeping with
the company’s name (Asiawerks), it was decided that the pine project would be
called Pinewerks.

4 Universiti Muslim Indonesia (‘UMI’), an agricultural university based in
Makassar, the capital of Sulawesi, controlled a bank called BMT, a co-
operative bank used by the farmers in that region. It was virtually impossible
for any foreign entity to enter the market there without securing the co-
operation and assistance of UMI. The plaintiff’s liaison in UMI was a director
called Professor Abdur Rahman Basalamah.

5 In July 2001, the feasibility studies for the pine project were completed
and the plaintiff started making arrangements for the launch of the project.
The company employed one Darryl Tang who dealt with UMI and with investor
relations. While progress was made, it became clear that the project manager
to oversee Pinewerks had to be someone conversant in Bahasa Indonesia.

6 The first defendant, then a remisier, was one such person. He had been
pressing Nasser for a job since early 2000 and was invited to travel to
Makassar together with the potential investors to assess the investment
potential of the various projects the plaintiff was contemplating. On 11 April
2000, he met Nasser to discuss the question of his employment. That night, he
emailed Nasser to propose his starting salary but was not offered a job then.

7 On 6 September 2001, the plaintiff offered him the position of project
manager of Pinewerks with an annual salary of S$72,000 plus bonuses. The first
defendant accepted the offer. His duties were to report to the Board of
Directors of Pinewerks and to devote all his time, attention and abilities to
the plaintiff and not to undertake, directly or otherwise, any other work. He
was not allowed to undertake any business which was connected to or competed
with that of the plaintiff. He was to exercise due care and diligence to
prevent disclosure of information of a confidential nature belonging to the
plaintiff or its associated companies to any third party and was not to use
such information for his own purposes. All notes, records and writings made by
him in relation to the business of the plaintiff and its associated companies
remained the property of the said companies. The plaintiff could from time to
time appoint any other person to act jointly with the first defendant. He was
to perform his duties faithfully and diligently and obey all lawful and
reasonable directions. He was not to engage in any business in competition
with the plaintiff for a period of six months after termination of his
employment, including being engaged with any client or trading partner of the
plaintiff. He could not deal with any person who was in the habit of dealing
with the plaintiff or its subsidiaries or associated companies during the six
months prior to the termination of his employment. Within the first six months
after termination of his employment, he was not to solicit or approach anyone
who was negotiating with the plaintiff for the provision of services.

8 The first defendant remained in the employ of the plaintiff until 17 June
2002 when he resigned.

9 In December 2002, the plaintiff employed the second defendant. When the
application for an employment pass for him and two appeals therefrom failed,
the plaintiff decided to post him to work with the first defendant in
Indonesia. Both of them had to work together to ensure that the pine project
deliver the targeted 20 tons of pine resin a day. Although the contract in
respect of the second defendant was an oral one, the plaintiff averred that
the duties spelt out in the first defendant’s written contract applied to him
by way of implied terms.

10 Although the second defendant claimed he was a potential investor helping
out in the company and not an employee, the plaintiff averred that the
evidence showed otherwise. In his email dated 22 October 2001 to Johnson, the
second defendant stated he really wanted to be part of Asiawerks and was
willing to make sacrifices by accepting the salary of S$2,500 per month
together with accommodation. He was an intelligence officer in the Royal Air
Force and then a manager in a health club in the United Kingdom. The email
also mentioned ‘salary negotiations’. The plaintiff applied for an employment
pass for him. In that application, his designation as an associate in sales
and marketing was mentioned. The second defendant confirmed the truth of the
information in the application by way of statutory declaration. He signed a
letter of employment issued by the plaintiff but claimed that the letter was
retracted once his application for an employment pass was rejected.

11 In letters from the plaintiff to the Ministry of Manpower, the second
defendant’s duties as an employee relating to the pine forest concession were
set out. He was dealing with the sales details of the plaintiff’s buyers. On
31 January 2002, consistent with the plaintiff’s assertion that he was to be
posted to Indonesia to work, the second defendant sent a fax to a buyer
explaining that he would be in Indonesia the following week, i.e. the
beginning of February 2002. In an email to a friend, he said he was going to
be off to Jakarta for two weeks, having ‘landed a job as an Associate for an
investment company’ and ‘will also be heading up a project for resourcing some
commodities – it’s a very new company and got in at number 4 – could do well’.
He also mentioned that he ‘got the afternoon off’ as it was the eve of Chinese
New Year.

12 Various payment vouchers between February and July 2002 indicated payment
of a salary to the second defendant, with some signed by him. In June 2002, he
drew an increased salary of S$3,200. By a letter dated 26 June 2002, his
salary was increased to S$6,600 per month after the resignation of the first
defendant on 17 June 2002. He emailed the plaintiff’s accounts clerk on 8 July
2002 to give his girlfriend cash so that their rent could be paid. He also
emailed his friend to say he was having problems achieving the daily target of
20 tons a day, that his ‘boss’ (the first defendant) had left the company,
that he had to travel to Makassar to have a look at the operational side of
things and sort them out and the plaintiff had ‘over doubled my salary’.

13 The second defendant was dismissed by the plaintiff on 18 August 2002.

14 Where the first defendant was concerned, he knew and accepted that he had a
target of achieving 20 tons of pine resin production per day. In September
2001, he made his first report to the plaintiff via email indicating that
target and what was necessary to achieve it. As admitted by him, his job was
basically one of coaxing people on the ground to work harder and to eradicate
inefficiencies in the collection of the pine resin. He had to spend half his
time in Singapore and half his time in Makassar. In his second report in
October 2001, he revised his projected production levels downward on account
of the monsoon season and stated that most of the major problems had been
solved. During a conference call on 30 November 2001 with the investors in the
project, the first defendant again mentioned the target of 20 tons a day.

15 By 25 February 2002, Johnson was disturbed by the seeming lack of progress
in pine resin yield. With the monsoon season petering out by end February,
production remained at 150 tons for the month, the same level as that
projected for December 2001 at the height of the monsoon season. He expressed
his concerns in an email to the first defendant. The plaintiff denied that the
first defendant sent daily production reports to the company. When Nasser went
to Makassar in June 2002 to study the situation, he witnessed neglect and
abandonment of the pine project. The workers complained of a lack of direction
with drums of resin left uncollected.

16 The plaintiff was not actively trading in cocoa when the focus was on pine
resin. However, cocoa was very much its business and it was awaiting UMI’s
proposal on the research study. Much of the groundwork pertaining to cocoa had
been undertaken. In its business plan prepared in October 2001 for its
investors, the plaintiff outlined the direction it was going to take in
relation to cocoa. Its subsidiary, AsianXports, would expand its operations
and acquire concessions. It would expand its range of commodities for export.
Investments were being sought to launch the cocoa project. It intended to set
up three warehouses with drying, cleaning and sorting facilities in Sulawesi
province, the main centre for cocoa production in Indonesia.

17 When UMI’s proposal was ready on 5 March 2002, the first defendant kept it
from the plaintiff and informed UMI falsely that the plaintiff was not
interested in cocoa any more. It transpired that from the beginning of March
2002, both defendants were already collaborating on their own cocoa venture
and had prepared a business plan for cocoa. A MSN conversation between the
defendants on 22 March 2002 showed that they were planning a big venture at
the expense of the plaintiff and that they had the intention to damage the
plaintiff’s business. Research materials in Bahasa Indonesia were downloaded
from the Internet in April 2002 although the first defendant denied he did any
work relating to cocoa before he left the plaintiff on 17 June 2002. The
research could not have been done in the United Kingdom by the second
defendant’s brother, Malcolm, as claimed because Malcolm would be looking at
websites in the English language, not in Bahasa Indonesia. Malcolm was not
called to be a witness for the defendants in any case.

18 In April 2002, the first defendant was already asking the second defendant
to source for funds. The plaintiff did not state that it had no interest in
cocoa. It merely reiterated to the first defendant that until the pine resin
production was on track, it should not get too far into new businesses. The
priority then was on pine resin.

19 In May 2002, the first defendant wrote an email to one Usamah meant to be
passed on to UMI. In that email, he stated that he had made a comprehensive
business plan for the cocoa project in the form of a long-term partnership
between a new company and UMI. It also set out proposals on commissions
payable to UMI and requested, on behalf of his investors, a letter from UMI
indicating willingness to sign a memorandum of understanding on the project
and a profile of UMI. It concluded by asking for reply email to be sent to a
private email address by 28 May ‘because this is highly CONFIDENTIAL’. The
defendants’ business plan on cocoa was similar to that of the plaintiff.

20 On 13 June 2002, the defendants were at a consultancy firm to sign the
memorandum and articles of association of a new company formed by them called
Capricorn International Pte Ltd (‘Capricorn’). Both of them were directors in
Capricorn.

21 The first defendant claimed he had resolved to resign in mid-May 2002 but
did so only in June 2002 so as to be able to join his family during the school
holidays. The plaintiff alleged this was because he wanted to have continued
access to the information and dealings with UMI. The first defendant told the
plaintiff he did not know what he was going to do after his resignation. That
was a lie as he had already spent a lot of time prior to his resignation
exploiting the plaintiff’s confidential information. Both defendants were
damaging the plaintiff’s business interests since March 2002 and had no
concern for their duties to their employer, particularly in the pine project.
The first defendant was not released from the one-month notice required for
his resignation. The plaintiff agreed to release him with effect from 21 June
2002 on condition that all necessary documentation pertaining to a shipment be
finalised. However, he disappeared from the plaintiff’s office after 17 June
2002 without clearing up the said paperwork.

22 In its letter dated 29 August 2002, UMI informed the plaintiff that several
cocoa proposals were given to the first defendant in his capacity as one of
the heads of the plaintiff. UMI was surprised at the revelation that the first
defendant had intended to do business separately from the plaintiff. UMI had
informed the first defendant it would continue its good relationship with the
plaintiff. It also affirmed that the plaintiff’s proposal would still be
discussed by the UMI Council and ‘in fact it has been long and diligently
thought about by the council, to decide not to cooperate with parties other
than (the plaintiff)’. UMI did not wish to be involved in any dispute between
the plaintiff and the first defendant.

23 In further breach of his employment contract, the first defendant also
attempted to entice Usamah out of the plaintiff’s employ by offering him a
salary of S$3,500 per month.

24 On 24 July 2002, the plaintiff commenced this action against the first
defendant and applied for an injunction against him. The injunction prevented
him from dealing in cocoa for six months from the date of his resignation from
the plaintiff on 17 June 2002. On 8 August 2002, the second defendant
approached Johnson in the office and asked whether he had time for a chat.
Johnson agreed as he was leaving for the United States the next day and would
be gone for quite some time. It was during that conversation that Johnson
became aware of the involvement of the second defendant. The second defendant
falsely claimed that his role was limited to arranging funds for the first
defendant’s business. Johnson informed him that the injunction against the
first defendant prohibited him from having contact with personnel of the
plaintiff and its subsidiaries. He asked the second defendant when was the
last time he had contact with the first defendant and was told it was just a
few days ago. The second defendant did not disclose that he was a director of
Capricorn, the company set up by the first defendant, or even the fact that
such a company existed. He claimed instead that he had no direct involvement
in the venture and offered Johnson the money he had raised for the first
defendant.

25 The second defendant then proposed to Johnson that Nasser and Johnson team
up with a company he called ‘NewCo’ to take a percentage of the profits from
the new venture, effectively shutting out and double-crossing the first
defendant and Capricorn. Johnson refused the suggestion and said he was making
all those things known to Nasser. The second defendant said that he would try
to convince the investors to deal with the plaintiff.

26 Johnson only became aware of Capricorn through Nasser. When he confronted
the second defendant about this, the latter claimed he put his name as one of
its directors in order to get his employment pass approved. He had no answer
when asked why his directorship was not disclosed earlier.

27 Both defendants admitted having deleted their personal email. The plaintiff
alleged that was done deliberately to destroy the evidence linking them to
their unlawful activities. A firm of professional forensic investigators,
Tecbiz Frisman Pte Ltd, had to be engaged to glean whatever it could from the
sanitised computers used by the defendants. The expert’s report was admitted
with the consent of all the parties after disputed portions therein were
deleted. The report showed, on a balance of probabilities, that it was the
second defendant who effected a deletion of the plaintiff’s computer files.
The second defendant was a former intelligence officer familiar with the use
of computers. He had used ‘clean up’ software before. He also worked on the
plaintiff’s website while in its employ. When asked whether he had installed
the ‘clean up’ software in the plaintiff’s computers, all he could say was
that he could not confirm.

28 The second defendant admitted he paid the legal costs of the first
defendant. This was further evidence that they were acting in concert against
the plaintiff.

29 The plaintiff claimed damages from both defendants for the loss of output
in the pine project and the loss of opportunity in the cocoa project. It used
financial projections used in its presentation to the Overseas Private
Investment Committee, a US government agency in Washington, for funding in
respect of expansion of its pine project to come up with an estimated loss of
almost US$1 million for its pine project. It estimated the loss in opportunity
caused by the delay in cocoa bean operations to be about US$3.15 million. Its
loss of goodwill and other intangible losses were estimated at US$4.6 million.
Together with other miscellaneous items, the plaintiff computed the total
damages as being slightly more than US$9 million.

**The defendant's case**

30 The first defendant agreed that he was employed as a project manager
pursuant to the written contract dated 6 September 2001. The first defendant
resigned on 17 June 2002 but was released from his employment on 21 June 2002
and was not required to work until the expiry of the one-month notice period.

31 The plaintiff was not the owner of the pine concession in Makassar,
Sulawesi. The concession belonged to an Indonesian company called P T Ogi,
with which the plaintiff had no direct contractual relationship. The company
entrusted with managing the pine project was Pinewerks Pte Ltd, a company
incorporated in Singapore, whose board of directors the first defendant was to
report to. The company overseeing the pine operations in Makassar was P T
AsianXports, an Indonesian company. PT Ogi had an arrangement with a British
Virgin Islands company known as Applenet Limited whereby P T Ogi was to
receive a fee of 5% from Applenet Limited from the sale of pine resin. UMI was
engaged by the plaintiff to disburse money to the project on its behalf. In
return, a charitable foundation in UMI received donations from the plaintiff.
The plaintiff was never engaged in the cocoa business.

32 The first defendant was a remisier and trader in a bank before being
employed by the plaintiff. The plaintiff knew he had no experience whatsoever
in the sort of work for which he was engaged. The target of 20 tons per day
was not a term of his employment contract but was a figure used by the
plaintiff to lure investors. He denied mentioning the target to the investors
during the conference call of 30 November 2001. It was Nasser who mentioned
it.

33 Before he took over the pine project, it was in disarray with production of
pine resin at around two tons per month. The resources needed were not there.
There were only 204 active tappers out of the 3,000 who were supposed to be
working in the pine project. Despite the incentives offered, there were simply
not enough local people interested in doing the tapping of the pine resin. The
plaintiff had done its business plan based on a few articles in the report put
up by the United Nations Food and Agricultural Organisation without doing a
proper feasibility study or understanding the problems on the ground. The
target of 20 tons a day was an impossible one to meet as it was still not
achieved by the plaintiff almost a year after the departure of the first
defendant.

34 The plaintiff was involved only in pine and the defendants had not used any
confidential information to compete with the plaintiff in its pine business.

35 In early March 2002, Nasser asked the first defendant to put up a
presentation on cocoa to the plaintiff and he did so in the middle of that
month. He had gathered the necessary information and used a three-page
proposal from UMI which was not addressed to the plaintiff but to P T
AsianXports. The information in the UMI proposal was not confidential as it
was available over the Internet and in other publications. The information on
cocoa was certainly no trade secret.

36 However, both Nasser and Johnson were not interested in the presentation.
Nasser told the first defendant that the plaintiff was not interested in the
capital-intensive cocoa business as the company did not have the funds
available. Johnson sent an email to the first defendant on 20 March 2002
stating that ‘we don’t have the time nor the funding right now to be going too
far into new business so it’s imperative that we secure the income stream from
Pine 1 and Pine 2’. The plaintiff was still not in the cocoa business to date.

37 The restrictive covenant in clause 23 of the contract of employment, which
prohibited the first defendant from competing with the plaintiffs business in
Singapore and Indonesia for six months after termination of employment, was
_prima facie_ void as a covenant in restraint of trade and it was up to the
plaintiff to prove otherwise. In any case, the ‘business carried on by the
company’ meant the actual business already undertaken.

38 The plaintiff must have been pleased with the first defendant’s performance
as he was promoted to General Manager of AsianXports Pte Ltd with effect from
1 April 2002. He did not neglect his duties in the pine business and had not
harmed or sabotaged the plaintiff’s operations.

39 Although he intimated to Usamah his intention to go into the cocoa
business, it would not have taken him long to put the idea together as he was
already familiar with the facts and the figures which were neither technical
nor secret. He was not in any business relationship with any of the
plaintiff’s business partners or associates. It was at best a desire which was
stopped by the injunction granted against him.

40 The damages claimed were grossly exaggerated in any event. The first
defendant did not pilfer the pine resin to sell to others. The plaintiff was
not producing anywhere near 20 tons a day when he was employed and he could
not therefore be blamed for the failure to meet the target. It was not shown
that the pine project was operating profitably before and after his
employment. There were no profits gained by him in the cocoa business and the
plaintiff had lost nothing.

**The second defendant's case**

41 The second defendant arrived here from the United Kingdom in November 2001
with the intention of joining the plaintiff as an employee. He arrived here as
a tourist with a social visit pass. It was not disputed that he required an
employment pass before he could work here.

42 After the application for an employment pass and the appeals failed, he
remained in Singapore, doing whatever duties were assigned to him. He made
trips to Batam, Johor and Jakarta either socially to renew his social visit
pass or for business purposes. He visited Makassar on two occasions, once with
the first defendant on 28 February 2002 when he stayed for three days
repairing bridges and another time between 9 and 17 July 2002 with Nasser
after the departure of the first defendant. It was not in dispute that most of
his time (between January and August 2002) was spent in Singapore. He stayed
in either Nasser’s or Johnson’s apartment between December 2001 and July
2002.It was therefore not true that he was transferred to Indonesia to work
with the first defendant there.

43 The second defendant did several assignments for the plaintiff. He assisted
in the design of its website and sold the plaintiff’s pine resin to buyers in
India through Applenet Limited, a company which the plaintiff had an interest
in. The last sale was dated 10 June 2002.

44 He was not under the supervision of the first defendant while the latter
was in the plaintiff’s employ. The second defendant was paid consultancy fees
amounting to S$2,500 per month for February and March 2002 as indicated in the
payment vouchers. He was paid S$4,363 in July 2002 despite the plaintiff’s
assertion of a promotion with an increased salary of S$6,600 per month. There
was no proof that the difference between the two amounts was paid by Nasser
from his own salary although that was what Nasser testified in Court. There
was no evidence to show that he received payments from April to June 2002.

45 The second defendant could not have been an employee of the plaintiff as
that would have been a contravention of the Immigration Act and the Employment
of Foreign Workers Act. If a contract of employment did exist, it could not be
enforced because it would be an illegal contract. The defence of illegality
could be raised notwithstanding the refusal of leave to amend the Defence in
the course of trial to include such a defence.

46 The factors evidencing an employer-employee relationship were also missing.
He was not under the control or management of the plaintiff and neither was he
integrated or assimilated into the plaintiff’s business. He could walk in and
out of the office in Singapore at any time, was dressed casually in shorts and
sneakers while in office and did not need to apply for leave when he went to
Europe between 24 May and 4 June 2002. By contrast, the first defendant was
formally dressed while in Singapore and had to keep regular office hours. The
first defendant confirmed in Court that the second defendant did not report to
him.

47 The second defendant was only a potential investor to the plaintiff and was
allowed free access to the office to see how the business functioned. The
plaintiff also suggested that he visit Indonesia to observe the pine
operations there. In the end, after assessing the investment potential, he
decided not to invest in the plaintiff’s business. He was in Singapore looking
for business opportunities. The second defendant’s family was wealthy. His
father invested in Capricorn.

48 Even if he was employed as an associate in marketing and sales, his duties
did not include the production of pine resin. He had not looked at the pine
project between February and July 2002 and could not therefore have been
‘expressly engaged to ensure a profitable output’ for the plaintiff in the
pine project, contrary to the plaintiff’s Statement of Claim. He was under no
obligation to disclose to Johnson his dealings with Capricorn as he was not an
employee of the plaintiff.

49 The UMI proposal was given to AsianXports and not the plaintiff. It
basically proposed that AsianXports procure cocoa from the locals and then
export it. It was made for the purpose of study, the result of which would be
used as the basis of collaboration. The information contained therein could be
obtained from external sources and could not be regarded as confidential
material. In any case, the plaintiff never intended to use the information on
cocoa. Even if it was confidential information, the second defendant did not
use it while allegedly in the plaintiff’s employ.

50 The plaintiff suffered no damages in any event. It was submitted that
‘awarding damages to the tune of the plaintiff’s claim is a gateway for
employers to engage rich idiots as employees, and sue them for breaches to get
the damages of the kind claimed’.

51 Despite Nasser’s police report lodged in March 2003 concerning the alleged
tampering with the plaintiff’s computers, the police did not proceed with
criminal action against the defendants. All that the defendants did was to
delete their personal email. There was no direct or inferential evidence from
the plaintiff’s expert’s report to show that it was the second defendant who
effected the deletion of the plaintiff’s files. The computers used by the
defendants were also accessed by other staff when the defendants were not in
the office.

**The decision of the court**

52 It was plain from the documentary and oral evidence adduced by the
plaintiff that the second defendant came to Singapore to seek employment and
not to source for investment opportunities despite his family being a wealthy
one. When his application for an employment pass and the appeals failed, the
plaintiff took him on as an employee nonetheless for the purpose of doing work
outside Singapore. The agreement to employ him for work outside Singapore was
therefore not illegal.

53 Nasser and Johnson were apparently very friendly and indulgent towards him.
The oral agreement to employ him was on very loose terms, with the plaintiff
seemingly regarding the S$2,500 per month payable as small change or as a
worthwhile investment at that time. Perhaps Nasser and Johnson were harbouring
hopes that the second defendant’s connections with potential investors might
become useful to the plaintiff one day. Hence the total absence of
formalities, the housing of the second defendant in their respective
apartments and the general _laissez faire_ attitude towards him. Clearly, the
second defendant was at the material time employed by the plaintiff although
he might have the ambition to be an entrepreneur or an investor in the future.

54 The evidence also showed that the first defendant and, subsequently, the
second defendant were made aware of the target of 20 tons of pine resin a day.
It was a very ambitious goal but it was obvious that Nasser and Johnson were
business adventurers who aimed for the stars and who expected, perhaps rather
too optimistically, that their employees would be astronauts.

55 Having high goals and business targets is laudable. However, this
philosophy cannot translate into a ‘perform or pay’ obligation for employees,
in any case not without the clearest of contractual terms specifying the same.
Employees are often required to meet certain production or sales targets for
the purpose of incentive remuneration or simply for the purpose of remaining
on the payroll. Under-performers are not rewarded beyond their basic
remuneration or, worse, have their services terminated. It would be an utter
shock for the under-performing or even non-performing employee to learn that
he has in fact undertaken to guarantee a level of profits for his employer and
that any shortfall in profits due to failure to meet the production or sales
numbers would have to be compensated by him. Such a proposition is completely
untenable in law in the absence of an unequivocal undertaking by the employee.

56 The plaintiff here was effectively asking the Court to impose such an
obligation on its employees, the defendants. Since they did not devote their
time and attention to the pine project, the plaintiff argued, the losses
arising from that project should be made good by them. I could find no term in
the first defendant’s agreement remotely suggesting such an onerous burden. It
would be confounding if such an obligation were to be implied into a contract
of employment.

57 It made no difference whether the failure to meet the target was caused by
sheer incompetence or indolence. This was not a case of the defendants
deliberately diverting pine resin business away from their employer or
destroying stock or storage, for which they might be held liable. The
plaintiff could withhold bonuses or salary increments or even terminate their
employment for their failure to meet the set target. It could not, by their
failure, make them guarantors of the company’s profitability.

58 The plaintiff relied on the case of _EbbwVale Steel, Iron & Coal Co. v Tew_
(1935) 79 Sol J 593 where the English Court of Appeal held that the employer
plaintiff there must be placed, so far as money can do it, in as good a
situation as if the contract had been performed. It was also submitted, on the
authority of _Schilling v Kidd Garrett Ltd_ [1977] NZLR 243, a decision of the
New Zealand Court of Appeal, that the loss or impairment of an opportunity to
obtain or retain some profitable connection, where the plaintiff is entitled
to that opportunity by his contract, is a proper head of damages for breach of
that contract. The plaintiff in the present case argued that ‘the malicious
and dishonest acts of the first and second defendants impaired the ability of
the plaintiffs to obtain the realistic output of pine in the months of March
to June, and further caused the plaintiffs damage in that their ability to
progress with the cocoa project in their own right was heavily impaired’.

59 Although the defendants were distracted from their duties, it was not shown
that they, particularly the first defendant, did nothing on the pine project
from March 2002 onwards. It was also not shown that the target could have been
achieved with diligence anyway. Even Nasser, who took charge of the pine
project after the departure of the first defendant, could not achieve the
company’s target. There was also no evidence that the target was achieved at
any time before the first defendant joined the company. I shall make my
comments on the cocoa project subsequently.

60 The defendants appeared frustrated about their work and were obviously
thinking of moving on to setting up their own business. This was where they
ran afoul of their contractual obligations to the plaintiff.

61 There can be no denying that all employees are expected to serve their
employers diligently, honestly and loyally. What this duty translates into
factually depends on the circumstances such as the nature of the work.
Employees should not be engaged in other business or employment during their
working hours without the approval of their employers. They should certainly
not be diverting business opportunities that they got wind of only because of
their employment status and during the subsistence of the employment, whether
or not such information amounted to confidential information within the
meaning of the law.

62 On the facts, it was clear to me that the first defendant would not have
got the idea nor the information about the cocoa business except by virtue of
his employment in the plaintiff. That business was not in the immediate future
plans of the plaintiff but it certainly featured on the horizon. The plaintiff
was not interested in the cocoa business in March 2002 because it had to get
the pine project into gear first. It did not abandon its plans to go into
cocoa. It intended to move into cocoa in due season, after its pine project
was flowing smoothly and new funding became available.

63 The first defendant was obviously trying to hijack the cocoa project from
the plaintiff. The business plan on cocoa was built on UMI’s proposals. It
could not have been prepared by the second defendant’s brother who was in the
United Kingdom. At any rate, Malcolm could not have done so without the first
defendant providing him the information and background, whether directly or
through the second defendant. Even if UMI’s proposals were sent to
AsianXports, the first defendant clearly knew they were meant for the
plaintiff as he made the presentation on cocoa to the plaintiff.

64 The first defendant could not have dared to attempt to hijack the cocoa
business if, like the plaintiff, he had no funding at that time. That was why
he brought the second defendant into his devious scheme. Together, they were
planning their own business venture through their company, Capricorn, even
while working in the plaintiff, using information meant for the plaintiff and
which they got sight of by virtue of their employment. The first defendant was
to assemble the cocoa vehicle while the second defendant was to obtain the
funds to run it. Both of them were therefore in breach of their duties as
employees.

65 However, it was clear that the defendants’ cocoa scheme never took off.
They made no profits whatsoever from their attempt to divert the business away
from the plaintiff to themselves. Similarly, the plaintiff suffered no loss as
a result of their actions. It was not prepared to go into cocoa at that stage
or in the immediate future. In any event, UMI was not going to deal with
anyone else in the cocoa business as was evident from its letter to the
plaintiff in August 2002. There could therefore be no valid assertion that the
plaintiff had lost out on any opportunity or that its ability to progress had
been heavily impaired.

66 Accordingly, while the plaintiff succeeded in showing the attempted
diversion of the cocoa business by the defendants, it failed in its claim
against them because no profits were made and no loss was occasioned.

67 Where the damage to the plaintiff’s computer files was concerned, I noted
that the police did not proceed with any criminal action against the second
defendant. Of course, criminal action would have entailed a higher standard of
proof than civil proceedings. Nevertheless, since the computers were
accessible and were used by others in the plaintiff, I was not satisfied on a
balance of probabilities that it had been proved that the culprit was the
second defendant.

68 The plaintiff’s case against both defendants failed for the reasons I have
set out above and was accordingly dismissed. However, I departed from the
general rule that costs should follow the event in the light of my findings
regarding the breaches by the defendants. I thought it fair that all parties
should bear their own costs for the proceedings. The plaintiff has appealed
against my decision.

Plaintiff’s claim against the defendants dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

