Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chee Soon Juan v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 122

Case Number | : | MA 256/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 May 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Appellant in person; Bala Reddy (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent; Hui Choon Kuen (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Chee Soon Juan — Public Prosecutor   
  
Constitutional Law – Fundamental liberties – Freedom of speech – Whether
violated by laws regulating licencing of public entertainment – Constitution
of the Republic of Singapore art 14(2((a)  
  
Public Entertainment – Places of entertainment – Right to express opinion –
Attempt to hold rally on grounds of Istana without licence – Whether "public
entertainment" – Activities considered "public entertainment" – Public
Entertainments and Meetings Act (Cap 257, 2001 Rev Ed) ss 2, 19(1)(a)  
  
Words and Phrases – "Public entertainment" – Public Entertainments and
Meetings Act (Cap 257, 2001 Rev Ed) s 2  
  

1 The appellant (“Chee”) was convicted in the district court of two offences.
The first was for wilfully trespassing on property belonging to the Government
under s 21(1) of the Miscellaneous Offences (Public Order & Nuisance) Act, Cap
184. He was sentenced to a fine of $500, with one week’s imprisonment in
default. The second offence was for attempting to provide public entertainment
without a licence under s 19(1)(a) of the Public Entertainments & Meetings
Act, Cap 257 (“PEMA”) read with s 511 of the Penal Code, Cap 224. For this
offence, he was sentenced to a fine of $4,000, with four week’s imprisonment
in default. He did not pay the fines and had served the default sentences of
imprisonment before his appeal came on for hearing. Chee’s appeal concerned
only the second offence, for which the maximum penalty was a fine of $10,000.

**Preliminary Issue**

2 In Chee’s notice of appeal, he stated that he would be appealing both his
conviction and sentence for the second offence. The DPP pointed out that his
petition of appeal mentioned only an appeal against sentence.

3 No written submissions were tendered by Chee. In court, I took the
opportunity to clarify the issue and confirmed that he was indeed appealing
against both his conviction and sentence.

**Background**

4 Chee had applied to the Public Entertainment Licencing Unit (“PELU”) for a
licence to hold an exhibition-cum-rally on 1 May 2002, Labour Day, outside the
Istana. His application was rejected on the ground of the potential disruption
to public order, but he subsequently stated in press releases his intention to
continue regardless.

5 On 1 May 2002, the grounds of the Istana were open to the public. Chee was
spotted moving to a traffic light in the foliage area in front of the Istana
around noon, where he was surrounded by a crowd of about 30 people.
Accompanying him was one Ghandi, a member of Chee’s political party who was
also there to speak at the rally. Ghandi had been separately charged and
convicted for his part in the incident, and I dismissed his appeal against
sentence on 25 February 2003.

6 One of the policemen on duty that day, DSP Lim, immediately approached Chee
and asked him to leave. DSP Lim testified that he had to prevent a “law and
order situation” arising, since there were close to 5,300 people in the Istana
grounds at the time. Also, Chee had already publicised through the press his
intention to hold a rally there, despite having been warned by the police that
this would be in breach of the law.

7 DSP Lim warned Chee a total of four times to leave the place. Chee refused
to comply and insisted on having his say. Consequently, DSP Lim ordered his
arrest. The incident was recorded on audio tape by another police officer, one
ASP Abdul Rani. From the transcript of the tape recording, it was apparent
that Chee had prepared for the rally, as he made reference both to props and
exhibits that he had brought and to the fact that he would be speaking later.
DSP Lim’s four warnings were also caught on tape. They showed that Chee had
been warned about the potential offence he was committing (breach of PEMA) and
that he had been given an opportunity to leave.

8 It was not undisputed that Chee and Ghandi were standing on government land
at the time they were arrested.

**The appeal against conviction**

9 Chee did not tender any written submission in support of his case. In court,
his sole contention before me was to challenge the constitutionality of PEMA,
both in its enactment and application. He argued that the licencing
requirements imposed by PEMA were contrary to his constitutional right of free
speech and association granted by Art 14(1)(a) of the Constitution. In a
related vein, Chee also alleged that PEMA was being applied in a
discriminatory manner against him, as evidenced by the refusal of his
application for a licence to hold his rally.

10 Chee did not seek to challenge the prosecution’s case against him nor the
decision of the judge below to convict him of the charge. However, being
mindful of the fact that he was unrepresented by counsel both here and in the
court below, I took it upon myself to examine the proceedings below to ensure
that the decision to convict him was correctly reached.

**The law on PEMA**

11 Section 19(1)(a) PEMA provides that it shall be an offence for any person
to provide public entertainment without a licence duly issued under the Act.
There is no precise definition of public entertainment in PEMA, but a list of
categories of activities which would be considered public entertainment is
found in s 2 of the Schedule, from s 2(a) to (n). In addition, s 2 also states
that these activities must be done “ _in any place to which the public or any
class of the public has access whether gratuitously or otherwise_ ”.

12 In _Jeyaretnam JB v PP_ [1989] SLR 978, Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was)
noted that “public entertainment” as used in PEMA had a wider ambit than its
ordinary dictionary sense. The activities specified within s 2 of the Schedule
included those which would not be understood as providing “entertainment” in
the general sense. Hence, he concluded that whether an activity is “public
entertainment” should be determined simply by its form and correspondence to
the list in s 2 of the Schedule.

13 In my opinion, for an activity to come within the scope of PEMA, the
activity must be directed at the public; in the sense of procuring their
involvement whether actively or passively. This should be read implicitly into
the activities listed in s 2 of the Schedule, and is an objective test to be
satisfied on the facts of the case. A substantive offence under PEMA would
then be constituted when any member or members of the public are actually
involved in the activity.

**Chee’s conviction**

14 Chee had attempted to hold his rally without a licence issued by PELU. He
would clearly be guilty of an offence under s 19(1)(a) PEMA if his actions
constituted public entertainment as provided for in the Act.

15 It was not disputed that on Labour Day, the public had access to the
grounds of the Istana, subject to conditions imposed by the police. In the
trial below, Chee readily admitted in cross-examination that he had gone to
the Istana to speak on labour issues. I can do no better than to refer to his
answers in the court below:

Q. Put – You had deliberately gone to the Istana at about 12.15 p.m to carry
out your purpose of holding an exhibition cum rally in breach of the Public
Entertainment and Meetings Act.

A. I accept that wholeheartedly. ……

… …

Q. Put – But for your arrest you would have proceeded with your talk or
speech.

A. Yes, the police very rudely interrupted the rally.

16 Section 2(m) of the Schedule includes “a _ny lecture, talk, address, debate
or discussion”_ as an activity that would be public entertainment. In
_Jeyaretnam JB v PP_ (supra), Chan Sek Keong J held that the word “ _address_
” in s 2 should be held to bear its ordinary meaning, that is, a speech made
to a group of people, usually on a formal occasion. The ordinary meaning of
rally is that of a gathering of people for a common purpose. Chee freely
stated that he intended to speak at the rally. I had no hesitation in
concluding that his actions would have constituted an “ _address”_ under s
2(m).

_Whether Chee’s actions constituted an attempt under s 511 of the Penal Code_

17 Chee’s intention to commit the offence under s 19(1)(a) PEMA was undoubted.
From the transcripts of the audio tape, he had clearly prepared props and
exhibits for the rally. He and Ghandi had arrived at the scene of the offence
in preparation for the rally. I had no doubt that his actions fulfilled the
requirements for an attempt under s 511 of the Penal Code.

**The constitutionality of PEMA**

18 Having concluded that Chee was correctly convicted of the offence as
charged, I turned to examine the merits of his arguments against PEMA.

19 The right to freedom of speech is enshrined in Art 14(1)(a) of our
Constitution. However, this right is expressly made subject to the limitation
in Art 14(2)(a) of the Constitution, which reads as follows:

(2) Parliament may by law impose —

(a) on the rights conferred by clause (1) (a), such restrictions as it
considers necessary or expedient in the interest of the security of Singapore
or any part thereof, friendly relations with other countries, public order or
morality and restrictions designed to protect the privileges of Parliament or
to provide against contempt of court, defamation or incitement to any offence;

20 In any society, democratic or otherwise, freedom of speech is not an
absolute right. Broader societal concerns such as public peace and order must
be engaged in a balancing exercise with the enjoyment of this personal
liberty. This is embodied in Art 14(2)(a). I did not find the provisions of
PEMA to be in any way contrary to our Constitution. Indeed, it seemed
eminently clear that the enactment of PEMA was fully within the power of the
legislature pursuant to the power granted to it by Art 14(2)(a).

21 With regard to Chee’s contention that the provisions of PEMA were applied
in a discriminatory fashion, the short answer was that he had not a shred of
evidence to support this contention. Chee did not see fit to provide the court
with any submissions or evidence of any sort, relying purely on his oral
submission before me. If it was indeed his contention that PELU had exercised
its powers arbitarily in denying him a licence, then it was beholden on him to
produce something more concrete in court than his personal unsubstantiated
belief.

22 In any event, the objective facts of the case did not bear out his
allegation. The opening of the Istana grounds on Labour Day was a highly
visible event with strong public participation. Indeed, there were close to
5,300 people in the grounds on the day of the offence. It did not take a great
stretch of imagination to conclude that a political rally in the grounds that
day could have resulted in a threat to public order and safety. In my opinion,
PELU’s refusal to issue a licence to Chee was clearly the prudent thing to do.

23 I also noted that s 13 of PEMA allows for an applicant to require reasons
for the refusal of the grant of a licence in writing. The applicant may then
proceed to appeal to the Minster against this refusal, pursuant to s 13(3)
PEMA. In the present case, Chee had done none of the above.

**Chee’s appeal against sentence**

24 With regard to Chee’s sentence, the only issue to consider was whether it
was manifestly excessive given the circumstances. The judge below noted that
this was his _fourth_ conviction under s 19(1)(a) PEMA. His previous
conviction was on 29 July 2002, for which he was fined $3,000. This was only
three months before his current conviction.

25 Chee had shown himself to be a habitual offender with little or no respect
for the law. In this latest incident, he had brazenly advertised in the media
his intention to breach the law. He had shown no remorse whatsoever for his
actions, ascribing them as an assertion of his constitutional rights.

26 I found that the sentence imposed in this case was manifestly _not_
excessive. Chee had shown a habitual lack of regard for law and order in
society. His cavalier attitude towards the legal system was offensive and
there was a total lack of mitigatory factors in the current case. In _Chee
Soon Juan v PP_ (MA No 246 of 1999), I had allowed his appeal against a
sentence, reducing the fine to $1,900 so as to enable him to stand for
election to Parliament. I warned him however against repeating the offence.
The warning had obviously been lost on him.

27 Before me, Chee had the sheer arrogance to purport to speak on behalf of
the people of Singapore, in asking for their right to free speech to be
returned to them. I found his impertinence remarkable, particularly since he
said that he was not a member of Parliament. He clearly had no mandate to
speak on behalf of the people of Singapore. The views that he expressed in
court were at best his personal beliefs, and I could see no evidence that it
reflected the views of anybody else.

28 In the result, I dismissed Chee’s appeals against both his conviction and
sentence.

_Appeals dismissed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 May 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

