Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pritam Singh s/o Gurmukh Singh v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 160

Case Number | : | MA 4/2003, Cr M 11/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 July 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  B Ganesh (Ganesha & Partners) for the applicant/appellant; David Chew Siong Tai (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Pritam Singh s/o Gurmukh Singh — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Adducing fresh evidence –
Evidence of false testimony during trial – Evidence that counsel acted against
instructions below – Whether such evidence was relevant to the appeal  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Benchmark sentences –
Abetment of an offence under s 57 of the Immigration Act (Cap 133, 1997 Rev
Ed) – Whether sentence of 18 months' imprisonment was manifestly excessive  
  
Criminal Law – Abetment – Elements of the offence – Mens rea – Whether the
accused had knowledge of the circumstances constituting the offence – Whether
it was necessary to ascertain the dominant intention of the accused in every
case  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Impeaching witnesses’ credibility – Discrepancies in
evidence – Whether credibility impeached  
  

1 The appellant (“Pritam”) claimed trial to the following charge:

You, Pritam Singh s/o Gurmukh Singh, NRIC No. S1490475A, are charged that you,
between the period of May 2001 and 14 March 2002, at ‘Cairnhill Towers’,
located at No. 81 Cairnhill Road, Singapore, did abet by intentionally aiding
one Sukdev Singh s/o Harjit Singh the (sic) commission of the offence of
employing one Sundram Ramajeyem, FIN No. G9013865R, a Sri Lankan National, as
a security guard, whom you had reasonable grounds for believing to be a person
who has acted in contravention of Section 6(1)(c) of the Immigration Act,
Chapter 133, and punishable under Section 57(1)(e) of the Immigration Act,
Chapter 133, read with Section 109 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

  
2 He was convicted by the district judge in the court below and sentenced to
18 months’ imprisonment. He appealed against his conviction and sentence.

**Background facts**

3 In February 2001, Sundram Ramajeyem (“Sundram”) entered Singapore illegally
from Sri Lanka. With the help of an agent, he found work with Top Guard
Security Agency (“TGSA”) as a security guard at Cairnhill Towers. Sundram’s
agent, who could not be located, gave him a pink Singapore identity card which
bore the name “Rakang Subramaniam” (“the identity card”). While Sundram was
working at Cairnhill Towers, he went by the name “Ashok Karan”.

4 On 14 March 2002, Sundram was arrested by immigration officers during an
inspection of Cairnhill Towers. He was convicted on 11 April 2002 under s
6(1)(c) of the Immigration Act (Cap 133) for entering Singapore without a
valid pass. In his statements to the police, Sundram claimed that it was
Pritam who paid him his salary while he was working at Cairnhill Towers. He
also stated that he had told Pritam that he was in possession of a Singapore
identity card, and had informed Pritam that the card was not his.

5 Pritam was an employee of TGSA. The exact scope of his duties was disputed
below, as the prosecution claimed that he was an operations manager while the
defence maintained that he was merely a patrolling officer. However, it was
not disputed that he would regularly visit and perform checks at the locations
where TGSA provided security guards, which included Cairnhill Towers.

6 Sukdev Singh was the sole proprietor of TGSA (“Sukdev”). He was subsequently
charged with having employed an illegal immigrant, while Pritam was charged
with having abetted Sukdev in the unlawful employment. The charge against
Sukdev was withdrawn after he pleaded guilty to a different charge.

**The trial below**

7 The prosecution’s case was that Pritam knew or had reason to believe that
Sundram was an immigration offender, but had allowed him to continue working
at Cairnhill Towers. He had therefore abetted the unlawful employment. Sundram
was the main prosecution witness. In his testimony below, he reiterated that
he had told Pritam of his possession of the identity card, and had informed
Pritam that the card did not belong to him.

8 The defence claimed that Pritam was a patrolling officer, and could not have
abetted Sundram’s employment because he was not part of the management of
TGSA. Pritam claimed that he had no reason to suspect that Sundram was an
immigration offender. The defence argued that Sundram had started working at
Cairnhill Towers in May 2000, and therefore it was TGSA’s operations manager
at that time, one Charan Singh (“Charan”), who had abetted his unlawful
employment.

9 The trial judge dismissed the idea that only Charan was responsible for
abetting the unlawful employment. Charan had left TGSA on 28 February 2001.
The period specified in the charge was from May 2001 to March 2002, several
months after his departure. As such, the judge held that Charan’s role as the
previous operations manager was irrelevant.

10 The judge accepted that Sundram had shown the identity card to Pritam, and
had informed him that it belonged to someone else. She found that Pritam had
taken over as the operations manager after Charan’s departure, and was a key
person in the company’s management. The judge held that Pritam had chosen to
be wilfully blind to Sundram’s status as an illegal immigrant, as there were
patently suspicious circumstances surrounding his employment. Nevertheless, he
allowed Sundram to continue working at Cairnhill Towers.

11 The judge found Pritam guilty of the charge and sentenced him to 18 months’
imprisonment. During the mitigation hearing, his counsel stated that Pritam’s
only mistake was “not to take steps to bring to notice of the employer when he
was shown the identity card and his failure to follow-up”. In her grounds of
decision, the judge stated that this sentence confirmed her finding that
Pritam was shown the identity card.

**The criminal motion**

12 Pritam appealed against the decision below. He also filed a criminal motion
to adduce further evidence on appeal. This motion was filed in order to
support two claims: that Charan – who appeared as a witness for the
prosecution – had given false evidence during the trial, and that the defence
counsel below had acted against his instructions when he told the court during
mitigation that Pritam had been shown the identity card.

13 The reception of fresh evidence during an appeal is governed by s 257(1) of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68), which reads:

In dealing with any appeal under this Chapter the High Court, if it thinks
additional evidence is necessary, may either take such evidence itself or
direct it to be taken by a District Court or Magistrate’s Court.

14 The reception of evidence under s 257(1) is subject to the three conditions
found in _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 3 All ER 745: non-availability, credibility
and relevance. After reviewing the evidence, I found that it did not satisfy
the criteria as it was not relevant to this appeal. I accordingly dismissed
the motion.

15 Pritam sought to adduce seven affidavits before this Court. The first five
affidavits related to Charan’s allegedly false testimony below. These
affidavits comprised the transcript of a conversation which took place on 2
May 2003.

16 Charan testified during the trial that he did not know Sundram, or anyone
named “Rakang Subramaniam” or “Ashok Karan”. Several months after the trial,
Pritam confronted Charan and demanded to know why he had lied in court. During
that conversation, Charan admitted that he did actually know who Sundram was.
What Charan did not know was that Pritam was carrying a tape recorder at that
time, and was surreptitiously recording their conversation with the intention
of adducing the transcript as evidence during this appeal.

17 If Charan gave false evidence during the trial below, he was liable for
perjury under s 191 and 193 of the Penal Code. That was a matter for
investigation by the appropriate authorities. However, I found that the
evidence obtained via Pritam’s amateur ‘sting’ operation was irrelevant to
this appeal because the judge had never relied on Charan’s evidence in the
first place. This was very clear from her grounds of decision in which she
stated:

I do not intend to examine the role of Charan Singh in TGS. My views are that
regardless of the role played by Charan during his employment in TGS, he did
not feature in TGS after he left on 28 February 2001.

18 The last two affidavits related to the mitigation plea presented by
Pritam’s counsel below. Both affidavits emphasised that Pritam was shocked by
his counsel’s admission that he had been shown the identity card, as such a
submission was contrary to his explicit instructions.

19 If Pritam’s counsel acted against his instructions below, he may have
failed to provide adequate professional services. This could eventually result
in disciplinary proceedings under s 75B and the Second Schedule to the Legal
Profession Act (Cap 161). However, the evidence relating to counsel’s lapse of
judgment was otherwise irrelevant to this appeal. The mitigation plea was made
only after the judge had found Pritam guilty, and was therefore irrelevant to
his appeal against conviction. There was nothing to suggest that the impugned
admission had any impact on the sentence imposed, and was thus also irrelevant
to his appeal against sentence.

20 During the appeal, Pritam’s counsel relied on _Chia Kah Boon v PP_ [1999] 4
SLR 72 to argue that fresh evidence may be adduced even if it fails the _Ladd
v Marshall_ test, as long as justice so requires. That was undeniably true.
However, the case of _Chia Kah Boon_ was very different from the present
appeal. In _Chia Kah Boon_ , the evidence did not meet the requirements of
_Ladd v Marshall_ because it was obtainable during the trial below. By
contrast, the evidence in the present appeal was simply irrelevant.

21 The court in _Chia Kah Boon_ emphasised that the exception to _Ladd v
Marshall_ was a narrow one which was warranted only by the most extenuating
circumstances: see _Chan Chun Yee v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 638. There were no
circumstances here which justified a departure from the rule in _Ladd v
Marshall_. Furthermore, it is settled law that irrelevant evidence may not be
adduced: s 5 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97).

**The appeal**

22 Pritam appealed on three grounds: first, that the judge erred in accepting
the evidence of the prosecution witnesses and in disbelieving the defence
witnesses; second, that the judge erred in calling for the defence at the
close of the prosecution’s case; third, that the sentence imposed was
manifestly excessive. I dismissed the appeal on all three grounds.

_The judge did not err in accepting the evidence of the prosecution witnesses_

23 After hearing the evidence of all the witnesses, the judge found that the
prosecution witnesses were truthful and that their evidence was credible. By
contrast, her observation of the defence witnesses led her to the following
conclusion:

I find that the defence witnesses had rehearsed their evidence such that their
evidence-in-chief synchronized. But, upon further questioning, their answers
diverged, revealing marked inconsistencies. They were also vague and lacked
logic. It was obvious that they were playing down the role of the Accused in
TGS.

24 An examination of the record of proceedings revealed no reason to disturb
the judge’s conclusion. This ground of appeal was without merit.

_The judge erred in finding that Pritam had been showed the identity card_

25 In her grounds of decision, the judge stated that Sundram had maintained
throughout the trial that he had shown the identity card to Pritam, and that
the latter had told him to keep it. She thus accepted that Sundram had shown
the identity card to Pritam. To bolster her finding, the judge relied on the
statements made by Pritam's counsel during mitigation. On appeal, Pritam
argued that the judge had erred in making this finding of fact.

26 It is true that a lower court’s findings of fact should not be lightly
disturbed: _Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713. However, I found that the
evidence in this case did not entitle the judge to conclude that Pritam had
been shown the identity card. Throughout the proceedings below, Pritam had
adamantly stated that he was not shown the identity card. More importantly,
Sundram himself did not maintain that he had shown the identity card to
Pritam. His only reference to having done so was in the following exchange
during cross-examination:

Q: Refer to P3 – Q & A 18 – did Pritam Singh say those last words in Q18
answer – “there won’t be any problem”?

A: He did say those words.

…

Q: This statement was made on 14 March 2002, when were these five words
uttered to you by Pritam Singh?

A: _When I showed the identity card to him_. I can’t remember the date.
[emphasis added]

27 There was no other mention of Sundram having shown Pritam the identity
card. A perusal of the evidence revealed that Sundram had consistently
maintained that he had told Pritam about the identity card. Except for the
passage reproduced above, he never claimed to have physically displayed the
identity card to Pritam.

28 Under these circumstances, the judge was not entitled to find that Pritam
had been shown the identity card. Moreover, she should not have relied on
statements made during mitigation to confirm facts which were disputed during
the trial. An appellate court is entitled to overturn a trial judge’s finding
of fact if its assessment of the facts is not based on the demeanour of the
witnesses, but on inferences drawn from the evidence as a whole: _PP v Choo
Thiam Hock & others_ [1994] 3 SLR 248. I allowed the appeal on this point, and
found that Sundram had merely told Pritam that he was in possession of the
identity card.

_The fact that Sundram had verbally informed Pritam of the identity card did
not make the conviction unsound_

29 The law on abetting the employment of an illegal immigrant by intentional
aiding was settled in _Loh Kim Lan_ _& another v PP_ [2001] 1 SLR 552. In that
case, the court held that the required _mens rea_ was a dominant intention to
assist the employer in committing the offence of employing illegal workers,
with knowledge of the circumstances constituting that offence.

30 In the present appeal, Pritam did not dispute that the _actus reus_ of the
offence was made out. Instead, he argued that the judge’s error made his
conviction unsound as he did not have the requisite _mens rea_. He claimed
that there was a “vast difference” between Sundram having shown him the
identity card, and Sundram having told him that the card belonged to someone
else. This was because the judge stated in her grounds of decision that Pritam
must have known of Sundram’s illegal status because the photograph on the
identity card bore no resemblance to Sundram himself.

31 I did not accept this argument. There were in fact several factors which
the judge took into account when she found that Pritam must have known of
Sundram’s illegal status. None of these factors were affected by her erroneous
finding of fact. For example, the judge noted that, when Pritam handled
Sundram’s salary vouchers, he must have realised that the vouchers showed no
deductions for Central Provident Fund contributions or for the foreign
workers’ levy. That meant that Sundram was neither a Singapore citizen nor a
work permit holder. The judge also found that Pritam knew of TGSA’s
application to the Licensing Division of the Police Force seeking approval for
Sundram to be employed as a security guard in June 2001, and he knew that the
application had been rejected. Furthermore, Sundram spoke with a fairly
obvious accent, and had expressly told Pritam that he was in possession of
another person’s identity card.

32 These were all patently suspicious circumstances which the judge relied on
when she held that Pritam must have known of Sundram’s illegal status. These
circumstances were independent of the allegation that Sundram had shown the
identity card to Pritam. Therefore, even taking the judge’s erroneous finding
of fact into account, I found no reason to disturb her conclusion that Pritam
did have the requisite _mens rea_ for the offence.

33 During oral submissions, Pritam’s counsel argued that the requisite _mens
rea_ was a dominant intention to assist the employer, and did not focus on the
issue of knowledge. This argument was misconceived. The case law clearly shows
that the requisite _mens rea_ is whether the accused had knowledge of the
circumstances constituting the offence. The question of ‘dominant intention’
only arises where there is a dispute over whom the accused had actually
abetted. This was seen in _Daw Aye Aye Mu v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 64, where the
High Court held that whether the accused had aided the employer or the illegal
immigrant would depend on his dominant intention at the time that he did the
act which led to the illegal immigrant’s employment.

_The judge did not err in calling for the defence_

34 Pritam argued that the judge should not have called for his defence. His
main contention was that Sundram was not a credible witness, and that his
evidence could not be believed because it was often inconsistent. As Sundram
was the main prosecution witness, the unreliable nature of his evidence meant
that the prosecution had failed to discharge its burden at the close of its
case. In support of this argument, Pritam outlined in great detail the
discrepancies in Sundram’s evidence.

35 I agreed that Sundram gave inconsistent evidence on the following matters:

a The date on which he was given the identity card;

b The date on which he started work at Cairnhill Towers;

c The date on which he told Pritam that he was holding on to another person’s
identity card;

d Whether he had any previous jobs before working at Cairnhill Towers;

e Why he went by the fictitious name of “Ashok Karan”;

f Whether he had signed all the payment vouchers which were made out to him;
and

g Whether he had entered Singapore with a valid passport or visa.

36 However, I found no merit to the allegation that Sundram was an unreliable
witness merely because his evidence was not perfect. His discrepancies related
to minor details which were not crucial to this appeal. It was unequivocally
stated in _PP v Annamalai Pillai Jayanthi_ [1998] 2 SLR 165 that:

Nevertheless, _the mere presence of several discrepancies in the prosecution`s
case cannot, per se, render its case manifestly unreliable_. It is incumbent
upon the trial judge to consider whether the inconsistencies are sufficiently
fundamental to nullify that part of the evidence which supports the charge.
[emphasis added]

37 I found no reason to disturb the judge’s decision to call for the defence.
In her grounds of decision, she concluded that Sundram was a truthful witness
after she had observed his demeanour in court. Due weight should be accorded
to a trial judge’s assessment of a witness’ credibility based on demeanour in
court: _Jimina Jacee d/o C D Athananasius v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR 205.

38 Despite the inconsistencies in his evidence, Sundram had never wavered on
three points: he had told Pritam that he was in possession of a Singapore
identity card; he had informed Pritam that the card did not belong to him; and
it was Pritam who paid him his salary. If unrebutted, these three points would
establish each essential element of the offence. As I agreed with the judge
that Sundram was a credible witness, I could not fault her decision to call on
Pritam for his defence, as required by the principles outlined in _Haw Tua Tau
& another v PP_ [1980–81] SLR 73.

_Pritam remained liable for abetment even though Sukdev was given a discharge
not amounting to an acquittal_

39 In his submissions, Pritam called it “remarkable” that he was charged for
abetting Sukdev in employing Sundram, even though Sukdev was given a discharge
not amounting to an acquittal. There was no merit to this assertion. There is
no need for the principal to have been convicted prior to the abettor in order
that the latter may be found liable for aiding him: _Ong Ah Yeo Yenna v PP_
[1993] 2 SLR 73. After all, the verdicts against an abettor and his principal
are not interdependent – the conviction of either party turns on the evidence
against him, which may be different from that admitted against the other
party: see _Govindarajulu and another v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 838.

**The sentence was not manifestly excessive**

40 There was no reason to disturb the sentence imposed by the judge. The
benchmark sentence for cases which go to trial under s 57 of the Immigration
Act has been set at 12 months: _Soh Lip Hwa v PP_ [2001] 4 SLR 198. The
sentence for abetting an offence is the same as if the abettor was charged for
the offence itself: s 109 of the Penal Code.

41 Pritam had a previous conviction under s 57 of the Immigration Act, for
which he was sentenced to eight months’ imprisonment. As a repeat offender, it
could not be said that his sentence of 18 months (a mere six months above the
benchmark) was manifestly excessive.

_Motion and appeal dismissed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Jul 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

