Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Rusli Bin Sembayang v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGCA 11

Case Number | : | Cr App 16/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 March 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Judith Prakash J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Amolat Singh (Amolat & Partners), Lim Swee Tee (Lim Swee Tee & Co) for the Appellant; Lim Yew Jin, Tan Wee Soon (DPP's) for the Respondent   
Parties | : |  Rusli Bin Sembayang — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Controlled drugs – Trafficking – Accused claimed that the drugs
belonged to another person – Failure to provide any details of alleged owner
of the drugs – Whether the accused was a trafficker  
  
Criminal Law – Controlled drugs – Trafficking – Possession – Accused admitted
to throwing white plastic bag and slabs of drugs outside flat – White plastic
bag and bundles containing drugs recovered from ground floor of accusedÂ’s
flat – Whether prosecution had proved possession of drugs by accused beyond
reasonable doubt  
  
Evidence – Confession – Confession retracted – Inconsistency between
confessions and evidence at trial – No good explanation offered – Whether
accused may be convicted solely on the strength of his retracted confession  
  

**_Delivered by Yong Pung How CJ_ **

1 The appellant, Rusli bin Sembayang, was a 44 year old Singaporean. He was
tried and convicted on the following charge:

That you, RUSLI BIN SEMBAYANG, are charged that on or about the 11th day of
April 2002, at about 1.20 am, at Blk 125 Hougang Avenue 1 #07-1476, Singapore,
did traffic in a controlled drug specified in Class "A" of the First Schedule
to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to wit, by having in your possession
for the purpose of trafficking, 1100.2 grams of cannabis, without any
authorisation under the said Act or the regulations made thereunder, and you
have thereby committed an offence under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2)
of the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, and punishable under section 33 of
the Misuse of Drugs Act.  

Rusli also faced a second charge of trafficking in 959.31 grams of cannabis
resin which was stood down during the trial below.

2 On 11 April 2002, police and Central Narcotics Bureau officers arrived at
Rusli’s flat at Block 125, Hougang Avenue 1. The officers identified
themselves and demanded entry into the flat. The officers saw Rusli briefly
emerge from the master bedroom. He did not open the door. Instead, he simply
muttered an apology to the officers and retreated back into the master
bedroom.

3 Rusli was then seen climbing down the side of the block by one of the
officers stationed at the scene. When Rusli reached the ground floor, he was
approached by that officer who identified himself and told him to stop. Rusli
promptly ran away and managed to board a taxi. After a chase and some
resistance, he was eventually apprehended at Geylang Serai.

4 The officers found a white plastic bag at the ground floor of Rusli’s block.
Inside the plastic bag were a brown slab of drugs and a broken paper cutter.
Three other slabs and a square block of drugs were found lying nearby. The
officers also recovered portions of a broken mobile phone. Analysis showed
that the packages of drugs recovered contained a total of 1100.2 grams of
cannabis. Loose fragments of cannabis and records of drug transactions were
also found inside Rusli’s flat.

5 Several statements were recorded from Rusli following his arrest. The
voluntariness of these statements was not challenged. In these statements,
Rusli claimed that the drugs belonged to a friend of his named ‘Ahmad’. He
claimed that Ahmad was a known cannabis trafficker who had brought the drugs
to the flat. In his statements, Rusli admitted that he had previously assisted
Ahmad in cutting, weighing and packing slabs of cannabis. Rusli also claimed
that he did not know that Ahmad had brought such a large quantity of drugs
into his flat until the day of his arrest.

6 Rusli’s version of events was that Ahmad was physically present in the flat
when the officers first arrived. He alleged that Ahmad had climbed out of the
window upon realising that a raid was in progress, but the officer stationed
at the foot of the block had somehow failed to notice him. Rusli further
alleged that only after Ahmad had climbed out of the window did he realise
such a large quantity of drugs had been left in his flat. In a fit of panic,
he grabbed Ahmad’s drugs and threw them out of the flat’s window.

7 The prosecution’s case was that Rusli was in possession of the cannabis for
the purpose of trafficking, and that he was in the process of packing the
drugs when the officers arrived at his flat. He threw out the evidence of his
trafficking activities, which were the items subsequently found on the ground
floor. Rusli then climbed out of the window, hoping to escape. When finally
arrested, he concocted a fictitious character named Ahmad in order to rebut
the presumption that his possession of the cannabis was for the purpose of
trafficking.

8 During the trial below, Rusli attempted to retract most of the incriminating
portions of his earlier statements. He did not retract the portions of his
statements which alleged that the drugs belonged to Ahmad.

**The decision below**

9 The trial judge held that Rusli’s account of Ahmad’s presence and escape
from the flat was pure fabrication. The evidence showed that Ahmad was nothing
more than a fictitious character. The trial judge noted that Rusli was unable
to provide the address, contact number or whereabouts of Ahmad. This severely
damaged the credibility of his story, since he claimed that Ahmad was a
childhood friend and had been a frequent visitor to his flat.

10 In addition, the trial judge held that there was compelling evidence that
Rusli was involved in the trafficking of cannabis. In his statements, Rusli
had repeatedly referred to the cutting, weighing and packing of cannabis. The
evidence seized during the arrest showed that Rusli had notes of the price of
the drugs, records of sales transactions and even a specific code word for
cannabis. The trial judge also found Rusli’s retraction of his incriminating
statements to be an afterthought, and noted that the court was entitled to
convict him on the strength of his retracted confessions as long as it was
satisfied as to the truth of the retracted portions.

11 The trial judge thus held that the prosecution had proved its case beyond a
reasonable doubt, and Rusli had not, on a balance of probabilities, rebutted
the presumption under the Misuse of Drugs Act that the cannabis found in his
possession was for the purpose of trafficking. Under s 17 of the Act, a person
is presumed to be a trafficker if he has in his possession more than 15 grams
of cannabis. In the present case, Rusli had in his possession more than 1000
grams of cannabis, which clearly brought the presumption into operation. Rusli
had failed to establish his defence as he was unable to prove the existence of
Ahmad. He was consequently found guilty and sentenced to death under s 33 of
the Act.

**Issues arising on appeal**

12 The main issue before us was whether the trial judge had erred in holding
that Ahmad was merely a fictitious character. The other issues arising on
appeal were whether the trial judge had erred in finding that Rusli was in
possession of the cannabis in question, and whether there was any error in the
trial judge’s rejection of Rusli’s attempt to retract the incriminating
portions of his statements. We dismissed the appeal, and now give our reasons.

_The existence of Ahmad_

13 Rusli’s entire defence revolved around the existence of Ahmad. His sole
rebuttal to the presumption of trafficking was that the drugs did not belong
to him. Counsel for the appellant in fact characterised the appeal in the
following terms: if Ahmad exists, that makes up the defence; but if that
fails, the entire defence crumbles.

14 In the court below, the trial judge was not impressed by Rusli’s defence,
and unequivocally rejected his version of events:

In my finding, the accused’s accounts as to the existence as well as the
presence of Ahmad at his flat were entirely unconvincing. The defence of the
accused that the drugs belonged to someone else and not to him was, in my
determination, a complete fabrication.

15 We saw no reason to disturb the trial judge’s decision on this point. In
our view, the trial judge could not be faulted for holding that Ahmad was
nothing more than a fictitious character.

16 Rusli had portrayed the relationship between Ahmad and himself as a close
one. Ahmad was allegedly a childhood friend whom he had grown up with in
Geylang, and who had in the past year been a regular visitor to the flat.
Rusli also testified that he had previously helped Ahmad in the preparation of
cannabis, and had kept business records of Ahmad’s drug transactions.

17 Given their allegedly close relationship, we found it inconceivable that
Rusli was unable to furnish any of Ahmad’s details or particulars. In fact,
Rusli repeatedly stated that he had no evidence to prove Ahmad’s existence. In
his statement recorded on 16 April 2002, Rusli stated:

_I do not have anything to show (Ahmad) exists. I do not know his family. I do
not have any photos of him. I do not know where he works or what he does … I
am not able to give any particulars of any real existing person who knows
Ahmad. (emphasis added)_

18 In his statement recorded on 22 May 2002, Rusli stated:

I have nothing to show that Ahmad exists except for his slippers which are
there. I cannot remember what the slippers look like … _I do not have anything
to prove that Ahmad exists_. No telephone numbers, no photograph, nothing. I
have no way of reaching him. (emphasis added)

19 This inability to provide Ahmad’s details was particularly incredible in
light of the fact that Ahmad’s existence was the entire foundation of Rusli’s
defence to a capital charge. This inexplicable failure to provide any details
led us inexorably to the same conclusion reached by the trial judge: Ahmad
simply did not exist.

20 Rusli did attempt to explain his ignorance. He argued that his inability to
provide particulars was a natural consequence of Ahmad’s involvement in
illegal drug-related activities. As a drug trafficker, Ahmad would not divulge
his personal details to anyone, in order to reduce the risk of his being
traced by the authorities.

21 Ultimately, we found this argument to be without merit. It failed to
account for Rusli’s own evidence that he was actively involved in Ahmad’s drug
activities. In his statements, Rusli claimed to have kept records of Ahmad’s
drug transactions, assisted in the packing of the drugs, and even allowed his
flat to be used for drug-related activities. His relationship with Ahmad was
far more than that of a casual friend – it was akin to that of a business
partner or an accomplice. Under such circumstances, we found it implausible
that Ahmad would not provide Rusli with at least some means of contacting him,
especially for business purposes. We found it equally implausible that Rusli
could remain so blatantly ignorant of Ahmad’s particulars even after their
prolonged interaction in both social and business contexts.

22 We found no merit in Rusli’s argument that the officer concerned had failed
to see Ahmad climbing down the block and running away, and that the trial
judge had thus erred in giving no weight to his account of Ahmad’s escape. We
agreed with the trial judge that Ahmad was a mere fabrication. It would thus
be ludicrous to suggest that the trial judge had erred when he gave no weight
to the account of an imaginary person’s escape from the flat.

23 We also noted that Rusli did not mention Ahmad’s presence or escape to the
officers when he was questioned immediately after his arrest. Rusli had been
given ample opportunity to inform the questioning officers that the drugs in
his flat belonged to Ahmad, but he chose not to do so. In fact, his first
reference to Ahmad was in a statement recorded on 16 April 2002, five days
after his arrest. The trial judge held that, if indeed Ahmad was present on
the day of Rusli’s arrest, he would have mentioned this fact at the very first
opportunity. Rusli’s explanation for this glaring omission was that no officer
had asked him specifically about Ahmad. In our opinion, this explanation was
patently unsatisfactory. We accordingly held that there was no reason to
disturb the trial judge’s finding on this point.

24 Rusli’s inability to prove that Ahmad was an actual person was fatal to his
defence that the drugs in his possession belonged to someone else. We
accordingly held that Rusli had failed to rebut the presumption that his
possession of the cannabis was for the purpose of trafficking. The appeal was
dismissed on this ground.

**Rusli’s admission of possession of the drugs**

25 Rusli also appealed against the trial judge’s finding that he was in
possession of the drugs found at the bottom of the flat. The trial judge
relied on an admission made in a previous statement in which Rusli said:

_I admitted that the cannabis found below was mine but I was not in a proper
frame of mind … I feel that there was some paranormal influence on me.
(emphasis added)_

26 During the trial, Rusli retracted this portion of his statement and claimed
that he had never made any such admission. He made no attempt to explain the
nature of the "paranormal influence" that was affecting him, nor did he
explain why this allegedly false admission had appeared in his statement. The
trial judge disregarded Rusli’s retraction, and held that his admission of
ownership was a convincing piece of evidence which showed that he was in
possession of the cannabis. We saw no reason to disturb the finding of the
trial judge.

27 In any case, we saw absolutely no merit in the allegation that Rusli was
not in possession of the drugs in question. It was not disputed that the white
plastic bag and the packets of drugs were found on the ground floor of the
block, and were not found inside Rusli’s flat or on his person. However, it
was similarly not disputed that it was Rusli who had thrown these items out of
his flat’s window.  

28 The case of _Lim Swee Seng v Public Prosecutor[1995] 1 SLR 425_ was
instructive on this point. In _Lim Swee Seng_ , the appellant had also thrown
a white plastic bag containing drugs out of a window. The bag was subsequently
recovered from a grass patch below the balcony of the flat. The appellant in
that case had also admitted in a previous statement that he had thrown the
items out of his flat. The Court of Appeal upheld the trial judge’s decision
that the evidence was sufficient to prove the element of possession. In our
opinion, the case law fully supported the trial judge’s finding that Rusli was
proved to be in possession of the drugs which formed the subject matter of the
present charge.

29 Moreover, Rusli’s argument on possession was premised entirely on his
allegation that the drugs belonged to Ahmad, and that he had merely discarded
them in a state of panic. In our opinion, this argument lost all semblance of
credibility in light of the trial judge’s finding that Ahmad did not exist in
the first place.

_The trial judge’s rejection of Rusli’s attempts to retract the incriminating
portions of his statements_

30 In court, Rusli attempted to retract those portions of his statements which
suggested that he had been a trafficker in cannabis. He denied telling the
recording officer that he had helped Ahmad pack, weigh and store the cannabis.
He also denied saying that he had helped Ahmad sell cannabis by keeping
accounts of the transactions and actively seeking out potential buyers. The
trial judge characterised Rusli’s retraction of the incriminating portions of
his statements as "pure afterthoughts", and held that the retracted portions
reflected the truth of the events narrated.

31 Rusli took issue with the trial judge’s characterisation, and argued that
it was unfair to call his retractions "afterthoughts" merely because he sought
to retract only the incriminating portions of his statements. We saw no merit
in this argument. In our opinion, Rusli misunderstood the trial judge’s
decision. The trial judge did not reject the retractions merely because he
considered them to be "afterthoughts". Rusli’s attempt to disown his
incriminating statements was unsuccessful because the trial judge was
convinced that those incriminating statements reflected the truth of the
events – save, of course, for the fabrication of Ahmad’s existence. He held
that the retracted statements gave a convincing and consistent account of
Rusli’s trafficking activities. In doing so, the trial judge made it clear
that he had come to this decision after reviewing all the evidence before him.

32 It is settled law that an accused’s retraction of his confession does not
prevent that confession from being relied on to convict him if the judge
believes that it represents the truth. The law applicable to retracted
confessions was clearly stated by the Malayan Union Court of Appeal in the
case of _Yap Sow Keong v PP[1947] MLJ 90_ and was subsequently upheld by the
Court of Appeal in cases such as _Ismail bin UK Abdul Rahman v PP[1972-1974]
SLR 232_ and _Thongthot Yordsa-Art & Anor v Public Prosecutor [2002] 4 SLR
161_:

In our view the law as to the admissibility of retracted confessions in
evidence is clear, and put shortly it is that an accused person can be
convicted on his own confession, even when it is retracted, if the court is
satisfied of its truth. We do not agree with those Indian decisions which lay
down that before a person can be convicted on his retracted confession there
must be corroborative evidence to support it.  

**Conclusion**

33 For the reasons given above, we dismissed the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Mar 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

