Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Vellasamy Lakshimi v Muthusamy Suppiah David  
[2003] SGHC 75

Case Number | : | Suit 946/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  V. Ramakrishnan (V. Ramakrishnan & Co) for the plaintiffs; R. Narayanan and Zaminder Gill (Hilborne & Co) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Vellasamy Lakshimi — Muthusamy Suppiah David   
  
Equity – Fraud – Undue influence – Whether the plaintiff had discharged her
burden of proof in alleging fraud – Whether the plaintiff had adduced
sufficient evidence to prove that the defendant had exerted undue influence on
her.  
  
Evidence – Onus of proof – Whether the burden of proof to prove undue
influence lies on the defendant.  
  

1 The plaintiff, aged 73, is the widow of Veerappan Muthusamy who had
purchased an Housing and Development Board ('HDB') flat at Block 545 Ang Mo
Kio Avenue 10 together with one of his sons, Muthusamy Krishnan. Krishnan died
in October 1991. The flat devolved to Muthusamy (the father) as sole owner.
Muthusamy died, intestate, shortly after, in December 1991 and under the
intestacy law the plaintiff as widow was entitled to a half share of the flat,
and her children to the other half equally. She had two sons and two daughters
who were so entitled to the half share. They were M Subramaniam (the eldest
son), M David Suppiah (the defendant), M. Thanapakiam the elder of two
daughters, and M. Krishnavani, the youngest child and daughter.

2 This suit was brought by the plaintiff against the defendant alleging that
he had deceived her, in her capacity as administratrix, into selling the
entire flat to him for $240,000. And secondly, for misappropriating, by
deceit, monies in various bank accounts in which the plaintiff was a joint
account holder together with either Thanapakiam, Krishnavani, or her deceased
husband. The monies in these accounts came to a sum of $249,178.69.

3 The plaintiff's claim in respect of the flat was presented as follows.
Letters of Administration over her husband's estate were granted to her in
1992. The only assets were the flat (then valued at $140,000) and $65.62 in a
bank account held by the deceased husband. The plaintiff alleged in her
affidavit of evidence-in-chief that she was illiterate, and on that account,
the defendant deceived her into transferring the flat to him for a
consideration of $240,000. She alleged that the trickery was carried out by
the defendant falsely telling her that the transfer document was actually a
transfer by the estate to herself. She, therefore, consented to impress her
thumb print on the transfer document. She maintained that she did not know
what the true nature of the transaction was and neither did she consult any of
the other beneficiaries. It was also her case that she did not know that she
had a joint account with the defendant.

4 On 12 January 1994 the HDB handed a cheque for $240,000 to the plaintiff
which the plaintiff said was deposited into a joint account in the names of
the plaintiff and the defendant. From that account the defendant drew out
cheques in favour of all his siblings in the sum of $30,000 each. These
payments represented the respective entitlement of the family to the assets of
Veerappan Muthusamy, deceased. However, the plaintiff then alleged in her
affidavit that the defendant did not pay to her any part of the sum $120,000
being her half share.

5 The plaintiff's claim in respect of the monies in the joint accounts was
particularised as follows. First, a $85,000 fixed deposit account in the joint
names of the plaintiff and Krishnavani with the Standard Chartered Bank;
secondly, $5,000 in the fixed deposit account in the joint names of the
plaintiff and Thanapakiam; thirdly, $60,000 in a savings account in the joint
names of the plaintiff and Krishnavani; fourthly, $15,614.04 and interest of
$356.19 in a fixed deposit account in the joint names of the plaintiff and her
deceased husband; fifthly, $40,000 in either a fixed deposit account or
savings account in the joint names of the plaintiff and her deceased husband,
sixthly, $23,189.89 being the money in the deceased husband's account with the
Central Provident Fund Board which was withdrawn and deposited into a Standard
Chartered Bank savings account; and finally, arrears of $2,888 from her
deceased husband's pension fund as well as monthly payments of $359.64. She
alleged that the defendant took all these monies and paid her $300 every two
months from the monthly pension fund. According to the plaintiff, the method
of deceit was identical to that used when the defendant tricked her into
pressing her thumb print on the transfer document in respect of the flat.

6 These then, were the allegations; and being allegations of fraud, deceit,
and trickery, they require strong proof. What evidence did the plaintiff
adduced? The question was pertinent, but the answer was discouraging. I think
that it is appropriate at this point to mention some unchallenged facts for an
expansion of the context, and include some perspectives from the defendant's
case. The defendant was at the material times the only unmarried child of the
plaintiff. The others were married and lived with their respective families
elsewhere. The plaintiff lived in the same flat as the defendant until 1999.
The other siblings, including Krishnavani with whom the plaintiff now lives,
do not dispute that they were paid $30,000 being their share of the proceeds
of the flat. Only Krishnavani denies any family arrangement to sell the flat
to the defendant and share out the proceeds among themselves and the plaintiff
after the sale. The eldest brother, Subramaniam testified that the plaintiff
did not agree to have the flat sold in the open market because she wanted to
continue living there. Since the defendant was single and had at that time no
intention of getting married, the family then agreed to sell the flat to him
for $240,000 so that the asset of the estate could be shared out and the
plaintiff can still continue to live there and be cared for by the defendant.
This arrangement found unanimous favour. Thus the flat was transferred and the
proceeds shared out accordingly in 1994. Thereafter, plaintiff continued to
live in the flat with the defendant until he got married on 17 July 1999. The
plaintiff then went to live with Krishnavani. Notice of the claims as set out
in this suit was only given to the defendant through a solicitor's letter
dated 17 August 1999.

7 The only evidence tendered on behalf of the plaintiff was her own oral
evidence that she had no knowledge what the transactions were about, and in
respect of the flat, her oral evidence that the defendant lied to her that the
transfer was from the estate to herself. Mr. V Ramakrishnan, counsel for the
plaintiff, had from the start of the case cast the plaintiff as an unlettered,
old woman cheated and bullied by a scheming and greedy son. That was the
theme. If fraud and deceit are proved, the wrong must be corrected; the
stolen, retrieved; and the injured, compensated. That would be so whether the
plaintiff was a fit, robust, and educated woman, or an old and unschooled one.
It is proof that sculptures the verdict of a court - not feelings of sympathy
and benevolence that age and ignorance so readily draws to its side, for the
court must act upon reason. And reason demands proof.

8 So far as the flat is concerned, aside from the assertions of the plaintiff,
the evidence and circumstances are in favour of the defendant. The letters of
administration were granted in 1994 to the plaintiff, a woman of no education,
whose grown children knew that she was the legal owner of the flat. All of
them, including the estranged sister Krishnavani, acknowledged that they had
received their share of the proceeds of sale. It was plainly not the
plaintiff's case that she was tricked into selling the flat in a conspiracy of
her children. That being so, I must infer that none of them told her that they
had received their share. I must also infer that the children believed that
the plaintiff and the defendant came to the agreement to sell the flat without
consulting them; or that the defendant had cheated the plaintiff into selling
it and they had no idea that that was what happened. That was not the evidence
and I cannot draw any such inference. The picture that forms readily from the
evidence before me was that as declared by the defendant in his affidavit and
supported by his elder brother and sister in their affidavits, namely that the
decision to sell the flat to the defendant was made by the family as a whole,
including the plaintiff.

9 The solitary line repeatedly recited by Mr. Ramakrishnan was that the
plaintiff affixed her thumb print on the transfer document without being told
the true nature of the document nor the transaction it embodied. But Mdm
Allwiyah Binte Suib a senior estates officer with the HDB testified that the
procedure and requirements of the resale of the flat would normally have been
explained to the parties by the attending officer. There were at least two
officers who attended to the parties in this case. One was a Mr. Poh and the
other was Mdm. Allwiyah Binte Suib herself. The plaintiff's thumb print,
together with the defendant's signature, were endorsed in various documents
relating to the transaction. Nonetheless, the plaintiff insisted that the
transaction was not explained to her. I accept Mdm. Allwiyah's evidence and
believed that she had explained or at the very least informed the plaintiff
sufficiently for her to realise that the transaction was a sale of the flat.
Even if Mr. Poh (who was not called to testify) did not have the transaction
explained to the plaintiff, it would be a serious breach of procedure for a
second officer (and perhaps even a third) from the HDB to have completed the
transaction from application to payment without ascertaining that the seller
knows what she was doing. The burden of proof is on the plaintiff and I do not
think that she had discharged that burden. Her failure to discredit Mdm
Allwiyah or the HDB must be considered together with the positive evidence of
the defendant and his siblings, Subramaniam and Thanapakiam. I find all three
to be reliable witnesses. Thanapakiam impressed me as a very honest witness.
Mr. Ramakrishnan pointed to her evidence in court in saying that she remembers
only one family meeting, thereby contradicting her affidavit of evidence-in-
chief where she repeated her brother's affidavit in saying that there were two
meetings, one in 1993 and the other in 1994. On the contrary, it was her
constancy and manner in which she maintained that she could only remember one
meeting that underlines the sincerity of her oral testimony. She could have
changed her testimony when the discrepancy was pointed out to her, but she
seemed bewildered by the written reference to two meetings, and stood firm in
respect of her recollection.

10 If I am to accept the plaintiff's assertion - and she has only one - that
she did not know what she was doing when she affixed her thumb print on the
transfer document, then I must also accept that she did not know what a cheque
looks like or what it is. The HDB officer affirmed that the cheque of $240,000
would have to be handed to the seller after checking her identity card and
obtaining her signature (in this case, her thumb print). I do not think that
this plaintiff would not have recognise a cheque, especially one with such
large figures, without asking either the officer or the defendant or any of
her other children what it was about. So far as the sale of the flat is
concerned, I am of the view that the plaintiff had failed utterly to prove her
case.

11 I now turn to the alleged withdrawals of money from the various joint
accounts. The only withdrawal of money admitted by the defendant was that from
the joint account in the Standard Chartered Bank in the names of the plaintiff
and the defendant. This was the account in which the $240,000 proceeds from
the sale of the flat was first paid into. When the plaintiff gave instructions
to pay out the respective shares to her children, the defendant withdrew
$100,000 and paid that into his personal account and from there issued cheques
in payment to his siblings for their shares. Into this account was also
deposited a sum of $60,000 which the plaintiff had withdrawn from the joint
account she had with Krishnavani. Mr. Ramakrishnan's main argument in support
of his submission that the defendant had withdrawn the money by deceit was
that the defendant, being a technical officer earning less than $3,000 a
month, could hardly have the means to purchase a $114,000 car which the
defendant here did. The flaw in that argument is connecting withdrawal in
itself with the notion of withdrawal by deceit.

12 Once again, the plaintiff's story was that she was asked to put her thumb
print on the withdrawal forms without knowing or being told what that was for.
At one point under cross-examination, the plaintiff, who had hitherto alleged
fraud, trickery and deceit, had not particularised how that was carried out,
said, that on three occasions the defendant made her put her thumb print on
the withdrawal forms at home. The plaintiff's case was that there was
withdrawal of money by the defendant deceitfully, and all money was withdrawn
at the bank. There was no evidence from any of the banks that they condone
such practice, especially in respect of accounts of the illiterate old. I am
sceptical, but in any event, the burden of proof is on the plaintiff. In the
absence of any evidence to support this implausible assertion, and the other
evidence of the case taken in totality, I find that the plaintiff had failed
to prove her case.

13 I should add that the defendant does not dispute that he had used money
from that account. But he says that it was used with the knowledge and consent
of the plaintiff. It must not be forgotten that this was a joint account. It
was not an account in the name of the plaintiff alone; and even in that kind
of situation, it does not follow that when a withdrawal was effected by the
plaintiff (affixing her thumb print to the withdrawal form) and given to (or
taken by) the defendant, fraud must be suspected without more. It has been the
defendant's case consistently that all the money that was given to him by his
mother were money given freely and willingly. He and his older siblings
testified that all that had taken place when the defendant, then a bachelor
was singularly looking after his mother. The defendant, his elder brother,
Subramaniam and sister Thanapakiam all impressed me as reliable and honest
witnesses. I have reservations about Krishnavani. Even the plaintiff’s motives
are suspect and unreliable. In an unguarded moment, she declared under cross-
examination, that 'My previous intention was to divide my property equally but
now I am of the view that whoever looks after me and takes care of me I would
give my property to them’. When asked, 'And that would be Krishnavani?', she
replied, 'Yes. All the other children are cheating me. Only Krishnavani cares
for me. So I will give it to her.' There was no basis or proof as to how the
other children had cheated her. This outburst from the plaintiff belies the
truth, namely that she had switched the fondness she once had for the
defendant, to Krishnavani and wants to reward her accordingly. Furthermore,
after ensuring that the impression to be left with the court is that she had
no inkling as to how money was taken from her accounts, the plaintiff declared
that she had once loaned $10,000 to Thanapakiam. I think that the plaintiff is
more savvy than her counsel wants me to believe.

14 Mr Ramakrishnan referred to the case of _Daing Soharah bte Daing Tadaleh v
Chabak bte Lasaliho_ (1927) PCC 265 for the proposition that the burden of
proof is on the donee to show that there was no undue influence. Hence, he
submitted that this burden fell on the defendant and that he did not succeed
in discharging it. This is a fine example of how not to cite a case in
counsel's closing submission. Mr. Ramakrishnan cited it, and relied on it for
what appears, in the brief form cited. But it appears to be a doubtful
authority. If counsel does not refer to the full and crucial facts (as Mr.
Ramakrishnan did not in this case) then he is obliged to produce the case in
full. Instead, all that was produced was a single paragraph excerpt of the
proposition from a local textbook. The citation of that case was eventually
traced to a report from a Malaysian casebook in which the case was reported
but we are not told if it was a full and complete report. More importantly,
the case number was not given and the only information there was that it was
an appeal from a decision of the Supreme Court Of the Straits Settlements. I
am not bound to examine, let alone follow a case whose origin cannot be
established; but in any event, it is at once clear that that case dealt with a
donee of a power of attorney who benefited himself at the expense of the
donors. Factually so different that no reliance can be placed on it.

15 In this case, if any presumption is to be applied, it is the presumption of
a gift by the parent to her child. If the plaintiff wishes to say that on the
facts, the reverse is true, namely that the child was the one who had the
power to exercise undue influence on his mother, then the burden is on the
parent. I have been shown no evidence that supports any contention that the
defendant had exerted undue influence on the plaintiff. Looking after her
alone is no evidence for that would have applied equally to Krishnavani
presently, whom the defendant says was instigating his mother to sue him.
There is an abundance of authority that establishes that whenever fraud or
deceit is alleged, a high degree of proof is required on he who asserts _.
Intersiff Schiffahrtsagentur GMBH v Southern Star Shipping & Trading Pte Ltd_
[1982-83] SLR 322 is one. There are equally, a wealth of authority for the
proposition that undue influence must be particularised and proved. These
cases include _Rajabali Jumabhoy v Ameerali R Jumabhoy_ [1997] 3 SLR 802, 855,
and _Lim Geok Hian v Lim Guan Chin_ [1994] 1 SLR 203, 216. The plaintiff's
pleadings and her evidence fall short on every count. On the other hand, the
evidence of the defendant and the two neutral siblings have convinced me that
the plaintiff's case is unreliable.

For the reasons above, the plaintiff's case is dismissed. No costs may be
awarded against her, however because the plaintiff is legally aided.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

