Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wee Soon Kim Anthony v UBS AG (No 2)  
[2003] SGHC 125

Case Number | : | Suit 834/2001, SIC 2632/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 June 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Chor Pee (Lim Chor Pee & Partners) for the Plaintiff; M Rani (Lim Chor Pee & Partners) for the Plaintiff; Hri Kumar (Drew & Napier LLC) for the Defendant   
Parties | : |  Wee Soon Kim Anthony — UBS AG (No 2)   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Amendment – Amendment of Statement of Claim in
course of trial – Responsibility of counsel with emphasis on efficient conduct
and disposal of cases  
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Amendment – Plaintiff seeking to amend Statement
of Claim in course of trial – Whether new facts were raised and time would be
saved – Whether defendant would be put at a disadvantage  
  

1 I refused an application by the plaintiff Anthony Wee Soon Kim to amend his
statement of claim in this action for the fourth time. He is appealing against
my order.

**Background**

2 The plaintiff was a client of the defendant bank UBS AG. He made foreign
exchange transactions in Malaysian ringgits and American dollars through the
defendant and participated in the Dynamic Floor Fund managed by it. He was
unhappy with the services rendered by the defendant and its employees in these
transactions which resulted in losses. When his complaints were not resolved
to his satisfaction, he sued the bank.

3 The action was filed on 4 July 2001 and has come on for hearing between 26
February 2002 and 15 March 2002. The plaintiff was in the course of giving his
evidence. The action is fixed for further hearing again from 23 June 2003 to 1
August 2003.

4 After the completion of the first tranche of hearing, counsel for the
plaintiff Ms Engeline Teh SC discharged herself from acting further for him.
Two applications were made to admit Queen’s Counsel to act in her place, but
both applications were refused. Mr Lim Chor Pee now acts for the plaintiff.

5 On 6 May 2003 the plaintiff applied to amend his statement of claim
following the previous amendments made on 11 September 2001, 31 January 2002
and 28 February 2002.

6 An affidavit was sworn by Mr Lim in support of the application. He deposed
that

6\. All the documentary evidence relating to the transactions are now before
the Court. The proposed amendments are based entirely on the available
evidence. In essence, the issues before the Court in our submission would be
based on the inference to be drawn from the documentary evidence and the legal
interpretation to be put to it.

7\. Therefore, in my respectful submission, _the proposed Fourth Amended
Statement of Claim will_ _shorten the trial as no new facts or documents will
be involved._ (Emphasis added)

8\. In summary, the issues which have now been pleaded are as follows:-

(a) Whether the Defendant has assumed the role of the Plaintiff’s financial
investment adviser?

(b) If so, when did the Defendant assume such a role?

(c) If the Defendant had assumed the role of the Plaintiff’s financial
investment adviser, did the Defendant become a fiduciary of the Plaintiff?

(d) If so, was the Defendant in breach of its fiduciary duties?

(e) Alternatively, had the Defendant committed professional negligence in
advising the Plaintiff in connection with his Ringgit portfolio?

(f) If there was a breach of fiduciary duty or there is professional
negligence, what are the damages sustained by the Plaintiff?

9\. Several paragraphs in the existing Statement of Claim have been deleted
and replaced with new paragraphs to make the narration more coherent and
factual.

7 Mr Lim also submitted that the trial will be shortened if the amendments are
allowed because the plaintiff would not be proceeding with the allegations of
fraudulent and negligent misrepresentation and collateral contract raised by
him, and will rely on breach of fiduciary duties and negligence.

8 The proposed amendments seek to delete large portions of the existing
statement of claim and bring in substantial new portions. Mr Hri Kumar,
counsel for the defendant prepared a table which set out the parts of the
existing statement of claim affected by the proposed amendments, as well as
the new amendments introduced by the proposed amendments.

9 The table showed changes in the facts alleged by the plaintiff, facts not
raised before, and new breaches of fiduciary duties. New fiduciary duties are
pleaded in addition to the duty "not to allow itself to be in a position in
which its personal interests conflicted with the Plaintiff’s interests"
currently pleaded. Mr Lim did not take issue with the table or Mr Hri Kumar’s
analysis of the proposed amendments.

10 Mr Lim was wrong in saying that there are no new facts raised in the
proposed amendments because clearly there are. The plaintiff will have to
adduce evidence on the fiduciary duties and breaches alleged in the proposed
amendments. There is no basis to suppose that there will be a saving of time.
Time will be incurred to prove the alleged duties arose and to show that they
were breached. He may also take time to explain his decision not to proceed
with the allegations of negligent or fraudulent misrepresentations which were
essential parts of his case up to now.

11 In support of the application Mr Lim cited _Mahan Singh v Government of
Malaysia_ [1973] 2 MLJ 149 and _Dr S Underwood v Ong Ah Long_ [1986] 2 MLJ
246. The first case referred to two old English decisions on the amendment of
pleadings, namely _Tildesley v Harper_ 10 Ch D 386 and _Clarapede & Co v
Commercial Union Association_ 32 WR 263 where the courts held that amendments
would be allowed if the other side can be compensated by costs.

12 In _Dr Underwood’s_ _case_ the Privy Council held that the plaintiff’s
amendment of his statement of claim on the first day of trial which was
"altogether lacking in specification and utterly inappropriate in form to give
fair notice of the evidence" was allowed. However the Privy Council did not
endorse the trial judge’s decision to give leave to amend without comment. The
plaintiff was fortunate that there was a very substantial period of delay
between the first and second day of the trial and further delay thereafter,
which allowed the defendant to undertake the further investigation to answer
the plaintiff’s claim. These special circumstances do not exist in the present
case.

**My decision**

13 If the application to amend is allowed the defendant will be entitled to
amend its defence. It can seek further and better particulars to the new
allegations pleaded and seek further discovery if necessary. There is no
suggestion that it has forfeited any defence that may have been available to
it if the amendments were made sooner, or that it is now handicapped in
putting its defence because of the unavailability or loss of witnesses or
documents. These are factors which favour an application but other matter must
also be taken into account.

14 The whole circumstances of the plaintiff and the conduct of his case must
be taken into consideration. He was an active lawyer and litigant prior to his
recent retirement. He has engaged and consulted local and English counsel
before he filed his action. He has had every opportunity to put his case as he
and his advisors saw it.

15 From his original statement of claim filed on 4 July 2001, he has alleged
that the defendant owed him fiduciary duties but failed to discharge them. Mr
Mark Goh Aik Leng who acted for him after Ms Teh and before Mr Lim deposed an
affidavit filed on 2 October 2002 in Originating Motion No. 22 of 2002 in
support of an application to admit Queens Counsel, and identified "the scope
of the fiduciary duty owed by the Defendant to the Plaintiff as private
bankers" as one of the issues to be determined by the court.

16 No reason was given why this application was held back for over 13 months
since the last hearing, till 7 weeks before hearing is due to resume.

17 Litigation practice has changed since _Tildesley_ and _Clarapede_ were
decided. The judges of today

… must weigh in the balance … the pressure on the courts caused by the great
increase in litigation and the consequent necessity that, in the interests of
the whole community, legal business should be conducted efficiently. We can no
longer afford to show the same indulgence towards the negligent conduct of
litigation as was perhaps possible in a more leisured age. There will be cases
in which justice will be better served by allowing the consequences of the
negligence of the lawyers to fall upon their own heads rather than by allowing
an amendment at a very late stage of the proceedings.

(per Lord Griffiths, _Ketteman v Hansel Properties Ltd_ [1987] 1 AC 198 @
220.)

18 Litigants must be aware that with increased emphasis on the efficient
conduct and disposal of cases, they must be responsible in the way they
conduct their cases. The fact that a litigant is able to pay costs and a
proposed amendment will not cause irreparable prejudice to its adversary will
not ensure that an application to amend will be granted.

19 The plaintiff did not explain his very late application to make the
substantial amendments. If the amendments are allowed, there will be need for
further particulars to the matters pleaded, and for further evidence on the
duties of private bankers to their clients and whether any of such duties have
been breached. All these will render the resumption and completion of the
hearing of the case between 23 June and 1 August 2003 unlikely.

20 The plaintiff did not persuade me that this is a proper case for further
leave to amend the statement of claim at this stage for new facts and issues
to be raised. I did not give him leave to amend to withdraw the claims of
misrepresentation and collateral agreement as he may regard the proposed
amendments to be a package, and the withdrawals to be made only if the
additions are allowed. If the plaintiff nevertheless wishes not to proceed
with any part of his case, he has only to inform the court and the defendant
of his decision in clear terms.

21 I therefore dismissed the plaintiff’s application and ordered that he pays
the costs of the application. Mr Hri Kumar asked that costs be fixed at $5000.
Mr Lim expressed no views on the matter. I felt that $5000 was reasonable in
view of the lateness and scope of the proposed amendments, the work involved
in opposing the application, and I ordered that sum to be paid.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Jun 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

