Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## TJ System (S) Pte Ltd and Others v Ngow Kheong Shen (No 2)  
[2003] SGHC 217

Case Number | : | NA 41/2003, Suit 815/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tai Wei Shyong AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Daniel Koh and Martin Lee (Rajah & Tann) for 1st to 4th and 6th plaintiffs; Melanie Ho (Harry Elias Partnership) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  TJ System (S) Pte Ltd; Ting Siew Hood; Leow Chin Bee; Wang Yong Hong; Lo Ooi Yit; Foong Kok Seng; Leong Wai On; Yew Yeow Tiong; Seng Kong Keong — Ngow Kheong Shen   
  
1 The 1st plaintiffs (“TJ Systems”) in this suit are a Singapore registered
company in the business of supplying security systems. The 2nd plaintiff, Ting
Siew Hood (“Ting”), is the managing director of TJ Systems and the 3rd
plaintiff, Leow Chin Bee (“Leow”), is a director. The 4th and 6th plaintiffs,
Wang Yong Hong and Foong Kok Seng (“Wang” and “Foong” respectively) are
employed as sales staff of TJ systems.

2 The defendant is the system sales manager of a Singapore company named
“Cisco Security Technology Pte Ltd” (“Cisco”). Cisco too are in the business
of supplying security systems and are competitors of TJ Systems.

3 Earlier this year, the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 6th plaintiffs successfully
brought a claim in the tort of defamation against the defendant in relation to
an e-mail that the defendant had sent to 15 of his colleagues.

4 The facts are fairly straightforward. In early June 2002, Ting and Leow were
interviewed by the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“the CPIB”) in
connection with an ongoing investigation against a police officer from the
Police Technology Department (“the PTD”). On the evening of 11 June 2002, the
defendant sent an e-mail to 15 persons within Cisco which contained the
following message:

This is to share with you that TJ system (sales staff and directors) has been
called up by CPIB for investigation on bribery made to a police officer from
Police Technology Dept, on 6 June 2002.

CPIB are reviewing all information relating to projects awarded to TJ System
by PTD in the last 4 years. From a reliable source, PTD has internally debar
(_sic_) TJ System for future projects, or any supplier/vendor who works with
them to bid for police projects, as CPIB has possessed “strong” evidence
against TJ.

If you have any dealings with TJ, please restrain (_sic_) from doing it as TJ
System is our competitor and we should not help our competitor to grow.

Regards

Jonathan Ngow

Manager, System Sales

Cisco Security Technology

5 The nine named plaintiffs brought an action in the High Court against the
defendant in the tort of defamation, alleging that by reason of the
publication of the e-mail, their reputations had been injured. The defendant
proceeded on the basis that the e-mail was not defamatory, and also relied on
the defences of fair comment, qualified privilege and justification. The 1st,
2nd, 3rd, 4th and 6th plaintiffs succeeded before the trial judge who ordered
that damages be assessed by the Registrar. The claims of the other plaintiffs
were dismissed with costs as they had chosen not to testify at the trial. The
purpose of the hearing before me was to assess the damages to be paid by the
defendant to the five successful plaintiffs.

6 In finding the e-mail defamatory, the learned trial judge said at paragraph
39 of her judgment:

39 There is little doubt that the following extract in the email is defamatory
of TJ

…CPIB has possessed strong evidence against TJ

Read in their context, the words (reinforced by the words _internally debar TJ
Systems for future projects_) impute the possible commission of a criminal
offence (bribery) by the company or, TJ’s imminent prosecution for corruption
a police officer/public servant. Giving these words the most innocuous
interpretation, they meant that the company was suspected of having bribed PTD
staff to procure projects. The sting of the defamation was in Ngow’s use of
the words (i) _investigation for bribery_ , (ii) _internally debar from future
projects_ and (iii) _Strong evidence_ , the logical conclusion following upon
(iii) being that ultimately, charges for abetting corruption would be
preferred against TJ under s 109 read with s 161 of the Penal Code Cap 224 or,
the company would be charged with corruption under ss 5(b) or 6 of the
Prevention of Corruption Act Cap 241.

7 After hearing evidence from the parties, I awarded damages in the amount of
$25,000 to the 1st plaintiffs, $30,000 each to the 2nd and 3rd plaintiffs, and
$20,000 each to the 4th and 6th plaintiffs. In his closing submissions, Mr Koh
for the five successful plaintiffs had submitted that the damages should be
the region of $80,000 to $150,000 for each. In light of this submission, I
felt that I should explain my reasons for the amounts I awarded.

_Broad Considerations in Assessing Damages for Libel_

8 The legal principles to be applied in assessing damages for libel are well
established. The award of damages serves as a vindication of the plaintiff to
the public, as compensation for the injury to the plaintiff’s reputation and
as a solatium for the plaintiff’s injured feelings. The cases show that
several factors are to be taken into account in trying to arrive at an
appropriate award:

(a) The nature and gravity of the libel itself;

(b) The conduct, position and standing of the plaintiff and the defendant;

(c) The natural indignation of the court at the injury caused to the
plaintiff;

(d) The conduct of the defendant from the time the libel is published to the
very moment of the verdict;

(e) An apology and retraction of the libel, if any; and

(f) The presence or absence of malice.

9 In _Goh Chok Tong v Jeyaretnam Joshua Benjamin_ [1998] 3 SLR 337, the
learned Yong Pung How CJ, delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal, said
at paragraph 57:

…A broad framework of awards has emerged from past cases and these cases serve
as a guide in determining the appropriate amount of damages to be awarded.

10 However, this statement was followed with the following cautionary note:

In this respect, the awards made in cases preceding this appeal must be
treated with care: they are not necessarily accurate indications of
appropriate awards of damages.

11 My attention was also drawn to the following dicta of the learned LP Thean
JA in the case of Tang Liang Hong v Lee Kuan Yew & Anor [1998] 1 SLR 97, which
relates to the proper assessment of damages in defamation cases:

Before we turn to the individual awards, we wish to register a caveat on
quantum of damages for defamation. As reflected in those precedent cases,
substantial damages have been awarded for defamation. Indeed there appears to
be a trend of such damages rising steadily and significantly over the past few
years, and in the few recent cases, each successive award appeared to overtop
the preceding one. Such a trend should be discouraged; otherwise damages for
defamation would mount and eventually be extremely high, ranking almost with
the grossly exorbitant awards so often made by juries in other jurisdictions.
Lest it should be misunderstood, we are not suggesting in any way that there
should be a cap placed on quantum of damages for defamation. We accept that
‘there could never be any precise, arithmetical formula to govern the
assessment of general damages in defamation’ (per Thomas Bingham MR in _John v
MGN Ltd_ (Supra) at p 608). Each case depends on its own facts and there is a
great deal of factual diversity in defamation cases. However, we wish to
stress that damages, even for defamation, should fall within a reasonable
bracket so that what is awarded represents a fair and reasonable sum which is
proportionate to the harm and injury occasioned to the victim who has been
unjustly defamed. On this point, we share the sentiment so succinctly
expressed by Sir Thomas Bingham MR in _John v MGN Ltd_ (Supra) at p 611:

Any legal process should yield a successful plaintiff appropriate
compensation, that is, compensation which is neither too much nor too little.
That is so whether the award is made by judge or jury. No other result can be
accepted as just.

12 With these broad considerations in mind, I now turn to explain how I
arrived at the awards in this case.

The Awards

13 In arriving at the awards, I adopted a two-stage process. First, I
considered a number of cases cited to me in order to determine a suitable
range of values, based on the severity of the sting of the defamatory words,
and the general context in which the defamation arose. I took this as the
starting point because in my view, a large component of the justice in putting
a monetary value on a person’s reputation and hurt feelings necessarily arises
from the element of consistency with previous awards. Neither pure logic nor
legal principle can dictate how much a person’s reputation is worth in dollar
terms in a vacuum. Both are, in a sense, parasitic on pre-existing norms,
tempered with a subjective, but it is hoped fair, evaluation of the general
context of the individual case.

14 A number of cases were cited to me as precedents, and I seek here to
highlight only the more relevant ones. I begin with the case of _Yeo Nai Meng
v EI-Nets Ltd and Anor_ [2003] SGHC 110, a recent decision of the learned S
Rajendran J. The plaintiff Yeo was a shareholder and director of a company
named “Plan-B Technologies Pte Ltd”. He alleged that he had been defamed by
the defendants by means of the publication of certain reports (the ‘Medora’
and ‘Chor Pee’ reports) which impugned his conduct in relation to a wholly-
owned subsidiary of Plan-B Technologies Pte Ltd, called Plan-B Speed.Com
(“Speed”). In his view, the reports meant and were understood to mean that Yeo
had, among other things,

(a) committed fraud and gross misconduct against Speed;

(b) breached s 76 of the Companies Act;

(c) manipulated the accounts of Speed;

(d) breached his fiduciary duties;

(e) manipulated the bank reconciliation statements of Speed; and

(f) committed the offence of criminal misappropriation.

15 The defendants did not in the proceedings seek to deny that the reports
were defamatory, but rather relied on the defences of justification and
qualified privilege. In the event, both defences failed, and the plaintiff was
awarded damages in the amount of $80,000.

16 Mr Koh also cited the Court of Appeal case of _Goh Chok Tong v Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin and another action_ [1998] 3 SLR 337. The plaintiff had been
awarded $20,000 in damages in the High Court for the following words spoken by
the defendant at an election rally on 1 January 1997:

…and finally, Mr Tang Liang Hong has just placed before me two reports he has
made to the police, against, you know, Mr Goh Chok Tong and his people.

17 The learned trial judge found that the words did not carry the meaning
pleaded, namely, guilt of criminal offence, but that they had a lesser
meaning, namely, that the words suggested that Mr Goh had committed an act of
serious enough proportions to merit a police report. He also found that the
conduct of the trial by Mr Jeyaretnam’s counsel had aggravated the hurt caused
to Mr Goh and awarded $10,000 compensatory damages and $10,000 aggravated
damages accordingly. The Court of Appeal agreed with the trial judge as to the
defamatory meaning of the words, but found that the quantum of damages was
disconsonant with precedent cases. The Court thus revised the damages upward
to $100,000.

18 Another case relied on by Mr Koh was the case of _Arul Chandran v Chew Chin
Aik Victor JP_ [2001] 1 SLR 505. The facts of that case were as follows. The
plaintiff and defendant were both members of the Tanglin Club. The defendant
Chew caused three publications to be made which repeated certain defamatory
remarks against the plaintiff Arul. The learned trial judge found that the
sting in the publications was essentially that the plaintiff was an extremely
vicious and dangerous fraud. The defences of justification, qualified
privilege and fair comment failed and the learned judge awarded the plaintiff
$100,000 general damages and $50,000 aggravated damages.

19 Finally, Mr Koh drew my attention, specifically in relation to the 1st
plaintiff, to the case of _Sin Heak Hin Pte Ltd & Anor v Yuasa Battery
Singapore Co Pte Ltd_ [1995] 3 SLR 590. In that case, the plaintiffs and the
defendants were all in the business of selling automotive batteries. In
September 1990, the plaintiffs imported 1,400 pieces of Yuasa brand batteries
from China into Singapore. The batteries were made by a Chinese manufacturer,
Xinjiang Comprehensive Electric Motor Plant (“Xinjiang Electric”), who also
had a licence from Yuasa Japan, but only to use the Yuasa trade mark on
batteries manufactured for sale within China. The defendant subsequently
issued a circular to all its dealers claiming, inter alia, that `Yuasa` brand
batteries purported to be manufactured in China were illegal imitations, and
that the defendant had nothing to do with the plaintiffs or their imitation
`Yuasa` brand batteries. The plaintiffs brought an action against the
defendant for defamation and slander of goods and succeeded on both claims.
The learned trial judge found that the defendants had acted with malice, as
the dominant intention of the circular was to nip the competition in the bud
by traducing the plaintiffs’ Yuasa batteries as imitations. That negatived the
legitimate interest the plaintiffs had in sending the circular out and the
corresponding interest in receiving it. She awarded $100,000 as damages for
defamation, which took into account the aggravation of the defendant’s failed
plea of justification.

20 It was Mr Koh’s submission before me based on the precedents, in particular
the _EI-Nets_ case and the _Yuasa Battery Singapore_ case (both cited above),
that awards within the range of $80,000 to $150,000 for each of successful
plaintiffs would be appropriate.

21 Ms Ho, for her part, argued that the damages in the present case should be
considerably lower than the amounts suggested by the plaintiffs’ counsel. She
too relied on a number of cases but it is only necessary to refer to a few of
them.

22 The first is the case of _Chen Cheng & Anor v Central Christian Church &
John Louis_ [1999] 1 SLR 94. The New Paper had carried on its front page the
headline “2 CULTS EXPOSED”, with the statement underneath “Christian Groups
warn of two new cults in Singapore. The Army of God and the Central Christian
Church (“CCC”) tend to “stretch the truth” and have “exclusive” practices,
says one reverend…” The Lianhe Wanbao publication had carried essentially the
same statements in a similar publication. The CCC and its leader, John Louis,
sued The New Paper and Lianhe Wanbao, as well as a religious publication
called “Impact”, on which The New Paper and Lianhe Wanbao articles were based,
for libel. They complained that the references to the CCC as a cult and to
Louis as a cult leader were defamatory of them. The defendants relied on the
defences of justification, fair comment and qualified privilege. At trial, the
learned judge held that the all the defendants failed on the defence of
justification. As for fair comment, he held that all of them succeeded except
for The New Paper in respect of its front-page headline. As for qualified
privilege, he held that Impact succeeded, but the other two defendants failed.

23 On appeal, it was held that The New Paper and Lianhe Wanbao were liable in
defamation, and a sum of $20,000 to CCC from each of them, and a sum of
$30,000 to Louis from The New Paper was adequate damages.

24 The next case is _Cristifori Music Pte Ltd v Robert Piano Co Ltd_ [2000] 3
SLR 503. In that case, the defendant was a Singapore company dealing in the
sale of pianos and the teaching of music and was, according to the defendant’s
managing director, one of the largest sellers of pianos in Singapore, amongst
which were the Japanese brands, Kawai and Samick, pianos. The plaintiff
similarly dealt in pianos and ran several music schools in Singapore. The
plaintiff sold Asahi and Paco pianos, both of which retailed for a lower price
than the pianos sold by the defendant.

25 On 1 February 1997, the defendant placed an advertisement for Kawai and
Samick pianos on the front page of The Straits Times. It stated amongst other
things that pianos ‘like “A” & “P” brands (retailing at $3,799 & $4,970
respectively, as advertised)’ were made and assembled in Pyongyang, North
Korea. The advertisement asserted that although both brands claimed to use
mainly Japanese parts, in actual fact, 80% to 90% of these piano parts were
made in North Korea by North Korean workmen. These pianos were therefore 100%
made and assembled in Pyongyang, North Korea, not Japan. The advertisement
advised its readers that this was a `Sales Gimmick` and that they should not
let the sellers of these brands pull wool over their eyes. The advertisement
also contained an old Chinese proverb `One Cent Buys You One Cent Product` and
went on to say that such pianos could not be compared with world-renowned
Kawai and Samick pianos.

26 The plaintiff commenced an action in defamation against the defendant based
on this advertisement. The defendant filed a counterclaim which alleged that
the plaintiff had defamed them by virtue of a letter sent by it to one of its
customers on 31 January 1997, which stated that the defendant was spreading
untruths about the plaintiff and that it would be taking legal action against
the defendant.

27 It was held by the court that the words in the advertisement were capable
of referring to the plaintiff and conveyed to the ordinary person reading the
statement that the plaintiff was dishonest in claiming that Asahi and Paco
pianos used mainly Japanese parts. The ordinary person would infer that the
plaintiff had made this false claim in an attempt to deceive its customers
into buying its Asahi and Paco pianos by wilfully misrepresenting the pianos
as using mainly Japanese parts when in fact they did not. The defences of
justification, fair comment and qualified privilege all failed, and the
plaintiff was awarded $50,000 in damages. The counter-claim also succeeded and
the defendant was awarded $5,000 in damages on the counterclaim.

28 Returning to the instant case, in my view the striking features which
located the award within a wider context were (a) the limited nature of the
defamatory assertion, and (b) the fact that it was disseminated by the
defendant to a restricted number of his colleagues within a controlled
environment. In relation to the meaning of the words themselves, counsel for
the plaintiffs Mr Koh sought to distinguish the _meaning_ of the libel from
the _effect_ of the libel. He submitted that the average lay-person reading
the e-mail or the media reports of the trial concerning the e-mail would think
that since the CPIB had strong evidence, leading to another police department
ceasing dealings with the 1st plaintiffs, the 1st plaintiffs were more likely
than not involved in corrupt practices. In any event, Mr Koh argued that the
unchallenged evidence of the plaintiffs’ witnesses concerning the _effect_ of
the libel was that they understood the action to be one which implicated the
plaintiffs in corruption.

29 In reply, Ms Ho for the defendant argued that there was a clear difference
between saying that the plaintiffs were imminently to be prosecuted for
offences on the one hand, and saying that they were guilty of offences on the
other hand. She submitted that the former was the case in hand and that it was
of much less gravity than the latter.

30 I agreed with Ms Ho that there is a difference in quality between an
allegation that the defendants were imminently to be prosecuted for offences
of corruption on the one hand, and an allegation that they were guilty of
committing corruption on the other. Whilst the distinction may be a fine one
in ordinary parlance, I could not accept Mr Koh’s argument that this Court
should collapse it altogether in the name of extrapolating the _effect_ of the
defamation to the ordinary ‘man in the street’. That would not be in
accordance with the decision of the learned trial judge; nor would that be
fair to the defendant.

31 Flowing from this, I did not accept Mr Koh’s submission that the award in
the _EI-Nets_ case was a suitable starting point. The sting of the defamatory
words in that case, in essence that the plaintiff was guilty of fraud, gross
negligence and other criminal offences, was substantially more serious than in
this case. I thus took the view that the award in this case should be in a
lower bracket than in the _EI-Nets_ case.

32 In my view, the closest case in terms of the meaning of the defamatory
words to the present which was cited to me was _Goh Chok Tong v Jeyaretnam
Joshua Benjamin and another action_ (cited above), where the sting of the
defamation was that Mr Goh had committed an act of serious enough proportions
to merit a police report. I noted that the amount of damages awarded in that
case by the Court of Appeal was $100,000. However, the standing of the party
defamed in that case, and the context in which it arose, suggested to me that
the awards in the present case should be within a substantially lower range.

33 The second stage was to arrive at an appropriate value within the range,
based on the circumstances of each plaintiff and the presence or absence of
any mitigating and aggravating factors in the particular case.

34 Mr Koh had submitted that there were several significant aggravating
factors in this case. First and foremost, the defendant’s refusal to apologise
and his lack of remorse, which was highlighted by his persistence in a plea of
justification at trial. He referred me to the following passage from the
learned trial judge’s judgment:

54\. …What I found to be reprehensible conduct on his part was Ngow’s total
lack of regret/remorse for what can only be said to be an irresponsible act –
sending out an e-mail containing such serious allegations without taking steps
to verify what he had heard; even worse, embellishing the allegations in the
process.

35 Ms Ho, for her part, had argued that in this case the plea of justification
should not aggravate the damages as the defendant had not, at trial, attempted
to prove that the sting of the defamation as found by the learned trial judge
was true. She submitted that the defendant had simply tried to prove that the
plaintiffs were under investigation, and that even if this were taken against
him, it should not substantially aggravate the damages.

36 It is established law that a plea of justification, if unsuccessful, is
generally a factor that will aggravate the damages awarded. It is not disputed
that in this case a plea of justification was raised, and I was prepared to
treat this as an aggravating factor, notwithstanding that the thrust of the
plea may not have been entirely within the defamatory meaning of the words as
found by the learned trial judge. The point is that the attempt to justify the
libel repeats the allegation in a public forum. Taking into account also the
defendant’s unrepentant attitude at trial, I agreed with Mr Koh that the plea
should aggravate the damages awarded.

37 In addition, Mr Koh also invited me to take the following factors into
account:

(a) The recklessness of the defendant;

(b) The hurt and embarrassment caused by the trial and the trial publicity;

(c) The mode and extent of publication; and

(d) The ease and forseeability of republication.

38 While these were all relevant factors, there was nothing exceptional in
relation to any of them in the present case. Rather, they were simply present
as would be expected in any typical case where libel is proved. I would add
that in particular I did not think that any special consideration should be
given to the fact that the publication was by way of an e-mail, as Mr Koh had
urged me to do. There is nothing inherently more insidious in publishing
something by e-mail than by any other form of the written word. Whilst it is
true that re-publication of an e-mail is a relatively simple matter, the same
argument could apply, for example, to defamation by a letter, given the ease
at which photocopies of documents can now be made. In any event, I do not
think that publication by e-mail to 15 persons can be considered more
aggravating than say, publication to a large crowd of people, or by way of a
newspaper advertisement, which was the case in some of the precedents cited to
me.

39 In relation to the 2nd and 3rd plaintiffs, having considered all the
factors, I felt that an award of $30,000 each was fair. In relation to the 4th
and 6th plaintiffs, they were sales staff of TJ systems and it was quite clear
from the evidence that their careers were not at the same stage of progression
as the 2nd and 3rd plaintiffs. Consequently, I felt that the award could not
be the same and that $20,000 was a fair award to each of them.

40 Finally, I turn to the position of the 1st plaintiffs. Mr Koh had submitted
that a different basis should be used in relation to the 1st plaintiffs, since
they were a corporate entity, and he had referred me to a different line of
cases, in particular the _Sin Heak Hin_ case (cited above) and the _Cristifori
Music_ case (cited above). He also highlighted the evidence that the 1st
plaintiffs are one of the fastest growing companies in the securities industry
with an annual turnover climbing from approximately $4.4 million in 2000 to
$6.4 million in 2001 and $8.5 million in 2003.

41 I agree that in an appropriate case, the position of a corporate entity
which is defamed in the same breath as other persons may stand on a different
footing. However, having examined all the facts of this case, I felt it would
be proper to regard the damage done to the reputation of the 1st plaintiffs as
in the same region as the others, and to further reduce the sum on account of
the fact that a corporate entity does not suffer hurt feelings. In this case,
the 1st plaintiffs were not a household name, and appeared to be well known
only within industry circles. Furthermore, it was a private company owned by
the 2nd and 3rd plaintiffs, and therefore its reputation was closely linked to
theirs. I therefore felt that an award of $25,000 was a fair award.

42 In closing, I would say that I was conscious of the fact that the total
amount of the award against was a very substantial one, some $125,000.
However, I did not feel that it was entirely excessive in light of the number
of successful plaintiffs, and the position and attitude taken by the defendant
throughout the trial.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

