Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tuen Huan Rui Mary v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 157

Case Number | : | MA 107/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 July 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chandra Mohan K Nair (Tan Rajah & Cheah) for the appellant; Eddy Tham and Edwin San (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Tuen Huan Rui Mary — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Criminal breach of trust –
Relevance of value of property misappropriated  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Whether sentence
imposed by trial judge was manifestly excessive  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Findings of fact by trial judge –
Treatment by appellate court  
  

1 This was an appeal against the decision of district judge Malcolm BH Tan
when he convicted the appellant on two counts of criminal breach of trust, an
offence punishable under s 406 of the Penal Code (Cap 224). The appellant was
sentenced to 27 months imprisonment on each charge and the two sentences were
ordered to run concurrently. The present appeal was brought against conviction
and sentence. At the end of the hearing before me, I dismissed the appeal
against conviction and allowed the appeal against sentence. I now give my
reasons.

**Charges**

2 The charges against the appellant read as follows:

(a) DAC 19413/2002

You, Tuen Huan Rui Mary, are charged that you on or about the 21st day of July
1999, in Singapore, being entrusted with certain property, to wit, a Post
Office Savings Bank cash cheque, number 511446, dated 21 July 1999 and issued
by Png Beng Hong for an amount of $30,000, committed criminal breach of trust
of the said property, by en-cashing the said cheque and using the proceeds for
your personal use, and that you have thereby committed an offence punishable
under section 406 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

(b) DAC 13414/2002

You, Tuen Huan Rui Mary, are charged that you on or about the 21st day of July
1999, in Singapore, being entrusted with certain property, to wit, a
Development Bank of Singapore cash cheque, number 396566, dated 21 July 1999
and issued by Png Beng Hong for an amount of $20,000, committed criminal
breach of trust of the said property, by en-cashing the said cheque and using
the proceeds for your personal use, and that you have thereby committed an
offence punishable under section 406 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

**Background facts**

3 In April or May 1999, the appellant befriended Png Beng Hong, also known as
Cecilia Goh (‘Cecilia’), the Managing Director of Vibration and Sound Services
& Sales Pte Ltd (‘Vibration Pte Ltd’), after the appellant had made a ‘cold
call’ to Cecilia’s office. The appellant, who at the material time was the
director of two companies which provided ISO certification consultancy
services, offered her services to Cecilia and was subsequently engaged as a
consultant to help Vibration Pte Ltd obtain ISO 9000 certification. In late
May 1999, the appellant introduced Cecilia to her then boyfriend, one Tan Kah
Miang (‘Tan’).

4 It was undisputed that the appellant encashed two cash cheques issued by
Cecilia. On 21 July 1999, the first cheque, a Post Office Savings Bank cheque,
number 511446 (‘the POSB cheque’), in the amount of $30,000, was encashed. The
second cheque, a Development Bank of Singapore cash cheque (‘the DBS cheque’),
number 396566, in the amount of $20,000, was encashed the following morning.

5 Neither the appellant nor Tan were able to open trading accounts to trade on
the Singapore Stock Exchange, as the appellant’s trading accounts had
previously been made delinquent by Kim Eng Securities and Tan was a bankrupt.

**Prosecution’s version of the facts**

6 Cecilia testified that she had issued the two cheques to the appellant to
partly settle share trading losses in her Kim Eng Securities trading account
(‘the Kim Eng account’). Cecilia had issued cash cheques so that the appellant
could encash them immediately and settle the losses with Kim Eng. This was a
matter of some urgency as a delay in payment would result in Cecilia’s account
being made delinquent such that she would no longer be able to trade on the
Singapore Stock Exchange.

7 Cecilia testified that, following from her introduction to Tan, which had
been initiated by the appellant in late May 1999, a share-trading agreement
was agreed upon between Cecilia, Tan and the appellant. Under this agreement,
Cecilia was to open trading accounts and provide the investment capital of
$400,000. Profits were to be shared, with Cecilia receiving half the profits.
The appellant and Tan were entitled to the other half of the profits. The
parties also agreed that if any losses were incurred, these would be borne by
the appellant and Tan.

8 Pursuant to this agreement, the appellant brought Cecilia to open a number
of trading accounts, including the Kim Eng account. While at Kim Eng, the
appellant instructed a remisier, one Daniel Ng Kok Kheng (‘Daniel Ng’), to
send her daily summaries of the trading activity in Cecilia’s account. Daniel
Ng was also informed that one ‘Onn’ (later established to be Tan) would do the
trading for the account.

9 On 20 July 1999, Daniel Ng faxed a print-out to Cecilia seeking settlement
of her share trading losses on the Kim Eng account which amounted to
$124,725.74. Cecilia turned to the appellant to settle the losses but the
latter failed to do so. Cecilia then made partial payment amounting to
$58,295.44 as she feared that her account would be made delinquent if the
losses were not settled expediently. When Cecilia asked the appellant to
settle the remainder, the appellant claimed that she was financially ‘tight’
and unable to make payment. The appellant asked Cecilia for an advance to
settle the losses and instructed her to issue cash cheques to expedite payment
to Kim Eng. The appellant reassured Cecilia that she would handle the matter
and that Daniel was a good friend of hers.

10 In accordance with the appellant’s instructions, Cecilia issued the POSB
cheque and the DBS cheque. On the morning of 21 July 1999, the appellant went
to Cecilia’s office and collected the two cheques. Cecilia gave the appellant
clear and specific instructions that she was to immediately settle the losses
in the Kim Eng account with the two cheques. The appellant said she would do
so and left with the cheques.

11 A few days later, Cecilia received a demand for payment from Kim Eng
Securities and thus discovered that the appellant had not settled the losses.
Cecilia’s attempts to contact the appellant were fruitless and she did not see
the appellant again until after the appellant’s arrest.

**Appellant’s version of the facts**

12 At the trial below, the appellant denied all involvement in or knowledge of
the share trading agreement, which she contended had been between Tan and
Cecilia only. While admitting that she had encashed the two cheques, the
appellant denied that Cecilia had given the cheques to her. Instead, the
appellant’s version of events was that Tan had given her the two cheques on
different days – the POSB cheque on 21 July 1999 and the DBS cheque on 22 July
1999. Each time the appellant had followed Tan’s instructions to encash the
cheques and hand the proceeds to him. Each time the appellant handed the
proceeds to Tan, he had issued a receipt to reflect this (‘the receipts’).

13 Tan corroborated the appellant’s version of events, testifying that the
appellant had not been aware of the share trading agreement. He disagreed with
Cecilia’s account of the terms of the agreement, claiming that it was agreed
that any profits would be shared equally but that any losses would be borne by
Cecilia alone. Related to this, Tan claimed that the two cheques were issued
by Cecilia to pay him his share of the profits from the agreement. He
testified that he had given the appellant the POSB cheque on 21 July 1999 and
the DBS cheque on 22 July 1999. She had returned the proceeds to him and he
had given the appellant two receipts.

14 The appellant also called one Lim Poh Lye (‘Lim’), a friend of Tan’s, who
testified that he saw Tan give the appellant a cheque on 21 July 1999.

**The decision of the district judge**

15 The district judge found that the appellant had been actively involved in
the share trading agreement. The district judge viewed the two receipts with
suspicion and noted that there was ample opportunity for concoction as no
mention of these receipts had been made in the statements given by Tan or the
appellant to the Commercial Affairs Department (‘CAD’). The district judge
noted that the receipts had only been produced after the trial had commenced
and that Tan had been on the run until he was arrested in October 2001, in the
midst of the trial.

16 The district judge also rejected Tan’s version of the share trading
agreement as being ‘ludicrous’. The district judge found that, while it was
agreed that Cecilia would share any profits made with Tan and the appellant,
share trading losses were to be borne by Tan and the appellant only.

17 The district judge found that the credit of both Tan and the appellant was
impeached. In contrast, the district judge found that the prosecution
witnesses were truthful witnesses and accepted Cecilia’s version of the facts
as credible and truthful. He found that Cecilia had entrusted the two cheques
to the appellant to pay for the losses in the Kim Eng account and that the
proceeds had not been so applied. He therefore convicted the appellant on both
charges.

**The appeal against conviction**

18 Counsel for the appellant advanced two main grounds of appeal:

(1) that the district judge erred in finding that the appellant was involved
in the share trading agreement; and

(2) that the district judge erred in rejecting the appellant’s version of
events.

19 I shall now deal with these arguments in turn.

_Whether the district judge erred in finding that the appellant was involved
in the share trading agreement_

20 Counsel for the appellant submitted that the share trading agreement was
between Cecilia and Tan only, and that the appellant was not involved in the
share trading agreement. Counsel submitted that the appellant did not know
about the share trading agreement. While it was not denied that the appellant
had been present when Cecilia went to open the Kim Eng account, counsel drew
the court’s attention to the appellant’s testimony that she had only gone to
open the Kim Eng account at Cecilia’s request and that she had agreed to go
with Cecilia ‘as a courtesy’. The appellant argued that she had no knowledge
of share trading and had in fact ‘learnt something that day’ about opening
trading accounts.  

21 At the trial below, the district judge rejected these arguments. The
district judge noted the evidence of Daniel Ng who observed that it was the
appellant who did most of the talking when Cecilia and the appellant met with
him to open the account. The district judge also relied on Daniel Ng’s
evidence that he had been instructed by the appellant to send daily summaries
of the trading activity in Cecilia’s account to the appellant’s home by fax.
The district judge also considered a fax from Mees Pierson to Cecilia dated 4
June 1999. The appellant had made annotations on the fax and had performed
calculations in her own handwriting to calculate the amount of profit which
would have been made had Cecilia’s shares in City Developments Limited been
sold off that day.

22 It is settled law that an appellate court should be slow to disturb a
district judge’s findings of fact unless they are plainly wrong or against the
weight of evidence. In **_Public Prosecutor v Azman bin Abdullah_****[1998] 2
SLR 704 at p 710** , I made the following observations:

It is well-settled law that in any appeal against a finding of fact, an
appellate court will generally defer to the conclusion of the district judge
who has had the opportunity to see and assess the credibility of the
witnesses. An appellate court, if it wishes to reverse the district judge`s
decision, must not merely entertain doubts whether the decision is right but
must be convinced that it is wrong.

23 Having perused the evidence that was before the court, I was of the opinion
that the district judge’s findings were amply supported by the evidence. It
was clear from Daniel Ng’s evidence that the appellant took an active
involvement in Cecilia’s share trading activities. The appellant’s version of
facts and her claim that she did not know about the share trading agreement
sat most uncomfortably with the fact that she asked for daily summaries to be
sent to her. It was clear from the fax from Mees Pierson and from her
handwritten calculations on this fax that the appellant had a keen personal
interest in Cecilia’s share trading activities. It simply made no sense for
the appellant to take such a keen interest in Cecilia’s share trading
portfolio if she did not stand to gain from this.

24 I therefore declined to reverse the district judge’s finding that the
appellant had been involved at the share trading agreement.

_Whether the district judge erred in rejecting the appellant’s version of
events_

25 The appellant’s second set of sub-contentions related to the district
judge’s rejection of the appellant’s version of how she came to be in
possession of the cheques issued by Cecilia. In support of counsel’s
submission that the district judge erred in preferring the prosecution’s
version of the facts over that of the appellant, counsel contended that the
district judge erred in finding that the appellant’s credit was impeached.
Counsel also urged the court to find that the district judge had erred by not
placing due weight on the evidence of Tan and Lim which supported the
appellant’s defence. Finally, counsel sought to cast doubt on the veracity of
the prosecution’s version of events by arguing that there had been no urgency
to pay Kim Eng on 20 July 1999 and that it was not necessary for Cecilia to
issue cash cheques since she could have just paid Kim Eng directly, without
going through the appellant.

26 I now turn to each of these sub-contentions in turn.

_Whether the district judge erred in finding that the appellant’s credit was
impeached_

27 The district judge found that the appellant’s credit was impeached in
respect of her evidence of what she did with the proceeds after encashing the
two cheques. The district judge found that there were material discrepancies
relating to the appellant’s handling of the proceeds between the appellant’s
evidence in court and a statement given by her to the CAD on 2 March 2001. In
court, the appellant testified that Tan had handed her the two cheques and
that she had returned the proceeds to him in exchange for two receipts.
However, in her statement to the CAD, the appellant stated that she had spent
the $20,000 and that Tan had paid her the $30,000 in partial settlement of his
debts to her.

28 Counsel for the appellant, while accepting that the discrepancy was
material, argued that the district judge should not have held that the
appellant’s credit was impeached as the appellant was distraught when she made
her statement to the CAD and therefore had not carefully read through the
statement on the day she made it.

29 I was of the view that the district judge did not err in finding that the
appellant’s credit was impeached, as the reasons given by the appellant to
explain the discrepancies were grossly inadequate. At the trial below, the
appellant had asserted that she had given her statement ‘irresponsibly’ and
had therefore said that she had spent the money even though this was not the
case. Her explanation before the district judge was that she had just ‘read
past’ the statement when asked to check it because she was in a hurry. I was
thoroughly unconvinced by counsel’s attempts to explain away the discrepancy
and I was of the view that the appellant’s contention on appeal that she had
been distraught while making the statement was yet another lame excuse by the
appellant in an attempt to belatedly justify her version of the facts. In
light of the appellant’s failure to afford any reasonable explanation for the
discrepancy, I found that the district judge was correct in finding that the
appellant’s credit was impeached.

Whether the district judge erred in not placing weight on the evidence of Tan

30 Counsel for the appellant argued that the district judge should have placed
more weight on Tan’s evidence. Tan’s evidence supported the appellant’s
version of the facts, since Tan’s evidence was that he received the cheques
from Cecilia. Tan also testified that he had passed the cheques to the
appellant, who encashed them for him, and that the appellant had returned the
proceeds to him in exchange for the two receipts which he issued.

31 I could find no fault with the district judge’s finding that Tan was a most
unreliable and untrustworthy witness. The district judge noted that, in court,
Tan appeared to be making things up as he went along and would get extremely
agitated when confronted with absurdities in his evidence or with his own
inconsistent testimony.

32 Similarly, the district judge’s finding that Tan’s credit was impeached
could not be faulted. The district judge rightly took account of numerous
discrepancies in Tan’s evidence. One clear example of this is Tan’s differing
accounts of how he passed the POSB cheque to the appellant. In Tan’s statement
to the CAD of 3 October 2001, Tan stated that he gave the appellant the POSB
cheque at his office. However, in court, Tan testified that he had telephoned
the appellant from his office and had gone to the ground floor at Republic
Plaza to hand her the cheque after she had telephoned him upon her arrival at
Republic Plaza. Tan further testified that no one had been present when he
handed the appellant the cheque. Tan later provided a third version of the
collection, claiming that he was on the ground floor of Republic Plaza smoking
a cigarette with Lim. He then telephoned the appellant and she collected the
cheque from him at the ground floor 15 minutes later, while Lim was still
present.

33 I also noted that the names which Tan provided for the friend who had
purportedly witnessed him handing the cheque to the appellant differed in his
accounts in court from that in his CAD statement of 21 September 2001. In
court, Tan referred to the friend as ‘Ah Lee’, ‘Simon’, ‘Ah Lim’, ‘Tua Pui’
and ‘Ah Kok’, while in his statement, he stated that his friend’s name was ‘Ah
Chew’ and that his friend lived in Bendemeer. Tan’s attempt to explain away
the discrepancy by telling the court that his friend had many nicknames failed
in light of Lim’s testimony that he was not known as ‘Ah Chew’ or ‘Chew’, and
that he had never lived in the Bendemeer area.

Whether the district judge erred in not placing weight on the evidence of Lim

34 Counsel for the appellant submitted that the district judge had erred by
not placing more weight on Lim’s evidence that he had witnessed Tan giving the
appellant the POSB cheque.

35 I saw no reason to disturb the district judge’s finding that little weight
should be placed on Lim’s evidence. The district judge found that there were
serious doubts as to whether Lim’s testimony was truthful. In coming to this
finding, the district judge observed from Lim’s demeanour in court that ‘he
did not appear… to be the sharpest knife in the drawer’. As I noted in _Jimina
Jacee d/o C D Athananasius v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 1 SLR 205, due weight
should be accorded to the district judge`s assessment of the veracity or
credibility of the witness, given that he had the benefit of observing the
demeanour of the particular witness. Further, I noted that the district judge
had clearly considered the totality of the evidence, including Lim’s testimony
that he had never been known as ‘Ah Chew’ which was the name provided by Tan
in his CAD statement of 21 September 2001, in finding that Lim’s evidence was
unlikely to be truthful.

Whether the district judge erred in failing to consider that there was no
urgency to pay Kim Eng and that there was no need for Cecilia to issue cash
cheques

36 Counsel for the appellant submitted that the prosecution’s version of the
facts should be disbelieved because it made no sense for Cecilia to have
issued cash cheques in light of the fact that she could have just paid Kim Eng
directly. Related to this, counsel argued before me that there had been no
urgency in paying Kim Eng and therefore there had been absolutely no necessity
for Cecilia to issue cash cheques.

37 I did not agree with counsel’s submissions. It was evident that Cecilia had
perceived that there was some urgency in settling the losses in the Kim Eng
account as she was anxious that any failure to do so would result in her
account being made delinquent. It was also clear from the evidence that on 20
July 1999, one day before the POSB cheque was encashed by the appellant,
Daniel Ng faxed to Cecilia a print-out reflecting share trading losses
amounting to $124,725.74. Cecilia’s use of cash cheques can easily be
explained by the fact that she did not have enough cash on hand to fully
settle the losses in the Kim Eng account. After Cecilia had made the first
payment of $58,295.44, she was only able to cough up a further $50,000, even
though the losses stood at over $66,000. The appellant had assured Cecilia
that she would handle things with Kim Eng and that the appellant had the
ability to ensure that Cecilia’s account would not be suspended or made
delinquent since the appellant was good friends with Daniel Ng.

38 In light of my observations earlier, I was of the view that the totality of
the evidence showed that the appellant’s defence could not be believed and
that the district judge was correct in preferring the prosecution’s version of
the facts.

39 Having reviewed all the evidence and considered counsel’s submissions on
appeal, I saw no reason for me to conclude that the district judge erred in
convicting the appellant on both charges against her. The district judge’s
findings were neither against the weight of the evidence nor unsupportable. In
the result, I dismissed the appellant’s appeal against conviction. I now turn
to the appeal against sentence.

**The appeal against sentence**

40 Counsel for the appellant contended that the sentence imposed by the
district judge was manifestly excessive in light of the district judge’s
failure to consider certain mitigating factors and the fact that the sentence
imposed was out of line with previous similar cases.

**Mitigating factors**

41 Counsel for the appellant drew the court’s attention to a number of
mitigating factors which he felt were not adequately considered by the
district judge.

_First offender_

42 Counsel for the appellant averred that the district judge did not take due
account of the fact that the appellant was a first offender. While an
offender’s clean record is generally accepted as having some mitigating value,
I recently held in _Chen Weixiong Jerriek v Public Prosecutor_ [2003] SGHC 103
that it is the prerogative of the court to refuse to consider as a first time
offender anyone who has been charged with multiple offences, even if he has no
prior convictions.

43 In any case, even if the appellant were to be regarded as a first offender,
the absence of antecedents had to be weighed in the balance against other
considerations, the most crucial of which was the public interest:
_Balasubramanian Palaniappa Vaiyapuri v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 1 SLR 314. I
was of the view that the appellant’s previously unblemished record carried
very little weight in light of the need to ensure that avaricious and
unscrupulous tricksters like the appellant were prevented from preying on the
innocent and were duly punished for their misdeeds.

_Restitution_

44 I was similarly unmoved by counsel’s submission that partial restitution
had been made. Counsel submitted that out of the $50,000 that was
misappropriated by the appellant, a sum of $21,028.90 was paid by the
appellant into Cecilia’s DBS Securities account to account of share trading
losses incurred therein. This could hardly be considered as restitution since,
under the terms of the share trading agreement, any losses were to have been
borne by the appellant and Tan.

_Appellant’s age_

45 Counsel also drew the court’s attention to the fact that the appellant was
53 years old and was ‘not physically or mentally equipped to enter the prison
system’. It is established law that there is no general rule mandating the
giving of a discount for a person of advanced years: _Krishan Chand v Public
Prosecutor_ [1995] 2 SLR 291. As for the appellant’s ability to cope in prison
in light of her physical condition, I made clear in _Public Prosecutor v Ong
Ker Seng_ [2001] 4 SLR 180 that ill health is not a mitigating factor save in
the most exceptional circumstances. I was of the opinion that there was
nothing particularly exceptional on the facts of this case which would warrant
considering the appellant’s age or health as mitigating factors.

**Aggravating factors**

46 Indeed, I noted that there were significant aggravating factors in this
case. I disagreed with counsel’s submissions that the district judge had erred
in finding that the appellant’s behaviour in the trial below was an
aggravating factor. It is established law that an accused person’s bad
behaviour in court can be considered an aggravating factor. As I noted in
_Zeng Guo Yuan v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 3 SLR 321:

Certainly an accused is entitled to raise any type of defence necessary to his
case, a scandalous – or even vexatious – defence notwithstanding. The
scandalous nature of a defence nevertheless, cannot be an unqualified excuse
for an unbridled performance in the courtroom.

47 I was of the view that the appellant had shown an exceptional contempt for
the proceedings at the trial below. The appellant continually badgered Cecilia
during cross-examination and refused to answer direct questions from the court
on the relevancy of her cross-examination tactics. The appellant continually
accused the court interpreter of not interpreting Tan’s evidence correctly and
even resorted to questioning Tan in Mandarin at some points because she
disagreed with the translation. On several occasions, she refused to allow the
interpreter to translate Tan’s evidence and translated it herself, resulting
in the district judge having great difficulty hearing Tan’s answers. The
appellant even had the audacity to accuse the district judge of bias or
prejudice against her. She accused the court of refusing to look at her
documents and of allowing the DPP to bring in evidence which were ‘all lies’.

48 I took the view that the appellant’s behaviour in court was sufficiently
serious to warrant it being taken into account as an aggravating factor.

**Whether the sentence was out of line with previous similar cases**

49 In support of the appellant’s contention that the sentence imposed was
manifestly excessive, counsel for the appellant cited _Phua Mong Seng @ Pan
Mao Sheng Richard v Public Prosecutor,_ MA 263/2002, DAC 55471-02/2000, DC, an
unreported judgment dated 12 December 2001. In _Phua Mong Seng_ , the accused
was sentenced to six months imprisonment for misappropriating $30,000. Counsel
pointed out that this sum was equal to the larger sum misappropriated in
respect of the two charges faced by the appellant and that there were
aggravating factors in _Phua Mong Seng_ , including the fact that the accused
had fabricated evidence.

50 Counsel also cited _Mak Tuck Chee v Public Prosecutor_ , MA 159/2002, DAC
3261/2002, DC, unreported judgment dated 5 July 2002, where the accused was
sentenced to five months imprisonment for misappropriating a sum of $27,707.
In sentencing the accused, the district judge noted that there were
significant mitigating factors, including the fact that the accused was a
first offender, had pleaded guilty and had made full restitution. The district
judge noted that, in the absence of these factors, the appropriate sentence
would have been between nine to 12 months imprisonment.

**Principles of sentencing**

51 The principle of proportionality in sentencing in respect of criminal
breach of trust cases was discussed by Chan Sek Keong J (as he then was) in
_Wong Kai Chuen Philip v Public Prosecutor_ [1990] SLR 1011:

In an offence of criminal breach of trust, it was a matter of common sense
that, all things being equal, the larger the amount dishonestly
misappropriated the greater the culpability of the offender and the more
severe the sentence of the court.

52 This passage must be read together with _Amir Hamzah bin Berang Kutty v
Public Prosecutor_ [2003] 1 SLR 617, where I held that in sentencing accused
persons on charges of criminal breach of trust, the court’s discretion is
never restricted by the amount involved and each case must be looked at on its
own facts. The value of property is not the sole factor in determining the
sentence.

53 It is well-settled, on the authority of _Tan Koon Swan v Public Prosecutor_
[1986] SLR 126, that one of the grounds on which an appellate court may
interfere in a sentence imposed by a lower court is if it is satisfied that
the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive.

54 Besides considering the cases cited by counsel, I also took into account
_Ang Chee Huat v Public Prosecutor_ , MA 48/96/01, DC, an unreported judgment
dated 5 May 1996, where the misappropriated sum (approximately $333,000) was
over ten times the amount in the more serious charge faced by the appellant.
The accused in _Ang Chee Huat_ did not make any restitution and had claimed
trial, but was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of 33 months, a mere five
months more than the appellant’s sentence.

55 After considering _Ang Chee Huat_ and the cases cited by counsel, I was
drawn to conclude that the sentence of 27 months imprisonment in respect of
each charge was manifestly excessive and that a more appropriate sentence was
15 months imprisonment in respect of each charge. In light of the appellant’s
atrocious behaviour in court and the severity of her offences, I ordered the
sentences to run consecutively, for a total sentence of 30 months
imprisonment. I was of the view that the sentence of 30 months imprisonment
would not offend the totality principle, in light of the overall gravity of
the appellant’s criminal conduct and the numerous aggravating factors in this
case.

_Appeal against conviction dismissed; appeal against sentence allowed_.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Jul 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

