Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Yeow Beng Chye  
[2003] SGHC 74

Case Number | : | MA 271/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  G Kannan and Royston Ng (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the appellant; Singa Retnam and V G Kurup (Singa Retnam, Kurup & Associates) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Yeow Beng Chye   
  
Criminal Law – Illegal gratification – Multiple inconsistencies in key
witness's testimony leading to amendment of majority of charges – Whether
inconsistencies destroyed prosecution's case – Prevention of Corruption Act
(Cap 241) s 6(a)  
  
Criminal Law – Mixed statement – Reliability of incriminating parts – Judge's
discretion on weight to be given to incriminating parts  
  
Criminal Law – Lack of motive to falsely implicated accused – Where the burden
of proof lay  
  

1 This was an appeal against the decision of district judge Tey Tsun Hang. The
respondent, Yeow Beng Chye (‘Yeow’), a police intelligence officer, was tried
on 24 charges, all under s 6(a) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241).
The charges alleged that he had corruptly accepted gratification from an
Indonesian prostitute working in the Geylang vicinity, Emalia Susilawati
(‘Emalia’), on 24 occasions between March 1999 and August 2001, as a reward
for helping her stay on in Singapore by extending her visas through special
passes for monthly extensions.

2 The district judge acquitted Yeow on all 24 charges after the defence was
called. The prosecution appeared before me to appeal against the district
judge’s decision with regards to the first four charges.

**The facts**

3 Yeow was a police intelligence officer attached to the Divisional
Intelligence Branch of the Central Police Station. Emalia was recruited as a
police informer for Yeow. Emalia would gather information about illegal
activities and pass it on to Yeow. The reward for Emalia was to have her visa
extended.

**The prosecution’s case**

4 The gist of the allegation by Emalia was that she could not come up with the
information that Yeow wanted. Yet she wished to stay on in Singapore to
continue working as a prostitute. In order to have her visa extended, she gave
money to Yeow to keep her on as a police informer. Emalia alleged that she had
not come up with the bulk of the information contained in the police’s source
working file which had been attributed to her. The prosecution’s case was that
Yeow had forged the information or falsely credited the information to Emalia
so that she could continue staying in Singapore. In return, Yeow received from
Emalia an initial payment of $1,500 and 23 subsequent payments of $1000 each.

5 However, Emalia changed her testimony half-way through the trial, with the
result that 20 out of the 24 charges had to be amended by the prosecution at
the close of the prosecution’s case. For these 20 charges, the time, location
and even the sums of money of the alleged transactions had to be amended.

**The appeal**

6 The district judge found “serious inconsistencies” in Emalia’s testimony and
considered her allegations “incredible”. As a result, he was not satisfied
that the charges were proven by the prosecution beyond reasonable doubt after
the defence was called. He also found credible evidence of grudges on Emalia’s
part against Yeow, who had personally deported her back to Indonesia. The
district judge acquitted Yeow on all 24 charges. The prosecution appealed
against the acquittal on the first four charges, arguing that the district
judge had erred by failing to give due weight to the accused’s mixed statement
to the police, by giving undue weight to inconsistencies in Emalia’s testimony
and by coming to certain conclusions on the facts. I shall first deal with the
inconsistencies.

The inconsistencies

(i) How Emalia came to be a police informer

7 Emalia claimed that she had become a police informer on her own initiative.
She had been arrested on 8 February 1999 by the police for overstaying on her
visa. At the police lock-up, she claimed to have told one police officer that
she had information about Indonesians selling drugs at Geylang. Thereafter,
Yeow interviewed her, whereupon she asked Yeow to give her one week to look
for information on the drug seller.

8 However, the former Head of Intelligence at the Central Police Station, ASP
Bakurdeen, Yeow’s superior at that time, testified that it was in fact his
idea that Yeow and his colleagues randomly look up detainees at police lock-
ups to recruit as police informers. In his examination-in-chief, he testified:

It was me who initiated the whole thing by telling Yeow we should recruit
foreign nationals as sources because the incident of crime by foreigners in
Geylang was high at that time.

ASP Bakurdeen was offered by the prosecution to the defence. His credit was
not challenged by the prosecution.

9 Yeow’s colleague, Staff Sergeant Chong Wei Tong, also made it clear that he
was with Yeow when they randomly picked up those in the police lock-up for
interview. He testified that they had picked out Emalia’s name from the
suspects’ list at the lock-up. His credit was not challenged by the
prosecution who had offered him as a witness to the defence.

10 The district judge concluded that “this showed that Emalia had been rather
economical with the truth when she claimed that she was the one who initiated
it (sic) to a police officer to be a police informer”.

(ii) Whether Emalia knew one Mohd Habib

11 It was part of the defence that Yeow had tried to help solve the
relationship problem between Emalia and her ‘boyfriend’, one Mohd Habib. When
Emalia was cross-examined on this issue, she first denied ever knowing Mohd
Habib, and then admitted that he was Yeow’s informer and that she was the one
who introduced him to Yeow. An extract of the cross-examination is reproduced
below (emphasis added):

Cross-examination

Q: Did you not have a Bangladeshi boyfriend?

A: Yes, I have.

Q: **Mohd Habib?**

A: **No, I don’t know him.**

Q: You used to call Manah?

A: My boyfriend is Mr Alam, a Bangladeshi.

Q: **Is Mohd Habib a Bangladeshi?**

A: **Yes, he’s informer to Andy.**

Q: **You were the one who introduced him to Andy?**

A: **Yes, agree.**

The district judge considered this to be another instance in which Emalia had
not been “forthcoming” and “was deliberately evasive on this issue”.

(iii) Ah Sing’s role

12 Emalia made the police report to CPIB with the help of prosecution witness
Teo Koon Sing (‘Teo’). In her examination-in-chief, she admitted to telling
Yeow that ‘there was an Indonesian Chinese who brought Indonesian girls to
prostitute in Singapore’ by the name of ‘Ah Sing’. Later in reply to a
question by the court, she denied that Teo was a pimp. There was a contact
note, whose authenticity was not challenged by the prosecution, which showed
that Yeow got the information that ‘Ah Sing’ was a pimp from Emalia herself.
On the assumption that Teo must have been ‘Ah Sing’, the district judge
concluded that “Emalia also showed that she was willing to twist the facts on
‘Ah Sing’”.

(iv) Discrepancy between Emalia and Ah Sing about their dealings

13 The district judge noted that while Emalia told the court that Teo was a
“good friend” of hers, Teo tried to change that impression and said that she
was “just a friend”.

14 In addition, Emalia claimed that it was Teo who offered to bring her to the
police to lodge a police report. She was scared but Teo offered again to bring
her to make a police report. She went along. However, Teo had a different
version of the story. He claimed that Emalia was the one who “wanted to make a
police report”.

(v) Emalia’s testimony regarding alleged payments to Yeow

15 In the first place, Emalia had given information to CPIB of non-existent
HDB apartment block numbers, where she supposedly gave money to Yeow. She
changed her testimony regarding the venue of some of the offences from Block
51 Bedok Reservoir Road, a non-existent block, to Block 149 and claimed that
it was because Block 149 is near Block 150 and 151 and she merely forgot to
mention the ‘1’. She also changed Block 221, another non-existent block, to
Block 122 and claimed that the latter block was near Block 149 even though it
was about 400 metres away. She tried to explain these inconsistencies by
saying that she could have been mistaken or that it was just a lapse of
memory.

16 There were also other discrepancies regarding the venues in which some of
the offences were alleged to have taken place. In October 1999 (charge 6),
Yeow was supposed to have received $1000 at the Shaw Tower carpark. However,
due to Emalia’s testimony, the charge was amended and the offence was then
alleged to have been carried out at the Central Police Station. In November
1999 (charge 7), Yeow was supposed to have received money at Shaw Tower
carpark. However, due to Emalia’s testimony, the charge was amended so that
the offence was then allegedly carried out at the SIR Building.

17 In addition, Emalia gave flip-flopping testimony regarding the dates when
she claimed to have given the sums of money to Yeow. According to the schedule
given by Emalia to the CPIB, no payments were made in July and August 1999,
but in the amended charges she was supposed to have paid Yeow $1000 in July
1999. In the schedule, Yeow was supposed to have received $1000 in September
1999 but due to Emalia’s testimony in court, there was no charge on this
alleged payment.

18 Some of the allegations of payments also appeared incredible. For instance,
in December 1999 (charge 8), Yeow was supposed to have received $1000 from
Emalia. However, it was not disputed by the prosecution that Yeow was in fact
away in Vietnam on a holiday during this period. This was independently
verified by the stamp on Yeow’s passport.

19 In other instances, Emalia testified to having given Yeow money on
occasions when, as the stamps on her passport showed, she was either out of
the country or had obtained fresh social visit visas from Changi Airport at
the immigration checkpoints. For example, charge 5 was that she had allegedly
given money to Yeow on 4 July 1999 for an extension of her visa. Yet her
passport showed that she had left Singapore on 5 July 1999. Neither was there
any extension of her visa on 4 July 1999. Another example was with charge 9,
where she claimed to have given Yeow money on 17 January 2000. However, her
passport showed that Emalia left Singapore on 6 January 2000 and returned to
Singapore only on 1 February 2000. Moreover, Emalia’s passport showed that the
visa obtained at the time of charge 13 was given at the immigration checkpoint
and was not a visa extension, so Yeow’s “help” could not have been required.

20 As Emalia had testified with her passport in front of her and had the
benefit of an Indonesian interpreter beside her interpreting every page of the
passport and explaining the content of every visa stamp, the district judge
was convinced that “Emalia’s testimony was unreliable and full of deliberate
distortions” and that “in such circumstances, serious doubt had been cast on
Emalia’s credibility”.

21 There were also inconsistencies regarding the sums of payment. In the
schedule given by Emalia to CPIB, none of the entries was for $500. However,
in charge 13, she claimed to have given Yeow $500. Since she had earlier told
the court in her examination-in-chief that every time Yeow helped her to
obtain a visa extension, she would pay him $1000, the district judge regarded
the $500 allegation as a “serious flip-flopping in cross-examination” which
“was most telling”. In addition, charge 16 alleged that Emalia had given Yeow
$1000 on 17 October 2000 for a visa extension. When it was pointed out to her
that her passport showed that she had left Singapore on 5 November 2000, she
then said that she had in fact only given Yeow $750 for an extension of 3
weeks.

(vi) The prosecution’s appeal on the inconsistencies

22 The prosecution argued that the inconsistencies in Emalia’s testimony as to
dates, locations and amounts only related to the other charges apart from the
first four which were the subject of the appeal. Moreover, even if the
inconsistencies on the other charges were taken into account when dealing with
the first four charges, given the number of charges and the period of time
over which the offences were committed, the inconsistencies should not have
been given much weight. The prosecution also pointed out that some of the
inconsistencies were minor and had little or no bearing on the case. Moreover,
Emalia had no opportunity to confirm the HDB block numbers until she was
brought to the scene.

23 It is trite law that not every inconsistency will destroy a prosecution’s
case. In _PP v Yeo Gek Hong_ [2003] SGHC [61], I had considered some of the
inconsistencies in that case as not in fact warranting the magistrate’s
findings that they were “persistent and brazen changes in testimony”. One
inconsistency was that the witness thought that she had made the police report
on March 2 and was therefore of the opinion that she had been assaulted on
March 1, the day before she made the report. The police report however showed
that it was made on March 3. However, I was of the opinion that there could be
“no sinister motive… ascribed to her getting the date of the police report
wrong, as that date, of all the many bandied about by the parties, was the
only one capable of independent verification”. As such, the witness’s
“confused chronology could not be a basis for treating her credit as
impeached”, taking into account that the events narrated had taken place one
and a half years before the proceedings below.

24 In this case, I also recognised that there were indeed a few
inconsistencies of _“Yeo Gek Hong_ inconsequentiality”. For instance, the
district judge noted that while Emalia told the court that Teo was a “good
friend” of hers, Teo said that she was “just a friend”. What Emalia thought of
Teo need not necessarily coincide with how Teo regarded her and this had
little bearing on the case. Whether they were really good friends or not also
had little to do with whether Yeow was indeed corrupt. Even if Emalia and Teo
were not that close, Emalia could still have given false testimony against
Yeow without the help of Teo who merely brought her to make the police report.
We were not dealing with a case of whose responsibility it was for giving
false testimony, if there was indeed any, against Yeow, so the relationship
between Teo and Emalia was inconsequential to this case.

25 I was also of the view that whether Emalia had volunteered to be a police
informer or had signed up only after being approached by Yeow was also of
minor consequence. It was clear from ASP Bakurdeen’s testimony that he was the
one who initiated the idea of having police informers and told Yeow to
approach some random people in the lock-up. However, whether it was of
Emalia’s own initiative that she came to be a police informer did not point
conclusively to whether she lacked the necessary information so that she had
to end up bribing Yeow in order to stay on as a police informer and get her
visa extensions.

26 At the same time, it was quite clear to me that the other inconsistencies
were more serious. The district judge had carefully detailed the wide scale of
Emalia’s flip-flopping testimony, ranging from confusion of dates and venues
to amounts paid. Although it was true that, given the number of charges and
the period of time over which the offences were given, Emalia could not be
expected to remember every single detail, there were nevertheless
inconsistencies that did not accord with a memory lapse. For instance, Emalia
had testified, with her passport in front of her and with the aid of an
interpreter, that she had given Yeow money on 17 January 2000. However, her
passport showed that Emalia left Singapore on 6 January 2000 and returned to
Singapore only on 1 February 2000. For some of the other charges, Emalia’s
visas were fresh social visit visas given at the immigration checkpoints, such
as Changi Airport, where Emalia did not obtain and could not have obtained
Yeow’s help in obtaining such visas.

27 Emalia’s numerous inconsistencies regarding the dates, locations and
amounts given showed a systematic confusion. Even after discounting the minor
inconsistencies, her other inconsistencies had cumulatively weakened the
prosecution’s case. What a one-off inconsistency due to memory lapses could
not do, a systematic and widespread pattern of many inconsistencies coming
together had managed to bring down the prosecution’s case. Against these
objective inconsistencies, I did not think that the district judge had erred
in finding Emalia a less than credible witness. Although it was true that, as
Thomson CJ in _Khoon Chye Hin v PP_ [1961] MLJ 105 at 107 put it, “to say…
that because a witness has been proved a liar on one or two points then the
whole of his evidence ‘must in law be rejected’ is to go too far and is
wrong”, Emalia’s systematic and extensive inconsistencies could properly be
said to have destroyed much of her credibility with regard to her entire
testimony.

Yeow’s mixed statement

28 At the end of a _voir dire_ , the district judge admitted a mixed statement
given by Yeow to the CPIB. In _Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 25, I
followed the decisions in _R v Findlay Duncan_ [1981] 73 Cr App R 359 and
_Chan Kim Choi v PP_ [1991] SLR 34, [1991] 1 MLJ 260, and held that, where a
mixed statement was under consideration, the whole statement, both the
incriminating parts and the excuses or explanations, must be considered in
deciding where the truth lay. Equally, however, the incriminating parts were
likely to be true whereas the excuses did not have the same weight.

29 The district judge, however, did not consider the incriminating part to be
reliable. This was due to the discrepancies between what Yeow seemed to have
admitted in his mixed statement and what Emalia had testified. For instance,
the district judge noted that, while Yeow in his statement seemed to have said
that there was a prior meeting where money was offered before the first
payment of $1000 was made by Emalia, Emalia claimed that Yeow had accepted the
money at her first offer and the sum given was $1500. This discrepancy
concerned the first charge which was the subject of this appeal.

30 Moreover, the district judge noted that “the mixed statement too, contained
HDB block numbers that were non-existent, and a schedule of payment that was
later shown by Emalia herself to be incorrect”. Yeow had earlier stated in his
statement that he wished to plea guilty to all the charges contained in the
schedule. However, he later added in handwriting to the typed-written
statement: “I wish to state that I had never met Lia (Emalia) at the staircase
of Block 51, Bedok Reservoir Road or the staircase of Block 221 Bedok
Reservoir Road to collect any money from her.” Not only had Yeow not clearly
and unambiguously admitted to all the charges, he had also attempted to admit
to charges that later proved to be incredible and incontrovertibly wrong.

31 I found that the district judge was within the boundaries of _Kelvin Chai_
in reaching this finding of fact. _Kelvin Chai_ retained the trial judge’s
discretion to make his own conclusion about the reliability of the
incriminating parts of a mixed statement, even though its guidelines were that
the incriminating parts were more likely to be true. This might not be the
case where there were inconsistencies between the witness’s testimony and the
incriminating parts of the statement, as in this case. Neither could it be the
case where the accused had incriminated himself in an ambiguous manner and
with impossible charges. Although these charges were not the subject of this
appeal, the mixed statement was nevertheless rendered unreliable. The district
judge was correct in giving little weight to Yeow’s statement.

Conclusion of facts

(i) Identifying prosecution witness Teo Koon Sing to be the pimp ‘Ah Seng’
referred to in a contact note

32 The prosecution complained that the judge had erred in equating prosecution
witness Teo, the one who brought Emalia to make the police report, with the
pimp ‘Ah Seng’ referred to in the contact note. I found that, even if this was
not so, Emalia’s inconsistencies still could not be discounted or explained
away. Moreover, Teo’s testimony had little bearing on whether Yeow was indeed
bribed since the former was not an eye-witness to any of the alleged incidents
of bribery. His testimony as self-corroborating evidence for Emalia only
carried little weight against the massive number of inconsistencies elsewhere.

(ii) Concluding that Emalia had a motive for fabricating allegations against
Yeow

33 In following _Khoo Kwoon Hain v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 767 which held that the
burden of proving a lack of motive to falsely implicate an accused was on the
prosecution, the district judge found that the prosecution had failed to
discharge its burden. Instead, he found credible evidence of grudges against
Yeow on Emalia’s part. First, she was personally deported back to Indonesia by
Yeow when she failed to produce any more information for the police. Second,
when she came back to Singapore again and was robbed, she called Yeow for
assistance but was flatly turned down by him. These were facts that were not
disputed by the prosecution. A mere assertion that Emalia was not in fact
upset with Yeow for deporting her did not discharge the prosecution’s burden.
Yeow’s testimony that Emalia “did not show any expression” when he deported
her was also neither here nor there. I found the district judge justified in
finding that the prosecution had failed to prove that Emalia bore no grudges
against Yeow to want to falsely implicate him.

(iii) Concluding that the information in all the contact notes came from
Emalia

34 Emalia alleged that she only gave a few pieces of information to Yeow. The
rest were forged by Yeow in the form of contact notes, so that Emalia would
continue to be seen as a ‘productive source’ and could get her visa
extensions.

35 However, Yeow’s superior at that time, ASP Bakurdeen testified that the
information in Emalia’s file did produce results. For instances, Emalia denied
giving information to Yeow that there were 20 male Indians staying at 18A
Veerasamy Road. However, the intelligence file contained a report put up by
Yeow showing that subsequent arrests were made following such tip-off from
Emalia. In addition, the intelligence report showed that 15 Indian illegal
migrants residing at 22A Cuff Road and 10 Bangladeshi illegal immigrants
residing at No. 17A Lorong 13 Geylang were arrested following alleged tip-offs
by Emalia who denied providing such information.

36 The district judge noted that the prosecution had failed to adduce any
evidence that the information and tip-offs came from some other sources,
despite the fact that at the relevant time, Yeow had two other sources apart
from Emalia, one of whom was a male Bangladeshi introduced to him by Emalia
herself. Although the prosecution highlighted the fact that Yeow himself had
admitted that the police intelligence officers sometimes shared information
with each other, they were nonetheless unable to produce a police officer that
could testify to having shared with Yeow the information in the contact notes
which Emalia had denied providing. Moreover, the fact that some of the tip-
offs were with regards to places geographically far from Geylang where Emalia
worked had little or no evidential value and was not conclusive of anything.
It is not reasonable to assume that police sources are only able to provide
tip-offs of crimes near their workplace.

37 Under such circumstances, and with the opportunity to observe the demeanour
of the witnesses, the district judge was not wrong in coming to the conclusion
that all the information in the contact notes could have come from no other
than Emalia herself. The prosecution did not prove otherwise and it was not
for the defence to disprove the accusation.

**Conclusion**

38 Having the advantage of the district judge’s careful detailing of the
numerous inconsistencies in the key witness Emalia’s testimony, and seeing
that the prosecution had failed to prove that Emalia bore no grudges against
Yeow or that Yeow had in fact forged the contact notes which contained
reliable and fruitful information, I agreed with the district judge that the
case against Yeow had not been proved beyond reasonable doubt and I dismissed
the appeal.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

