Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ever Lucky Shipping Co Ltd v Sunlight Mercantile Pte Ltd and Another  
[2003] SGHC 80

Case Number | : | Suit 1266/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jude P Benny with Magdalene Chew and Tan Hui Tsing (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for the Plaintiffs; Richard Kuek with R Govintharasah (Gurbani & Co) for the Defendants   
Parties | : |  Ever Lucky Shipping Co Ltd — Sunlight Mercantile Pte Ltd; Liberty Citystate Insurance Pte Ltd   
  
Admiralty and Shipping – General average – York antwerp rules – Right to
general average contribution – Whether shipowners entitled to general average
contribution of cargo interests (adjusted in accordance with York Antwerp
Rules 1974) – Whether there was actionable fault on the part of shipowners –
Rule D of the York Antwerp Rules 1974.  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Carriage of goods by sea – Seaworthiness – In
relation to cargo loaded under deck, whether shipowners failed before and at
the beginning of the voyage to exercise due diligence to make vessel seaworthy
– Articles 3 and 4 of the Hague Rules.  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Carriage of goods by sea – Seaworthiness – In
relation to deck cargo, whether shipowners were in breach of implied
undertaking to make vessel seaworthy before and at the beginning of the
voyage.  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Carriage of goods by sea – Seaworthiness – Whether
there was latent defect in vessel that could not have been detected by
exercise of due diligence – Article 4 of the Hague Rules.  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Limitation of liabilities – Hague Rules- Deck cargo
not covered by the Hague Rules but subject to separate contract between
parties – Whether exemption clauses in bills of lading would enable shipowners
to pursue claim for contribution in respect of deck cargo.  
  

**Introduction**

1 On December 24, 1999, the main engine of the vessel ‘Pep Nautic’ broke down
while the vessel was sailing off the coast of southwest Africa on a voyage to
the port of Tuticorin, India. The vessel was then laden with a cargo of logs.
The owners of the vessel, the plaintiffs in this action, Ever Lucky Shipping
Company Limited (‘the shipowners’), subsequently arranged for the vessel to be
towed first to Luanda, then to Cape Town, and finally to Tuticorin, where the
cargo was discharged and delivered.

2 This action has been brought by the shipowners to recover from the first
defendants, as the owners of the cargo, and the second defendants who, as the
insurers of the cargo gave a guarantee in respect of such liability, the
general average contribution of the cargo interests (adjusted in accordance
with the York Antwerp Rules 1974) to the costs and expenses incurred by the
shipowners resulting from the breakdown. The claim is resisted on the ground
that the general average sacrifice was occasioned by the actionable fault of
the shipowners and therefore the cargo interests cannot be forced to
contribute to the expenses incurred.

**Background**

3 The vessel was built as a bulk log carrier in Spain in 1977. It was a small
vessel with a gross registered tonnage of 8,980 tonnes. The main engine was a
Stork Werkspoor TM410L 12 cylinder engine. It had a brake horsepower of 8,500
and was capable of working at a maximum load of 570 rpm. On completion of
construction, the vessel was classed with Lloyds Register of Shipping
(‘Lloyds’).

4 The vessel changed ownership several times over the years. In January 1994,
it was acquired by its third owner, Greta Shipping Co Ltd, and renamed
‘Alexandros P’. The vessel was then sailing under the Cypriot flag and was
still classed with Lloyds. No change of classification society or flag took
place on the change of ownership.

5 By April 1999, the vessel was due to undergo the five-yearly special
classification surveys for both hull and machinery mandated by Lloyds for
maintenance of its classification status. These, however, were not done at
that time and Lloyds granted Greta Shipping permission to postpone the surveys
to July 1999. In May 1999, the vessel arrived at Piraeus and was put up for
sale.

6 At about that time, Crossworld Shipping Ltd (‘Crossworld’), a company that
is incorporated in the United Emirates and operates several vessels on behalf
of Alpha Emirates, a Dubai company, was looking for a bulk log carrier for
Alpha Emirates. They were informed about the availability of the vessel and
sent a surveyor to inspect it. The surveyor reported that the vessel was in a
good and satisfactory condition and much better than could have been expected
for a vessel of its age (22 years) and type. Unfortunately, before
Crossworld’s negotiations could bear fruit, the vessel was sold to another
company, SMC Ltd, incorporated in Liberia but owned by Syrian parties.

7 SMC Ltd took delivery of the vessel around the end of May 1999. They re-
flagged it under the Cambodian flag and changed its name to ‘Haj Ibrahim’. A
Syrian crew was put on board. The vessel was taken out of Lloyds and classed
with the International Naval Surveys Bureau (‘INSB’), which at the time was
not an internationally recognised classification society. INSB became a member
of the International Association of Technical Survey and Classification
Institutions in May 2001.

8 On 20 September 1999, the INSB issued an attestation confirming that:

(a) commencement of special hull/machinery surveys for the vessel had been
carried out from 4 to 12 June 1999 at Istanbul, Turkey, and

(b) on satisfactory completion of these surveys the vessel would be supplied
with full term class certificates with five years validity.

9 Under the ownership of SMC, the vessel undertook two voyages. The first was
to Novorossisk in the Black Sea back to Damietta, Egypt, and the second was
from Turkey to Lagos, West Africa.

10 In the meantime, Alpha Emirates had maintained their interest in purchasing
the vessel and Crossworld continued to watch its movements. Crossworld then
negotiated with SMC for the purchase of the vessel. A second survey of the
vessel was arranged with SMC and was conducted on 27 June 1999 at Damietta,
Egypt. Two representatives from Crossworld, one of whom was their managing
director, Mr R Srinivasan, boarded the vessel for inspection. Mr Srinivasan
was satisfied from his inspection of the vessel and his interviews with
selected crewmen that it was a well-maintained vessel and in good condition.

11 SMC eventually agreed to sell the vessel. The shipowners were incorporated
in St Vincent and the Grenadines for the purpose of becoming the registered
owner of the vessel. SMC wanted to effect delivery in West Africa as they had
already fixed a voyage for the vessel from the Ukraine to Lagos. In
anticipation of such delivery, the shipowners entered into a contract to carry
West African round logs from three ports in West Africa to Tuticorin in India.

12 The vessel arrived in Port Owendo, Gabon on 23 September 1999. It was
physically delivered to the shipowners the next day. The shipowners changed
the vessel’s name to ‘Pep Nautic’ and its flag to that of St. Vincent and the
Grenadines. They decided, however, to maintain its class with INSB and Mr
Srinivasan therefore asked INSB to survey the vessel at Gabon. INSB sent one
Mr I.A. Hashmi to conduct the survey and he stayed on board the vessel from 24
September to 29 September for this purpose.

13 The shipowners had employed one Mr P.K. Chandran as chief engineer of the
vessel. Mr Chandran went on board the vessel on 24 September together with Mr
Hashmi and Mr Srinivasan and the rest of the new crew. Mr Chandran took over
from the outgoing chief engineer who reported to him in broken English that
everything was fine with the vessel and that his crew had not encountered any
problems with the vessel. Mr Chandran found the overall condition of the
engine room to be satisfactory. As the outgoing crewmen were all Syrian
nationals who could not converse in English, there was a communication barrier
between the two crews and, as a result, no inventory list was provided by the
outgoing crew.

14 On taking over the vessel, Mr Chandran ensured that there would be
sufficient spares on board for its requirements. He also changed the lube oil
of the main engine and generators. On the advice of Mr Hashmi, the chief
engineer and crew carried out the following maintenance work on the engine
equipment:

(1) the main engine units nos. 3 and 5 were overhauled;

(2) the oily bilge water separator was examined and tested;

(3) the main and emergency steering gear were examined and tested; and

(4) the generators were examined in idling mode and on load as well.

Apart from supervising the overhaul of the main engine units 3 and 5 by the
crew, Mr Hashmi also checked the crankcases, pistons, connecting rods, bottom
end bearing bolts, crankpins and push rods of these two units and found them
to be in satisfactory condition. Engine trials were conducted after the
overhaul and whilst the vessel was at anchorage.

15 Mr Hashmi concluded that the vessel was seaworthy. Accordingly, on 28
September 1999, INSB issued their class certificate and all other statutory
certificates for the vessel without any recommendations.

16 The vessel commenced loading of cargo at Port Owendo on 28 September 1999.
Three of the derricks then broke down and the port authorities instructed the
vessel to leave the port, repair the derricks and then return to load the rest
of the cargo. The vessel arrived at Port Gentil on 19 October. Loading at Port
Gentil was completed without delay. Thereafter, the vessel sailed to Bata,
Equatorial Guinea, arrived there on 23 October and loaded cargo. The vessel
arrived back at Port Owendo on 31 October. Due to congestion, however, it
berthed only on 22 November. Loading was completed on 26 November.

17 In total, at the three ports, the vessel took on board 2212 logs, measuring
slightly over 10,000 cubic metres, for carriage to Tuticorin. Twenty-one bills
of lading were subsequently issued by the shipowners acknowledging receipt of
the cargo. The bills of lading specifically incorporated the Hague Rules 1924.
Most of the logs were stowed in the holds but some 430 logs were loaded on
deck as noted on the relevant bills of lading.

18 While the vessel was at Port Owendo, the crew became hostile to the master
because of the death of a sick crewman. The master resigned and a new master
arrived on the vessel on 25 November. As the vessel was about to sail, the
Gabon police came on board and arrested the outgoing master and second officer
and ordered the vessel not to sail until clearance was given. Clearance
arrived on 30 November but, just prior to sailing, the master found eight
stowaways on board. Further delays ensued and the vessel was only able to
proceed to Port Gentil some days later. The stowaways were disembarked from
the vessel at Port Gentil on around 13 December. The vessel sailed from Port
Gentil on 18 December on the first leg of the voyage to Tuticorin.

19 Due to the unexpected delays in Port Gentil and Port Owendo, the provisions
on board the vessel were insufficient to last until it arrived at Durban,
which was intended to be the next port of call. The master was therefore
instructed to proceed to Cape Town that was the nearer port in order to take
on bunkers, provisions and fresh water.

20 According to the chief engineer, Mr Krishnan, on route to Cape Town the
vessel encountered reduced speed in comparison to its design factor because of
the fact that it had been at anchorage for an extensive period at Port Owendo.
This had caused the ship’s hull to be subjected to fouling by seaweed and
barnacles over and above the ageing factor of the vessel. Also, on route to
Cape Town, he had to stop the vessel on 22 and 23 December to effect repairs
because of generator failures such as ‘cooling water pipeline burst and water
condensation in the fuel oil service tank’.

21 On 24 December, at about 0410 hours, the incident that led to this action
occurred. The chief engineer stated that what had happened was that a main
engine crankcase ‘explosion’ took place. Prior to this explosion, all systems
were operating normally. The explosion was instantaneous and occurred without
any warning or indication. There was no unusual or abnormal vibration or sound
before the incident.

22 After the incident, the engine was inoperable and the vessel was adrift.
The chief engineer inspected the damage caused by the explosion. His Breakdown
Report described it as follows:

(1) main engine no. 1 starboard side crankcase inspection/relief door was
blown out,

(2) main engine no. 1 portside hot spot marks noticed at no. 1 portside
crankpin,

(3) crankshaft unit no. 1 webside ridges found with sharp corners,

(4) one of the two con rod bolts sheared-off (truncated) and blown out through
the starboard side crankcase door in the explosion,

(5) push rods of unit 1 portside were found bent.

Item no. 4 was, in the shipowners’ view, the most significant item of damage.
What the description given meant was that the no. 1 connecting rod bottom end
bearing bolt in the main engine had sheared and blown through the starboard
crankcase door, piercing through it.

23 Crossworld then arranged for a tugboat to tow the vessel to the nearest
port, Port Luanda, in Angola. The vessel arrived at the inner anchorage of
Port Luanda on the morning of 28 December 1999.

24 On 14 January 2000, Mr Srinivasan and a surveyor from the Salvage
Association boarded the vessel at Port Luanda. After his survey, the surveyor
informed Mr Srinivasan that the engine was no longer operable. He advised that
the vessel should be towed to Cape Town as there were no facilities available
at Port Luanda to carry out the necessary repairs. Some five days later, the
Salvage Association recommended that the shipowners consult an average
adjuster concerning when and where general average was to be declared as it
was likely that cargo interests would be required to contribute toward certain
of the costs incurred by the shipowners in relation to the incident. A report
issued by the Salvage Association on 24 January describing the damage found
and recommending extensive repairs to be carried out at Cape Town, concluded:

The cause of the initial damage to No. 1 crankpin and No. 1 portside unit can
reasonably be attributed to failure of the lower connecting rod bearing bolt,
however the reason for the failure will require that the bolt be examined
metallurgically to determine the nature of the failure. The cause of the
general failure of the main bearings can only be determined when the engine
has been dismantled however, damage to main bearings is usually associated
with loss or partial loss of lubricating oil pressure. A sample of the
lubricating oil has been taken and retained on board for analysis at the
vessel’s repair port.

25 Mr Srinivasan made the necessary arrangements for towage. On 20 February
the crew arrested the vessel for unpaid wages. Mr Srinivasan was able to
persuade the crew to withdraw their action on 23 February and the tugboat
arrived at about the same time. The vessel departed for Cape Town under tow on
24 February. Shortly afterwards, the shipowners declared general average.

26 The vessel arrived at Cape Town on 3 March. The original intention had been
to effect repairs to the engine at that port. According to Mr Srinivasan,
however, problems were encountered in obtaining a repair berth for the vessel
and unreasonable demands were made by the port authorities for the provision
of such a berth. As a result of the difficulties encountered, the vessel
remained in the anchorage and no repairs were undertaken.

27 The eventual decision taken by the shipowners was to tow the vessel to the
destination port of Tuticorin directly from Cape Town. They were concerned
that any other port in South Africa would take a position similar to that of
the Cape Town Port Authority and deny entry to the vessel. Mr Srinivasan made
further towage arrangements and the vessel left Cape Town under tow on 24
March. The day before its departure, a surveyor representing the cargo
interests, one Mr Geoffrey Needham, went on board the vessel and conducted a
short survey. Around this time, negotiations took place between the shipowners
and the cargo interests as a result of which a general average bond was
provided by the first defendants and the general average guarantee was
provided by the second defendants.

28 The vessel arrived at Tuticorin on 14 May. It had been manned by a skeleton
crew. The most senior engineering officer on board had been the third
engineer. In June, Mr Srinivasan found out that the vessel’s charts, logbooks,
other documents, binoculars and walkie-talkies were not on board. On making
enquiries he was informed by some crewmen that these items had been thrown
over board by other crewmen who wanted revenge for the dispute with the
shipowners over their wages. The vessel completed discharge of cargo at
Tuticorin on 4 June. In the meantime, Mr Srinivasan had advised the shipowners
to dispose of the vessel for scrap because the alternative of taking her to
some other shipyard for complete repairs would be extremely costly and would
take a further few months. On 29 June 2000, the shipowners sold the vessel. It
was subsequently scrapped.

**The action**

29 This action was commenced in October 2001. In the statement of claim and in
support of the claim for general average contribution, the shipowners pleaded
the occurrence of the main engine crankcase explosion on 24 December 1999, the
stoppage of the main engine, the drifting of the vessel and its subsequent
towage to Luanda, Cape Town and Tuticorin where the cargo was delivered. In
saving the vessel and its cargo from common danger as set out aforesaid, the
vessel incurred general average loss and expenditure including towage expenses
totalling US$910,288.78 of which US$746,967.18 was attributable to cargo under
the York Antwerp Rules 1974 and/or the York Antwerp Rules 1994. The sum of
US$746,987.18 was claimed as general average contribution or, alternatively,
damages.

30 The defendants filed both a defence and a counterclaim for damage to cargo.
The counterclaim was, however, withdrawn in the course of the trial. The
defence was amended several times and took its final form in July 2002, just
after the trial commenced. The main points of the defence are as follows. The
casualty caused by the main engine crankcase explosion was admitted. It was
also admitted that a general average adjustment prepared by M/s Richards Hogg
Lindley dated 28 February 2001 was delivered to the defendants. It was denied,
however, that any extraordinary sacrifice or expenditure was intentionally and
reasonably incurred for the common safety for the purpose of preserving the
ship and cargo from peril. The meat of the defence was the assertion that, in
breach of contract, the shipowners failed before and at the beginning of the
voyage to exercise due diligence to make the vessel seaworthy and, further,
that the vessel was not seaworthy at the start of the voyage. Particulars of
unseaworthiness and failure to exercise due diligence were given. Insofar as
the cargo loaded on deck was concerned, the defendants pleaded that the
shipowners in breach of their implied undertaking had failed to, before and at
the beginning of the voyage, make the vessel seaworthy and that the main
engine was liable to and did seize up during the voyage.

31 In the reply filed by the shipowners, they denied that the vessel was
unseaworthy or that they were in breach of contract. They also made a positive
averment that they had exercised due diligence before and at the beginning of
the voyage to make the vessel seaworthy. The shipowners also pleaded in the
alternative that the main engine crankcase explosion was caused by a latent
defect which was not discoverable by the exercise of due diligence on their
part.

**The issues**

32 Rule A of the York Antwerp Rules 1974 defines a general average act as
follows:

There is a general average act when, and only when, any extraordinary
sacrifice or expenditure is intentionally and reasonably made or incurred for
the common safety for the purpose of preserving from peril the property
involved in a common maritime adventure.

The rights to contribution are provided under Rule D:

Rights to contribution in general average shall not be affected, though the
event which gave rise to the sacrifice or expenditure may have been due to the
fault of one of the parties to the adventure, but this shall not prejudice any
remedies or defences which may be open against or to that party in respect of
such fault.

33 From their submissions, it is clear that the defendants are not seriously
disputing that the shipowners incurred extraordinary expenditure for the
common safety for the purpose of preserving from peril the vessel and its
cargo of round logs which were involved in a common maritime adventure. There
are some disputes over the reasonableness of the expenditure but the main
dispute is whether the shipowners have, in the light of Rule D, the right to
claim a contribution towards that expenditure from the cargo interests.

34 The shipowners agree that, under Rule D, if the general average sacrifice
resulted from their fault, that would give the defendants a cause of action
against the shipowners and the shipowners would lose their right to
contribution. The general average adjustment carried out by M/s Richards Hogg
Lindley would have, as explained in _General Average Law and Practice_ (1997
Ed, at p 66) by F D Rose, adjusted the rights and liabilities to contribution
independently of the fault of the parties to the common adventure. As Rose
goes on to explain, however, if the necessity for the general average (in this
case the damage to the main engine) has arisen from the fault of one of the
parties (in this case the shipowners) and that fault is actionable at the suit
of another party (in this case the defendant cargo owners), the rights,
remedies and defences between the two parties are preserved; in particular,
the party not at fault is prima facie not obliged to pay contribution to the
party at fault.

35 The ‘fault’ that has to be established by the defendants to escape from
general average liability has been described as a legal wrong that is
actionable as between parties at the time when the general average sacrifice
or expenditure was made. See _Goulandris Brothers Ltd v B. Goldman & Sons Ltd_
[1957] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 207. The shipowners’ position is that in this case an
actionable fault would be:

(1) a fault which caused the main engine damage which in turn gave rise to the
general average expenditure; and

(2) a fault for which the shipowners would be liable in law to the defendants.

36 The shipowners maintain that there was no actionable fault on their part
because:

(1) they had in accordance with their obligations in law and in contract,
provided a seaworthy vessel for carriage of the cargo;

(2) the matters complained of by the defendants in alleging that the vessel
was unseaworthy were not causative of the main engine damage; and

(3) the main engine damage was caused by the failure of no. 1 connecting rod
bottom end bearing bolt which had a latent defect that could not have been
detected by the exercise of due diligence.

37 The defendants have a two-pronged position. In relation to the portion of
cargo that was loaded under deck, they rely on Articles 3 and 4 of the Hague
Rules which impose an obligation on the carrier, before and at the beginning
of the voyage, to exercise due diligence to make the ship seaworthy and,
provided that obligation is complied with, relieve the carrier from liability
for loss or damage arising from unseaworthiness. They maintain that the
shipowners did not comply with this obligation and thus are liable for the
loss. As regards the deck cargo, they maintain that there was an implied term
in the contract of carriage that the shipowners undertook that the vessel was
seaworthy at the commencement of the voyage and, as a result of a breach of
that implied term, the casualty occurred. Accordingly, they would not be able
to claim general average contribution. A separate issue here is whether
certain exemption clauses in the bills of lading excluding liability for deck
cargo would be sufficient to absolve the shipowners of any actionable fault
for breach of the contract.

38 From the submissions it would appear that the defendants consider that the
issues I have to determine and the order in which they are to be determined
are:

(1) was the vessel seaworthy at the commencement of the voyage;

(2) did the shipowners exercise due diligence to make the vessel seaworthy at
the commencement of the voyage;

(3) what was the cause of the main engine failure;

(4) could this cause have been detected by the exercise of due diligence or
was it a latent defect;

(5) in respect of the cargo loaded on deck, would the exemption clauses in the
bills of lading in any event enable the shipowners to pursue the claim for
contribution; and

(6) if general average liability is established, was the quantum of
expenditure incurred reasonable.

39 The shipowners on the other hand put forward only one compendious issue
which they phrase as follows: whether the main engine failure resulted from
the shipowners’ failure to make the vessel seaworthy at the commencement of
the voyage. It seems from this formulation that the shipowners consider it
irrelevant whether or not they made the vessel seaworthy at the commencement
of the voyage and would argue that even if the vessel was unseaworthy at that
time due to a failure on their part, as long as the main engine failure did
not result from that failure, they would not be at fault. The shipowners do
not, however, concede that the vessel was unseaworthy at the commencement of
the voyage. Their stand is that the main engine damage was caused by the bolt
failure (as described in item 4 of the damage report) in spite of the fact
that they had, at the commencement of the voyage, exercised due diligence and
made the vessel seaworthy. If the shipowners had conceded that the vessel was
unseaworthy at the commencement of the voyage due to the defective state of
the bolt, then I could concentrate on whether that defect could have been
detected by the exercise of due diligence. As they have not, I will have to
consider the individual issues as formulated by the defendants.

(i) Was the vessel seaworthy at the commencement of the voyage and what was
the cause of the main engine breakdown?

(a) The law

40 I must first review the law on the test for unseaworthiness at the
commencement of the voyage. A seaworthy vessel is one that has that degree of
fitness which an ordinary owner would want it to have at the time it starts
its voyage having regard to the circumstances the vessel would probably meet
during the voyage. This is an objective test as the question to be asked is
whether a prudent owner would have required that the defect in the ship be
made good before sending his ship to sea, had he known of it. This formulation
is derived from the judgment of Scrutton LJ in _F.C. Bradley & Sons v Federal
Steam Navigation Co.,_ [1926] 24 LLR 446. It was approved in the English Court
of Appeal case of _The “Fjord Wind”_ [2000] 2 LLR 191 and the court also
approved the holding of the trial judge, Moore-Bick J, that seaworthiness is
not an absolute concept but is relative to the nature of the ship, to the
particular voyage and even to the particular stage of the voyage.

41 Also relevant on the question of what inferences should be drawn from the
breakdown of the vessel is the following passage from the judgment of the
trial judge quoted by the Court of Appeal (at p 198):

… The yardstick of the prudent owner in this context simply reflects the fact
that seaworthiness is to be judged by reference to the realities of commercial
life and does not require absolute perfection. Thus it might be the case that
a prudent owner when told about the existence of a particular defect might
quite properly decide that the risk of its causing loss was so remote that it
need not be made good immediately but could be left to a more convenient
occasion. It remains the case, however, that seaworthiness as such is
concerned with the condition of the vessel herself at the relevant time rather
than with whether the owner has behaved prudently in sending her to sea in
that condition. Where, as here, a vessel suffers a serious casualty without
any outside intervention, the natural inference is that there was something
wrong with her which a prudent owner would have rectified if he had known
about it. I do not think it makes any difference for this purpose whether the
defect is one which can subsequently be specifically identified, such as a
crank in the component, or is one which cannot be specifically identified but
whose existence can be inferred from a propensity for failures to occur for
unknown reasons and at unpredictable intervals. What matters is whether such a
defect actually exists, and if it does, whether the risks involved in leaving
it unrepaired are sufficiently serious to require remedial action to be taken
before the ship proceeds farther. In this case I think it is clear that there
was a defect, albeit unidentified, in the vessel’s propulsion equipment which
was liable to result in a crankpin bearing failure at some time during the
voyage without warning and with potentially disastrous consequences. It had
manifested itself as a propensity for crankpin bearings to fail at
unpredictable intervals, and I have little doubt that a prudent owner, if he
had been aware of the nature of the defect, would have taken steps to correct
it rather than risk the consequences. I am satisfied, therefore, that the
vessel was unseaworthy both when she left Rosario and, for that matter, when
she left Barcelona at the beginning of her approach voyage.

42 The defendants submitted that since the vessel did encounter an engine
breakdown on 24 December 1999, about six days after the commencement of her
voyage from Port Gentil, and since there had been no external intervention
leading to such breakdown, the natural inference would be that the vessel was
unseaworthy at the commencement of the voyage by reason of the fact that there
was something wrong with it which a prudent owner would have rectified had he
known of it. That may be the natural inference but one must also examine the
evidence to determine whether there is any reason not to draw that inference.
Since it is accepted that after the explosion on 24 December the engine was
inoperable, the way to proceed is to scrutinise the evidence and try to
ascertain what, on the balance of probabilities, was the cause of that
breakdown. Then, I would have to determine whether this cause would have made
the vessel unseaworthy at the commencement of the voyage. In the discussion
that follows, I will be dealing with issues 1 and 3.

(b) the evidence

43 The defendants assert the following matters evidence defects in the main
engine:

(1) the low revolutions per minute (‘rpm’) achieved by the engine;

(2) the engine sea trials at Port Gentil before departure;

(3) the breakdowns after departure; and

(4) its course after departure.

44 It is not in dispute that the main engine of the vessel was operated by the
crew at well below the designed engine load of 570 rpm. According to the chief
engineer, even when the vessel was sailing between the three load ports
between end September 1999 and December 1999, the operating load of the main
engine at its peak was 320 rpm. The engine logbook entries from the
commencement of the voyage on 18 December 1999 till the explosion six days
later also indicate the load on the engine as 320 rpm. The speed of the vessel
was also relatively slow. On some of the days between 18 and 24 December the
vessel’s speed varied between 5.61 knots and 7 knots. The design speed was 15
knots and the evidence was that when the vessel was owned by SMC, it had made
speeds of between 10.5 and 11.5 knots. Further, during the ten days prior to
the vessel being delivered by SMC, the latter’s crew had also operated the
engine at 320 rpm.

45 In his evidence in chief, the chief engineer did not mention the low rpm of
the engine. He explained the vessel’s slow speed on route to Cape Town as
being due to its extended stay in the Port Owendo anchorage which had caused
the hull to be fouled by seawater and barnacles. When questioned on the speed
and rpm, Mr Chandran gave various reasons at various points for the reduced
speed and rpm. First, he stated he had ‘convinced the master that he was going
through the behaviour part of the running machineries’ and also told the
master that page 2-4/I-2/16/E of the engine manual stated that an rpm of 250
was safe for the engine. It should be noted that when the engine manual was
produced, what was stated was that if one of the engine cylinders failed, then
the engine should not be operated below 250 rpm.

46 Subsequently, Mr Chandran repeated the assertion in his affidavit that the
low rpm was a result of hull fouling and the age of the vessel. Next, he
stated that his reason for running the engine at low rpm was that he wanted to
study the behaviour of the main engine and its auxiliaries and to gradually
increase the rpm. He maintained that he was not confident of running the
engine at its design load because of ‘various factors’ which he did not
elucidate. To run the engine at design load between 18 and 24 December 1999
would have been similar to reckless driving. That was an interesting comment
bearing in mind that he had had control of the main engine since 24 September
1999.

47 The chief engineer then alleged that many fishing vessels sailed along the
western coast of Africa and the low speed and rpm were maintained to avoid
colliding into them. When he was pressed as to why he had not increased the
rpm three days after leaving Port Gentil since he had testified that, given
three to four days of continuous steaming, he would increase it to 70% to 80%
of 570 rpm, Mr Chandran said that this was because only two units of the
engine had been overhauled by him and therefore he still did not have
confidence in the engine. He said he was taking his time to have a real
judgment of his own on the condition of the engine. It should be noted that
when the chief engineer was discussing the engine with the expert appointed by
the shipowners, Mr Chay Choon Chong, he had told the latter that he had run
the engine at low load because there were no previous records of its
maintenance and operation available on board and that he was monitoring its
performance to build up confidence in it.

48 Mr Srinivasan was also asked about the speed. He explained that the chief
engineer was a very cautious man. It had been his own decision to keep at a
slow speed. Mr Srinivasan twice spoke to the chief engineer about the speed
and was told on the first occasion that the speed would be increased within
two or three days and on the second occasion that it would be increased
shortly. The master had asked him to tell Mr Chandran to increase the speed
but Mr Srinivasan explained he had not wanted to push the chief engineer to do
so until the latter was happy with the engine. He had been content to allow Mr
Chandran to operate the vessel on a low rpm even though he knew that the
shipowners’ profitability would be affected if the vessel was run this way.

49 Mr Chay gave a report in which he stated that, although in theory, a
correctly maintained engine of a 20 year old ship can operate at the full
engine design speed, this is not achievable in practice as consideration has
to be given to the wear and tear on the engine component parts and its
associated gears and ancillary machinery over two decades of use, increased
frictional resistance and other factors. His review of the documentary
evidence showed there was no evidence to suggest that the engine could not
have made full sea speed. He understood that the chief engineer did not want
to do so during the initial stages of the voyage and had elected instead to
first proceed at a reduced speed. The chief engineer had stated that he was
running-in the engine and this running-in period was a matter which fell
within the chief engineer’s discretion. Mr Chay found the chief engineer’s
actions to be reasonable.

50 Under cross-examination, Mr Chay admitted that, when it had been properly
maintained, the engine rpm of a 20 or 25 year old ship could be brought to its
maximum load. He also admitted that if it was true that the chief engineer had
insufficient confidence in the main engine he should not have run it at low
loads to ascertain whether it was capable of running properly at high loads
and thereby taken the risk that something might go wrong with the engine.
Although Mr Chay asserted that if he had been in the place of the chief
engineer, he would have proceeded cautiously at an acceptable minimum speed,
checked all the systems and then slowly brought the speed up as his confidence
increased, he also agreed that doing so would not be a guarantee of no engine
damage or no explosion occurring. He concluded, therefore, that what the chief
engineer and shipowners did was not justified. Later Mr Chay qualified this
reply by stating that the chief engineer’s actions had not led to the
explosion.

51 The defendants’ engineering expert, Mr William Hastings, testified that a
ship’s main engine is normally run at its maximum rpm to achieve optimum fuel
efficiency and speed. His opinion was that there is no engineering basis for
saying that an engine cannot achieve its maximum rpm because of age unless
such engine is not properly maintained or is defective in some respect.

52 Next, the defendants asserted that there had been engine repairs before the
vessel departed Port Gentil on 18 December. They asserted the evidence showed
that certain engine trials had been carried out at Port Gentil. First, their
surveyor Mr Needham had copied certain entries in the vessel’s deck log when
he boarded the vessel in Cape Town. According to him, the entry made on 15
December at 1012 hours stated ‘Anchor aweigh – vessel on sea trials and engine
tested out’. Further, the Salvage Association report stated that examination
of the engine room logbook indicated that maintenance work on the engine had
been carried out between 7 and 18 December 1999 when the air, lube oil and
jacket water coolers were cleaned. The report also stated that according to
the engine logbook, sea trials were carried out between 14 and 15 December and
were found to be satisfactory.

53 Whilst the chief engineer had admitted that engine sea trials are always
carried out when repair work on the main engine has taken place, he denied
that any main engine repairs had been effected at Port Gentil. His evidence
was that there is a difference between an engine try out and a sea trial. A
sea trial is done during manoeuvres at sea prior to a long voyage and it
involves checking the steering and oil consumption and monitoring the
condition of all machinery. The purpose of a sea trial is to check overall
operation of the vessel including the operation of the main engine. On the
other hand, an engine try out is just to try working of the engine before
putting it on standby.

54 According to the chief engineer, before 18 December, the Pep Nautic
underwent only one sea trial. This took place on 13 or 14 December when the
vessel had arrived at Port Gentil an 84 mile voyage from Gabon. When asked why
there was a need for this trial after such a short voyage, Mr Chandran replied
‘it is customary practice out at sea, when there is a variable rpm, it is not
on a steady speed, it is said all parameters maintain normal. Whenever all
watch- keeping engineers are down in engine room we just have a thorough
examination. We have conducted all the tests. He has written “sea trials
conducted” [that was a reference to the logbook entry] but it’s only
examination of machinery’. The entry in question was made by one of the engine
room crew and countersigned by the chief engineer who, under cross-
examination, maintained that it had been an oversight on his part not to
correct the entry.

55 With reference to another entry in the logbook for 15/16 December 1999
stating ‘Sea trials conducted’ and also countersigned by the chief engineer,
his position was that it too was an erroneous entry. Mr Chandran maintained
that both these entries were not sea trials because if they had been sea
trials, he would have ensured that all the main engine parameters were entered
into the logbook and that was not done in the engine logbook on these two
dates. Subsequently when Mr Chandran was shown the entry for 15 December in
the deck logbook, he admitted that there had been a sea trial on that date and
explained that there had been a slip up in the engine logbook recording on
that date. The net result of the cross-examination was that Mr Chandran was
uncertain whether there had been more than one sea trial conducted prior to
departure from Port Gentil. He did, however, confirm that the sea trial
conducted on 15 December had lasted three hours as shown in the deck logbook.

56 Mr Srinivasan was also asked about the sea trials. He admitted that he knew
two engine trials had taken place between 13 and 15 December. He asserted that
these were normal pre-voyage procedures that a pilot would insist on upon
boarding the vessel and denied that there were evidence of engine repairs
being carried out. He denied that the vessel’s departure from Port Gentil was
delayed until 18 December because of engine repairs. His explanation was that
the delay in departure resulted from the failure to pay monies owing to the
ship’s agent including payments that had to be made for the disembarkation of
the stowaways. Documents furnished by the shipowners showed that on 10
December, the shipowners owed their Gabon agent some US$22,000 and that on 14
December, the agents informed the shipowners that because they had not
received a certain sum of money (the amount is illegible) they could not
return the logbooks that the police had taken from the vessel. The shipowners
were asked ‘please clarify urgently to avoid sailing delays’. The shipowners
did not, however, furnish any evidence of when they actually sent the money to
the agents and how the sailing date of 18 December related to that remittance.

57 On this issue I find the chief engineer’s evidence and Mr Srinivasan’s
unreliable. I consider it safer to accept the written record which establishes
that there were two trials, not just one, and these were sea trials and not
just engine try-outs at anchorage.

58 Next, I come to the allegation of breakdowns having taken place after
departure. According to the vessel’s deck logbook, a generator failure took
place on 22 December and the main engine was stopped for some 12 hours from
0520 hours until 1700 hours. The vessel resumed full ahead at 2100 hours that
day after a four hour engine trial referred to in the deck logbook as ‘main
engine tried out ahead and astern’. Some four hours later, at 0100 hours on 23
December, the second breakdown occurred. The main engine was stopped again and
the vessel was adrift. At 1200 hours, the main engine was tried out ‘ahead and
astern’ and at 1930 hours, the main engine was full away. According to these
entries in the deck logbook therefore, the main engine was not fully
functional for some 18 hours.

59 As regards the first breakdown, the chief engineer maintained under cross-
examination that it was due to a problem with the no. 2 generator. He was
asked why it was necessary to stop the main engine to deal with that problem.
Mr Chandran’s answer was that he had two generators working in parallel during
the steaming-in period and he did not want to overload the no. 1 generator by
working it alone with the main engine while he attended to the problem with
no. 2. Thus, the main engine was stopped. He was asked whether he preferred to
leave the ship adrift for 12 hours. Mr Chandran agreed that one generator
would have been sufficient to take the full sea load of the vessel. He
disagreed that he had had to stop the main engine because there was something
wrong with it. He was then asked why, if it was a generator problem, it was
necessary to do a four hour engine trial. The reply was that the engine had
not been tested for four hours. The main engine was on standby and ready at
1700 hours and it was the bridge that decided that the engine should be full
away at 2100 hours. He did not give any reason why the master should keep the
vessel adrift for a further four hours after the main engine was ready at 1700
hours.

60 As regards the second breakdown, in his affidavit Mr Chandran’s only
reference to this was that he had had to stop the vessel on 22 and 23 December
to effect repairs because of generator failures. Under cross-examination, Mr
Chandran agreed that, according to the engineer’s log, there had been a
problem with the no. 6 exhaust valve in the main engine. He was asked why in
his affidavit he had not stated that the 23 December breakdown was due to a
main engine problem. His explanation was that ‘23rd was a slippage. I was
dealing with 22nd’. When asked why the vessel stopped for 18 hours when the
maximum time taken to change an exhaust valve would be two to three hours, Mr
Chandran replied that while two to three hours would be sufficient under
normal circumstances, in this case the holding stud broke and some drilling
was required to remove it.

61 The last thing that the defendants found suspicious was the vessel’s course
after leaving Port Gentil. They alleged it was not taking the direct ocean
route to its destination, Cape Town. The vessel, they said, was instead
proceeding on a course that hugged the coast of west Africa and the only
reasonable inference to be drawn from this fact is that those who were on the
vessel knew that there was a problem with the main engine and therefore
decided to keep close to the coast. The shipowners, however, maintained that
the course taken was not one that was hugging the coast but that the vessel
was maintaining a safe passage, clear of all known obstructions in the area.

62\. Having considered all the evidence, it does appear to me that the chief
engineer had experienced problems with the main engine in December 1999, both
prior to and after the vessel’s departure from Port Gentil. That it was not
working properly was indicated first by the low load maintained. Mr Chandran
was not able to give a consistent and reasonable explanation as to why he
maintained an rpm of 320. He was evasive. The defendants contend that the
engine was only working at 20% of its achievable load. I am of the view that
that contention is unfair as a 22 year old engine should not be judged on the
same basis as a new one. It was clear, however, that the rpm maintained fell
substantially short of that which should have been achievable for an engine of
its type and age. Secondly, the fact of two engine trials being conducted at
sea prior to departure from Port Gentil was a further indication of something
being wrong with the main engine. The vessel’s delayed departure from that
port has not been properly explained. The shipowners could have produced more
documents to establish their case that it was due only to non-payment of
agents’ fees. The absence of such documents and the unsatisfactory nature of
the chief engineer’s evidence on the necessity for the engine trials adds
weight to the defendants’ assertions.

63 The two breakdowns in quick succession after the vessel left Port Gentil
leading to it being adrift for 12 hours on the first occasion and 18 hours on
the second, provide more circumstantial evidence of defects in the main
engine. As far as the first breakdown was concerned, it really was not
necessary to stop the main engine at all if it was only a generator problem.
Further, I do not believe the engine was ready by 5pm on 22 December as, if it
had been, the master would have ordered the engine to be full away
immediately. There was no reason for him to wait a further four hours to set
sail. It seems improbable that he would have done so had he had a choice
since, first, he had asked Mr Srinivasan to tell the chief engineer to
increase the speed and, secondly, he was concerned about the vessel’s
provisions and water running out. As for the second breakdown, the ostensible
reason for the stoppage, the failure of the valve, should have been dealt with
within three hours as the chief engineer admitted. The problem must have been
much more serious to have required 18 hours of repair work. Finally, though on
its own this would be slight evidence, the course taken by the vessel en-route
to Cape Town gives some indication of a lack of confidence in the engine.

64 It therefore appears to me, on the balance of probability, that there were
defects in the main engine from the time the vessel left Port Gentil and, as a
result of such defects, the vessel was not in a seaworthy condition at the
commencement of the voyage. The question which arises is whether that
unseaworthiness is what led to the casualty.

65 The defendants do not assert that those defects in the main engine that led
to the low rpm, the frequent engine trials and the stoppage of the main engine
on 22 and 23 December were the probable cause of the casualty. Instead, their
closing submission is that, on the available evidence, the cause of the main
engine failure on 24 December cannot be conclusively established and that it
was not due to the fracture of the bottom end bolt of the no. 1 unit of the
main engine. I must therefore turn now to an analysis of the evidence relating
to this fracture.

66 The shipowners adduced technical evidence on the nature of the fracture.
The bolt in question was first examined by one Professor Ball in April 2000.
Unfortunately, thereafter Professor Ball died. Therefore, a part of the
fractured bolt and, as a reference, an undamaged connecting rod bearing bolt
from the same engine, were sent to Dr Huang Xianya of PSB Corporation Pte Ltd
for analysis. Dr Huang holds a PhD in materials science and engineering from
the University of Stuttgart which he obtained in 1989 and has worked as a
research scientist from 1988. He has also held senior positions in the
Singapore Productivity and Standards Board and the Singapore Institute of
Standards and Industrial Research. Dr Huang was called as the shipowners’
metallurgical expert.

67 Dr Huang was sure that the part of the fractured bolt which was sent to him
was the same bolt as that examined by Professor Ball because it would be
impossible to reproduce the same fracture characteristics in such detail in
any other bolt. Dr Huang carried out a visual examination of the fractured
bolt followed by a microscopic examination using scanning electron microscopy
(‘SEM’) and energy dispersive X-ray spectrometry (‘EDX’). His examination
revealed that the fracture occurred exactly at the first thread root of the
bolt, and the salient features of the fracture surface suggested that this was
a fatigue fracture. Ratchet marks seen by Dr Huang indicated that the fatigue
cracking was initiated by multiple crack sites at the thread root caused by
hydrogen embrittlement. Beach marks were visible indicating that the fatigue
crack propagated sub-critically through about 55% of the cross-sectional area
of the bolt before finally leading to the stress rupture. No evidence for over
pre-loading (caused by over-tightening) was detected. Apart from corrosion
pits detected along the thread root, Dr Huang also noted that a layer of
deposits of chemicals including sulphur and chlorine had formed over the
thread root and that pitting had occurred under the deposits. Further, deep
and sharp machining marks were detected at the thread root surface by SEM. The
width and depth of these marks varied. In Dr Huang’s opinion, these machining
marks acted not only as stress raisers but also as traps for corrosive
substances and, along with the deposits, had contributed to the formation of
the corrosion pits and, consequently, the initiation of the fatigue crack.

68 Dr Huang’s metallurgical analysis of the composition of the failed bolt
showed it to be ‘of good quality in terms of chemical composition,
microstructure defects and mechanical strength’. Dr Huang confirmed in cross
examination that there was no evidence of acid attack on the thread root. In
his view, the section of the bolt that had not been given to him to analyse
was not likely to have suffered chemical attack or mechanical impact. Had
there been such attack or impact, the fracture would have occurred in that
section and not at the thread root.

69 The defendants did not offer any evidence to challenge the findings of Dr
Huang. They accepted his evidence that prior to the incident, the bolt must
have been cracked and corroded. Their position is that it has not been proved
that the sudden fracture of the bolt had caused the breakdown of the main
engine. They contend that this scenario is merely a theory advanced by the
shipowners and their expert, Mr Chay, and that the fracture of the bolt could
very well have been the consequence of an explosion rather than the cause of
it. Some other main engine defect could have resulted in lube oil starvation
of the main engine bearings leading to the explosion in the main engine
crankcase. Such an explosion would have caused the bottom end bolt to fracture
because it was already cracked and corroded.

70 Mr Chay is a marine engineer who also holds a First Class (Steam and Motor)
Engineer Certificate of Competency. He had some 13 years of experience as a
ship’s engineer and an engineering superintendent and 23 years of experience
as an engineering surveyor with the Salvage Association. His opinion was that
the engine breakdown was brought about by the fracture of the bolt. According
to his reconstruction of the incident, when the bolt fractured it permitted
the bearing housing to open slightly. This caused a localised pressure drop in
the bearing in-way. As the piston-connecting rod assembly connected to that
bearing moved, the bearing shells jawed open even more, causing a drop of oil
pressure in all of the other bearings (all of the bearings are lubricated from
the same source).

71 The drop in oil pressure then tripped the lube oil pressure alarm and this
automatically activated to switch off the main engine. The engine did not,
however, come to an immediate stop as it had to go through a series of
revolution reductions which brought the engine revolutions gradually down
until it finally came to a complete stop. That would have been some 60 to 90
seconds after the activation of the automatic shut down. During this period,
the loss of lube oil in the bearings in the crankpin journal would have
resulted in metal to metal contact between the bearings and the crankpin. The
bearing material would have wiped or melted causing a final seizure of the
crankpins/journals. The bearings would then have turned with the crankshaft
and caused heavy scouring or abrasion marks on the main engine block bearing
pockets resulting in major damage.

72 The shipowners supported this theory by reference to Mr Chandran’s evidence
that when he inspected the main engine after the incident, he noted that
several bearings (nos. 1,2 and 3) had seized onto the main journals and turned
with the crankshaft as it was being turned by hand. It was also observed that
the main bearing no. 4 had shifted from its place.

73 Mr Chay’s opinion was criticised by the defendants on several grounds. They
did not accept that the explosion reported by the chief engineer could have
been caused by the fractured bolt. As the chief engineer had, at the time of
the incident, been asleep in his cabin which was located some three or four
decks above the engine room, the defendants submitted that for the explosion
to awake him it must have been a loud gaseous one. Mr Chay did not agree. He
stated that there was no evidence that a gaseous explosion had occurred on 24
December 1999. If that had been the case, the crankcase doors would have been
blown off by the force of the explosion and not just damaged. Secondly, the
scale of the damage observed was consistent with the failure of the bolt
leading to the shut down of the engine. Such a failed bolt could have, in
fact, resulted in far worse damage.

74 Mr Chay considered there was no evidence to support the ‘lube oil
starvation’ theory put forward by the defendants as the cause of the engine
failure. He asserted that at all times up to the moment when the engine was
shut down, the lube oil pressure in the engine was found to be satisfactory.
There was no evidence of low lube oil pressure or a sudden drop in lube oil
pressure before that. As the defendants point out, however, the second
engineer who was on duty in the engine room at that time and was the one
person with actual knowledge of the situation prior to the breakdown, was not
called to testify and any evidence that the chief engineer gave on that
situation was hearsay. On the other hand, in support of Mr Chay’s opinion, is
the fact that the surveyor from the Salvage Association tested the alarms and
shut down devices when he attended the vessel in Luanda and found all such
equipment to be in satisfactory working condition. Thus, if there had been a
drop in pressure to below acceptable limits before the incident, the low oil
pressure alarms would have sounded and cut off fuel to the engine resulting in
less damage being caused by the failure of the bolt.

75 The defendants sought to cast doubt on the chief engineer’s account of the
incident by reference to a letter written by Alpha Emirates on 25 December to
the hull underwriters. That letter informed the insurers that the vessel was
totally immobilised and drifting and quoted a radio message from the ship
stating ‘While the vessel was on her way … Chief Engineer noticed some unusual
sound from the main engine and the vessel stopped … Initial inspection
revealed that out of seven main bearings three got seized …’. Mr Chandran was
shown this letter and he was unable to explain why the radio message did not
refer to an explosion. Mr Srinivasan, too, had no explanation as to why the
letter did not describe the incident as an explosion. The actual radio message
referred to in that letter was not disclosed by the shipowners.

76 Mr Chandran testified that his thorough inspection of the main engine after
the explosion led him to conclude that it was beyond economic repair. He
admitted that he had reached this conclusion even before there was any
opportunity to dismantle the engine and inspect the extent of damage to the
bedplate. He had issued a report describing the incident as a ‘main crankcase
explosion’. The report did not, however, mention any theory regarding the
cause of the explosion and the damage. The report stated various matters that
the chief engineer had no personal knowledge of. It said the explosion
occurred suddenly in circumstances where the temperature and pressure were
normal. It also stated that the second engineer had shut down the engine
manually. The chief engineer also testified that there was no automatic shut
down of the main engine and that the low lube oil pressure alarm and the oil
mist detector alarm were not activated. That evidence was, of course, hearsay.
Mr Srinivasan testified, on the other hand, that Mr Chandran had told him that
the main bearing was rotating and some serious problems had been experienced
by the main shaft.

77 The earliest indication that the shipowners regarded the failure of the
bolt as being the cause of the main engine damage is found in The Salvage
Association Report of 24 January 2000. The chief engineer had drawn the
attention of the surveyor to the relevant bolt and showed him how it had
failed and burst through the crankcase door and alleged that the damage to the
main engine was due to the failure of the bolt. The surveyor agreed that the
initial damage of the crankpin and portside unit were reasonably attributable
to the failure of the bolt but commented that the cause of the general failure
of the main bearings could only be determined when the engine had been
dismantled.

78 The surveyor also commented that damage to main bearings is usually
associated with loss or partial loss of lubricating oil pressure. He took a
sample of the lubricating oil and kept it on board for analysis at the
vessel’s repair port. It is interesting, however, that this sample was not
subsequently analysed. The expert witnesses of both parties agreed that if the
lube oil was contaminated, the damage in the main engine would first manifest
itself in damage to the soft metal coating of the bearings. Mr Srinivasan,
however, testified that on 4 June 2000, he decided against sending the lube
oil sample for analysis after seeing the damage to the bedplate and getting
astronomical repair quotations.

79 Mr Hastings said that on the available evidence, the actual cause of the
main engine failure could not be determined. He too, however, had a theory
about its cause. This was that there were serious problems with the lube oil
system leading to lube oil starvation of the main bearings. He contended this
theory was supported by the following:

(1) that with medium speed engines like that of the ‘Pep Nautic’ there is a
propensity for products of combustion to enter the crankcase and contaminate
the engine oil especially if the engine is run at a low load on fuel oil of
higher viscosity for extended periods of time as was the case here;

(2) no analysis was carried out of the lube oil present in the system when the
shipowners took over the vessel and there were no analysis records of the lube
oil on board. Such analysis is important to ensure that the alkalinity of the
oil is sufficient to absorb the products of combustion and sulphuric acid and
also to determine health of the main engine;

(3) no proper records of the lube oil consumption of the vessel were kept even
though such consumption would have been a good indicator of the engine’s
performance and condition;

(4) the chief engineer had testified that when the vessel was taken over there
was a lot of lube oil on board, much more than was required but subsequently
requisitioned even more lube oil. This evidence suggests that the engine
consumed more lube oil than had been anticipated;

(5) the chief engineer had no prior experience with a medium speed engine;

(6) the viscosity of the fuel oil in use was not determined by the shipowners
or the chief engineer and the chief engineer had no basis for alleging that
the fuel oil was 60 cst. Mr Needham had testified that he had inspected the
fuel oil record book at Cape Town and noted that the oil in use was 180 cst.
The shipowners had not disclosed the fuel record book and other bunker
records; and

(7) the scouring of the crankpin journal occurs when the quality and condition
of the lube oil are not maintained.

80 There are difficulties with this theory. Among them is the fact that it has
not been established that the vessel used high viscosity fuel oil. Mr
Chandran’s evidence was that 60 cst oil was used. It was Mr Needham who
asserted in court in July 2002 that the vessel used 180 cst fuel oil. He said
the chief engineer told him this when he visited the vessel. Mr Needham’s
evidence on this point is suspect because only the quantity of the fuel oil
was mentioned in his notes not its viscosity. How did he remember such a fact
in court without the aid of notes when he had only been on the vessel once for
no longer than a few hours at the most?

81 Secondly, the criticism of the shipowners’ failure to keep lube oil
consumption records may not have been warranted. According to Mr Abdul Rahim
bin Zan, an expert on lube oil, who gave evidence for the shipowners, lube oil
consumption is not a good indicator of the engine’s performance and condition.
These are matters which would have been better monitored by checking other
parameters of the engine such as exhaust temperature. According to Mr Rahim,
any attempt to use lube oil consumption to track the engine’s performance and
condition would have been too late in the day. Mr Rahim’s view is supported by
engine log extracts produced by Mr Hastings of ships managed by him that
indicate there was no practice of regularly monitoring lube oil consumption on
board those ships.

82 Further, there was no evidence of combustion by-products in the crankcase.
It was not mentioned either by the Salvage Association surveyor in his report
or by Mr Needham. There was also no evidence of combustion by-products or
other foreign material embedded in the bearings or that any such material
scoured the crankpin journal as suggested by Mr Needham. The chief engineer
denied machining the crankpin journal and, under cross-examination, Mr Needham
who had first made this allegation, clarified that he did not think that it
would have been possible to machine the crankpin by hand on board the vessel.
In any case, as Mr Needham conceded, if the crankpin had been machined to the
degree alleged, the vessel would not have been able to have sustained a voyage
for long after sailing from the first load port.

83 There was little positive evidence to support Mr Hastings’ theory. He was
relying on conjectures derived from the general propensity of medium speed
engines, the lack of hard information on the condition of the lube oil or its
consumption and the alleged lack of experience on the part of the chief
engineer in dealing with medium speed engines. On the other hand, I also have
difficulty in accepting the shipowners’ theory that the damage to the main
engine was caused by the fracture of the bolt. Their theory is stronger than
the defendants’ theory in that there is the physical evidence in the form of
the fractured bolt and the technical evidence of Dr Huang that fatigue in the
bolt led to cracks propagating to a critical level so that the bolt fractured.
It has not, however, been established to my satisfaction that, on the balance
of probabilities, the bolt fractured of its own accord rather than from
external stress arising from some other defect. In this regard, the
observations of both Professor Ball and the Salvage Association surveyor are
material.

84 A prime cause of my inability to come to a conclusion on the probable cause
of the engine failure is the lack of sufficient evidence of the circumstances
in which it took place and of the physical condition of the engine prior to
and after the casualty. It would be recalled that the Salvage Association
surveyor opined that the cause of the damage to the main engine could only be
established when the bedplate was dismantled and the whole engine examined.
This was not done. Instead, the shipowners sold the ship for scrap without
conducting any deeper investigation to find out whether there was any cause
for the damage apart from the broken bolt. They did not even conduct an
analysis of the lube oil sample which was one simple investigation that the
surveyor recommended. The shipowners had control of the ship and the crew and
all the records. They had the best ability to obtain and preserve evidence
about the incident. Yet, they did not produce many of the records of the ship
including full deck and engine room logbooks. No satisfactory explanation was
given for this; Mr Srinivasan’s evidence on the loss of the records was
hearsay. They did not call the engineer on duty at the time of the incident.
Nor did they call the Salvage Association surveyor who was the first
independent person to see the engine room and the damage after the incident.

85 I have, however, been able to conclude that the vessel was unseaworthy by
reason of the defects in the engine. Even if the exact cause of the damage is
not known, it is probable that this unseaworthiness contributed to it. In this
regard, I accept the submission of the defendants that since the vessel did
encounter a completely disabling engine breakdown on 24 December 1999, about
six days after the commencement of the voyage and without the intervention of
any external matter, the natural inference must be drawn that the vessel was
unseaworthy when the voyage commenced.

86 Further, even if I am wrong on this finding and the cause of the damage was
the fracture of the bolt alone, such cause would also lead me to the
conclusion that the vessel was unseaworthy at the commencement of the voyage.
It was Dr Huang’s evidence that the crack in the no. 1 bottom end bolt was not
something that had developed quickly but a matter that would have developed
over many months or even years. That being the case, the crack must have been
present well before 18 December 1999 when the vessel left Port Gentil. It is
not in dispute that had this crack been discovered, the bolt would have been
replaced. Since the bolt was defective in that it had a crack that was only
six days short of propagating to the critical point of causing a fracture, the
vessel must have been unseaworthy at Port Gentil.

(ii) Did the shipowners exercise due diligence to make the vessel seaworthy?

87 The argument on this point centred on the few days following delivery of
the vessel to the shipowners at Owendo. That was when the shipowners first had
control of the vessel and the power to carry out detailed inspections and
effect the repair of defects revealed by the inspection. The shipowners rely
on what was done during that period to satisfy their due diligence obligation.
They say that they had undertaken all that a reasonably prudent shipowner
would have done to put the vessel in a seaworthy condition prior to
commencement of the intended voyage to Tuticorin. They had commissioned a
survey which was undertaken by a class surveyor, following which the vessel
was classed without qualifications. The vessel then undertook various journeys
and sailed for some 440 miles before the failure of the main engine.

88 The burden of showing the exercise of due diligence lies on the shipowners
and is a relatively heavy one. In _The ‘Fjord Wind’_ [2000] 2 LLR 191 the
English Court of Appeal had to consider a case in which the main engine was
automatically stopped due to a crankpin bearing failure. The vessel had had
bearing failures previously and before the start of the relevant voyage, the
owners had asked the engine builders, MAN, to investigate the cause of such
bearing failures. The investigations, however, never succeeded in discovering
the cause of the problem which led to the defects in the crankpin bearing
which in turn led to failure of the engine on the relevant voyage. Both the
court of first instance and the Court of Appeal held that the owners had not
exercised due diligence to make the vessel seaworthy. In a passage that was
subsequently approved by the Court of Appeal, Moore-Bick J stated:

It is for the owners to show that they themselves and those for whom they were
responsible exercised due diligence to make the ship seaworthy, or that any
failure to do so, if there was one, did not cause or contribute to the
casualty. Since the cause of the casualty remains unknown, the owners can only
discharge that burden by showing that they and M.A.N. between them did not
overlook any lines of enquiry which competent experts could reasonably be
expected to have pursued, but in the absence of evidence as to what
investigations were in fact carried out and why I cannot be satisfied that
that is so. In these circumstances the owners are unable to discharge the
burden of showing that they exercised due diligence to make the ship
seaworthy.

89 What steps did the shipowners take to ensure that the vessel was seaworthy?
They first became interested in purchasing the vessel in May 1999. From
information given to their shipbroker at that time the shipowners would have
learnt that Lloyds Register of Shipping required the vessel to undergo its
five year special hull and machinery surveys by July 1999. According to Mr
Hastings, a special machinery survey would include opening up all the units of
the main engine, inspecting all its component parts including bottom end
bolts, recommending the renewal of parts as found necessary and the taking of
all clearances upon boxing up. With respect to checking of the bottom end
bolts, the following would be carried out:

(a) checking the bolts for original class and engine maker markings;

(b) checking the elongation of the bolts; and

(c) ringing the bolts to determine from their tone whether the bolt was
cracked (though Mr Chay’s evidence was that this would not be a good method
and instead a dye penetration test should be used to detect cracks).

90 When the vessel was bought over by the shipowners from SMC, it was no
longer classed by Lloyds but had been re-classed by INSB. Mr Srinivasan
confirmed that he knew at the time of purchase that the Lloyds special hull
and machinery surveys had not been completed by their due date but
nevertheless was happy to purchase the vessel. SMC had issued an interim
certificate of class for hull and machinery dated 12 June 1999. This
certificate was valid for three months only and therefore, as confirmed by the
INSB surveyor, Mr Hashmi, the vessel was out of class when the shipowners took
delivery of it on 24 September 1999.

91 Mr Hashmi emphasised in court that the survey he conducted from 24 to 29
September 1999 was a periodical survey under INSB rules and not a special hull
and machinery survey. Mr Srinivasan’s position was that the special hull and
machinery surveys had been carried out by INSB in June 1999 prior to the issue
of the INSB interim certificate. He relied on an e-mail dated 28 June 2002
from INSB to Alpha Emirates stating that the special hull and machinery
surveys had commenced on 4 June 1999 and were completed on 11 June 1999 at
Istanbul, Turkey. The reliability of that information, however, is doubtful
given that the vessel’s movement records show that between 4 and 12 June 1999
the vessel was never at Istanbul and therefore could not have been surveyed
there. Further, Mr Hashmi’s evidence was that the survey in June 1999 marked
the commencement of the special hull/machinery surveys and not their
completion. This further undermined the e-mail of 28 June 2002. Mr Srinivasan
was unable to explain the discrepancy between the e-mail and the vessel’s
movements. He could only say that he himself had not done the survey and had
not been on the vessel at the time.

92 It therefore appears that despite knowing that the vessel was overdue for
special hull and machinery surveys by September 1999, the shipowners did
nothing to ascertain whether such surveys had actually been effected or to
arrange for such surveys. They did bring Mr Hashmi to the vessel to survey it
but that was necessary because the interim class certificate had expired (and
the fact that the class certificate was interim only must have informed them
that full surveys had not been completed) and Mr Hashmi himself was somewhat
evasive about the nature of the survey he conducted. He testified that he had
kept records of his survey but refused to furnish these documents when
requested to do so. All that he furnished was an attestation by him dated 5
March 2002 that repeatedly referred to the ‘satisfactory condition’ of various
items surveyed and that the class and statutory certificates were issued
‘after completion of surveys with satisfactory results’. There was no
reference in his attestation to the actual physical observations made by him
or the measurement of engine part clearances.

93 Mr Hashmi was not in fact well qualified to conduct a machinery survey. He
had joined INSB in April 1999 and that was his first job as a surveyor. Before
then he was a deck officer. He had no engineering qualifications. He
maintained that he had supervised the survey on the main engine and requested
the opening up and overhauling of its no. 3 and no. 5 units. However, it was
apparent that he had had to rely completely on the chief engineer and the
engine room crew and was not himself able to verify the correctness of what
had been done or what had been observed in the process, about the condition of
the main engine and its parts. He admitted that the checking of the bearings,
pistons and all the items of machinery which he had referred to in his
affidavit as having been checked, had been done by Mr Chandran and not by
himself.

94 Mr Hashmi testified that he checked the clearances of the bearings and
maintained records. When asked for these, he replied that ‘they may be in my
office’ and said he would try to furnish them to the court. The records have
not been produced. He also said he checked the bottom end bearing clearances
with a feeler gauge. That was an impossible thing to do and when this evidence
was cross-checked with Mr Chandran, the latter replied that Mr Hashmi must
have been confused. As regards checking the ovality of the bearings, after
some prevarication, Mr Hashmi admitted he had relied on Mr Chandran to do
this. He could not recall whether any parts had been renewed when units 3 and
5 were overhauled and depended on Mr Chandran who told him that everything was
within satisfactory limits. At the end of his survey, the engine was tested
when the vessel was at anchor. No sea trial was carried out to test the engine
performance.

95 In _W. Angliss and Co v Peninsular And Oriental Steam Navigation Company_
[1927] 2 KB 456, Wright J observed that when a shipowner buys a ship he must
take all appropriate steps to satisfy himself by surveys and inspections that
the ship is fit for the service in which he intends to put it. Here the
shipowners intended to sail the vessel from west Africa around the Cape of
Good Hope and across the Indian Ocean to Tuticorin. This would be a long
voyage during which difficult sea conditions could be anticipated. The vessel
was then 22 years old and over the course of its operations had experienced
major engine breakdowns.

96 According to the shipowners themselves, when they took over the vessel
there was a paucity of records on board. There were no logbooks or other
ship’s documents. There were no maintenance/ repair records of the main
engine. There were no class special machinery records to show whether any
special survey had been commenced under the Lloyds class since 1994. The chief
engineer testified that he had extracted whatever vital information was
required about the main engine and other machinery by questioning the chief
engineer of the former owners. There was, however, difficulty in conducting a
proper hand-over because the SMC engine room crew spoke only Syrian and even
the SMC chief engineer could only speak broken English.

97 In all the circumstances enumerated in ¶ 95 and 96 above, when they took
over the vessel, did the shipowners exercise due diligence to make the vessel
seaworthy by simply arranging for the class surveyor to survey the vessel over
four or five days at the delivery port? In my judgment, they did not. They
should have ensured that the entire engine was opened up and the parts
carefully inspected as there was no history of maintenance of the engine and
the previous class special surveys were overdue. They should also have
arranged for a proper technical inspector. Whilst the shipowners may argue
that they relied on the INSB to do the necessary, they are responsible if the
surveyor sent by the INSB was not competent to carry out a full engine survey.
Many authorities including _The Fjord Wind_ and _Union of India v N.V.
Reederij Amsterdam_ [1963] 1 LLR 223 have made it clear that the duty to
ensure seaworthiness is not delegable and the shipowner is responsible for any
failure to exercise due diligence on the part of those whom he has relied upon
to make the vessel seaworthy. In this case INSB had not carried out the
special hull and machinery surveys before the vessel reached Port Owendo and
therefore should have sent both a general surveyor and a technical surveyor to
ensure that a full inspection was carried out by competent surveyors. Mr
Hashmi, through no fault of his own, did not have the necessary qualifications
to carry out a proper inspection of the engine.

98 Whilst the shipowners maintain that they did exercise due diligence they
argue, in the alternative, that the defect in the bolt was a latent one and
therefore even if I find against them on the due diligence point, the casualty
was not due to their fault. It is agreed that a latent defect is one that
cannot be discovered by due diligence. It was observed, albeit obiter, in the
case of _Corporacion Argentina de Productores de Carnes v Royal Mail Lines_
[1939] LLR 188 that when a latent defect exists, it is immaterial to consider
whether due diligence was exercised or not because even if it had been
exercised, it would have been useless. I accept that. The burden of proving
the defect was latent lies on the shipowners as the Hague Rules, Article 4,
makes plain. In this connection, the shipowners are not disputing that the
relevant time when due diligence had to be exercised was the period between
delivery of the ship and commencement of the voyage. They do not contend that
the time when the due diligence to find the defect had to be exerted was only
just prior to departure from Port Gentil.

99 As the case of _Charles Brown & Co v Nitrate Producers’ Steamship Co_
[1937] LLR 188 held, latent defect does not mean latent to the human eye. It
means latent to the senses ie that the defect would not be discovered in spite
of any other test that it may be reasonable to apply in the circumstances. In
that case, Justice Porter said that it was not obligatory on the commencement
of a voyage for a ship’s officer to go and tap every rivet to find out if it
had a defect or not. What was required was ‘such an examination as a
reasonably careful man skilled in that matter would make’ (see p 191).

100 Those words were echoed by Lord Evershed in _Union of India v N.V.
Reederij Amsterda._ He said at p 231 of the report that the question for
decision was two-fold namely:

(1) did the [shipowners] establish that the examination carried out by them
was, in the circumstances, of a character such as a skilled and prudent
shipowner should reasonably have made, and (2) if so, was the examination in
fact carried out with reasonable skill, care and competence?

The shipowners rely on Lord Reid’s observation in the same case that there
must be some compromise in deciding what steps to take in any particular case
because it would ‘plainly be impractical to make elaborate scientific tests
for every defect that could possibly be present in any part of the machinery
surveyed’ (at p 230-231).

101 The shipowners submitted that in this case hydrogen embrittlement, a rare
phenomenon affecting metal products, appeared as the latent defect which
eventually caused the bolt failure. They pointed to Dr Huang’s evidence that
the crack in the bolt would not have been discovered on visual examination or
with a ringing test as suggested by the defendants. Therefore, they submitted,
even if they had dismantled all of the engine units and inspected all of the
connecting rod bearing bolts, they would not have detected the crack in the
subject bolt.

102 It is not in dispute that whenever an engine unit is opened up, all parts
including the bottom end bolts would have to be inspected carefully to
determine if there are any cracks. Any cracked bolts would have to be
replaced. Mr Hashmi was at pains to say in his affidavit that he had found the
bottom end bolts to be in satisfactory condition at the time of his survey and
therefore had not made any recommendation to the shipowners that they should
replace the same.

103 Dr Huang testified that the crack in the no. 1 bottom end bolt could have
been there for some time. He also said that it was very difficult for an
engineer to see it using his naked eye because the opening of the crack was
very small and it was located at the thread root where it was covered with
foreign deposits, oil and the products of corrosion. He did, however, state
that an engineer who was focussed on the thread root for the purpose of
checking it for cracks should have been able to detect this crack by using
non-destructive tests such as dye penetration or magnetic particles.

104 The dye penetration test was not something unfamiliar to the shipowners.
Mr Chandran had conducted such tests on board to determine whether there were
cracks in the cylinder heads. Mr Chay was questioned on this issue too. He
testified that if you were told where the crack was and you focussed on that
area, you would find the crack using a dye penetration test. Otherwise, he
maintained that the chances of finding a crack at the root of the bolt thread
using the dye test would be 50-50. Mr Hastings averred that the crack could
also be detected by a ringing test. Dr Huang considered that the ringing test
would have been unlikely to have detected this particular crack because it was
located close to the end of the bolt rather than at the middle of the bolt. Mr
Chay took a similar view.

105 The defendants submitted that the crack in the no. 1 bolt was not a latent
defect as it could have been detected by a dye penetration test if the no. 1
unit had been opened up and the bolt inspected for cracks. They further
submitted that since a special class survey of the bolts was long overdue and
there were no maintenance record to show when the bolts were last replaced or
whether or not there was any propensity for bolt failures, a proper inspection
of the bottom end bolts should have been carried out prior to the commencement
of the voyage.

106 I accept the defendants’ submission. The dye penetration test is a well
known test for the detection of cracks and it is non-invasive and not
extremely difficult to administer once the units of the engine have been
opened up. The circumstances in which the shipowners took over the vessel were
such as to require them to carry out thorough and extensive checks on the
engine to ensure the seaworthiness of the vessel. If they had opened up the
whole engine and applied the dye penetration test to all the bottom end bolts
they would have had at least an even chance (on the basis of Mr Chay’s
evidence) of detecting the crack in the bolt concerned. In the light of this
evidence, I cannot hold that the defect in the bolt was not discoverable by
due diligence.

(iii) Does the exemption clause in the bills of lading protect the shipowners
in relation to the on deck cargo?

107  _Scrutton on Charterparties_ (20th Ed, 1996) at Article 51 makes plain,
at common law a shipowner who contracts to carry goods on board his vessel
impliedly undertakes that his ship is seaworthy. This is an absolute
undertaking of seaworthiness. A breach of the undertaking would amount to
actionable fault of the shipowners and would accordingly deprive the
shipowners of a general average contribution from the cargo owners. The
undertaking applies to deck cargo unless, contractually, a different regime
has been provided for which is possible when the cargo concerned is deck cargo
not covered by the Hague Rules. The Hague Rules only cover ‘goods’ as defined
in the Rules. Under Article 1(c) the term does not cover cargo ‘which by the
contract of carriage is stated as being carried on deck and is so carried’. It
is accepted by both parties that in this case 430 logs were stated in the
relevant bills of lading to be carried on deck and were actually stowed on
deck.

108 In this case, I have found that the vessel was not seaworthy at the
commencement of the voyage. Prima facie therefore, the shipowners are in
breach of the contract of carriage in respect of the deck cargo. The
shipowners contend, however, that they are excused from the consequences of
such breach by clauses in the relevant bills of lading as follows:

(1) bills of lading nos. 1 to 6 contain a provision reading ‘pieces shipped on
deck at Shipper’s risk; the Carrier not being responsible for loss or damage
howsoever arising’;

(2) bills of lading nos. 102A and 104A to 108A contain a provision reading
‘Logs with … cbm loaded on deck at the shipper’s and receiver’s risk, expense
and responsibility without liability on the part of the vessel or her owners
for any loss, damage, expense or delay howsoever caused’.

The shipowners submit that by these provisions, they have excluded liability
for any and all losses arising in respect of their carriage of cargo on deck,
including any liability for unseaworthiness of the vessel.

109 The shipowners rely on the holding in _The Imvros_ [1999] 1 LLR 848.
There, a charterparty required that where cargo under the charter was carried
on deck, the bills of lading issued should be claused: ‘Carried on deck at
Shippers’ risk without responsibility for loss or damage however caused’.
Timber cargo was loaded both above and below deck in Brazil but the bills of
lading were not claused as required. In the course of the voyage, part of the
deck cargo was lost. This loss was due to unseaworthiness in that the cargo
had been insufficiently lashed. One of the issues considered in an action
between the owners and the charterers was whether if the bill of lading had
been claused as required it would have been effective to exclude the owners’
liability to cargo interests for the loss of the timber. The charterers
contended that it would not as the words ‘however caused’ were insufficient to
relieve the owners from liability for damage arising from unseaworthiness.
Langley J disagreed. He held that the exclusion covered any cause and there
was no justification for excluding unseaworthiness as a cause; in respect of
deck cargo, the parties were free to exclude the carriers’ liability under the
Hague Rules and the words ‘however caused’ were clear and could not be
qualified by in effect adding ‘but not if the loss is caused by
unseaworthiness of the vessel’.

110 The defendants submitted that _The Imvros_ is distinguishable because the
type of unseaworthiness complained of in that case was the improper lashing of
the cargo. Further, the lashing of the cargo was the charterers’
responsibility and this fact, the defendants said, influenced the judge when
he construed the exclusion clause to exclude the shipowners from liability for
such improper lashing by the charterers. The defendants also submitted that
_The Imvros_ should not be followed because it had been criticised as being
inconsistent with the Court of Appeal decision in _The Galileo_ [1913] P.9 and
the House of Lords’ decision in _Steel v State Line SS Co._ [1877] 3 AC 72.

111 Those two cases are, however, not exactly on point. In _The Galileo_ the
words used were ‘at shippers risk’. It was held that those words were clearly
referable to other risks than that of a breach of the fundamental obligation
of the shipowner in respect of seaworthiness and therefore did not protect the
shipowner from liability for cargo loss caused when a lighter into which the
goods had been transhipped sank due to unseaworthiness. The main discussion in
the case centred around whether the shipowners had warranted the lighter’s
seaworthiness. Once it was held that they had, the court quickly disposed of
the argument (in no more than one sentence) that the clause in question
relieved the shipowners from liability for breach of that warranty. It would
seem from the dismissive way in which the court dealt with the construction of
the clause, that simply telling the shipper that the goods are shipped at his
own risk without specifying the risk for which the shipowner will not be
liable is insufficient to escape liability for unseaworthiness. The clauses in
the present case, however, go further than ‘at shipper’s risk’ by adding
‘damage howsoever arising’ or ‘damage … howsoever caused’.

112 In the _State Line_ decision, a cargo of wheat was damaged when sea water
burst through a porthole that had been insufficiently fastened by a negligent
crew member before the vessel left port on its contractual voyage. One of the
grounds on which the shipowners contested liability for the damaged cargo was
the presence of the following exemption clause in the bill of lading:

Not accountable for leakage, breakage … however caused. Not responsible for
the bursting of bags, … or for any of the following perils … namely, risk of
craft or hulk, or transhipment, explosion, heat or fire at sea, in craft of
hulk, or on shore, boilers, steam or machinery, or from the consequence of any
damage or injury thereto, however such damage or injury may be caused,
collision, straining, or other peril of the seas, rivers, navigation or land
transit, of whatever nature or kind soever, and however caused, excepted.

The House of Lords considered that this clause would not exempt the shipowners
from liability for unseaworthiness. Lord Selborne found that the clause
exempted the shipowners from liability for perils encountered subsequent to
the loading of the cargo on board the ship and did not nullify and destroy the
implied obligation of the shipowners to provide a seaworthy ship. It would
seem from this finding that that obligation had to be complied with before
loading of cargo. Lord Blackburn also found that the contract did not provide
at all for the case of an unseaworthy ship producing damage. He said at p 89:

The shipowners might have stipulated, if they had pleased (I know no law that
would hinder them), we will take the goods on board, but we shall not be
responsible at all, though our ship is ever so unseaworthy; look out for
yourselves; if we put them on board a rotten ship, that is your look-out; you
shall not have any remedy against us if we do. I say they might have so
contracted, and perhaps in some cases they may actually so contract … I think
that when this contract is fairly looked at it appears they do not so contract
as to apply it to this case. I think … that they have here sufficiently
expressed in the contract they will not be responsible or answerable for the
consequences of a loss by perils of the seas or either of the excepted perils,
even though it may be produced by the negligence of the mariners.

The other two Law Lords agreed that the exemption clause did not protect the
shipowners from the consequences of unseaworthiness but did not give reasons
for that construction of the clause. It can be seen that Lord Blackburn and
Lord Selborne differed in their approach. Lord Selborne construed the clause
as applying to perils encountered after loading and Lord Blackburn construed
it as applicable to perils of the seas not arising from unseaworthiness. He
did, however, envisage the possibility of a clause expressly exempting
liability for unseaworthiness. He made it plain that if such a clause was
drafted it would be effective.

113 It appears to me that the point at issue is a question of construction of
the particular clause in issue. The clause before me is similar to the one
that was before the judge in _The Imvros_ and given that the Hague Rules did
not apply to the deck cargo, there was no law or contractual agreement
operating to prevent the shipowners from limiting their liability for
unseaworthiness. To me, the clause is plain. It provides that the shipowners
are not liable for any damage however the same may have been caused. The words
‘however caused’ are wide enough in my view to cover unseaworthiness. I
therefore find that in respect of the cargo on deck, the shipowners are not at
fault despite failing in their obligation to provide a seaworthy vessel as a
result of which the casualty occurred. As there is no actionable fault on
their part, they are entitled to recover the general average contribution from
the deck cargo.

(iv) Was the general average expenditure reasonable?

114 The defendants contend that the expenditure incurred by the shipowners at
and from Luanda was not reasonably incurred for the common safety or for the
purpose of preserving the cargo and ship from peril. Their stand is that the
cargo could have been discharged and transhipped at Luanda, alternatively, at
Cape Town and alternatively, at Durban. There was no need for the vessel to be
towed all the way to Tuticorin; the shipowners did this to take advantage of
the market for scrap vessels in India and they should not be able to recover
any part of the cost incurred from the cargo interests.

115 The shipowners’ position is that all expenses were reasonably incurred.
Regarding the tow from Luanda to Cape Town, this was done on the advice of the
Salvage Association surveyor who indicated that Luanda did not have adequate
repair facilities for the type of damage sustained and that the vessel should
be towed to Cape Town where the repairs could be undertaken. When the vessel
arrived at Cape Town, however, the port authorities imposed unreasonable
conditions in order to allocate it a repairing berth and, in any case, were
not able to say when such a berth would be available. According to the minutes
of a meeting which the shipowners and other parties held with the port
authorities, there was a mention of a deposit of 10 million Rand for berthing
charges which the shipowners objected to and, at the end of the meeting, it
was concluded that the vessel would only be allowed in the port provided the
shipowners gave a deposit for costs, the South African Port State Authorities
were allowed to carry out a thorough inspection of the vessel including cargo
holds (this would have required discharge of the cargo) and the vessel would
have to be repaired in accordance with that authority’s recommendations.
Finally, berthing would be possible only approximately 20 days after the
meeting. One Captain Peter David Stowe, the marine safety and environment
manager at the Port of Cape Town, who was present at that meeting, testified.
He said that the minutes reflected the meeting and that at the time of the
vessel’s arrival at the anchorage there was no berth available. It was
possible a berth would have been available after about 20 days. It was also
possible that it would have been available earlier or even much later. Captain
Stowe personally inspected the vessel and noted certain defects. He agreed
that these defects could have all been rectified if the vessel had berthed for
its main engine repairs. He also agreed that his inspection did not reveal any
water ingress into the ship though he did not take soundings of any of the
tanks. The vessel, however, was upright at the time of his inspection.

116 Whilst the vessel could have been towed to Durban and repaired there, as
recommended by the Salvage Association, Mr Srinivasan’s evidence was that the
shipowners decided not to take this course. They were concerned that the
Durban port authorities would impose equally unreasonable conditions as those
imposed by the Cape Town authorities. They therefore decided to tow the ship
directly to Tuticorin.

117 The general average adjuster, Mr Syed Marican, testified that he had
calculated the general average contribution adjustment based on the following
costs:

(1) towage expenses from immobilised position to Luanda;

(2) towage from Luanda to Cape Town;

(3) towage from Cape Town to Tuticorin; and

(4) credit of normal voyage expenses saved.

He was satisfied that these costs had been reasonably incurred for general
average purposes. The defendants did not call any other average adjuster to
challenge the manner in which the adjustment had been carried out or Mr
Marican’s conclusions.

118 Mr Marican gave more details of the adjustment in testimony. In relation
to the towage from Luanda to Cape Town, the full costs of towage had been
allowed but an amount had been deducted representing the savings of ordinary
voyage expenses that would have otherwise been incurred between Luanda and
Cape Town. No such savings were provided for the voyage between Cape Town and
Tuticorin. This was because Mr Marican had instead allowed the costs of
savings of general average expenses ie the costs that had been saved by not
towing the vessel to Durban. Mr Marican estimated that towing the vessel to
Durban would have cost US$100,000; repairs at Durban would have cost
US$155,931 and the cost of discharge and reloading cargo in connection with
the repairs would have been US$106,906. Therefore US$362,838 was saved by not
going to Durban.

119 Despite the carping of the defendants, the evidence was that the decision
to tow the vessel to Cape Town was a reasonable one. The shipowners had acted
on the advice of the Salvage Association in doing so. Secondly, they could not
have known at that stage that the engine was beyond economic repair since the
Salvage Association had recommended further investigation and repairs. The
chief engineer may have thought that economic repair was impossible but that
conclusion was arrived at early and before detailed investigation had been
undertaken. Whilst Captain Needham considered that it would have cost only
US$200,000 to tranship the cargo from Luanda, it does not appear to me that at
that stage the shipowners were remiss in not exploring this possibility. Mr
Marican who was independent and did not make his determinations in reliance on
the shipowners’ view point, considered that Luanda was a difficult port and
that in the circumstances the 58 day stay at Luanda and the tow to Cape Town
were not unreasonable. It should be noted that while the vessel was under
arrest in Luanda, the arrest delayed the commencement of the tow by only two
days and so had little effect on the duration of the stay.

120 The next question is whether it was reasonable to tow the vessel to
Tuticorin with the cargo on board instead of repairing it at Cape Town or
towing it to Durban for repairs or discharging and transhipping the cargo at
Cape Town. It should be noted that the cargo interests did not express any
views at that time on the course to be taken and they only sent their surveyor
on board just before the vessel was about to depart Cape Town. It was left to
the shipowners to decide on the best course. The circumstances were that the
port authorities were not receptive to the vessel. As Captain Stowe confirmed,
they were afraid that it would sink or catch fire. They demanded a high
deposit for berthing facilities, indicated that all cargo would have to be
discharged (and not only the cargo in way of the engine) and wanted additional
repairs effected on the basis of their inspection of the ship. All this would
have been expensive. Further, there was no guarantee that a berth would be
available soon or even within the period of 20 days mentioned by the port
authorities.

121 Apart from the above, however, the shipowners must have been influenced by
the estimates that they had obtained from Wartsila, the engine makers, as to
the costs of repairing the main engine. By their revised quotation of 14
February 2000, Wartsila stated that the costs of repairing the main engine
without the replacement of the engine bedplate would be US$390,576. If the
bedplate was to be replaced, the cost would be US$599,629. This quotation
excluded the cost of worn parts. Taking the costs of berthing, the likely
delays to be experienced while waiting for a berth, the costs of discharging
all the cargo and reloading it and the costs of repairing the vessel into
account, it would appear that the shipowners considered it cheaper to tow the
vessel with cargo on board to Tuticorin. The defendants gave no evidence of
what it would have cost the shipowners to discharge the cargo at anchorage in
Cape Town and to thereafter tranship it to Tuticorin. Whilst they contended
that the shipowners must have been attracted by the well established scrap
market at Tuticorin, they gave no evidence of what scrap price could have been
obtained for the vessel at Cape Town or Durban. The vessel was sold for
approximately US$400,000 in Tuticorin. To get it and the cargo there, the
shipowners had to incur towage costs of some US$380,000, a not inconsiderable
sum. In the absence of evidence as to transhipment costs at Cape Town or
Durban and the scrap market prices (or lack thereof), I cannot find that the
shipowners acted unreasonably in taking the course they finally adopted.

**Conclusion**

122 For the reasons given above, I hold that the shipowners are entitled to
recover from the defendants the deck cargo’s share of the general average
expenses incurred by the shipowners. They are not entitled to recover any
contribution in respect of the under deck cargo. As 75% of the cargo was
carried below deck this means the defendants have largely succeeded in their
defence and thus must affect costs. The parties shall see me as regards the
appropriate orders to be made in respect of:

(1) costs of the shipowners’ claim and the defendants’ defence;

(2) the calculation of the deck cargo’s share of the general average expenses.
As regards the counterclaim, the defendants withdrew it at a very late stage
in the proceedings. The plaintiffs are therefore entitled to the costs of
defending the counterclaim up to the date of withdrawal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

