Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Soh Lai Chan (mw) and Another v Kuah Peng Hock and Another  
[2003] SGHC 144

Case Number | : | OS 600242/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 July 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  S Rajendran J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mrs Chua Swee Keng (Chua Swee Keng & Co); 2nd plaintiff (Official Assignee) – not present; 1st defendant (Kuah Peng Hock, in person) – not present; Yang Ing Loong, Christopher Tan and Vincent Teh   
Parties | : |  Soh Lai Chan (mw); Offical Assignee — Kuah Peng Hock; Kuah Peng Siong   
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Whether comments made and notes
recorded by a judge in other proceedings between different parties can have
direct bearing on present proceedings.  
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Whether transfer of shares was effected with
intent to deprive wife of interest in matrimonial property.  
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Whether transfer of shares was effected with
intent to defraud creditors contrary to s 73B Conveyancing and Law of Property
Act (Cap 61)  
  

1 The 1st plaintiff, Soh Lai Chan (“Soh”), and the 1st defendant, Kuah Peng
Hock (“Peng Hock”) were married in 1980 and have three children. On 3 August
2000, Soh instituted divorce proceedings against Peng Hock on the grounds of
unreasonable behaviour and obtained a decree nisi on 19 December 2000.
Ancillary matters, including maintenance and division of matrimonial assets,
were adjourned to be dealt with in chambers.

2 On 22 February 2001, Soh took out OS 600242/2001 in the High Court under s
73B of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, Cap 61, seeking a declaration
against Peng Hock and against the 2nd defendant, Kuah Peng Siong (“Peng
Siong”), a brother of Peng Hock, that the transfer of Peng Hock’s shares in a
company known as Bok Soon Hardware & Engineering Pte Ltd (“BSH&EPL) to Peng
Siong on 16 November 1998 was void as against Soh.

3 Section 73B(1) of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act, Cap 61, provides
as follows:

Except as provided in this section, every conveyance of property, made … with
intent to defraud creditors, shall be voidable, at the instance of any person
thereby prejudiced.

Pending the determination of OS 600242/2001, the proceedings before the Family
Court relating to the division of matrimonial assets were stayed.

4 On 12 March 2002, on the application of Soh, OS 600242/2001 was converted to
a writ action. In the Statement of Claim filed pursuant to this conversion,
Soh, in addition to the declaration relating to BSH&EPL shares, also sought a
declaration that the transfer by Peng Hock of the shares he held in another
company – Bok Soon Holdings Pte Ltd (“BSHPL”) – was also void. That transfer
was not to Peng Siong but to another brother Kuah Peng Ann (“Peng Ann”) who
was not a party to these proceedings.

5 Soh’s claim, as formulated in paragraph 12 of the Statement of Claim was as
follows:

The said transfer of the 1st Defendant’s shares in BSH&EPL and BSHPL was a
sham and made with (a) the intention of defrauding creditors who had given
loans and/or banking facilities to the 1st  Defendant, either solely or
jointly with the Plaintiff, or for which the 1st Defendant was a guarantor in
respect of the loans or banking facilities referred to in Schedule 1, (b)
and/or to deny the Plaintiff any interest in these shares. The Plaintiff will
rely on section 73B of the Conveyancing and Law of Property Act (Cap 61).

Peng Siong, in his defence, admitted that BSH&EPL shares were transferred to
him by Peng Hock but denied the other allegations in para 12 of the Statement
of Claim.

6 It was Peng Siong’s case that the transfer of the BSH&EPL shares to him by
Peng Hock was part of an exercise in which his father, Kuah Chwee Seng
(“Kuah”), in late 1997/early 1998, in consultation with his professional
advisors and with the consent of all the family members, distributed the
family assets that he had built up over the years to his many children. Peng
Siong denied that this distribution – under which he received the shares in
BSH&EPL registered in the names of Peng Siong and Soh – was carried out to
defraud creditors or to deprive Soh of any interest Soh may have in any
matrimonial property.

7 Mrs Chua Swee Keng, counsel for Soh, in her Opening Statement highlighted
only the transfer of the BSH&EPL shares from Peng Hock to Peng Siong as the
issue for determination under s 73B of the Conveyancing and Law of Property
Act by this court. She made no reference to the BSHPL shares. However, in her
closing submissions, Mrs Chua urged the court to declare that the transfer to
Peng Ann of the BSHPL shares was also void. It would appear from the evidence
adduced that that transfer of BSHPL shares by Peng Hock to Peng Ann was made
at about the same time as the transfer of the BSH&EPL shares to Peng Siong and
as part of the same exercise undertaken by Kuah to distribute his assets.

8 Peng Hock did not appear in these proceedings. He had, on 23 February 2001,
been adjudicated a bankrupt at the instance of the Hongkong & Shanghai Banking
Corpn (“HSBC”) for various sums of money due to the HSBC from Peng Hock.
Arising from these same debts Soh too was, on 6 April 2001, declared a
bankrupt. It was because of that bankruptcy order against Soh that the
Official Assignee was made a plaintiff to this action.

9 The burden of proving that the transfer of the BSH&EPL shares to Peng Siong
was effected with intent to defraud the creditors of Peng Hock was upon Soh.
Soh, in order to establish that intent, made numerous allegations of
fraudulent conduct against Peng Hock, Peng Hock’s siblings and Kuah. It is
trite law that when a party alleges fraud it is necessary that the fraud be
pleaded and particularised. A considerable part of the allegations raised by
Soh in her testimony was not pleaded and particularised.

10 Soh also sought to rely on certain statements allegedly made orally by Kuah
Siew Geok, a sister of Peng Hock to the judge-in-chambers adjudicating on the
division of the matrimonial assets of another sibling Kuah Peng Ah and on
certain comments made by that judge. I agree with Mr Yang that comments made
and notes recorded by a judge in other proceedings between different parties
can have no direct bearing to the present proceedings except in so far as they
may be of assistance in assessing the credibility of any witness.

11 Kuah was clearly the patriarch who, through his various business
enterprises, had built up much of the Kuah family assets. Kuah testified that
in early 1998 he decided to distribute his assets amongst his children. He
told the court that he decided to do so because he was getting on in age, was
not in good health and wished to accommodate the wishes of some of his
children that the distribution of the assets should take place sooner rather
than later. He testified that some of his assets (such as No 12 Wimborne Road
and shares in his companies) were in the names of some of his children and
that they were holding the assets in trust for him.

12 Before effecting the distribution Kuah had, in June and July 1998, held two
family meetings to discuss the distribution. It was not in dispute that the
distribution that took place was one that all his children (ultimately) had
consented to. Kuah had also caused some of the family properties to be valued
and had engaged the services of a public accountant – Joseph Wong Phui Lun
(“Wong”) – to assist in the proposed distribution. Wong was called as a
witness by Peng Siong. His evidence substantiated in large measure what Kuah
had to say.

13 Kuah told the court that he decided that Peng Hock would get the entire
beneficial interest in No 12 Wimborne Road and would (together with Soh) also
get the entire share capital of the business known as Stellite (S) Pte Ltd
(“Stellite”) which at that time was being managed by Peng Hock and Soh. In
connection with this exercise and at the request of Peng Hock, certain debts
that Peng Hock owed to Stellite and certain debts that Stellite owed to
BSH&EPL were transferred to Kuah. As part of the exercise Peng Hock and Soh
were to transfer the shares in BSH&EPL registered in their names to Peng
Siong. Peng Hock and Soh did so in November 1998.

14 Kuah told the court that the land at No 12 Wimborne Road – although
registered in the name of Peng Hock – and the house that was subsequently
built thereon were paid for by him (Kuah). The house at No 12 Wimborne Road
had from the time it was built been the family home of Kuah. In October 1998,
as a result of the distribution exercise, Kuah vacated No 12 Wimborne Road and
handed possession thereof to Peng Hock.

15 As noted earlier Soh petitioned for divorce in August 2000: this was about
2 years after the distribution exercise was completed. Soh testified that for
some years prior to her filing her petition for divorce, she had been having
disagreements with Peng Hock. The thrust of her case was that Kuah arranged
for the re-distribution of the assets held by Peng Hock in order to minimise
her entitlement to matrimonial assets in the event she and Peng Hock were
divorced. It was also her case that Kuah and Peng Hock wanted to minimise the
amounts that creditors of Peng Hock (such as the banks to whom Peng Hock had
given personal guarantees) would be able to recover from Peng Hock.

16 It may well be that Peng Hock and Soh were having various disagreements at
the time of the distribution of the family assets; but these disagreements did
not appear to me, from the evidence I heard, to be of such a nature that
divorce proceedings were under contemplation. The question of divorce appears
to have arisen much later. The fact that Soh too transferred her shares in
BSH&EPL under the asset distribution exercise in 1998 suggested that she was
aware of that exercise and was, at that time, content to participate therein.

17 I accepted the testimony of Kuah summarised above. I was satisfied that the
distribution of the family assets amongst the members of the Kuah family that
took place in 1998 was an exercise that Kuah had embarked upon in good faith
to distribute his assets amongst his children in a timely way. I accepted
Kuah’s evidence that there was no intention on his part to defraud any
creditors of his children or to deprive Soh of any rights she may have in
respect of matrimonial assets.

18 I found Soh to be a practical and worldly-wise person who was herself a
willing participant in the distribution exercise. She also participated
actively in the activities of Stellite. Her allegation that the distribution
was in order to deny her her share of matrimonial assets and defraud the
creditors of Peng Hock was, in my view, no more than ex post facto conjecture
on her part.

19 Having heard the evidence of all the witnesses in this case, I was not
satisfied that the transfers of the BSH&EPL and BSHPL shares by Peng Hock were
made with intent to defeat Soh’s interest (matrimonial or otherwise) in those
shares. In respect of the BSHPL shares, there was the added consideration that
the transferee (Peng Ann) was not a party to these proceedings and it would,
in his absence, be inappropriate to make any order prejudicial to him.

20 I therefore dismiss the claims of the 1st and 2nd plaintiffs in these
proceedings. As 1st plaintiff (Soh) was legally aided, I make no order as to
costs against her. The 2nd plaintiff (the Official Assignee) – who did not
appear during this hearing – is holding a sum of $28,000 as security for
costs. I order that the Official Assignee pay that $28,000 to the 2nd
defendant as costs.

Plaintiffs’ claims dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Jul 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

