Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Lasry Lex QC  
[2003] SGHC 287

Case Number | : | OM 26/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 November 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Joseph Theseira and Tito Isaac (Naidu Mohan & Theseira) for the applicant; Han Ming Kuang for Attorney-General and Public Prosecutor; Laurence Goh Eng Yau for the Law Society of Singapore   
Parties | : | —  
  
Res Judicata – Matters which could and should reasonably have been raised in
earlier proceedings – Whether res judicata applicable when constitutional
argument could and should have been raised in previous application  
  
Legal Profession – Admission – Ad hoc – Whether special reasons exist to admit
– Whether exercise of judicial discretion in applicant's favour justifiable –
Section 21 Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

1 This is an application under s 21 of the Legal Profession Act, Cap 161 by Mr
Lex Lasry, a Queen's Counsel from Australia, for an _ad hoc_ admission to
appear as counsel on behalf of the accused Mr Nguyen Tuong Van in Criminal
Case PI No 211 of 2002. Mr Nguyen was charged with a capital offence under The
Misuse Of Drugs Act, Cap 185. He was arrested at the Changi International
Airport on 12 December 2002 and found to be in possession of 396.2g of heroin.
Mr Nguyen is an Australian citizen and his family instructed Mr Lasry QC to
represent him at trial. Justice Tay Yong Kwang heard an application by Mr
Lasry QC by way of Originating Motion No 7 of 2003 on 22 April 2003 for leave
to be admitted to represent Mr Nguyen at his trial. Justice Tay dismissed that
application. There was no written grounds in respect of that decision, but Mr
Lasry QC deposed in his affidavit supporting this present application that the
court (Justice Tay) was of the view that what was to be done by him (Mr Lasry
QC) 'as a member of the Australian team could be done in Australia and relayed
to [his Singapore counsel] to conduct the trial'. I agree with that view
entirely.

2 Mr Lasry QC now seeks leave before me 'to make a new application, namely to
be admitted on an _ad hoc_ basis solely for the purpose of arguing a pre-trial
argument'. The object of the application was to ask for the trial 'to be
permanently stayed or indefinitely postponed' on the ground that the only
punishment should Mr Nguyen be found guilty, is death, and that that
punishment is unconstitutional. He says that the arguments are 'complex and
raise fundamental issues about the mandatory death penalty'. Relying on what
was said in _Re Caplan Jonathan Michael QC_ [1998] 1 SLR 432, Mr Lasry QC
deposed that Mr Nguyen's case is not just a case on the particular set of
facts, but 'broader and more fundamental issues' are being raised such that it
conforms to the test of 'special reasons' for the admission of a QC. The three
stage-test under the _Caplan_ ruling appears to have been applied when Mr
Lasry QC made his first application before Justice Tay, as he himself conceded
that the matters under the first application 'had been resolved'. He thus made
this application strictly on the basis of the 'special reasons' test in
criminal cases, namely that there is a constitutional point concerning the
mandatory nature of the death penalty.

3 An applicant is entitled to appeal to the Court of Appeal when his
application has been dismissed. But he may not make a second application
before another judge because the matter is _res judicata,_ any such
application really is not a new application but, in fact, an old one. Mr Lasry
QC attempts to overcome this by predicating his second application as 'a pre-
trial legal argument'. This is not very accurate because there is no special
and distinct application for the purposes of making the pre-trial argument.
The pre-trial argument as it appears here, is really a preliminary point to be
argued before the trial judge. I will accept, however, that the point to be
made is ideally taken as a preliminary point as opposed to leaving it as part
of the final submission although the focus of the argument is on the sentence,
which is normally the tail end of the trial. I see some merit in the
preliminary nature of the argument in that the applicant is proposing that by
the unconstitutionality of the sentence the entire offence is affected and
thus the charge cannot properly be maintained from the outset. However, an
application for leave to appear as counsel for the trial implicitly includes
an application to argue that for one reason or another, the trial ought not
proceed, whether for a time or indefinitely. That application had already been
heard and dealt with. I do not think that Mr Lasry QC is entitled to detach,
as it were, a portion of his previous application and submit it as a fresh and
discrete one merely by giving details of a specific argument or a part of the
defence. His objection to the trial on constitutional ground could and should
have been made when his application was heard before Justice Tay but it was
not, so the fact that it was an argument that was not actually advanced in the
previous application does not mean that there is no issue estoppel and hence,
the applicant is entitled to raise it afresh. In the strict sense of issue
estoppel that may be true, but _res judicata_ based on the principle of abuse
of the court’s process, is a doctrine of broader scope and application. It
applies to matters that properly belong to the earlier proceedings and could
reasonably have been raised there but were not. See _Ching Mun Fong v Liu Cho
Chit_ [2000] 1 SLR 517, 528. Having expanded his case and argument in full for
the general and comprehensive leave to conduct the trial, the applicant has
taken his fill and thus this present application is merely a wan and hapless
cry for alms on behalf of the accused. Although an accused in a capital case
deserves all the sympathy and latitude that the court may reasonably provide,
he cannot expect the court to revise an earlier decision from a court of co-
ordinate jurisdiction on the same matter. On this ground alone the application
ought to be dismissed.

4 I would nonetheless, for the sake of completeness, determine this
application on its overall merits. I accept that Mr Lasry QC has the
abilities, if not the credentials, of scholarship and research, as well as the
experience to qualify for admission here on an _ad hoc_ basis. Beyond this,
nothing else that has been put forward on his behalf by Mr Joseph Theseira to
support the application for the employment of a Queen's Counsel. Neither the
fact that the accused is not a resident of Singapore, or that his family
desires the services of a lawyer from his own jurisdiction is sufficient
reason for granting leave. Other than the preliminary issue concerning the
constitutional ground argument, the case does not appear to be unusually
complex since no other matters were raised in the hearing before me. So I now
come to the question of the constitutionality of capital offences in
Singapore. Mr Han for the Attorney-General and Mr Goh for the Law Society
dispute the defence contention that the constitutional argument is a novel
one. They submitted that the Privy Council in _Ong Ah Chuan v Public
Prosecutor_ [1980-1981] SLR 48 had already considered the issue. Mr Theseira
argued that the point is novel because there the Privy Council had declined to
give a direct opinion on it without the benefit of any opinion from the local
judiciary on the point. Mr Theseira, therefore, hopes that Mr Lasry QC may be
permitted to bridge that gap. But, even assuming that the point as explained
by Mr Theseira, is a novel one, in my view, novelty alone is hardly a
justifiable reason for admission. As to whether _Ong Ah Chuan_ has any value
after _Reyes v The Queen_ [2002] 2 AC 235, that is a submission on the merits
which is best left to the trial judge. For my part, I see no particular reason
why this should necessitate the appearance of a Queen's Counsel at trial. The
position of law that Mr Lasry QC has in mind is that the laws passed by the
Singapore legislature, including the Constitution, must conform to
international law. How he intends to support this thesis probably needs to be
elaborated, but I shall not express my view as to whether his point is doomed
from the start or one that is truly innovative and worthy of serious
consideration. The constitutional argument may be an intriguing proposition,
but that, as I have said, must be reserved to the pleasure of the trial judge.

5 Whatever the merits may be, the legal arguments concerning the constitution,
_Ong Ah Chuan_ , and _Reyes_ , are points of law that can adequately be
advanced by way of written submission tendered through Mr Nguyen's Singapore
counsel. So, Mr Nguyen may be comforted to know that the points of law that Mr
Lasry QC has in mind may still be advanced before the trial judge in this way.
I appreciate that an audience can sometimes have a more positive impact on the
judge than a stack of papers, and if the point to be made is arguably a
complex one, then an audience is preferable, but this not a rigid or critical
aspect for consideration. I cannot ignore Mr Lasry QC's previous application
to appear in our court for leave to be admitted as an _ad hoc_ counsel for the
conduct of the trial (which would have given him the opportunity of advancing
his constitutional arguments). I would take that into account in deciding
whether to exercise my discretion favourably. It does not matter very much
that he did not raise the constitutional point in his first application,
because really, he ought to have done so.

6 I wish to record my appreciation to all counsel, and in particular to Mr
Theseira and Mr Tito Isaac for the commendable, although belated effort. The
generosity and goodwill of Mr Lasry QC to the accused, has earned him the
admiration and respect of this court, but for the reasons I have given, his
application must be, and is hereby, dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Nov 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

