Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mahdi Bin Ibrahim Bamadhaj v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 95

Case Number | : | MA 2/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Syed Ahmad Alwee Alsree (Billy & Alsree) for the appellant; Amarjit Singh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Mahdi Bin Ibrahim Bamadhaj — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Controlled drugs – Trafficking – Whether Prosecution proved
that drugs were in possession of accused – Whether accused rebutted
presumption that drugs in his possession were for the purposes of trafficking  
  

1 This was an appeal against the decision of district judge Teoh Ai Lin to
convict the appellant Mahdi Bin Ibrahim Bamadhaj of nine drug related charges.

Facts

2 Mahdi bin Ibrahim Bamadhaj (the appellant) was arrested on the evening of 13
March 2002 at a party held at a Goodwood Park Service Apartment. Others at the
party were also arrested. They included Julia Suzanne Bohl (PW9), Hamdan bin
Mohd (PW10), and Sunaiza binte Hamzah (DW1). The CNB officers who raided the
apartment found a packet of Ketamine at the balcony of the apartment. The raid
was conducted at 8.15 pm.

3 At 9.15 pm on the same night the appellant, Julia and Hamdan were taken from
the Goodwood Park Service Apartment to apartment #04-05 Balmoral Court (the
Balmoral Apartment). This was done because the CNB officers had reports that
the appellant and one ‘Ben’ were using the Balmoral Apartment to store drugs
which they trafficked. Ben was Julia’s boyfriend and it was not disputed that
Ben stayed with Julia in the Balmoral Apartment. Julia was the tenant of this
apartment. This was proved by the fact that she was named as tenant in the
rental agreement. The appellant’s name was included as an ‘intended occupier’
in the rental agreement. Ben was still at large at the time of the appeal.

4 The CNB officers tried the bunch of four keys seized from the appellant to
open the front door of the Balmoral Apartment. One of the keys did in fact
open the Balmoral Apartment’s front door.

5 Drugs were found in the master bedroom, second bedroom (Room A) and living
room. The CNB officers found an Umbro Haversack in Room A which contained a
host of drugs, a weighing scale and a digital weighing scale.

6 The Balmoral Apartment was often used for ‘drug parties’ where ketamine and
ecstasy were freely available. There was a steady stream of visitors who came
for these parties. These party-goers included friends of Julia and Ben, and
included the friends of the appellant and his girlfriend Sunaiza (DW1). Hamdan
was often on the guest list at these parties.

7 After the apartment was searched, the appellant was taken in for a urine
test and was tested positive for consumption of ketamine and methamphetamine.

8 On 15 March 2002 the investigating officer for the case, ASP Daniel Tan
(PW8), conducted a second search of the Balmoral Apartment. Room A was
searched in the presence of the appellant. ASP Tan found, inter alia, the
following items in a cabinet drawer in Room A:

Item No. |  Nature  
---|---  
1 |  An undated yellow application form from Comfort driving centre and a receipt dated 17 October 2001  
2 |  An undated Hari Raya card addressed to the appellant  
3 |  An undated birthday card addressed to the appellant  
4 |  12 photocopied medical certificates of various dates from 20 April 2001 to 9 December 2001  
5 |  Two certificates from the Director of Prisons stating when the appellant was in prison  
6 |  A Bank of Singapore internet account user password with the name of the appellant  
7 |  A photograph of a male Malay thought to be Ben  
  
The contents found in the cabinet drawer in Room A pointed strongly to the
conclusion that Room A was occupied by the appellant. The appellant denied
that he occupied Room A in order to distance himself from the Umbro bag.

9 The appellant originally faced 17 charges, 16 of which related to
possession, consumption and trafficking of drugs. At the hearing before
district judge Teoh Ai Lin, the prosecution applied to withdraw three of the
drug related charges and stood down the charge relating to the possession of a
flip knife. The prosecution then proceeded on 13 of the drug related charges,
and the appellant claimed trial to 11 of these. The two charges to which the
appellant did not claim trial were the two drug consumption charges to which
he pleaded guilty.

10 When I first looked at this case I was of the view that it was odd that the
appellant, who was just an ‘occupier’ of Room A, was charged with offences
more serious than those for which Julia Bohl, who was the actual tenant of the
Balmoral Apartment, was convicted. It is for this reason that I requested from
the Registry the notes of evidence and the oral grounds for the sentence in
the Julia Bohl case. Having read through these documents, I found that there
was no unfairness towards the appellant as regards the charges made out
against him by the prosecution. This was so for two reasons. First, it was
clear that Julia was not living in the Balmoral Apartment one month prior
(though not immediately prior) to the arrests on 13 March 2002. Julia moved
out of the Balmoral Apartment in order to study for her exams. She moved into
an apartment at Cairnhill Circle for one month, and only returned to the
Balmoral Apartment to do her laundry. I found that this fact distanced her
from the drugs found in Room A. Secondly, Julia assisted in the prosecution of
the appellant. This second reason raised the issue of whether Julia was indeed
an independent witness since she had an interest in distancing herself from
the bag in Room A, which was after all in her apartment. The alleged non-
independence of Julia made up one of the grounds of the appeal. I addressed
this point in the appeal.

The law

11 As regards the charges for trafficking in cannabis, cannabis mixture and
methamphetamine (first, third and fifth charges) found in the Umbro bag in
Room A, the prosecution relied on the presumption of trafficking found in s 17
of the Misuse of Drugs Act (MDA) Cap 185 – ie that the appellant had these
drugs in his possession for the purposes of trafficking. The amount of
cannabis, cannabis mixture and methamphetamine in the Umbro bag crossed the
respective threshold limits set out in s 17 of the MDA such that the
presumption of trafficking applied.

12 The Court of Appeal held in _Low Kok Wai v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 676 that the
presumption of trafficking in s 17 only applied when the fact of possession
was proved independently. Thus, possession should not be presumed solely by
virtue of s 18 of the MDA. The prosecution must have proved beyond reasonable
doubt that the drugs were in the possession of the appellant. Once this was
proved, the presumption of having the drugs in his possession for the purpose
of trafficking applied and the burden shifted to the appellant to rebut this
presumption.

13 As regards the rest of the drugs (comprising 26 sachets of ketamine and 37
ecstasy and mixed drug tablets) found in the Umbro bag, the weight of these
drugs did not cross the threshold limits set out in s 17 of the MDA. Thus, the
appellant was only charged with possession of these drugs. Since these drugs
were found together in the Umbro bag, the prosecution did not rely on the s 18
MDA presumption of possession. Instead they sought to prove the fact of
possession independently. This was logical.

14 The Court of Appeal in _Fun Seong Cheng v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 523 laid down
the rule as to what constituted ‘possession.’ The Honourable Karthigesu JA
held that the prosecution needed to prove two things in order to prove
possession. First, it needed to prove that the accused had physical control
over the drugs. It was a matter of fact whether someone had physical control
over an item. Second, the requisite mens rea, on the part of the accused, must
be proved. This mens rea included ‘knowledge only of the existence of the
thing itself and not its qualities.’

Decision in the trail below

15 District Judge Teoh Ai Lin was satisfied that the prosecution had met the
two-limb test as laid down in _Fun Seong Cheng_. Therefore, the burden of
proving that the drugs in his possession were not meant for the purposes of
trafficking shifted to the appellant. The appellant’s defence at trial to all
the 11 charges was one of denial. The district judge found the appellant’s
defence to nine of the eleven charges unsatisfactory. Her grounds of decision
which went into 96 pages, were thorough and complete. She addressed each of
the accused’s arguments and dealt with them in a detailed fashion. She
acquitted the accused of the 11th and 12th charges pertaining to drugs and
paraphernalia found in the living room of the Balmoral Apartment. In
particular, she was extremely fair to the accused when she pointed out that
there was insufficient evidence to establish beyond reasonable doubt that the
cannabis mixture in the wooden box, and the silver pipe and other drug
paraphernalia found in the display cabinet in the living room were in the
possession of the accused pursuant to a common intention between the accused,
Julia and Ben. However, she did convict the appellant on the nine remaining
charges. The sentences were as follows:

**Charge No.** |  **Nature** |  **Minimum &** **Maximum** **Sentence** |  **Sentence Given**  
---|---|---|---  
1 |  Possession of 281.6 g of cannabis for the purpose of trafficking |  5 yrs* + 5 strokes^ to 20 yrs + 15 strokes |  15 yrs and 10 strokes  
3 |  Possession of 382.2 g of cannabis mixture for the purpose of trafficking |  5 yrs + 5 strokes to 20 yrs + 15 strokes |  10 yrs and 7 strokes  
5 |  Possession of 25.12 g of methamphetamine for the purpose of trafficking |  5 yrs + 5 strokes to 20 yrs + 15 strokes |  5 yrs and 5 strokes  
6 |  Possession of 26 sachets of substance containing ketamine |  10 yrs or $20,000 fine or both No minimum |  3 yrs  
7,8,9 |  Possession of a total of 37 ecstasy and mixed drug tablets |  10 yrs or $20,000 fine or both No minimum |  3 yrs per charge  
10 |  Possession of drug paraphernalia inside the Umbro bag |  3 yrs or $10,000 fine No minimum |  3 months jail  
_All charges above relate to drugs and paraphernalia found in Umbro bag in
Room A_  
4 |  Possession of 0.16 g of ketamine at Goodwood Park Service Apartment’s balcony |  10 yrs or $20,000 fine or both No minimum |  2 yrs  
2, 13 |  Consumption of ketamine and methamphetamine |  3 yrs to 10 yrs or $20,000 fine or both |  3 yrs per charge  
  
* years imprisonment ^ strokes of the cane

16 The district judge ordered the sentences on the 1st charge, the 2nd charge
and the 4th charge to run consecutively, and the rest of the sentences to run
concurrently with that on the 1st charge. This made a total of 20 years and 22
strokes of the cane.

The appeal

17 The appellant appealed against conviction (on all the charges except the
two to which he pleaded guilty) and against the sentences on all the charges.

18 The appellant contended that he did not have physical control of the drugs
in the Umbro bag. To this end, he maintained that he did not stay in Room A on
a regular basis. The gist of his argument was that, because Room A was seldom
locked when he visited the Balmoral Apartment and because so many visitors
went to the apartment for parties, it was unfair to find that he alone had
physical control over Room A. Thus, he argued that the district judge erred in
fact when she found him to be in physical control of the drugs in Room A. He
advanced a second argument. He contended that the district judge erred in law
when she drew parallels between the case of _Gulam Bin Notan Mohd Shariff
Jamalddin & Anor v PP_ [1999] 2 SLR 181, the _Fun Seong Cheng_ case and the
case at hand. The district judge used both these cases as authority for the
assertion that one can be found to be in physical control of drugs found
inside the premises to which one does not have exclusive possession.

19 As regards the first contention, I found the district judge was spot on in
finding him to be in physical control of Room A. I found five reasons why Room
A was indeed his room. First, his name was on the rental agreement as an
occupier of the Balmoral Apartment. To this end, the district judge found in
the course of the proceedings that he paid rent for this room. She found that
there was an agreement between Julia and him that the total rent for the
apartment should be shared, though not equally, between them. He denied this,
but I found the weight of evidence, which included the objective fact that his
name was written into the rental agreement, worked to his great disadvantage.
Secondly, it was another objective fact that one of the keys seized from his
person by Sgt Tony Ng (PW3) during the raid on the Goodwood Park Service
Apartment opened the front door to the Balmoral Apartment. The district judge
was correct to draw the logical conclusion that he had free access to and from
the Balmoral Apartment. Thirdly, many personal documents belonging to him were
found in a cabinet drawer in Room A when the investigation officer returned to
the Balmoral Apartment to conduct a second and more thorough search on 15
March 2002. I tabulated these personal documents at para 8. Fourthly, Sunaiza
(DW1), who was his girlfriend, stated that she had stayed in the Balmoral
Apartment with him for five days in the days before her arrest. Fifthly, in
the course of the investigation, clothes were recovered from Room A. These
clothes were identified to be his. These reasons indicated that the trial
judge was correct to find that he was the occupier of Room A and that he
stayed there regularly. In fact, his base was the Balmoral Apartment.

20 As regards the second contention, I looked at the facts of the _Gulam Bin
Notan_ case and the _Fun Seong Cheng_ case. In the latter case, the accused
was arrested in Upper Bukit Timah and escorted back to his office in an Army
camp. Also arrested at Upper Bukit Timah were Tan Peng Swa (Tan) and Kua Teck
Meng (Kua). The accused’s office was shared with his colleague, Sgt Soh Sin
Sie (Sgt Soh). Both had keys to a storeroom inside the office in which was
kept SAF sports equipment. On the day of the arrest, Sgt Soh was on leave and
the accused was alone in the office and had access to the storeroom throughout
that day. In the storeroom the CNB officers found seven packets and six
sachets of substance containing not less than 251.70 g of diamorphine. The
Court of Appeal held that the storeroom was meant for the accused and Sgt Soh.
Only the accused and Sgt Soh were given the keys to the storeroom. The Court
of Appeal held that the fact that Sgt Soh was able to gain access to the
storeroom did not mean that the accused did not have physical control over the
drugs. The Court was satisfied that the accused did in fact have physical
control of the drugs. The Court further held:

Counsel for the appellant submitted that Tan and Kua may have known where the
appellant kept the key to the storeroom and that the appellant was used to
leaving open the window to his office. If it were the appellant’s case that
Tan and Kua may have planted the drugs in the storeroom, then the mental
element of possession would not be satisfied, but this will not affect our
view as to whether the appellant had physical control over the drugs.

I drew two principles from the Court of Appeal’s decision. First, it was clear
that exclusive possession of the room or office in which the drugs were found
was _not_ a pre-requisite to find that an accused had actual physical control
of the drugs. The second principle was that any allegation by an accused that
the drugs were not his (that they were planted by others who might have had
access to the area in which the drugs were found) went to the mental element
of the offence. Therefore, to have raised this allegation in the hope that it
negated ‘physical control’ was fruitless. I found that both these principles
pointed to the conclusion that he had physical control of the drugs found in
the Umbro bag.

21 He also advanced a unique argument in order to distinguish the facts of
_Fun Seong Cheng_ from the case at hand. He argued that, whilst the drugs in
_Fun Seong Cheng_ were found in one location, drugs were found in three
distinct areas in the Balmoral Apartment – ie Room A, Ben and Julia’s room
(the master bedroom) and the living room. I was of the view that the fact that
drugs were found in three locations rather than just in one provided
insufficient reason for this Court to distinguish the current case from _Fun
Seong Cheng_. There had been a very fair apportionment of responsibility for
the drugs in the Balmoral Apartment; he was found to be responsible only for
the drugs in his room, Room A.

22 I disagreed with one minor aspect of the district judge’s interpretation of
the _Gulam Bin Notan_ case. I disagreed that this case should be used as an
authority for the assertion that ‘physical control of drugs is possible even
though the accused did not have exclusive possession of the area in which the
drugs were found.’ In _Gulam Bin Notan_ , there were two appellants who had
been convicted of furthering a common intention to possess drugs for the
purposes of trafficking. Of importance was the fact that the Court of Appeal
found that the two appellants had free access to the area in which the drugs
were found. Because: (a) they were being charged _for furthering a common
intention_ to traffic drugs and (b) it could be argued that _both the
appellants, together, had exclusive possession_ of the area in which the drugs
were found, it was my view that it was safer not to use the _Gulam Bin Notan_
case as an authority for the assertion that ‘physical control of drugs is
possible even though the accused did not have exclusive possession of the area
in which the drugs were found.’ For the sake of clarity, this assertion should
be found in cases such as _Fun Seong Cheng_ where (a) a single appellant was
trying to advance the argument that some other people had access to the room
in which the drugs were found and (b) there was no issue of common intention.
Importantly, there was no co-appellant in _Fun Seong Cheng_ with whom the
Court could say the appellant shared exclusive possession of the area. In
these circumstances, the Court of Appeal held that exclusive possession of the
area in which the drugs were found was not a pre-requisite to having physical
control of the drugs for the purposes of s 17 of the MDA. Nevertheless, in
light of the _Fun Seong Cheng_ case, the district judge was correct in finding
that he had physical control of the drugs in the Umbro bag.

23 He also contended that he did not possess the requisite mens rea**.** He
quoted the following passage in the district judge’s grounds and argued that
she erred in coming to the findings therein. The passage read:

Aside from the fact that the accused occupied Room A, he had shown from his
oral replies to St Sgt David Ng’s questions that he knew the nature of the
different drugs found inside the Umbro bag. When shown the various drugs he
had correctly identified the vegetable block as ganja, and the other
substances as Ketamine and Ice. He had even gone as far as to tell St Sgt
David Ng the weight of the vegetable block was 400 plus grams. The accused’s
responses satisfied the mens rea element to found possession.

With this passage in mind, he advanced three arguments. First, he argued that
St Sgt David Ng did not ask him any questions and neither did he reply to
these fictitious questions. He maintained that he was only questioned by St
Sgt Ngo Hing Wong and that the responses to these questions were found in the
conditioned statement of St Sgt Ngo. I found that this argument was correctly
dealt with in the court below. The district judge said:

I rejected the accused’s account that there was no conversation between the
other officers and him and that St Sgt Ngo was the only one who spoke to him
inside Room A. On this he was directly contradicted by St Sgt David Ng and Sgt
Tony Ng. The accused’s account as to what took place inside Room A was also
shifting. In P27 his CNB statement he had even claimed that he did not even
know where the officers had found the haversack, and that a few officers had
questioned him about his background while he was inside Room A.

There was nothing at the appellate stage that prompted me to question these
findings of the district judge. Indeed, an appellate court should be slow to
overturn the trial judge’s assessment of the credibility and veracity of
witnesses unless the assessment was plainly wrong or against the weight of
evidence; _Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713; _Shamsul Bin Abdullah v PP_
[2002] 4 SLR 176.

24 Secondly, he contended that the district judge was incorrect to make the
finding that he had made a statement as to how heavy he thought the vegetable
matter was. I found that the district judge adequately addressed this
argument. She said:

I accepted St Sgt David Ng’s evidence that upon casual questioning the accused
had told him that the vegetable matter block was ganja, that the crystalline
substance was Ice, and the powdery substance ketamine. I also accepted his
evidence that when he asked the accused the weight of the vegetable matter
block after everything was laid out, the accused told him it was 400 plus
grams. As for counsel’s challenge as to why this was not included in his
conditioned statement, I also accepted St Sgt David Ng’s explanation that he
had not paid much notice to what the accused said at the time because he knew
that the block would be sent for analysis, and he had only brought up the
matter in court as he was being questioned by the DPP about what the accused
said.

I found that the district judge correctly addressed the evidence before her.
There was nothing at the appellate stage which prompted me to interfere with
her finding.

25 Thirdly and in the alternative, he contended that the district judge was
not correct in her finding that he had the requisite mens rea since he only
identified the drugs after the CNB officer had unwrapped them.. The district
judge treated such prompt identification as a sign that he knew from the onset
that the Umbro bag contained drugs. I was of the view that this finding was
further bolstered by the fact that he offered an estimation of how much the
vegetable matter block (which turned out later to be cannabis mixture)
weighed. Furthermore, the district judge relied on the corroborative value of
his cumulative lies to find that he was in possession of the drugs inside the
Umbro bag. To this end, the district judge used the principle laid down by the
Court of Appeal in _PP v Yeo Choon Poh_ [1994] 2 SLR 867 – that the lies of
the accused have corroborative value if they indicate a consciousness of
guilt.

26 The appellant contended that the fact that Julia and Ben had free access to
the apartment and that Room A was seldom locked sufficiently distanced him
from the drugs found in Room A. It was well established however that Room A
was occupied by him and that he had physical control of the drugs found
therein.

27 Counsel contended that the fact that the television and hi-fi sets went
missing between 13 March 2002 (the night of the arrest) and 15 March 2002
(when the investigation officer did a second search of Room A) proved the ease
with which people moved in and out of the Balmoral Apartment which in turn
provided a reasonable explanation as to how party-going visitors gained access
to the flat and left the drug-filled Umbro bag in Room A. I found this
argument speculative. Furthermore, there was evidence that Sunaiza returned to
the Balmoral Apartment on 14 March 2002, and there was no telling if Sunaiza
herself took the television and hi-fi sets in order to help her boyfriend, the
appellant, concoct a story as to how easy it was to gain entry to the
apartment. I found that this concoction should not distance him from the drugs
in Room A.

28 He also contended that Julia and Hamdan were not independent witnesses.
Julia (PW9) and Hamdan (PW10) had an interest in his conviction for the drugs
found in Room A. This was because the two had also been charged with the same
offences relating to the drugs in the Umbro bag in Room A. Although the two
had been given discharges not amounting to acquittals, these charges were
‘resurrectable’ at any time. Nonetheless, I found that the district judge
approached the evidence of these two with utmost caution. As regards Julia,
the district judge stated:

I therefore exercised extreme caution as regards the uncorroborated aspects of
Julia’s testimony, particularly as regards those matters which might have the
effect of directly or indirectly implicating her in the drug activities in the
apartment. However despite the foregoing, I was satisfied that Julia had in
fact been truthful in many areas of her testimony. Many details in her
evidence were corroborated by the other witnesses.

I found that the district judge applied the same level of caution to Hamdan’s
evidence.  
  
**Sentence**

29 In the alternative, he argued that the sentence of 20 years and 22 strokes
was manifestly excessive. I found this not to be the case.

30 As regards the 281.6 g of cannabis (the 1st charge), the district judge was
correct to point out that this was well above the 15 g threshold that
attracted the trafficking presumption under s 17(d) of the MDA. An amount of
330 g to 500 g would have attracted a minimum sentence of 20 years and 15
strokes. 281.6 g was only 50 g short of the 330 g lower limit. Thus 15 years
and 10 strokes of the cane was not manifestly excessive. As regards the 382.2
g of cannabis mixture (the 3rd charge), this was far above the 30 g threshold
that attracts the trafficking presumption in s 17(e) of the MDA. An amount
between 660 g to 1000 g of cannabis mixture would have attracted a minimum
sentence of 20 years and 15 strokes. 382.2 g was more than half the 660 g
lower limit. Thus, 10 years and 7 strokes of the cane was not manifestly
excessive. Furthermore, these sentences were in line with the sentences passed
for similar offences involving drugs of roughly similar amounts, as seen in
the cases of _Loo Pei Xiang v PP_ (MA 205/97/01-02) and _K D Chandran v PP_
(MA 207/98/01). Unlike the accused persons in these two cases, he did not
plead guilty. As regards the 25.12 g of methamphetamine (the 5th charge) he
was in fact given the minimum sentence – 5 years and 5 strokes.

31 As regards the drug consumption charges (2nd and 13th charges), the
district judge took into consideration his previous consumption conviction in
June 1999. In this 1999 conviction, three charges of drug possession were also
taken into consideration. With this background in mind I found that the three
years imprisonment given for each of the two consumption charges was not
manifestly excessive.

32 As regards the drug possession charges for drugs found in the Umbro bag
(6th to 9th charges), the district judge took into consideration the
substantial quantity of drugs found – 37 tablets containing ecstasy and a
mixture of drugs, and 26 sachets of crystalline substances containing
ketamine. Three years imprisonment for each of these possession charges was
not manifestly excessive. As regards the sachet of ketamine found next to him
on the balcony of the Goodwood Park Service Apartment (4th Charge), the
district judge paid heed to the fact that it contained much less ketamine than
did the packets in the Umbro bag. To this end, I found that the two years
imprisonment given for this offence was not manifestly excessive.

33 Lastly, as regards the drug paraphernalia found in the Umbro bag (10th
Charge), the three months jail given for this offence was not manifestly
excessive due to: (a) the fact that the appellant could have received a
maximum of three years and (b) the fact that he had a previous conviction on a
drug related offence.

34 The district judge ordered the sentence in the 1st charge, the 2nd charge
and the 4th charge to run consecutively, and the rest of the prison sentences
to run concurrently with that on the 1st charge. This made a total of 20 years
and 22 strokes of the cane.  
  
**Conclusion**

35 In light of the above reasons, I decided that the appeal against conviction
and sentence be dismissed.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

