Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Ismail Bin Abdul Rahman  
[2003] SGHC 285

Case Number | : | CC 40/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 November 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Eugene Lee, Lee Cheow Han and Christopher Tan, DPPs (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the prosecution; Peter Keith Fernando and Amarick Gill (Leo Fernando) for the accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Ismail Bin Abdul Rahman   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Arms Offences Act  
  
Criminal Law – General exceptions – Accident – Whether made out  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Statements – Voluntariness – Whether
threat or inducement  
  

1 The accused is 37 years old. He was tried on the following charge:

> ‘That you, Ismail Bin Abdul Rahman, on the 7th day of March 2003, sometime
> between 5.30 am and 6.00 am, at Bukit Panjang Telecoms Exchange, located at
> 40 Woodlands Road, Singapore, did use an arm, namely, a .38 inch Calibre
> Special Smith & Wesson revolver, by discharging three rounds from the said
> revolver, with intent to cause physical injury to one Rahim Bin Othman and
> you have thereby committed an offence punishable under section 4(1) of the
> Arms Offences Act, Chapter 14.’
>
> Rahim died subsequently in hospital.

2 Section 4 of the Arms Offences Act provides:

> ‘4(1) Subject to any exception referred to in Chapter IV of the Penal Code
> (Cap. 224) which may be applicable (other than section 95), any person who
> uses or attempts to use any arm shall be guilty of an offence and shall on
> conviction be punished with death.
>
> (2) In any proceedings for an offence under this section, any person who
> uses or attempts to use any arm shall, until the contrary is proved, be
> presumed to have used or attempted to use the arm with the intention to
> cause physical injury to any person or property.’

3 Section 2 of the same Act defines ‘use’ as follows:

> ‘….. ‘use’, with its grammatical variations, means –
>
> (a) in relation to a firearm, air-gun, air-pistol, automatic pistol and any
> other kind of gun or pistol from which any shot, bullet or other missile can
> be discharged or noxious fluid, flame or fumes can be emitted – to cause
> such shot, bullet or other missile to be discharged or such noxious liquid,
> flame or fumes to be emitted with intent to cause physical injury to any
> person; …..’.

4 Chapter IV of the Penal Code (referred to in section 4(1) of the Arms
Offences Act) deals with the general exceptions available as defences to a
charge. Section 95 of the Penal Code, excluded by the said section 4(1) from
applying, is the provision embodying the _de minimis non curat lex_ maxim.
Section 80, which appears in Chapter IV of the Penal Code and is therefore an
applicable defence, provides that:

‘Nothing is an offence which is done by accident or misfortune and without any
criminal intention or knowledge, in the doing of a lawful act in a lawful
manner, by lawful means, and with proper care and caution’.

Relying on this exception, the accused claimed trial, testifying that the
whole shooting incident that early morning was an accident. At the conclusion
of the trial, I found him guilty and convicted him on the charge.

THE PROSECUTION’S CASE

5 On 6 March 2003, Rahim, a CISCO officer, reported for duty at CISCO’s Jurong
Base Headquarters and was issued a .38 calibre Special Smith and Wesson
revolver and ten rounds of ammunition. At about 9.15 pm, Rahim left for his
official duties at Bukit Panjang Telecoms Exchange (‘the exchange’). He
brought with him his revolver and the ammunition. He was the sole guard at the
exchange.

6 At about 6 am on 7 March 2003, his superior, SGT Chandrasaharan, stationed
at the above headquarters, received a telephone call from Rahim saying he had
been shot twice by ‘Mail’ and asked the SGT to call for an ambulance. The SGT
drove immediately to the exchange, informing the police and the ambulance
services about the shooting along the way. He knew that ‘Mail’ was a nickname
for the accused, a former CISCO officer known to him for about ten years. The
accused’s services were terminated in early 2003 after he was found to have
been absent from official duty.

7 At about the same time, Rahim’s wife, who was in bed at home, also received
a telephone call from Rahim informing her that he had been shot. She woke
their 19 year old son up and asked him to call his father using his mobile
phone. When the son spoke to his father, Rahim sounded breathless and kept
uttering some prayers. Rahim’s wife then called the police. The son telephoned
Rahim again but the latter still uttered prayers without telling him what had
happened. The son then called the ambulance services to say that a CISCO guard
had been shot at the exchange.

8 When SGT Chandrasaharan arrived at the exchange about ten minutes later, the
electronically controlled main gate was opened. He found Rahim lying in a
supine position on the floor in the guardhouse. Rahim asked him to call for an
ambulance. He told the SGT that the accused had wanted to use the toilet in
the exchange and that the accused shot him twice and then ran away with the
revolver. He pointed to his thighs as the part of his body that had been shot
at.

9 Shortly thereafter, police officers arrived at the exchange. The SGT related
to them what Rahim had told him. He also told them the accused was a male
Malay aged thirty plus, was bald and had a stout build. The information was
relayed by the police officers to their Division Operations Room.

10 The ambulance then arrived at the exchange and the female paramedic
attended to Rahim who was still conscious. She removed the Nokia mobile phone
that was on Rahim’s chest. She noted three gaping wounds at the front of
Rahim’s body and another one at his rear right waist area. Rahim was then
placed on a stretcher and brought into the ambulance. Along the way to the
National University Hospital, he became unconscious. The ambulance arrived at
the hospital at close to 7 am and Rahim was brought immediately into the
emergency room.

11 Emergency surgery was performed on Rahim but he went into cardiac arrest
and passed away at about 12.30 pm.

12 The accused’s wife, a canteen helper, testified that the accused returned
to their Bukit Batok housing estate flat on 7 March 2003 at about 6.30 am. He
was perspiring and removed his shirt while at the main door. He helped their
youngest son, aged nine, to prepare for school and then left with him,
returning to the flat at around 7 am. He sat in the kitchen, smoked and had
his breakfast. He appeared to his wife to be disturbed about something. She
found out from him that he took a ferry at 10.30 pm the night before from
Batam and arrived in Singapore at about 1 am on 7 March 2003. After breakfast,
the accused went to lie down on their bed.

13 At about 8.15 am, he put on a dark-coloured long sleeve sweater and a pair
of jeans. Fifteen minutes later, he left the flat with a white helmet and a
helmet bag.

14 When she was getting ready to leave home for work, she received a telephone
call from the accused saying he was at the opposite block of flats waiting for
a friend. He had a mobile phone but the line had been terminated. Nothing much
was said between them. After that call ended, her sister called to tell her
there was something in the news about the accused.

15 At around 9 am, the accused called her at home again. She asked him about
what her sister had said. He told her he was in a police post opposite the
Bukit Gombak MRT station and asked her not to go there. Nevertheless, she left
their flat for the said police post. When she arrived there, the accused had
already been placed under arrest.

16 She added that they did not have any financial problems during the earlier
years of their marriage. The accused used to give her $1,000 each month for
their household expenses. However, in the middle of 2002 or so, he owed banks
money because of his spending using credit cards. He did not own a car or a
motorcycle.

17 ASP Abdul Halim bin Osman from the Criminal Investigation Department
testified that at about 8.50 am, he received information that the accused had
been spotted at the 7-Eleven store at Bukit Batok Central. ASP Halim and his
team of officers arrived at the vicinity and observed the accused leaving the
men’s toilet at the bus interchange there. When the accused boarded a bus, the
officers followed. He alighted near Bukit Gombak and walked towards the Hong
Kah North Neighbourhood Police Post (‘NPP’).

18 The accused entered the police post. He was carrying a bag in one hand and
was perspiring and panting. He paced up and down in front of the counter,
looking out of the glass door. The officer on duty asked him what had happened
but he merely continued his pacing. When asked again, he told the officer that
someone was chasing him. The officer realised then that he fit the description
of the person wanted in connection with the shooting earlier that day.

19 With the permission of the officer, the accused made a call to his wife
from the telephone there. After the short conversation with his wife, he sat
down and told the officer, ‘I confess to what happened earlier at Panjang.
Here are all the things’. He then raised the bag towards the officer who
noticed the butt of a revolver sticking out. The officer took the bag away
from the accused and was about to continue the conversation when ASP Halim and
his officers entered and arrested the accused.

20 ASP Halim opened the accused’s helmet bag in his presence and recovered the
revolver, seven rounds of ammunition and three cartridges. He then contacted
the investigating officer in charge of the case, SI Roy Lim. The accused was
brought into a room.

21 While waiting for the investigating officer to arrive, ASP Halim
interviewed the accused who agreed to write out a statement for him. This
statement was not used by the Prosecution at the trial.

22 After the investigating officer arrived and had been briefed, the police
officers went with the accused to the men’s toilet at the Bukit Batok bus
interchange, arriving there at about 10.55 am. The investigating officer
interviewed the accused in the toilet and wrote down what he said in his field
book. This statement was admitted after a trial within a trial. The accused’s
sweater, which was left in one of the cubicles in the toilet by him, was
seized.

23 At about 12.15 pm, the officers brought the accused to his flat. There the
accused led the investigating officer to the storeroom of the flat and showed
him a plastic bag, telling him that the CCTV videotapes which he had taken
from the guardhouse at the Bukit Panjang Telecoms Exchange were in the bag. He
also told the officer that the clothes he wore during the shooting incident
had been washed by his wife and were hanging on the bamboo poles outside the
flat to dry. On the way back to the police vehicle, the accused also said he
had removed a cup and an ashtray from the said guardhouse and had discarded
the items in the rubbish chute. The cup and the ashtray were recovered from
the rubbish chute.

24 Three slugs were recovered from Rahim’s body. The autopsy report by Dr Paul
Chui stated that Rahim’s death was due to multiple gunshot wounds to the
abdomen. There were three gunshot wounds and one exit wound. Each gunshot
wound was sufficient by itself to cause death in the ordinary course of nature
but it was not possible to determine the chronological order in which they had
been inflicted. One of the wounds entered Rahim’s anterior abdominal wall at
an angle of about 45 degrees. The consultant forensic pathologist did not
notice any gunpowder or soot near the wounds. He could not examine Rahim’s
clothing as it had already been removed when the body was sent for autopsy.

25 Dr Tay Ming Kiong, an analyst with the Centre for Forensic Science,
examined the clothes worn by the accused and by Rahim at the time of the
shooting incident and found gunshot residue on them. Gunshot residue would
normally be found if the object in question was within one to two metres of
the firearm when it was discharged. His findings meant that the clothes
examined were within one to two metres of the firearm at the time of discharge
or were in close contact with things with gunshot residue particles.

26 Another analyst, Vicky Chow Yuen San, examined the revolver, the slugs and
the cartridges in question and Rahim’s shirt worn during the shooting
incident. She found that the gunpowder pattern around the hole nearer to the
front placket of the shirt was consistent with that of a shot fired from a
distance of between 50 and 100 cm and that the gunpowder pattern around the
hole further from the front placket was consistent with that of a shot fired
from a distance of less than 30 cm. Similarly, the gunpowder pattern around
the hole on the back of the shirt was consistent with that of a shot fired
from a distance of less than 30 cm. She was of the opinion that the slugs and
the cartridges were fired from the revolver in question.

27 SGT Kwek Tze Wei of the Armament and Ops Equipment Division examined the
revolver in question and found nothing faulty with the trigger and the safety
mechanism. Test firing of the weapon indicated it was in a fully serviceable
condition. A finger pressure of 5.91 kg or 13 pounds was required to pull the
trigger at double action. Only 1.38 kg or 3.5 pounds of finger pressure was
required at single action where the hammer was in a fully cocked position.
There would be a recoil diagonally upwards and backwards every time the weapon
was fired. He was of the opinion it would be very unlikely for the weapon to
be discharged accidentally more than once due to the recoil and the fact that
the trigger finger has to be released in order to pull the trigger again. The
revolver was not able to discharge two rounds one after the other, even with
the hammer cocked, when the trigger was pulled only once

28 Dr Tommy Tan, a consultant with the Woodbridge Hospital, examined the
accused on 25 March 2003 and on 4 April 2003 and interviewed his wife once. He
was of the opinion that the accused had been suffering from a prolonged
depressive reaction for at least a few months. Such a disorder was caused by
his debts and was characterised by a low mood, decreased appetite and poor
sleep. However, the accused was not of unsound mind at the time of the
shooting incident.

THE TRIAL WITHIN A TRIAL

29 The prosecution sought to admit the following four statements made by the
accused and recorded by the investigating officer:

(1) in his field book on 7 March 2003 at about 11 am at the Bukit Batok bus
interchange;

(2) in his field book on 9 March 2003 at about 6.20 pm at the CID;

(3) in his computer on 13 March 2003 at about 2.30 pm at the CID; and

(4) in his computer on 20 March 2003 at about 3.55 pm at the CID.

As their admissibility as evidence was challenged by the defence on the ground
that they had been made involuntarily, a trial within a trial was conducted.

30 On 7 March 2003, after the accused had completed a self-written statement
at the NPP, he was brought by a team of police officers to the bus
interchange. The investigating officer and ASP Halim went there in a different
vehicle. The investigating officer testified that he recorded a statement from
the accused in the men’s toilet outside one of the cubicles used by the
accused earlier that morning. The escorting officers were standing near the
entrance to the toilet while the recording was going on. That was the first
time the investigating officer spoke to the accused.

31 He asked the accused to relate to him what had happened in the toilet
earlier that morning. The accused spoke in English and everything that he said
was recorded. The recorded statement was then read back to the accused and he
was invited to alter or to add to it. He declined to do so. He was then asked
by the investigating officer to sign on the statement and he complied.

32 The investigating officer was the only one who asked the accused questions.
He denied that one of the police officers offered the accused a cigarette and
allowed him to smoke in the men’s toilet. He asked the accused why the
revolver was loaded with five rounds. He denied that the accused said he did
not reload the revolver or that they disbelieved him and accused him of lying.
He did not say to the accused, ‘You better tell me everything’. He also denied
that one of the police officers threatened the accused by adding that the
government was spending thousands of dollars to train the police in the
detection of lies. While the police may inform witnesses that they did not
need to say things which incriminate themselves, it was not the practice to
similarly inform accused persons.

33 For the 9 March 2003 statement, the investigating officer began by saying
to the accused, ‘Tell me what actually happened’. The statement was recorded
in the field book as his computer could not function that day and he was not
able to access the other computers in the office as they were password-
protected. The accused spoke in English. He did not request that an
interpreter be present. When the recording was completed, the accused signed
the statement.

34 The investigating officer testified under cross-examination that he did not
bring the accused to the pantry before proceeding to his office. He did not
offer the accused a drink or a cigarette. He denied that the accused told him
in the pantry, while sipping his drink, that there had been a misfire. He did
not ask for the accused’s co-operation or promise that he would speak to the
judge to get the accused a lighter sentence.

35 On 13 March 2003, the investigating officer brought the accused out of the
lockup and informed him that he was going to record another statement and that
whatever he wanted to say would be recorded in the computer. Although the
accused chose to speak in English again, the investigating officer called for
an interpreter to be present but none was available then. He proceeded to
record the things said by the accused. He then printed out the statement
recorded. The interpreter arrived at that moment and was asked to interpret
the statement to the accused. He did so in Malay. The interpreter and the
accused then signed on the statement.

36 On 20 March 2003, the investigating officer brought the accused to his
office. A Malay interpreter was present. The investigating officer informed
the accused he would be posing questions to him to clarify certain matters.
His earlier statement made on 19 March 2003 (which was not adduced in
evidence) was read back to him by the interpreter.

37 The accused spoke in English assisted by the interpreter whenever
necessary. At the end of the recording, the statement was printed out from the
computer and read back to the accused. The interpreter and the accused then
signed on the statement.

38 The accused did not complain to the investigating officer at any time about
any threats made by any police officer against him. He was co-operative during
the investigations. The investigating officer maintained that all the
statements were made by the accused voluntarily.

39 ASP Christopher Jacobs was one of the officers in the vehicle who escorted
the accused from the NPP to the bus interchange on 7 March 2003. SSG Simon Lee
was the driver and ASP Ng Poh Lai was the front seat passenger. At the rear,
the accused, who was handcuffed, sat in the middle between SSSG Lee Yok Joo on
his right and ASP Jacobs on his left. During the journey to the bus
interchange, ASP Ng asked the accused for directions. No one in the vehicle
made any threats, inducement or promise to the accused. In particular, ASP Ng
did not tell the accused that he had better not lie as he (ASP Ng) had
attended courses on interrogation.

40 At the bus interchange, ASP Jacobs walked in and out of the men’s toilet
and did not hear the conversation between the investigating officer and the
accused inside the toilet. He did not communicate with the accused.

41 ASP Ng Poh Lai denied that he had, at the NPP, dismissed the accused’s
statement to ASP Halim that the shooting was an accident. He also denied
having told the accused along the way to the bus interchange that he had
attended courses on interrogation and that the accused had better not lie to
him. He was standing guard outside the said toilet most of the time and did
not know what was said inside. The questioning was left to the investigating
officer and ASP Halim. The accused was not given a cigarette to smoke in the
toilet. He denied having asked the accused why the revolver was loaded with
five rounds or accusing him of lying when he said he did not reload the
revolver.

42 SSSG Lee Yok Joo testified that no one in the vehicle threatened the
accused on the way to the bus interchange. When the accused was being
interviewed inside the toilet, he did not listen to the conversation as his
role was merely to escort the accused. No one said the accused was lying. ASP
Ng did not tell the accused the government had spent thousands of dollars
sending him for courses to detect lies. The accused was not offered a
cigarette and did not smoke in the toilet.

43 ASP Halim and the driver of the vehicle were not called in the trial within
a trial as the accused confirmed they had nothing to do with the threats.

44 In his testimony, the accused said while he was in the vehicle heading for
the bus interchange, ASP Ng told him not to tell lies as the government had
spent thousands of dollars to send him for courses and he was able to
determine if a person was lying. The accused felt very demoralised as he had
told them the truth about what happened earlier that day but no one believed
him.

45 Inside the toilet at the bus interchange, ASP Ng kept asking him to tell
the truth although the accused had told him it was a misfire. ASP Ng and SSSG
Lee Yok Joo took turns to question him. SSSG Lee then offered him a few
cigarettes and he smoked them with SSSG Lee placing one cigarette at a time
inside his mouth as his hands were handcuffed behind him. ASP Ng asked him
what he was doing in the toilet earlier that morning. He replied he went there
to urinate and to wash his face. As he was feeling very hot, he removed his
sweater and left it inside one of the cubicles as he did not want it anymore.
He showed the officer where he hung the sweater.

46 When ASP Ng asked him who loaded the revolver with five rounds, he replied
he did not load it. ASP Ng accused him of lying again and he felt very
disappointed and hopeless as no one wanted to believe him. As he was feeling
like ‘zero’, he made up a story for the investigating officer and put his
signature to the false story.

47 Later that day, he was charged with having committed murder and he made a
cautioned statement under section 122 (6) Criminal Procedure Code.

48 On 9 March 2003, the investigating officer brought him out of the lockup.
They went to the pantry before proceeding to the investigating officer’s
office. No one else was in the pantry. He was offered a cup of coffee and some
cigarettes to smoke. The investigating officer removed the handcuffs. They had
a casual conversation. The investigating officer asked him to co-operate with
him and tell the truth. The accused asked him for his handwritten statement
made at the NPP on 7 March 2003 but was not given a copy of it. His story was
as written in that first statement but the investigating officer did not
believe him. The investigating officer told him if he co-operated and told him
everything, he would speak to the judge and try to get a lesser sentence for
him. He therefore had no choice and made up a story for the investigating
officer.

49 The other statements recorded on 13, 19 (which was not adduced in evidence)
and 20 March 2003 were also made up and untrue because of the promise made to
him by the investigating officer on 9 March 2003. He simply carried on with
the false story.

50 In cross-examination, the accused said the investigating officer also
questioned him about what he was doing inside the toilet earlier that morning
and told him to tell the truth. He said he did not believe the story that it
had been an accident.

THE DECISION OF THE COURT IN THE TRIAL WITHIN A TRIAL

51 It was the prosecution’s duty to prove beyond reasonable doubt that all the
statements of the accused were made voluntarily. I accepted the evidence of
the prosecution’s witnesses that there was never any need to threaten or to
induce the accused into making any of the statements as he was co-operative
throughout. After all, it was he who walked into the NPP himself and
subsequently volunteered to write out a statement for ASP Halim. They did not
even have to use force to arrest him.

52 Even if the alleged words had been uttered by ASP Ng or anyone else, I did
not think the accused would have abandoned hope and his senses so completely
that he would concoct a story for the investigating officer. It was not his
case that the so-called made-up story was suggested to him by any of the
officers or that they told him what they wanted to hear from him.

53 Similarly, at the CID on 9 March 2003, there was no need to offer any
inducement to him before asking him to make a further statement as he remained
co-operative. I believed the investigating officer’s testimony that he did not
bring the accused to the pantry before proceeding to his office.

54 Since there were no threats or inducement on 7 and 9 March 2003, it
followed that the accused could not have been under such influence on 13 and
20 March 2003. Accordingly, I found that all his statements were made
voluntarily and admitted them as evidence.

THE PROSECUTION’S CASE (CONTINUED)

55 In his statement of 7 March 2003, the accused explained that when he was in
the 7-Eleven store earlier that morning, he noticed a few men chasing him.
Knowing that there would be a ‘big shoot out’, he went into the men’s toilet
at the bus interchange and reloaded the revolver with five rounds of bullets
from the strip loader. He then put the extra two rounds and the three spent
ones back into the strip loader. After placing the revolver in his helmet, he
walked out of the toilet and then boarded a bus. He noticed a man followed him
and boarded the bus too. When the bus reached the Bukit Gombak MRT station, he
knew that there was a NPP in the vicinity and decided to proceed there to
surrender himself ‘so things won’t get worst’.

56 In the 9 March 2003 statement, the accused told the investigating officer
his intention was merely to obtain a firearm and not to kill anyone. He had
some financial difficulties. On 6 March 2003 at about 11 pm, he decided to go
to the exchange ‘as that was a(n) easy place to get a gun’. He knew there was
only one CISCO guard on duty there.

57 Rahim let him in and they had a casual conversation. He was thinking of a
way of getting the revolver without hurting Rahim. The opportunity arrived
when they were talking about marksmanship. Rahim asked him to teach him the
correct way to shoot and took out his revolver. The accused demonstrated the
proper technique with the revolver.

58 At about 5.35 am, Rahim, seated in a chair, was falling asleep. Time was
running out for the accused as his intention was to rob the DBS bank at Bukit
Batok Central at about 8.50 am because that was the best time to do so. He
could not afford to wait any longer. He used the revolver to fire two shots at
the left side of Rahim’s body. Rahim thought the accused had misfired and
asked him to help lower him down to the floor. He asked the accused to leave.
He then changed his mind and told the accused they should answer to CISCO
together. The accused helped Rahim to remove his belt as requested. Rahim then
asked him to telephone his (Rahim’s) wife. The accused could not allow him to
do so because that would foil his plan to rob the bank. While standing up, the
accused discharged one more bullet at Rahim’s stomach. Rahim turned pale and
did not move anymore.

59 The accused then took the revolver, the cup he was drinking out of, the
ashtray and the videotapes from the exchange’s CCTV system and left for home
after hailing a taxi.

60 Later that morning, he headed for the bank which he intended to rob but
noticed people following him. After thinking the matter through, he knew
things would get worse and therefore decided to surrender himself at the NPP.

61 The statement made on 13 March 2003 elaborated on the events that occurred
on 6 and 7 March 2003. The accused stated that he went to the exchange at
Bukit Panjang at about 11 pm on 6 March 2003 and told Rahim he needed to use
the toilet. After that, Rahim asked him whom he was waiting for at the main
road and the accused replied that he was waiting for a friend to go to Johor
Baru with. He made up that story in order to remain in the guardhouse of the
exchange a bit longer.

62 Rahim made him some coffee and they had a long conversation about the way
to achieve marksmanship during which Rahim handed his revolver to the accused
so that he could demonstrate the finer points to Rahim. At about 2.30 am on 7
March 2003, the accused returned the revolver to Rahim as he had to patrol the
grounds.

63 About ten minutes later, Rahim returned to the guardhouse and they resumed
their conversation about marksmanship. Rahim made the accused another drink
and handed him his revolver again as he did not understand the correct
shooting technique.

64 By about 5.30 am, Rahim was dozing off with the left side of his body
facing the accused. Intending to gain possession of the weapon, the accused
fired two shots at the left side of Rahim’s body. Rahim leant to the right and
shouted to the accused to turn off the circuit breaker as he thought there was
an electrical short circuit. When Rahim realised there was blood on his body,
he said ‘Eh… misfire apa’. The accused replied, ‘Ya … misfire’.

65 Rahim asked him to help him down to the floor and to get him some water.
The accused complied with the requests. Rahim then asked the accused to leave
the premises and he would be responsible for the misfire. He changed his mind
almost immediately and said they should both answer to CISCO. The accused
helped Rahim to unbuckle his belt and his holster and to untie his shoelaces.
Rahim then asked for the telephone in order to call his wife and to call for
an ambulance. The accused could not let him call because it would spoil his
plans. He then fired one more shot at the stomach region of Rahim’s body.

66 Thinking Rahim was dead, the accused took his bullet pouch containing five
bullets and tucked the revolver into the waist of his jeans. He packed up all
the videotapes of the CCTV, the ashtray and the cup. He then took seven
dollars from Rahim’s wallet and used the money for his taxi fare home.

67 He returned home at about 6.15 am. He did not respond when his wife asked
him why he was so late. He kept his helmet outside the flat in a cupboard and
kept the CCTV videotapes in the storeroom. He placed the revolver and the
bullets in a drawer in the master bedroom. He took a shower, had breakfast,
walked his son to school and then returned home.

68 At about 8.25 am, wearing a long sleeved sweater over a short sleeved
T-shirt, he left the flat with the revolver and the bullets inside his white
helmet which he carried in a helmet bag. He arrived in Bukit Batok Central and
stopped by at a mini-mart to buy some cigarettes. He then proceeded to the DBS
bank there. He had only one and a half hours to leave Singapore after the
intended robbery.

69 He was surprised to see no CISCO officer patrolling near the bank, contrary
to the normal routine. He looked around and saw the CISCO officers at the 4-D
outlet, apparently looking for someone. He also noticed several persons
watching him. He therefore decided not to rob the bank.

70 At the bus interchange, he made a telephone call home and asked his wife
whether anyone had called him. After she replied that no one had called him,
he went to the men’s toilet and removed his long sleeved sweater in order to
change his appearance. He unloaded the bullets and the cartridges in the
revolver and reloaded it with five rounds because he felt the situation would
be very bad as he had realised there were a number of police officers waiting
for him outside.

71 The accused walked out of the toilet and seeing a bus about to leave the
interchange quickly got on board. A man in a yellow T-shirt followed him. He
recognised that man as the one observing him earlier at the interchange. He
then took the revolver out of the helmet and slipped it into the waist of his
jeans. He contemplated firing one shot at that man and taking a passenger
hostage. Upon further reflection about his family and what he had already
done, he decided not to do so. He decided to alight near the Bukit Gombak MRT
station in order to take a train and to change his plans.

72 As he was crossing the road towards the MRT station, he still wanted to rob
any bank. However, three men were walking closer and closer to him. He thought
about shooting them before they could shoot him. Seeing he was being tailed by
policemen, he knew he could no longer rob a bank. Recalling a NPP nearby, he
slipped away from them and walked towards the NPP while placing the revolver
back into the helmet.

73 He told the police officer on duty at the NPP that he was the one involved
in the shooting of the CISCO officer. He surrendered the weapon and the
bullets to him. He did this ‘in order not to injure anyone and also my plan to
rob the bank had failed and I could not leave the country’.

74 In the statement of 20 March 2003, the accused answered various questions
posed to him by the investigating officer. He explained he boarded the bus at
the interchange to see if anyone was following him and also to slip away from
anyone following him. He finally surrendered because all his plans had failed.
He had intended to have a shoot-out with the police officers, confident he
could take down six of them, leaving the last bullet for himself. As there
were members of the public in the vicinity, he decided not to do so because
there could be loss of innocent lives. He confirmed he achieved the status of
marksman annually between 1998 and 2002 when he was employed by CISCO. He was
a CISCO officer from 1991 to 2002. He also said the barrel of the revolver was
about one foot away from Rahim when he fired the first two shots at him. There
was no pause between the two shots. He fired the third shot when Rahim was
lying on the floor and he was standing near Rahim’s feet and extending his
arms to shoot. He was right-handed. He was aware the revolver was loaded with
live rounds when he pulled the trigger and was conscious that discharging a
firearm at someone could have fatal consequences. He concluded by saying he
did not deny the murder charge (which he faced originally) and he was sorry
for Rahim and family. He said he had no intention to kill but was not able to
think clearly at the material time.

THE ACCUSED’S CASE

75 The 37 year old accused testified in his own defence. He said he was also
known as ‘Mail’ or ‘Is’. He worked as a CISCO officer between March 1991 and
December 2002. He stopped working in CISCO after he was disciplined for being
absent without leave. His salary in December 2002 was about $2,000.

76 He was also working as a commercial diver in Batam, Bintang and elsewhere
in Indonesia while he was still employed by CISCO. That brought him extra
income. He continued working as a diver after he left CISCO. For his last
assignment in February 2003, he was supposed to have been paid $35,000 but was
not. For the assignment in March 2003, he received $35,000 but lost the money
to robbers in Batam.

77 On 4 March 2003, he returned to Batam to collect another $35,000 as his
share of profits from a friend but was unable to meet him despite waiting
until 6 March 2003. As a result, he missed an appointment he had made with
Rahim to meet between 4 and 5 pm on 6 March 2003 at Bukit Batok Central. He
returned to Singapore at about 9.30 pm that day. He would usually carry the
helmet to and from Batam because his neighbour sometimes gave him a lift on
his motorcycle.

78 Upon his arrival here, he immediately went by bus to the exchange where
Rahim was on duty. He had been there on supervisory rounds while in CISCO but
had not performed guard duties there. The main gates were closed when he
arrived there. He did not telephone Rahim to say he was going there to meet
him as he had misplaced Rahim’s mobile phone number. He had to wait about
twenty minutes before Rahim realised he was at the gates and let him in. He
told Rahim he needed to use the toilet.

79 Later, they sat in the guardhouse and talked. Rahim said he was waiting for
his call and the accused apologised for not calling earlier and for missing
the appointment. Rahim was supposed to lend the accused $2,000 at that
appointment so that he could go and look for the friend in Batam to collect
the $35,000 and to pay his debts. Rahim said he could not bring so much money
to the exchange as he was not allowed to do so while on duty. He said he would
go and withdraw the money in the morning. The accused therefore remained in
the guardhouse.

80 Rahim made the accused a drink. They then talked about shooting with Rahim
asking the accused for advice on how to achieve marksmanship. Rahim handed his
revolver to the accused with the cylinder opened and with no bullets inside
the chambers. The accused showed Rahim how to grip the revolver and to pull
the trigger properly. At about 2.30 am, Rahim took his revolver and went out
to patrol the grounds of the exchange. The accused did not see him loading the
weapon.

81 Rahim returned to the guardhouse about ten minutes later. They continued
their casual conversation until about 5.30 am when Rahim asked the accused to
teach him shooting techniques again. The accused was feeling somewhat sleepy
but Rahim was not. Rahim handed him the revolver, this time with the cylinder
closed. The accused thought it was not loaded. He pointed the revolver at
Rahim and told him to observe the fast clicking action. The accused then
pulled the trigger twice.

82 Rahim looked up and exclaimed, ‘Mail, short circuit’. The accused also
looked up. He did not realise his finger was still inside the trigger guard.
Rahim wanted to get up from the chair. The accused’s hand holding the revolver
was lowered. Somehow, he accidentally pulled the trigger and another shot hit
Rahim. Rahim asked the accused whether it was a misfire and the accused then
realised it was. Rahim asked for the revolver and the accused handed it back
to him. He helped Rahim down to the floor as requested. Rahim told him to run
away, saying he would answer for the shooting. However, he immediately changed
his mind and said they would answer for it together.

83 Rahim asked for some water but the accused told him, ‘Later’. He helped him
to remove his belt and holster. The accused was panicky and took whatever he
could find to cover Rahim’s wounds. From his bag, he took his gloves, used for
diving, to cover the wounds. He helped Rahim to remove his shoes and then saw
that the revolver was loaded with five rounds placed in a disorderly manner.
He went to get water for Rahim, bringing the revolver with him as he was
afraid that someone might enter the guardhouse in the meantime.

84 When he returned with the water, he was shocked to see Rahim’s pale face.
He tried to wake him up but Rahim remained motionless. The accused thought
Rahim was dead. He did not know what to do. He then took the cup, the ashtray,
his gloves, the CCTV videotapes and $7 from Rahim’s wallet. His mind was
confused and he took whatever came into his mind. He did not call for the
police or an ambulance because he thought that Rahim was dead. He merely
wanted to get away from the exchange and return home to see his family. He
left in a confused state of mind with all those items.

85 At his flat in Bukit Batok, he kept the helmet in a cupboard outside the
main door and placed the videotapes in the storeroom. He kept the revolver and
the bullets in a drawer in the master bedroom. He then woke his son up and
prepared him for school. When he returned home after walking his son to
school, he had breakfast with his wife. He was still worried. After that, he
threw the ashtray and the cup into the rubbish chute without knowing why. His
intention at that time was to return the revolver. He then went to rest in
bed.

86 At about 8 am, he left his flat, intending to go to the NPP at Bukit Batok
Central to return the revolver and to surrender himself as he had seen his
family already. He did not tell them about the shooting incident. His mind was
still muddled and he was perspiring profusely. He bought cigarettes along the
way and smoked while walking. He passed by a 7-Eleven store and went in to
cool himself. He then went to use the men’s toilet at the bus interchange. As
he was still feeling very hot, he removed the long sleeved sweater he was
wearing and hung it up in one of the cubicles as he did not want it anymore.
He smoked another one or two cigarettes while in the toilet. He did not reload
the revolver at all since leaving the guardhouse at the exchange. He also did
not remove it from the helmet at any time since he left his flat.

87 It then occurred to him that there was no NPP there. He recalled there was
one at Bukit Gombak. He made a call to his wife from a public telephone,
intending to tell her the truth. However, he did not do so when she answered
the call. He then took a bus to go to Bukit Gombak NPP to surrender the
revolver and himself.

88 At the said NPP, he was still in a confused state of mind. He wondered
whether to call his wife from there or outside the NPP. That was why he kept
looking outside the glass door. He asked the duty officer for permission to
use the telephone and made a call to his wife. He told her where he was and
instructed her not to go there. He then surrendered the revolver to the duty
officer.

89 When the team of police officers went into the NPP to arrest him, he did
not put up any struggle. He co-operated with them during the arrest. ASP Halim
brought him into a room, handed him a piece of paper and told him to think and
to state what had happened in the shooting incident. ASP Halim merely kept
watch while he was writing. The statement, admitted in evidence by the
defence, stated in essence that the shooting, involving two bullets on the
first occasion and one bullet on the next, was accidental.

90 However, as there were police officers walking in and out of the room
asking him questions now and then, he became confused and wrote certain things
which were not accurate. The version he gave in Court was the correct one.

91 The statement of 7 March 2003 made under section 122 (6) Criminal Procedure
Code was also adduced in evidence by the defence. There, in reply to the
original charge of murder, the accused said to INSP David Ang:

‘I did not mean to kill my colleague. I am surprised that he has passed away,
when the charge was read to me. That’s all’.

92 In cross-examination, the accused said the last time he met Rahim before 6
March 2003 was on 2 March 2003 at Bukit Batok Central. They met by chance. The
accused brought up the topic of a loan of $2,000. Rahim said he would try to
lend the money to him on 6 March 2003. Rahim told the accused to call him to
ascertain whether he could get the money for him and to meet him between 4 and
5 pm on 6 March 2003. Rahim also told him he would be on the night shift that
night at the exchange, which was his permanent post. The accused did not call
him that day as he was waiting for his friend to bring him the $35,000. He had
also misplaced Rahim’s telephone number. He went to the exchange after
returning from Batam with the hope of obtaining the loan from Rahim.

93 The accused was aware that a CISCO guard on duty would be carrying a loaded
weapon. When Rahim handed him the revolver the second time, the accused was
feeling sleepy and the lighting was dim. He did not notice that there were
live rounds in the cylinder. The first two shots were fired one immediately
after the other as he pulled the trigger twice rapidly using double-action
firing. When Rahim stood up, the revolver was still in the accused’s hand. The
third round was fired when Rahim stood up and the accused’s hand holding the
weapon also went up in shock and his finger pulled the trigger accidentally.
The accused was seated then. The accused had never misfired a revolver during
the decade he was working in CISCO.

94 After he helped Rahim remove his shoes, he turned around and saw five
rounds in the cylinder of the revolver. They were not arranged properly, with
some jutting out. He also saw three empty cartridges on the floor and two
rounds in the strip loader. He did not have the chance to ask Rahim why he
reloaded the weapon. The accused picked up the cartridges and placed them into
the strip loader. He took the $7 from Rahim’s wallet as he needed money for
the taxi fare home.

THE DECISION OF THE COURT

95 I found the accused’s version of the shooting incident totally illogical
and incredible. Rahim was on official duty at a guard post and the revolver
could not have been unloaded. If Rahim decided later to load the weapon, he
would surely have informed the accused about it when handing it to him. He
could not have been so foolish as to allow the accused to point a loaded
weapon at him, knowing that the accused was going to demonstrate by pulling
the trigger.

96 The accused was a CISCO officer for about ten years and a marksman. He was
adept at handling revolvers. The noise and the recoil from firing one shot in
that confined guardhouse would have awakened the most sleepy of persons.
However, the accused fired two shots in rapid succession at Rahim and still
claimed he did not realise what he had done. Anyone in his position would have
been so horrified that he would have put the revolver down immediately or
perhaps even dropped it in utter shock and horror. The accused not only held
onto the revolver firmly, he pulled the trigger a third time soon thereafter.
His actions showed clearly he intended to fire at Rahim in cold blood. When
Rahim remained conscious and wanted to call his wife, the accused had to fire
the third shot to silence him.

97 His evidence about wanting a loan from Rahim was mentioned for the first
time during his testimony in Court. None of his statements alluded to that. It
was obviously concocted to give the impression that he had a legitimate reason
for wanting to visit Rahim so late at night at a guard post located far from
the ferry terminal and immediately after arriving from Batam. Waiting till the
next morning would not have made one bit of difference.

98 His evidence about Rahim having reloaded the revolver with five rounds
after the shooting was nothing short of bizarre. Rahim had absolutely no
reason to do so even if he could and it requires no great intellect to know
that a person with three gunshot wounds in his body would not be able to do
that.

99 The accused claimed many times in his testimony that he was confused after
the ‘accidental’ shooting. However, the things he removed from the guardhouse
were all things that could point to his presence there. Quite clearly, he was
removing all incriminating evidence in a cool-headed and calculated way.

100 If the shooting was indeed an accident, the accused would have called for
medical help from the guardhouse using the telephone there or Rahim’s mobile
phone. Instead, he left the poor man on the floor to die. Even if he believed
Rahim was dead, he would surely have called for the police since there was a
weapon and live bullets to take care of. Instead, he took the dying man’s
money for his taxi fare home.

101 Further, if it was such a horrific accident, he would have told his wife
so immediately upon arriving home or soon thereafter. Instead, he behaved as
if nothing had happened and even had the presence of mind to keep the CCTV
videotapes in the storeroom and to get rid of the cup and the ashtray.

102 I had no doubt that the truth was in his statements and not in his oral
testimony in Court. There was no accident at all that fateful morning. He went
to see Rahim at a quiet guard post late at night with the clear intention of
taking possession of the revolver to solve his financial problems by robbing a
bank.

103 The shooting incident could only be explained in the way he had described
in his various voluntary statements to the investigating officer. He was not
going out to surrender himself that morning. He was headed for the bank to
commit robbery. He gave himself up only when he realised he had been found out
and was cornered. Fortunately, he retained the good sense not to have a shoot
out with the police. The statements were consistent and coherent and could not
have been made up.

104 The facts of this case did not even require the application of the
presumption in section 4 (2) Arms Offences Act. The facts showed clearly that
the accused fired the first two shots at Rahim with intent to cause physical
injury to him at the very least. The third shot was undoubtedly fired not only
to cause physical injury but death as well. As testified by the forensic
pathologist, each of the three shots was capable of causing death in the
ordinary course of nature. I had no doubt that the accused was guilty as
charged and convicted him accordingly. The mandatory death sentence was passed
on him.

Accused found guilty and convicted as charged.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Nov 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

