Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Justlogin Pte Ltd and Another v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd and
Another  
[2003] SGHC 262

Case Number | : | Suit 938/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Bernard Doray and Benjamin Goh (Arthur Loke Bernard Rada and Lee) for plaintiffs; V Coomaraswamy and Chua Sui Tong (Shook Lin and Bok) for plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  Justlogin Pte Ltd; Justlogin Holding Pte Ltd — Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd; Bank of Singapore Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Obligations of parties under contract – Whether
obliged to take reasonable steps or to use "best endeavours" to ensure
performance – Whether actions taken satisfy test of reasonable steps or "best
endeavours"  
  
Words and Phrases – "Best endeavours" – Test to be satisfied  
  

1\. The parties in this case sought to carry out a series of corporate
operations involving themselves and their associate companies. There were two
underlying motivations, one to acquire the cash assets of a company, and the
other, to dispose of an investment without showing a loss. The exercise ended
without reaching the first stage.

2\. The first plaintiff Justlogin Pte Ltd (“JLI”) is an applications service
provider offering office collaborative applications. Singapore Engineering
Software Pte Ltd holds approximately 22.9% of its shares and the first
defendant Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Ltd (“OCBC”) holds 16.6% of it.
The second plaintiff Justlogin Holding Pte Ltd (“JLI-H”) holds a majority
58.4% of the shares.

3\. OCBC is, as its name declares, a bank, and the second defendant Bank of
Singapore Ltd (“BOS”) is its wholly-owned subsidiary.

4\. OCBC made some investments in the computer industry. Besides the shares in
JLI it held through BOS 12.79% of an e-commerce enabler known as iPropertyNet
Pte Ltd (“iProp”). The investment was not a success. There was dissent amongst
the shareholders of iProp. The shareholders intended to make an initial public
offering and float the company, but that was not carried through because of
unfavourable stock market conditions. Some shareholders wanted to wind up the
company and recoup their investments as the company had about $5.6m in cash,
but OCBC were not in favour of that.

5\. JLI was a company on the move. It needed funds for its project, and was
attracted by iProp’s $5.6m cash holdings.

6\. The plaintiffs alleged that in order to thwart the move OCBC wanted to
acquire a further 44.44% of the shares of iProp in August 2001 so that its
shareholding would go up to 57.23%, and iProp would become a subsidiary of
OCBC. Before OCBC can acquire those shares it needed to obtain the approval of
the Monetary Authority of Singapore (“MAS”).

7\. The defendants did not intend to keep their interest in iProp in the long
term. Even before the completion of the purchase of the additional iProp
shares they entered into two deeds with the plaintiffs on 20 July 2001 which
main intention and effect were that

(i) JLI was to acquire from iProp its business and assets, and

(ii) JLI and JLI-H were to acquire from OCBC its iProp shares.

8\. For the purpose of this judgment, only the first deed needs to be referred
to. Clause 1 of the deed provides that

The parties hereby agree and undertake that conditional upon the completion of
the Event [OCBC’s acquisition of the additional 44.44% of iProp shares]:-

(a) _JLI shall enter into a formal sale and purchase of business and assets
agreement (including all other relevant ancillary documents thereunder) with
iProp in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the Schedule
hereof (the “iProp Assets Sale Agreement”) within 30 days from the completion
of the Event_ ; and

(b) JLI, BOS and OCBC shall enter into a formal sale and purchase agreement
(including all other relevant ancillary documents thereunder) for the iProp
Sale Shares in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the
Schedule hereof (the “iProp (JLI) S&P Agreement”) within 30 days from the
completion of the Event.

(Emphasis added)

9\. Clause 2 made clear that

This Deed sets out the understanding and intention of the respective parties
hereto with respect to the transactions and matters referred to herein.
Subject to the completion of the Event, _the parties shall cause (and where
applicable, procure other relevant parties named herein), in due course and
within the time frames specified herein, to inter alia enter into the
Agreements which will provide in detail the respective matters set out in this
Deed._ (Emphasis added)

Pending the execution of the Agreements:-

(a) the respective terms and conditions set out in this Deed shall be binding
on each of the respective parties hereto with respect to the transactions set
out herein; and

(b) no modifications to the nature of any of the transactions contained herein
and/or to the terms and conditions in relation to such transactions shall be
made without the written agreement of all parties named herein.

The parties acknowledge that they intend this Deed to be binding and legally
enforceable notwithstanding that there are certain matters in the Agreements
yet to be agreed.

The parties agree and acknowledge that in the event of a breach or threatened
breach or, an intention evinced by any party to breach, any provision of this
Deed, damages will not be an adequate remedy for the non-breaching party and
that the non-breaching party may seek all available remedies at law or in
equity.

The parties agree and acknowledge that they have entered into this Deed for
the purposes and with the intentions described in the Recitals, and
accordingly, any party shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief and/or
specific performance as against the other party.

10\. The schedule mentioned in clause 1, which is also referred to as the term
sheet by the parties sets out in some detail the terms for the sale of the
assets -

1\. Issue of New Shares by JLI to iPropertyNet Pte Ltd (“iProp”)

(a) JLI agree to issue 8,560,202 new preference shares (“Class A preference
shares”) of par value $0.10 each, at the issue price of $1.99 per Class A
preference share, in favour of iProp in consideration for the transfer of
business and assets from iProp to JLI valued at no less than $17 million. As
part of the iProp business and assets to be transferred, a minimum of $5.6
million will be in the form of cash held by iProp, assuming the transfer of
business and assets takes place by end August 2001.

(b) The new Class A preference shares shall, upon issuance, constitute 50%
less one (1) share of JLI’s enlarged issued share capital, on the fully-
diluted basis and assumption that SES (an existing shareholder of JLI) has
converted its entire convertible term loan of $99,246.90 into 992,469 ordinary
shares of par value $0.10 each in JLI. As at the date hereof, the amount of
such outstanding convertible loan is $35,000 which may be converted by SES
into 350,000 ordinary shares in JLI.

(c) Such Class A preference shares will have preferential rights in
distribution of assets and return of capital. In the event of liquidation of
or other return of capital by JLI, the holders of Class A preference shares
shall have priority in the return of capital up to the aggregate of:

> (i) $4,100,000 (assuming that a cash amount of $5,600,000 will be
> transferred by iProp to JLI as part of its assets, and this $4,100,000 shall
> be adjusted accordingly depending on the actual amount of cash so
> transferred) less any amount previously distributed; and
>
> (ii) any declared and unpaid dividends thereon
>
> over holders of ordinary shares with respect to any net proceeds from
> liquidation of JLI after payments to all the creditors of JLI, whether
> secured or unsecured.
>
> For the avoidance of doubt, the Class A preference shares shall rank pari
> passu with ordinary shares in respect of any dividend payable. The dividend
> payable in respect of Class A preference shares shall be equal to the
> dividend payable from time to time in respect of the ordinary shares.

(d) Voting rights: The Class A preference shares shall entitle all holders to
receive notice of, and to attend at all general meetings of JLI and shall
entitle the holders to vote at any matter in such general meeting.

Consent of the majority of the holders of Class A preference shares shall be
required for any acts by JLI that:-

> (i) alters, changes or removes the rights, preferences and privileges of the
> preference shares; or
>
> (ii) creates any new shares having preference over or being on parity with
> the preference shares; or
>
> (iii) increases the authorised number of the preference shares.

(e) Pre-emption and Co-sale rights: The holders of Class A preference shares
shall pari passu with the ordinary shareholders be entitled to all pre-emption
and co-sale rights accorded under the shareholders’ agreement dated 4 Dec 2000
(“Shareholders’ Agreement”).

(f) Conversion rights: Holders of Class A preference shares shall be entitled
from time to time to convert all or any part of the preference shares into
such number of ordinary shares at the conversion ratio of 1 Class A preference
share for 1 ordinary share (the “Conversion Ratio”).

Holders of Class A preference shares shall give 7 days’ written notice to JLI
that it elects to convert, provided that conversion shall be automatic in the
event of JLI obtaining approval in principle for a public listing on a
recognised stock exchange.

(g) Such share issue to be completed within 60 days from the signing of the
sale and purchase agreement in respect of the business and assets of iProp.

2\. Purchase of iProp shares from OCBC (and/or its related companies,
including BOS) by JLI

(a) JLI agree to purchase from OCBC (and/or its related companies, including
BOS) up to 2,341,063 iProp shares constituting 38% of iProp’s issued share
capital. The final number of such iProp shares to be acquired by JLI shall be
decided solely at the discretion of OCBC.

(b) Aggregate consideration payable by JLI for the 2,341,063 iProp shares is
$6,460,000, and this shall be satisfied by JLI by issuing to OCBC 3,252,877
new preference shares (“Class B preference shares”) of par value $0.10 each at
the issue price of $1.99 per Class B preference share, constituting
approximately 16% of JLI’s enlarged issued share capital, in consideration for
the purchase of the said iProp shares.

In the event that the final number of iProp shares to be acquired by JLI
amounts to less than 2,341,063, the total aggregate price shall be adjusted
proportionately.

(c) The Class B preference shares shall confer on its holders the same rights
as the holders of Class A preference shares save that holders of Class B
preference shares intending to transfer any of its Class B preference shares
shall not be required to: (i) procure the prospective buyer of its shares to
acquire a proportionate number of the Class A preference shares or ordinary
shares held by the other shareholders of JLI at the material time, or (ii)
offer the Class B preference shares to any other Class A preference
shareholder or ordinary shareholder. For the avoidance of doubt, the co-sale
and pre-emption rights accorded under the Shareholders’ Agreement shall not be
applicable in respect of any proposed transfer of Class B preference shares.

(d) It is contemplated that subsequent to the issuance of the Class B
preference shares to OCBC under clause 2(b) above, OCBC will seek buyers for
its Class B preference shares, and in this respect, other holders of ordinary
shares and Class A preference shares in JLI shall agree to waive all
applicable co-sale rights whether appearing under the Shareholders’ Agreement
or elsewhere.

3\. Management Structure

(a) OCBC shall be entitled to appoint a total of 2 directors on the board of
JLI in place of the 1 director stipulated in the agreement among Justlogin
Holding Pte Ltd, Kwa Kim Chiong, Mark Edward Tjong, Tan Surya Wahidin, Gong
HuaiYu, Bank of Singapore Limited, Singapore Engineering Software Pte Ltd and
JLI made on 4 December 2000 (the “JLI Shareholders’ Agreement”). The non-
executive Chairman of the board shall be appointed by the board.

(b) JLI shall be entitled to appoint a total of 1 director on the board of
iProp.

4\. Other matters.

(a) JLI shall within 6 months from completion of the iProp business and asset
acquisition position the SI unit for growth.

(b) The transactions described under clauses 1 and 2 shall be subject to:

> (i) OCBC successfully acquiring a further 44% of iProp’s voting shares to
> increase its aggregate shareholding percentage in iProp to approximately
> 57%;
>
> (ii) all necessary consents and waivers being obtained from the shareholders
> of JLI and iProp;
>
> (iii) satisfactory due diligence by JLI on iProp; and
>
> (iv) iProp, OCBC and BOS executing a deed of ratification and accession in
> relation to the JLI Shareholders’ Agreement.

(c) In particular, the matters to be carried out by OCBC as described under
clauses 2 and 4 shall be subject to the condition precedent that prior
approval from the MAS has been obtained by OCBC.

11\. Two other clauses of the deed relevant to the action are clauses 4 and 7.
The former stipulates that

4\. _Confidentiality_

Each party shall keep strictly confidential the negotiations relating to this
Deed, the existence of this Deed and its contents, and each party shall not
disclose the same to any other person without the prior written consent of the
other parties, other than to its holding company, its directors, employees and
advisers and the directors, employees and advisers of its holding company on a
strictly need to know basis, or when required under applicable laws or
regulations, (including the regulations prescribed by the Money Authority of
Singapore).

No press release or public announcement relating to any matter in this
document shall be issued or made by or on behalf of any party without prior
consultation with the other party hereto.

All communication between the parties, all information and other material
supplied to or received by any of them from the other which is either
designated confidential or by its nature intended to be confidential, and all
information concerning the business transactions or the financial arrangements
of the parties shall be kept confidential by the recipient unless or until it
is, or part of it is, in the public domain, whereupon to the extent that it is
part of the public domain, the obligation under this Clause shall cease.

Each party shall procure the observance of the provisions in this Clause by
its officers, employees and advisers.

The obligations contained in this Clause shall endure without limit in point
of time until the execution of the Agreements.

and the latter provides that

7\. _Time of Essence_

Any time, date or period mentioned in any provision of this Deed may be
extended by mutual agreement in writing between the parties hereto but as
regards any time, date or period originally fixed and not extended or any
time, date or period so extended as aforesaid, time shall be of the essence.

12\. Matters did not proceed beyond the deed. The next stage envisaged – the
execution of the assets sale agreement between JLI and iProp, did not take
place.

13\. The plaintiffs complained that the defendants did not fulfill their
obligations under the deeds. Ng Chee Yong, a Vice President of OCBC who had
dealt with the plaintiffs on behalf of the defendants up to 31 August 2001
when he left the bank, gave evidence on behalf of the plaintiffs. He deposed
that when the defendants proposed buying the 44.44% additional iProp shares,
the bank’s senior management was concerned that MAS may not approve the
acquisition unless there was a third party to buy over the shares from the
bank.[1] He recalled that when MAS approval was granted on 20 July 2001 with
no requirement for the bank to divest those shares, it came as a pleasant
surprise to Winston Koh Teow Hock, Senior Vice President, OCBC, the most
senior OCBC officer directly involved in the matter. Ng deposed that “Mr
Winston Koh made it known to me and some of the others … that in his view
there were other (better) ways of deploying iProp’s cash”[2] and was not
challenged on this part of his evidence. Koh denied that he was surprised by
the unconditional approval[3] but admitted that he was looking for other
investment opportunities for iProp.[4]

14\. It was not long that the first sign of trouble appeared. OCBC completed
the acquisition of the additional iProp shares on 29 August 2001. This was the
Event which marks the commencement of the 30 days for the assets sale
agreement to be concluded.

15\. The plaintiffs were not a party in that transaction, and would not have
first hand knowledge of it. They complained that they were not informed of it.
Kwa Kim Chiong, the plaintiffs’ director and the principal person engaged in
the transactions on behalf of the plaintiffs, deposed that he only came to
know about it from a newspaper article. He sent an email to Simon Seow Hung
Ming, a Vice President of OCBC he was dealing with that

I read from the paper that you have officially purchased additional 44% of
iProp shares on 30 Aug and now you own 57% of iProp.

Please confirm, as we need to complete our iProp S&P within 30 days (i.e. by
30 Sep), and the respective share swaps with JLI and JLI-H by the same date.

16\. Seow’s reply came two days later on 5 September

Yes, OCBC had completed its purchase of iProp shares on the day prior to the
announcement. As mentioned to you previously on several occasions, you should
be contacting iProp directly to purchase its business and assets. We
understand that you have now commenced discussions with Riady Hardjabrata, the
acting CEO of iProp.

Moving forward, regarding the action items, we have received only a summary of
your business plan, but not a detailed business plan as requested on several
occasions. We attach a copy of the summary which we have (containing Chee
Yong’s suggested changes).

We do not appear to have any other business plan-related document. From our
conversations with you, we understand that this is presently all that you
have. If you had sent us any other documents that we are unaware of, please
re-send to us asap. As you will appreciate by now, this detailed business plan
is critical to the entire process.

On another note, we would like to impress upon you the confidential nature of
the transactions. You will recall that both JLI and yourself individually
signed [non-disclosure agreements]. Additionally, the JLI and JLI-H deeds
contain confidentiality provisions too. However, you had firstly sent SES, by
mistake as we understand from you, the directors’ resolution to ratify the JLI
deed and enclosed with it a copy of the JLI-H termsheet (and even then, the
termsheet was not the signed version). Secondly, you copied the email below to
SES, making reference to the JLI-H transactions. And additionally, we
understand from Riady that you told him there is a signed agreement you have
with OCBC to purchase iProp’s business and assets.

These series of actions are disturbing and we are very concerned that you do
not appreciate the seriousness of the non-disclosure and confidentiality
undertaking that JLI, JLI-H and yourself personally had given. As spoken, we
urge you to exercise caution in your statements and dealings and ensure that
all statements and actions are made with these non-disclosure and
confidentiality undertakings in mind. We trust that by now, you will
appreciate the seriousness of the situation.

17\. Seow put the matter in a different light in his affidavit. He deposed
that “I had contacted Kwa by telephone to inform him of the purchase of the …
shares. Kwa subsequently confirmed this by email on 3 September 2001.”[5] He
misread Kwa, who was not confirming anything, but was seeking confirmation.
His assertion does not match his reply of 5 September which did not show any
puzzlement over Kwa bringing up something that he was informed of over the
telephone. And if indeed Kwa was informed of that, why was he excited over the
newspaper article? After looking at the correspondence and observing the two
witnesses, I found Kwa’s account clearly preferable to Seow’s.

18\. There was another sign of discord – Seow’s request in the last paragraph
of his email that Kwa should abide by the confidentiality undertaking and his
unhappiness over Kwa telling Riady Hardjabrata, the acting CEO of iProp
appointed by the defendants, of the agreement between the plaintiffs and the
defendants. He insisted that the plaintiffs not inform iProp of the deeds and
term sheet, and he took no action himself to inform iProp about them.

19\. Kwa was concerned by the defendants’ hands-off stance and the insistence
on keeping the deeds and term sheet confidential from iProp. He replied to
Seow that

OCBC/BOS and JustLogin have an agreement regarding the purchase of iProp
assets. I am now asked to deal with iProp who is not the party to the
agreement and are not aware of the terms we have agreed. Worse still, I have
to pretend that we do not have an agreement and start the discussions all over
again.

Riady was appointed by you, and I think it would make things a lot easier if
you can brief him more thoroughly and get him to do the necessary jobs
required to execute the agreement.

20\. He also referred to the request for the business plan

… I have submitted a 5-page plan to you and that was the basis leading to our
signed agreement. Also, Winston [Koh] has agreed to help improve the plan to
satisfy your internal management if required.

I agreed to work out more details for the business plan merely in response to
a shareholder’s request. You will agree with me that it has nothing to do with
the deal that we have signed. Nevertheless, if you required such information
to be provided to iProp, I am more than willing to co-operate as long as it is
legally proper. As we spoke and agreed this afternoon, my lawyer will draft a
note to your lawyer, so that I could offer information more freely to speed up
the process.

21\. Seow replied on 6 September that

We have repeatedly pointed out to you that you should not confuse the parties
in the transactions. In the transaction to purchase the business and assets
iProp, the agreement will be signed between JLI and iProp. It is therefore
obvious that JLI has to engage iProp directly for discussions and eventually
to sign the agreement. We don’t see any need to “pretend” on your part, but we
would repeat that the reason why there are [non-disclosure agreements] and
confidentiality requirements is because of the sensitive nature of the
transactions.

…

Regarding Riady’s knowledge, as agreed with you, we did inform him of the
nature of the proposed transaction with JLI. Your discussions with him should
have carried on on that basis.

You will appreciate that JLI and iProp as the parties to transaction will have
to drive the process. We are rather concerned that you do not appear to
appreciate the importance of your role in engaging iProp in discussions.

We trust that matters have now been clarified and that the process can now
move forward. We look forward to hearing from you on the detailed business
plan through iProp.

22\. Riady was not informed of the nature of the proposed transaction with
JLI. His evidence that towards the end of August 2001

5\. I was then asked by Mr Winston Koh … to review 5 investment opportunities
so as to establish a new direction for iProp since its existing business was
in the process of being discontinued.

6\. One of the five named companies was Sygate Technologies Inc (“Sygate _”).
I was asked by Mr Simon Seow … to focus my attention on Sygate because a
deadline had been set for the deal to be completed sometime in late September
2001_ (I cannot now remember the exact deadline). Eventually, iProp entered
into an agreement with Sygate whereby iProp invested US$735,000 and received
exclusive distribution rights for Sygate products in Southeast Asia.

7\. Another of the five named companies was JustLogin Pte Ltd (“JustLogin”).
Unlike the Sygate deal, _no special instructions were forthcoming from BOS as
regards JustLogin_.

…

10\. On 28th September 2001, I received a copy of a draft Sale & Purchase
(“S&P”) Agreement from Mr Kwa Kim Chiong. It was only then that I found out
that there was an agreement between BOS and JustLogin in relation to the
transfer of iProp’s business and assets to the latter. I remember calling Mr
Simon Seow after receipt of the draft agreement to ask him for
instructions.[6]

(Emphasis added)

was not disputed.

23\. Winston Koh apparently held a more relaxed view on confidentiality. To
him the deeds were confidential, not the term sheet. He said

We were concerned that the contents of the deed should not be made known.
Nothing stopped the discussion of the business plan with those terms [of the
term sheet]. We did not prevent him from disclosing those terms.[7]

24\. The fact was Kwa was only informed of Seow’s restrictive view and Riady
was only informed of the agreement on 28 September, the original deadline for
securing the assets sale agreement. If Koh had communicated with Kwa and Riady
directly better progress may have been made.

25\. Kwa submitted a business plan to iProp on 6 September, but Riady found it
wanting and requested for more information on the financial projections and
assumptions. When he did not receive the further information, he sent a
reminder of 13 September.

26\. On 17 September Kwa requested Seow to forward the detailed business plan
to Riady. Seow replied to on the following day that he had to deal directly
with Riady and that Riady would evaluate the business plan and place it before
iProp’s board of directors. Kwa sent the plan to Riady, but reiterated to Seow
that there was no requirement for it and that the plaintiffs were doing it to
assist the defendants. He also asked that the assets sale agreement be signed
by 25 September.

27\. There was no agreement signed on 25 September. Instead the plaintiffs
received letters from the defendants giving notice that any failure by JLI to
secure the assets sale agreement by 28 September would be regarded by them as
a breach of the deed.

28\. The plaintiffs replied by their solicitors Arthur Loke Bernard Rada & Lee
(“ALBR&L”) to the defendants’ solicitors Shook Lin & Bok (“SL&B”) on 28
September. They informed the defendants’ solicitors that the understanding
between the parties was that the defendants were to prepare the draft assets
sale agreement and to procure iProp’s performance of the term sheet. They
informed the defendants’ solicitors that the plaintiffs were nevertheless
prepared and delivered to iProp a draft assets sale agreement incorporating
the terms in the term sheet, and that the defendants were required to procure
the execution of the agreement.

29\. On 29 September the defendants on their own initiative granted JLI an
extension of 14 days to 13 October for the execution of the assets sale
agreement.

30\. On 1 October SL&B replied to ALBR&L that

Our clients can only be expected to procure iProp’s execution of the iProp
Assets Sale Agreement if and only if (a) all necessary terms and issues have
been agreed upon as between iProp and your clients, and (b) all requirements
under iProp’s constitutional documents and the Companies Act have been
complied with.

31\. Koh wrote to Riady on 2 October to inform him

We refer to the proposed transfer of business and assets between iProp and
JLI, and understand that JLI had provided you with a copy of the draft S&P
Agreement last week.

We have given JLI until 12pm 13 Oct 2001 to carry out the signing of the S&P
Agreement. As such, we would be grateful if iProp could expedite its
evaluation of JLI’s business plan and its review of the draft S&P Agreement,
and work towards meeting the said deadline. Should there be any corporate
governance procedures (whether under iProp’s articles of association or
applicable laws) which iProp is required to comply with, we would appreciate
if iProp could address these on an urgent basis.

Please also direct all your queries and comments on the business plan and the
draft S&P Agreement to JLI without undue delay.

We would be pleased to assist you in any way reasonably necessary to
facilitate and expedite the signing of the S&P Agreement.

32\. This letter revealed the breadth and depth of the defendants’ efforts
towards getting the assets sale agreement signed. There was no reference to
the deed, the term sheet or the promise to procure the assets sale agreement.
They believed, even after the first deadline of 28 September had passed, that
they need not do anything more active than inform iProp that “(w)e would be
pleased to assist you in any way reasonably necessary to facilitate and
expedite the signing of the S&P Agreement.”

33\. In the event the plaintiffs were not able to persuade iProp to accept the
terms in the term sheet.

34\. When no assets sale agreement was signed by 13 October, the defendants
informed the plaintiffs that they regarded that as a repudiating breach by JLI
of the deed, and they treated the deed as terminated.

35\. The negotiations continued beyond 13 October without a withdrawal of the
notice of termination. Given the disagreements that had arisen, it could not
have come to anyone’s surprise that those attempts failed, and iProp was
eventually wound up.

36\. Before me, the parties agreed that there are two issues to be determined
–

(a) the extent of the defendants’ obligations under the deed in relation to
the execution of the assets sale agreement, and

(b) whether the defendants were in breach of their obligations.[8]

No issue was taken whether the failure to secure the agreement was caused by
the alleged breach.

37\. The plaintiffs’ case is that “upon the completion of the Defendants’
acquisition of the additional iProp shares (with the result that iProp became
a subsidiary of OCBC), the Defendants have a contractual obligation to procure
iProp to enter into the iProp Assets Sale Agreement in accordance with Clause
1(a) of the JLI Deed”,[9] which counsel explained meant that they have to take
reasonable steps to obtain the agreement.[10]

38\. Counsel for the defendants submit that

In respect of the JLI Deed, the Defendants, as JLI contemplated, were under an
obligation only to _use their_ _best endeavours_ to facilitate the execution
of an iProp Assets Sale Agreement and that it was _JLI_ who failed to reach
final agreement with iProp on the terms of an iProp Assets Sale Agreement
within the time stipulated, time being the essence.[11]

39\. The parties agree that the defendants were not under an absolute
obligation to secure the assets sale agreement, and were only obliged to take
reasonable steps/use their best endeavours to get it executed. The question
then is whether the defendants had done that.

40\. The plaintiffs pointed to many instances where they claimed that the
defendants failed in their duty. They complained about the defendants’ request
for a further business plan, their refusal to prepare the draft assets sale
agreement and other perceived defaults, but I shall deal with the more basic
ones which related to the defendants’ non-disclosure of the Event, the
defendants’ insistence on non-disclosure of the deed and term sheet, and the
defendants’ level of involvement in the transactions.

42\. I have found that the defendants did not inform the plaintiffs of the
completion of purchase of the additional iProp shares. If they had been
earnest in keeping to their commitments under the deed, they would have
informed the plaintiffs that the Event had occurred and the 30-day countdown
had started since time was of the essence.

43\. Seow’s request to Kwa to exercise caution with regard to the
confidentiality undertakings in the deed when they negotiated with iProp
prevented the negotiations from starting with the plaintiffs informing iProp
of the terms they and the defendants had agreed to. If the defendants had
shared the plaintiffs’ anxiety in seeking the agreement, they would have
allowed disclosure, as they were entitled to do, subject to necessary and
appropriate conditions. This is more unfortunate because Koh would have
allowed the term sheet to be disclosed to iProp, but that was not communicated
to the plaintiffs.

44\. Seow explained that the defendants kept iProp in the dark about the term
sheet because

We felt it was unwise to do so due to the issues iProp had with the minority
shareholders. While we were very aware that the iProp board and CEO had to be
able to make their own evaluation and comments, we were also concerned that
the minorities had to see that there was no influencing and ambushing by the
majority shareholders. It was always the intention to win the support of the
minority shareholders, difficult though it appeared.[12]

45\. I do not understand why it was unwise to do that. One might think that
good corporate governance would commend that they as the majority shareholders
inform iProp of the deeds and the term sheet so that the management and the
minority shareholders of iProp would have all the facts before them when they
decide whether to support or oppose the sale.

46\. As a result of the defendants’ position, the plaintiffs were not able to
inform iProp of the deed and the term sheet. As I have found in paras 22, 31
and 32, the defendants themselves did nothing to acquaint iProp on the
agreements that they had reached with the plaintiffs on the sale of iProp’s
assets.

47\. The defendants contend that their obligations are restricted to using
their best endeavours to facilitate the execution of the assets sale
agreement. They disputed and denied the plaintiffs’ complaints, but they did
not identify what endeavours they made to discharge that duty. They should
have stated “The plaintiffs are wrong to say we did not do enough, because we
have used our best endeavours”, and enumerate the efforts they have made.
There was little or no involvement, encouragement or assistance from them to
help secure the agreement. They did not want to be involved except to refer
iProp to five investment prospects including JLI for its consideration. They
suggested that attention was to be focussed on the deal with Sygate because of
a deadline for the deal in late September, but made no reference to the 28
September deadline for the deal with the plaintiffs.

48\. Accepting and adopting the defendants’ construction that they had to use
their best endeavours, what does that involve? In _IBM United Kingdom Ltd v
Rockware Glass Ltd_ [1980] FSR 335 a dispute arose out of a contract for the
sale of land. The sale was conditional to planning permission being obtained.
The purchaser agreed “to use its best endeavours to obtain” it. The purchaser
made an application for approval, but when it was rejected it did not exercise
its right of appeal against that decision. The purchaser asserted that it had
used its best endeavours but this was not accepted by the Court of Appeal.
Geoffrey Lane LJ held at p 345

Those words, as I see it, oblige the purchaser to take all those reasonable
steps which a prudent and determined man, acting in his own interests and
anxious to obtain planning permission, would have taken.

49\. In _Sheffield Railway Co v Great District Railway Co_ (1911) 27 TLR 451,
the defendant company undertook “to use their best endeavours” to develop the
traffic system of the plaintiff company. The plaintiff alleged that the
defendant failed to discharge its duty because it continued to treat the
plaintiff company as a competitor. AT Lawrence J held at p 452

We think ‘best endeavours’ means what the words say; they do not mean second-
best endeavours. We quite agree with the argument … that they cannot be
construed to mean that the Great Central must give half or any specific
proportion of its trade to the Sheffield District. The do not mean that the
Great Central must so conduct its business as to offend its traders and drive
them to competing routes. They do not mean that the limits of reason must be
overstepped with regard to the cost of the service: but short of these
qualifications the words mean that the Great Central Company must, broadly
speaking, leave no stone unturned to develop traffic on the Sheffield District
line.

50\. I referred to these two cases in _Ong Khim Heng Daniel v Leonie Court Pte
Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR 445 and concluded that

A covenant to use best endeavours is not a warranty to produce the desired
results. It does not require the covenantor to drop everything and attend to
the matter at once; the promise is to use the best endeavours to obtain the
result within the agreed time. Nor does it require the covenantor to do
everything conceivable; the duty is discharged by doing everything reasonable
in good faith with a view to obtaining the required result within the time
allowed.

I do not think that the law as stated in these cases has changed.

51\. Against this backdrop, the irresistible conclusion is that the defendants
have failed to use their best endeavours to get iProp to execute the assets
sale agreement. They have therefore breached clause 2 of the deed. Judgment
will be entered against them, with costs, and damages to be assessed by the
Registrar.

  

* * *

[1]  Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Ng Chee Yong paras 22-3

[2] Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Ng Chee Yong paras 35-6

[3] Notes of Evidence page 108

[4] Notes of Evidence page 109

[5] Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Seow Hung Ming Simon para 96

[6] Affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Riady Hardjabrata

[7] Notes of Evidence page 115

[8] Plaintiffs’ Opening Statement para 21, Defendants’ Opening Statement para
2

[9]Plaintiffs’ Closing Submissions para 24

[10]Notes of Evidence page 69

[11]Defendants’ Opening Statement para 27

[12]Notes of Evidence page 157

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

