Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Seaway"  
[2003] SGHC 315

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 600162/2002, RA 600019/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 December 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Steven Chong SC and Loh Wai Yue (Rajah and Tann) for plaintiffs / appellants; S Mohan and Bernard Yee (Gurbani and Co) for defendants / respondents   
Parties | : | —  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Collision – Limitation action – Whether defendants'
liability for damage to plaintiff's wharf limited – Sections 136(1)(b), (d)
Merchant Shipping Act (Cap 179, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Construction of statute – Extrinsic aids – Whether
plain language rule of statutory interpretation inapt in the circumstances –
Whether necessary to refer to legislative history as aid to interpretation  
  

> > > > > > > > > _Judgment reserved_

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 The present appeal raises a point of statutory interpretation. Under section
136 of the Merchant Shipping Act (Cap. 179, Revised Edition 1996) (“MSA”), a
shipowner is entitled to limit its liability for specific areas of liability
unless the occurrence giving rise to the claim resulted from the actual fault
or privity of the shipowner. The preliminary issue in this appeal is not about
“actual fault or privity”of the shipowner, but is with the narrower issue of
whether the Plaintiffs’ claim falls within the ambit section 136(1)(d) of the
MSA as a claim for loss or damage to the Plaintiffs’ wharf no.8 or an
infringement of the Plaintiffs’ right. I gather from Counsel that if the
Defendants succeed on this preliminary issue, it may well do away with any
practical need for a liability action thereby saving time and costs.

2 The Plaintiffs are Shell Eastern Petroleum (Pte) Ltd. They are the owners of
the oil terminal at Pulau Bukom where there are berthing facilities for
vessels that use the oil terminal. On 6 May 2002, the Defendants’ dredger
_Seaway_ while being navigated by the Defendants’ servants collided with and
damaged one of the Plaintiffs’ wharves. In these proceedings, the Defendants
are sued as the registered owners of the _Seaway._ The Plaintiffs’ claim is
for damages for the negligent damage to the Plaintiffs’ wharf no. 8. Damages
to wharf no.8 have been particularised at $16.15 million.

3 The Defendants have denied liability in respect of the collision damage. In
the alternative, the Defendants have pleaded limitation of liability under
section 136 of the MSA as a defence to the Plaintiffs’ claim for damage to
wharf no.8 and consequential losses. According to the Defendants'
calculations, tonnage limitation is $607,927.68.

4 It is worthwhile setting out the relevant provisions of section 136:

“(1) The owner of a ship shall not, where all or any of the following
occurrences take place without his actual fault or privity:

….

(b) where any damage or loss is caused to any goods, merchandise or other
things whatsoever on board the ship;

…..

(d) where any loss or damage is caused to any property (other than any
property mentioned in paragraph (b)) or any right is infringed through the act
or omission of any person (whether on board the ship or not) in the navigation
or management of the ship, ….or through any other act or omission of any
person on board the ship,

be liable to damages beyond the following amounts . . .

(ii) in respect of such loss, damage or infringement as is mentioned in
paragraphs (b) and (d), ….an aggregate amount not exceeding in the currency of
Singapore the equivalent of 1,000 gold francs for each ton of the ship's
tonnage.”

5 It is not seriously disputed that the collision damage was due to (i) an act
of a person on board the _Seaway_ or (ii) act in the navigation or management
of the _Seaway_. In fact, the Plaintiffs’ case is that the collision was
caused solely by the negligence of the Defendants, their servants or agents in
the navigation and management of the _Seaway_. The primary issue is whether
the Defendants could limit their liability on the basis that the loss or
damage was caused to property other than any property mentioned in section
136(1)(b). Alternatively, the Defendants say they are entitled to rely on the
second limb of section 136(1)(d) as rights have been infringed through the act
or omission of any person in the navigation or management of the _Seaway_.
This alternative argument is raised for the first time on appeal.

6 Briefly, Mr. S. Mohan on behalf of the Defendants submits that the
Plaintiffs’ claim for damage to wharf no.8 and for consequential losses is an
occurrence that is subject to section 136(1)(d). Taking the provision at face
value, the word “property” in sub-paragraph (d) is clear and unambiguous and
given its ordinary and natural meaning, the Plaintiffs’ wharf would fall
within the meaning of “property.” Section 136(1)(d) refers to “any property
other than any property mentioned in paragraph (b)” and section 136(1)(b)
refers to “goods, merchandise or other things whatsoever on board the ship” of
the owner who is seeking to limit his liability. Apart from that, no other
distinction is drawn between the different types of property by the section.
It has been pointed out that paragraph (d) does not list “harbour works,
basins or navigable waterway” together with the words in parenthesis namely
“other than any property mentioned in paragraph (b)…”. The court must take the
provision as it finds it and hence the interpretation ascribed by Mr. Mohan
ought to be adopted.

7 Mr. Mohan referred me to _The Arcadia Spirit_ [1988] SLR 244 and _Caltex
Singapore Pte Ltd v BP Shipping Ltd_ [1996] 1 Lloyd’s Rep. 286. I do not see
how these two cases support Mr. Mohan’s contention that it is settled law and
practice for more than twenty years that damage done to a privately owned quay
or other shore installation by a ship in circumstances of a collision is
within the operation of the statutory provision on limitation of liability.

8 In both those cases, the court was not required to decide whether or not
damage to a shore installation was within the ambit of section 136(1)(d) that
is under discussion here. Ordinarily, a court which has construed a statutory
provision that appears to be identical to the provision the construction of
which is at issue in the present case, the decision of that court would be
considered as a persuasive authority. That proposition is inapplicable to this
case. There was no issue between the parties in _The Arcadia Spirit_ and
_Caltex Singapore Pte Ltd v BP Shipping_ __ that damage done to a privately
owned quay or other shore installation by a ship in circumstances of a
collision is within the operation of the statutory provision on limitation of
liability. The issue in _The Arcadia Spirit_ was about the power of the court,
if any, to order release of a vessel from arrest against the provision of a P&
I Club letter of guarantee. It was not a limitation of liability situation
although in that case damage was done by the ship _Arcadia Spirit_ to the
plaintiff’s oil loading berth at Pulau Ayer Chawan Refinery. In _Caltex
Singapore Pte Ltd v BP Shipping Ltd_ , it was assumed that Singapore limits
applied for the purpose of the stay application on grounds of forum non
conveniens. In that case, the vessel “ _British Skill_ ” collided with
Caltex’s jetty causing considerable damage.

9 Counsel for the Plaintiffs, Mr. Steven Chong S.C., agrees that as a matter
of language jetty and wharf may be variously described as “harbour works”
which in turn is a species of property. Equally, “harbour works” as a matter
of language would fall within the generic meaning of “property”. However, he
contends that as a matter of statutory interpretation, the Plaintiffs’ claim
for damage to their wharf is outside the ambit of section 136(1)(d). Damage to
the Plaintiffs’ wharf is no longer an occurrence for which the Defendants are
entitled to claim limits of liability in the absence of faulty or privity.
This is because of a 1981 amendment to section 295(4) of the Merchant Shipping
Act (Cap.172) which had the effect of removing “harbour works’ from the
meaning of “property” in section 295(1)(d).

10 Prior to 1981, shipowners were entitled to limit their liability for damage
to harbour works under section 295(4). By the Merchant Shipping (Amendment)
Act 1981, section 295(4) was deleted in its entirety. The amendment was to
give effect to the reservation made by Singapore in 1977 to exclude the
application of Article 1(1)(c) of the International Convention Relating to the
Limitation of Liability of Owners of Sea-Going Ships, 1957 (“1957
Convention”). It is common ground that the UK acceded to the Convention on
behalf of Singapore on 17 April 1963 and it attained binding force on 31 May
1968. However, prior to that, section 340 of the Merchant Shipping Ordinance
(“MSO”) was amended by the Merchant Shipping (Amendment No.2) Ordinance 1959
to give effect to Article 1 (1) of the 1957 Convention. In 1970, the MSO was
renamed the Merchant Shipping Act (Cap. 172) and section 340 became section
295(4) of the new Act.

11 Since the text of both provisions was identical, I need only set out below
the text of subsections 295(4) and (8). For the text of paragraphs (b) and (d)
of subsection (1), they are the same as section 136(1) of the MSA which I have
reproduced earlier.

“ (4) For the purposes of subsection (1) of this section, where any obligation
or liability arises –

> (a) in connection with the raising, removal or destruction of any ship which
> is sunk, stranded or abandoned or of anything on board such a ship; or
>
> (b) in respect of any damage (however caused) to harbour works, basins or
> navigable waterways,

the occurrence giving rise to the obligation or liability shall be treated as
one of the occurrences mentioned in paragraphs (b) and (d) of that subsection,
and the obligation or liability as a liability to damages.

….

(8) The Minister may by order to be published in the _Gazette_ make provision
for the setting up and management of a fund, to be used for the making to the
harbour or conservancy authority of payments needed to compensate it for the
reduction in accordance with paragraph (a) of subsection (4) of this section,
of amounts recoverable by it in respect of the obligations and liabilities
mentioned in that paragraph and to be maintained by contributions from the
harbour or conservancy authority raised and collected by it in respect of
vessels in like manner as other sums so raised by it; any such order may
contain such incidental and supplementary provisions as appear to the Minister
to be necessary or expedient.”

12 It is undeniable that one ought to be able to rely upon what one reads in
an Act of Parliament as the source of the intentions of Parliament without
being required to search through all that had happened before and in the
course of the legislative process in order to see whether there was anything
to be found from which it could be inferred the meaning of the words used.
This stems from the need for legal certainty which is one of the fundamental
elements of the rule of law. See generally the speech of Lord Nicholls of
Birkenhead in _R v Environment Secretary, Ex p Spath Holme Ltd_ [2001] 2 WLR
15 at 38. It is thus tempting to approach the preliminary issue in the way
advanced by Mr. Mohan if section 136(1)(d) of the MSA has an obvious meaning
which can easily be determined by looking solely at the language in question
in its context within the statute. After all as a matter of general principle,
it is an appropriate starting point to statutory interpretation that the
language is to be taken to bear its ordinary meaning in the general context of
the statute.

13 Concise and attractive as his argument appears to be at first sight, in
this particular case I cannot accept it. When interpreting statutory language,
courts have to strike a balance in respect of what Lord Nicholls has
identified as the tension between the need for legal certainty and the need to
give effect to the purpose of the legislation. To confine the court to looking
solely at the language in question in its context within the statute could be
too restrictive. While the text of the statute is of pre-eminent importance,
it cannot be understood in a vacuum. Lord Nicholls in _R v Environment
Secretary, Ex p Spath Holme Ltd_ at p 38 said: “No legislation is enacted in a
vacuum. Regard may also be had to extraneous material, such as the setting in
which the legislation was enacted.” The same point was made very much earlier
by Lord Blackburn in _River Wear Commissioners v Adamson_ [1877] 2AC 743 at
763. He stated:

"I shall…state as precisely as I can what I understand from the decided cases
to be the principles on which the Courts of Law act in construing instruments
in writing; and a statute is an instrument of writing. In all cases the object
is to see what is the intention expressed by the words used. But, from the
imperfection of language, it is impossible to know what that intention is
without inquiring farther, and seeing what the circumstances were with
reference to which the words were used, and what was the object, appearing
from those circumstances, which the person using them had in view; for the
meaning of words varies according to the circumstances with respect to which
they were used."

14 As the interpretative process requires judges to make informed choices,
external aids such as the background to the statute and its legislative
history may be employed. An earlier provision or predecessor statute may be
considered even if the provision to be interpreted is not ambiguous. See _R v
Environment Secretary Ex parte Spath Holme Ltd_ at p 28. Similarly, it is not
necessary that there should be any ambiguity or inconsistency before a
purposive approach is adopted. See _Planmarine AG v Maritime and Port of
Authority of Singapore_ [1999] 2 SLR 1; _Yusen Air & Sea Services (S) Pte Ltd
v Changi International Airport Services (S) Pte Ltd_ [1999] 4 SLR 135. In
adopting a purposive approach to the interpretation of a statute, courts seek
to identify and give effect to the purpose of the legislation. The use of non-
statutory materials as an aid to interpretation is not new. It is recognised
and given statutory recognition in section 9A of the Interpretation Act
(Cap.1). As illustration, Explanatory Statement relating to the Bill, which
led to or preceded legislation may be considered as an aid to interpretation
for it is part of the setting of a statute. It helps to explain the background
of the statute.

15 In this particular case, it is necessary to refer to the legislative
history as an aid in construction. The background to the legislation on
limitation of liability is important as the dispute concerns an international
convention i.e. 1957 Convention and the Singapore Government’s reservation of
the right to exclude paragraph 1(c) of Article 1 of the 1957 Convention from
its national law. The Protocol of Signature of the Convention permits any
State at the time of signing, ratifying or acceding to the Convention to make
certain reservations. They include the right to exclude paragraph 1(c) of
Article 1.

16 The Singapore Government in a note dated 6 September 1977 to the Belgian
Government as the depository of instruments of ratification and accession
confirmed that it considers itself bound by the 1957 Convention with effect
from 31 May 1968. At the same time, it made two reservations: (i) the right to
exclude the application of paragraph 1(c) and (ii) to regulate specific
provisions of national law the system of limitation of liability to be applied
to ships of less than 300 tons. See _The Ratification of Maritime Conventions_
(LLP 1990 ed) pages 1.2-79 and 1.2-84. This appeal concerns the first
reservation.

17 The reservation made in 1977 was given effect in 1981 when Parliament
passed the Merchant Shipping Amendment Act. In these circumstances, the plain
language rule is inapt when the language of the statute applied literally to
the dispute before me would result in an outcome seemingly at odds with the
legislature's purpose for enacting the 1981 amendment to the statute in the
first place. Thus, to read the word “property” in its plain and ordinary
language as argued for would be to read it in vacuum. To say that the 1981
amendment achieved nothing is unsound. As Yong CJ said in _Comfort Management
Pte Ltd v PP_ [2003] 2 SLR 67, where the literal reading would not promote the
statutory purpose, then some other secondary reading which promotes the
statutory purpose should be chosen. In the same vein the point was put another
way by Lord Simon in _Nokes v Doncaster Amalgamated Collieries Ltd_ [1940] AC
1014 at p 1022: "If the choice is between two interpretations the narrower of
which would fail to achieve the manifest purpose of the legislation, we should
avoid a construction which would reduce the legislation to futility and should
rather accept the bolder construction based on the view that Parliament would
legislate only for the purpose of bringing about an effective result."

18 I am therefore unable to agree with the Assistant Registrar Tai Wei Shyong
that the 1981 amendment achieved nothing in that shipowners continued to enjoy
the right of limitation in respect of damage to all harbour works including
“publicly owned” harbour works until 1986 when section 26 of Port of Singapore
Authority Act (“PSA Act”) was amended.

19 For a long time, the right of a shipowner to limit liability for wreck
removal expenses and damage to harbour works remained in our statute. It is
appropriate at this juncture to look at the legal position before 1981 to see
what it encompassed and the effect the 1981 amendment had on that position.

20 The Defendants’ view is that the amendment did not change the position
where damage is done to privately owned jetty or other shore installations.
Section 295(4) only refers to the claims of port authority like the Port of
Singapore Authority (“PSA”) and now the Maritime and Port of Singapore
Authority (“MPA”). In other words, it applies only to publicly owned or
operated harbour works. Mr. Mohan relies on what he termed contextual evidence
in support of his view. The contextual evidence he refers to is firstly, the
deeming provision in section 295(4) and secondly, section 295(8).

21 Section 295(4) (similarly section 340(4) of MSO) deemed a claim for wreck
removal expenses or damage to harbour works as an occurrence mentioned in
paragraph (b) and (d) of subsection (1) and it also deemed such obligation or
liability as a liability to damages. A claim by the port authority namely PSA
for damage to its harbour works is a claim for a statutory debt. The claim
would have to be deemed as damages if it is to fit into the limitation regime
under the Merchant Shipping Ordinance or Merchant Shipping Act. For this
reason, the Defendants submit that section 295(4) (also 340(4) of the MSO)
applied only to damage to harbour works owned by PSA and now the MPA. If it
were otherwise, there would be no need to deem claims for damage to “harbour
works” as claims for damages. The other deeming provision was not to deem
“harbour works” as “property”. The deeming provision was to qualify the nature
of the liability rather than the nature of the “property”.

22 Mr. Chong’s point is that damage to “harbour works” and damage to
“property” were governed by a separate and mutually exclusive provision under
Article 1 of the 1957 Convention. It follows from the fact of the deeming
provision that “harbour works” was not within the meaning of “property” in the
first place; otherwise the deeming provision would not have been necessary.
The effect of subsection (4) was to deem “harbour works” as “property” within
paragraph (d) of subsection (1). With the amendment in 1981, “harbour works”
was removed from the meaning of “property” in paragraph (d) of subsection (1).
The Defendants’ position presupposes that “private harbour works” is already
covered by section 295(1)(d) and Article 1(1)(b) whilst harbour works owned by
port authorities are governed by section 295(4) and Article 1(1)(c). Neither
the language of the 1957 Convention, the Merchant Shipping Ordinance or
Merchant Shipping Act support this contention.

23 Mr. Chong disagrees with the Defendants’ submission which he says is
misconceived because when section 340(4) of MSO was enacted, a claim for
damage to harbour works even by the port authority in Singapore was not a
claim for a statutory debt. If section 295(4) prior to its deletion was indeed
for a limited purpose, the only way the Defendants could support such a
limited purpose is to demonstrate that claims by PSA for damage to harbour
works was statutory debt in 1959. There was no such obligation then. That was
achieved in 1986 with the amendment of section 26 of Port of Singapore
Authority Act. On the Defendants’ own case that there was no strict liability
for damage to harbour works in 1959. Mr. Chong submits that the provision
deeming the obligation or liability as liability to damages was to cater for
the strict liability regime then existing in the UK. It is irrelevant that
there was no strict liability regime in Singapore until 1971 or at the latest
1986.

24 It is common ground that the 1957 Convention was adopted in the United
Kingdom by the Merchant Shipping (Liability of Shipowners and Others) Act
1958, by means of amendments to the 1894 Merchant Shipping Act. I would point
out that Article 1 of the 1957 Convention did not adopt the phrase “liable to
damages” from section 503 of the 1894 Merchant Shipping Act. Article 1(1) of
the 1957 Convention relevantly provided:

“(1) The owner of a sea-going ship may limit his liability in accordance with
Article 3 of this Convention in respect of claims arising from any of the
following occurrences, unless the occurrence giving rise to the claim resulted
from the actual fault or privity of the owner ...” .

25 What then followed are the occasions causing loss of life, personal injury,
damage to property and then wreck removal and damage to harbour works. There
was introduced in the 1957 Convention, a special class of claims in Article
1(1)(c) distinct from the property claims which are in two groups namely those
on board the ship and those that were not on board the ship. Thomas J in _The
Tiruna_ [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep. 536 at 545 was of the view that the scheme of
Article 1 was that the three sub-paragraphs were to be read exclusive of each
other. The appellate court agreed with Thomas J. Kelly J and McPherson J
agreed that Article 1(1)(c) covers the category of cases which do not come
within sub-paragraph (b). The two sub-paragraphs should be regarded as being
mutually exclusive and not overlapping.

26 As I see it, the deeming provisions were needed as the Merchant Shipping
(Liability of Shipowners and Others) Act 1958 [our s340 of the MSO] retained
the phrase “liable to damages”. Article 1(1)(c) is unqualified by the
requirement that damage must be due to the act, neglect or default of the
master, pilot etc. Otherwise, the sub-paragraphs are mutually exclusive. Each
sub-paragraph is to have its own meaning and coverage.

27 For the purpose of limitation in subsection (1), what the draftsman did was
to provide for the matters stated in section 340(4)(a) and (b) as coming
within the provisions of section 340(1)(b) and (d). The word “and” is to be
read disjunctively. Where there is damage to harbour works which could be
“however caused”, for the purpose of limitation under subsection (1), it is
treated as “the act or omission of any person (whether on board the ship or
not) in the navigation or management of the ship…. or through any other act or
omission of any person on board the ship”. In my view, damage to harbour works
still exists nonetheless as a separate class of property outside of paragraph
(d).

28 Mr. Mohan says the phrase “however caused” was intended to refer to strict
liability obligation and is referable to a claim by port authority. Hence the
section only applies to a publicly owned wharf. He further submitted that it
was necessary to have regard to the state of the law in England at the time
the 1957 Convention was signed. Under section 74 of the Harbour, Docks and
Piers Clauses Act 1847, which provided that if a vessel damaged a dock, pier
or any work connected therewith, the owner of the vessel was liable to make
good the damage. The liability was absolute and no negligence is needed. See
_The Mostyn_ [1928] AC 57. In _The Stonedale_ [1956] AC 1, it was held that
public authorities claims for removal of wrecks was recoverable as debts, and
not damages. It was therefore outside the limitation regime which is founded
on a claim that sounds in damages. It was to deal with the decision of _The
Stonedale_ and with the no-fault concept in _The Mostyn_ that the provision
that deemed the obligation or liability as a liability to damages was enacted.

29 I agree with Mr. Chong that the words “however caused” is much wider and
the expression would cover claims in negligence as well as those caused
without negligence. The scope of section 340(4) was wider in terms and scope
than the law in England at the time the 1957 Convention was signed. It altered
previous English decisions where the right to limit did not appear to extend
to liabilities in the nature of statutory debts not based on actionable fault.
In my judgment, regardless of ownership of the harbour works, damage to
harbour works however caused is within the ambit of the subsection.

30 In my view, it is clear from section 295(4), that there are no words
expressly referring to a port authority in the two sub-paragraphs (a) and (b).
In addition, there are no words which expressly or by implication would
suggest that there was any exception to the operation of the sub-section in
that it applies solely to a port authority. The same observations apply to the
language of Article 1(1). It would be illogical or unreasonable to read claims
in respect of damage to a publicly owned shore installations as coming under
section 295(4) and claims in respect of damage to privately owned shore
installations as coming under section 295(1)(d). There is no rationale
distinction for such a dichotomy. Claims for damage to shore installation
regardless of ownership must come under section 295(4). If Article 1(1)(c) is
excluded through the mechanism of the reservation of a State and the
reservation is to be given effect, it would be wrong to include “harbour
works” in the definition of “property” in Article 1(1)(b). To do so would be
to defeat the objective of a reservation. See McPherson J in _The Tiruna_ at p
688.

31 In my judgment, prior to 1981 a shipowner is entitled under section 295(4)
of the Merchant Shipping Act to limit his liability imposed on him by statute
or common law for wreck raising expenses as well as his liability for damage
of various specified kinds. It is important to note that section 295(4) does
not create any liability for damages. It contemplates that persons (be it port
authority or owners of privately owned shore installations) would first have
claims justifiable at law, whether based upon the general law or upon
statutory provision.

32 Mr. Mohan also contends that “harbour works, basins and navigable works”
and the raising of wrecks are all activities associated with the port
authority. The phrase “harbour works” should be read in context with the words
following it. Whilst he concedes that the term “harbour works” and “basins”
could be referable to those privately owned, nonetheless at the time section
340 of the MSO was enacted, there were no shipyards in Singapore with their
own basins to speak of. He argues that the court has to look at the statute
with “1959 eyes”. I am not persuaded by his contention that the statutory
provision has to be looked at with “1959 eyes”. Except where a statute reveals
a contrary intention, every statute must be interpreted as an "always speaking
statute". The rationale of this principle is that a statute is usually
intended to endure for a long time in a changing world. This principle
embodies the proposition that courts must interpret and apply a statute of any
vintage not only to the world as it exists today but also in the light of the
legal system as it exists today. That is the basis of the decision of the
House of Lords in _R v Ireland_ [1998] AC 147 at 158 where 'bodily harm" in a
Victorian statute governing assaults was held to cover psychiatric injury.

33 Another illustration is the case of _Keane & Anor v The Commissioner of
Irish Lights_ [1997] 1 IR 184 cited in _Universal Studios Incorporated v
Mulligan (no 1)_ [1999] 3 IR 381. In _Universal Studios Incorporated,_ video
technology we know today was not in the contemplation by the draftsman of
either the UK 1956 legislation when defining the expression "cinematograph
film". How then does one approach the construction of the definition. The
Judge referred to _Keane & Anor v The Commissioner of Irish Lights_ in which
the issue was whether a Loran-C mast came within the definition of "beacon" in
the Merchant Shipping Act, 1894. In his judgment, with which Blayney J and
Barrington J agreed, Hamilton CJ approved the following passage from the
judgment of Murphy J:

"I have no difficulty in accepting the desirability and in general, the
necessity for giving to legislation an "up-dating construction". Where
terminology used in legislation is wide enough to capture subsequent
invention, there is no reason to exclude it from the ambit of the legislation.
But a distinction must be made between giving an up-dated construction to the
general scheme of legislation and altering the meaning of particular words
used therein."

34 On the topic of an "updating" versus a narrow interpretation of an Act,
Barrington J in his judgment stated: "Had the 1894 Act simply entrusted to the
Commissioners of Irish Lights the management of aids to navigation, I would be
happy to conclude that the Loran-C system of navigation was an aid to
navigation within the meaning of the 1894 Act even though the system had not
been invented when the 1894 Act was passed. But the trouble is that the
draftsman of 1894 Act appears to have used terms which tie the Act to the
technology of the times."

35 In the present case, the draftsman did not tie the Act to “harbour works”
and “basins” in existence at the time of the MSO or to those owned only by a
port authority. The same language was used for a long time until 1981 when
section 295(4) was deleted by the Merchant Shipping Amendment Act. The same
wording was retained through the passage of each renumbering. From section 340
of the Merchant Shipping Ordinance, it was renumbered section 295 of the
Merchant Shipping Act and then renumbered again as section 272 before its
current form in section 136.

36 Mr. Chong drew my attention to Lord Diplock’s reminder in _Fothergill v
Monarch Airlines_ [1981] AC 251 at p 282. In construing the language of an
international convention, it should be interpreted unrestrained by technical
rules of English law, or English legal precedent, but on broad principles of
general acceptability. It is meant to be understood in the same sense by the
courts of all those states which ratify or accede to the Convention. It is
addressed to a much wider and more varied judicial audience than is an Act of
Parliament. It follows that “harbour works”, “basins” and “navigable waters”
should not be interpreted to cover only “harbour works” and “basins” owned by
the port authority or operated by the latter. I agree with Mr. Chong that no
distinction has been made in Article 1(1)(c) and section 295(4) between
private and public harbour works. Article 1(1)(c) covers all harbour works.

37 In my judgment, it would defeat the manifest intention of Parliament to
read section 136(1)(d) in isolation or in vacuum without regard to the
amendments to section 295 in 1981. The literal interpretation argued for by
Mr. Mohan would not accomplish the purpose of the legislature. After the 1981
amendment, the policy behind the legislation is still the same: to limit the
right of an injured party to recover the compensation to which he would
otherwise be entitled. The burden is on the wrongdoer (shipowner) to bring
himself within its terms as amended.

38 The other contextual evidence Mr. Mohan relies on in support of his
contention is section 295(8). I accept Mr. Chong’s submission that just
because section 340(8) or section 295(8) dealt with claims by the port
authority for unrecovered wreck removal expenses does not automatically mean
that section 340(4) dealt exclusively with claims by port authority. Further,
section 340(8) does not deal with claims for unrecovered expenses arising from
damage to harbour works. I ought to mention that Mr. Mohan’s argument does not
take into account the fact that section 2(2)(a) of the 1958 Act [our section
340(4)(a)] was never brought into force in the United Kingdom. Section 2(5)
provided that section 2(2)(a) would not come into force in the United Kingdom
until such day as the Secretary of State might appoint by statutory
instrument. Counsel did not address me on whether or not a fund was set up in
Singapore, thereby diluting whatever force his argument might have had.

39 Mr. Mohan said that the Minister’s speech in 1981 introducing the amendment
to section 295, reinforces his point that section 295(4) relates to harbour
works owned by the port authority. The Minister was there referring to PSA’s
property and not private owned shore installation.

40 The late Mr. Ong Teng Cheong who was the then Minister of Communications
and Minister of Labour in introducing the bill to amend the Merchant Shipping
Act on 6 March 1981 explained:

“ The amendment to the section on Limitation of Liability is to make
shipowners wholly liable for the cost of wreck-removal and of repairs to
facilities at the Port of Singapore Authority whenever there is an accident in
its waters. Without the amendment, shipowners can limit their liability to
such damages if they can prove that the accident occurred without their fault
or privity, as provided for in the International Convention Relating to the
Limitation of Liability of Owners of Sea-Going Ships, 1957. When we acceded to
the Convention, we made the reservation that a shipowner should not be
entitled to limit his liability in this way. But this reservation is not
reflected in the existing legislation and the amendment is, therefore,
necessary.”

41 It is not disputed that the Minister’s speech made reference to PSA. He did
not refer to facilities owned by PSA. According to Mr. Chong, reference to
“facilities _at_ the [PSA]”, connotes geographical location i.e. all harbour
works geographically located within the port limits of Singapore regardless of
ownership. This included the Plaintiffs’ wharf at Pulau Bukom which is within
the waters administered by PSA and now the MPA. Section 9 of the PSA Act sets
out the wide duties of the PSA and the duties extend to all facilities in the
port and are not confined to facilities owned by PSA. The Schedule to PSA Act
provides that the authority of the PSA extends to all piers jetties and
wharves in Singapore.

42 The Explanatory Statement to the Merchant Shipping (Amendment) Bill (Bill
no. 2 of 1981) states that the Bill seeks to amend the Merchant Shipping Act
(Cap. 172) for purpose of “deleting subsections (4) and (8) of section 295 of
the Act, being provisions which allow shipowners to limit their liability
arising from or in connection with the raising, removal or destruction of any
ship which is sunk, stranded or abandoned, and any obligation or liability
arising out of damage caused to harbour works, basins and navigable
waterways.”

43 The Explanatory Statement made no distinction between damage to publicly
owned or privately owned harbour works. It did not mention the PSA by name or
implication. The Minister’s statement should be read in the light of the
Explanatory Statement. In my view, the Minister’s reference to damage to
facilities at PSA was merely illustrative in nature and not intended to be
exhaustive in nature and scope. There is nothing to suggest that partial
reservation was intended.

44 In any case, preference is given to the Explanatory Statement in the event
of any inconsistencies. After all, the “intention of Parliament” is an
objective concept, not subjective. Lord Nicholls in _R v Environment
Secretary, Ex p Spath Holme Ltd_ at p 37 said: “The phrase [intention of
Parliament] is a shorthand reference to the intention which the court
reasonably imputes to Parliament in respect of the language used. It is not
the subjective intention of the minister or other persons who promoted the
legislation. Nor is it the subjective intention of the draftsman..”.

45 Whilst it is the port authority who has an interest in the reservation to
Article 1(1)(c), the fact of the matter is that the whole of section 295(4)
was deleted. I have already decided that the subsection was wide enough to
also cover the interests of privately owned shore installations. Parliament
deleted the whole of section 295(4). It did not change the language to section
295(4) to merely exclude the claims of port authority from limitation of
liability.

46 I now turn to the alternative position canvassed by Mr. Mohan. He seeks to
rely on the alternative limb in section 136(1)(d) namely “any right is
infringed through the act or omission of any person…”. The right is that of
the Plaintiffs not to have their property damaged. If that right is infringed
e.g. when a ship contacts their wharf/jetty, thereby damaging it, the
Plaintiffs have a common law right to claim damages, and the corollary is that
under section 136(1)(d), a shipowner can limit his liability when that right
is infringed.

47 Mr. Chong’s response is that the Defendants had not sought to limit
liability on the ground that the Plaintiffs’ rights have been infringed. It
was never their pleaded case in the Defence filed thus far. In addition, _The
Arabert_ [1963] P 102 which is relied upon by the Defendants was a case
decided not under section 2 of the Merchant Shipping (Liability of Shipowners)
Act 1958 which was enacted after the UK signed the 1957 Convention. Similarly,
at the time _The Putbus_ [1969] P 136 was decided, section 2 of the 1958 Act
although enacted was not yet in force.

48 The rules on pleadings have no bearing and are extraneous to the
preliminary issue. So the pleading point is of no consequence and does not
assist the Plaintiffs. If in respect of the same loss, the Defendants are able
to bring themselves within the ambit of another limb in section 136(1)(d),
they ought to be allowed to do so. In _The Maritime Prudence_ [1996] 1 SLR
168, Selvam J held that “infringement of any right” in section 136(1)(d) must
be caused by the ship of the owner who is seeking to limit his liability. That
ship must be the instrument causing the infringement of any rights. The fault
of those whether on board or outside the ship must be linked to or connected
with the ship or some part of the ship as a physical entity. The Defendants
have no problem satisfying this requirement. The right that is infringed is
the Plaintiffs’ proprietary right as legal owner at the time of the loss or
damage occurred and it is that proprietary right that has been adversely
affected by the negligence of those on board the _Seaway_ which resulted in
loss or damage. Prior to the collision, the _Seaway_ was navigating through
the Sinki Fairway en route from Western Jurong Anchorage to the Ramunia
Shoals. It is evident that the _Seaway_ owes a duty of care to the owners of
other ships using the Sinki Fairway to avoid damage to such ships, and a like
duty to owners of property bordering on or adjacent the route taken to avoid
damage to such property. The Plaintiffs have stated what their title was and
what their loss was. Where negligence exists, the liability would be one
arising from the fact that “..rights are infringed through the act or omission
of any person (whether in board the ship or not) in the navigation or
management of the ship or of a person on board”.

49 For these reasons, the Defendants are entitled to claim limitation of
liability where “rights are infringed through the act or omission of any
person (whether on board the ship or not) in the navigation or management of
the ship or of a person on board”. Consequently this appeal is dismissed.
However, broadly speaking, the Defendants lost on the primary question brought
on appeal by the Plaintiffs and which dominated the entire appeal. The
alternative issue they succeeded on was introduced as a subsidiary point. In
the circumstances, it is appropriate to depart from the usual order that costs
follow the event. I accordingly award the Plaintiffs’ costs of the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Dec 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

