Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Goh Han Heng v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 226

Case Number | : | MA 73/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S Radakrishnan and Adelia Maler James (Arthur Loke Bernard Rada & Lee) for appellant; James E Lee (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Goh Han Heng — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Finding of fact by trial judge –
Challenge to reliability and veracity of witnesses' testimony – Approach to be
adopted by appellate court  
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Onus of proof – Defence alleging that
complainant had motive to falsely implicate accused – When burden of proof to
show lack of such motive shifts to Prosecution  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Corroboration – Post-incident distress – Approach to be
adopted by courts – Exceptions to general approach  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Corroboration – Sexual offence – Approach to be adopted
by the courts – Examination of substance and relevance of evidence – Whether
necessary for judge to expressly warn himself of danger of convicting on
uncorroborated evidence of complainant  
  

1 The appellant was convicted of one charge under s 354 of the Penal Code (Cap
224) and was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of four months. He appealed
against his conviction only. I dismissed his appeal against conviction and I
now give my reasons.

**Background**

2 The appellant was a 41 year-old man who claimed trial to the following
charge:

That you, on the 6th day of August 2002 at or about 7.25 pm, inside basement 1
male toilet of Ngee Ann City, Singapore, did use criminal force on one Ashley
Sham Bin Haroon, male 22 years old, intending or knowing it to be likely to
outrage his modesty, to wit, by squeezing his genital and you have therefore
committed an offence punishable under section 354 of the Penal Code, Chapter
224.

3 His defence at the trial below was a complete denial that the entire
incident had occurred, save that they were both in the toilet at the same
time. Hence, the issue that arose for consideration at the trial below and at
this appeal was whether the actus reus of the offence had occurred as the
existence of the mens rea was not in dispute if the incident had occurred.

_Testimony of the victim, Ashley_

4 The victim, Ashley Sham Bin Haroon (“Ashley”), was a police national
serviceman who had just completed his full time service and was waiting to
start his training with CISCO. On 6 August 2002, at about 7 pm, he was walking
around Ngee Ann City with his girlfriend, Nordalifah Binte Mohd Shahril
(“Nordalifah”).

5 Ashley had to ease himself and he went to a toilet in Basement 1 of Ngee Ann
City. He was standing at the urinal (in the middle of the row of urinals) when
the appellant entered the toilet. There was no one else at the row of urinals
then. The appellant went to the urinal just to the left of Ashley. Ashley
sensed that the appellant was looking at him. He turned to his left and saw
the appellant looking at his face. The appellant then smiled at Ashley, looked
down at Ashley’s genital area and looked at Ashley again. Ashley looked away.

6 After Ashley had finished easing himself, he zipped up and began to proceed
to the wash basin area on his left. However, before he could move off, the
appellant reached out his right hand and cupped Ashley’s private parts and
squeezed them. Ashley was shocked and confused. He mechanically moved to the
wash basin area and washed his hands.

7 While Ashley was washing his hands, he looked into the wash basin mirror and
saw that the appellant was still using the urinal. The appellant then looked
at Ashley and smiled. Ashley looked away and continued to wash his hands. The
appellant came to the wash basin area and used the wash basin to Ashley’s
right.

8 Ashley was still washing his hands when the appellant leaned towards him and
stretched his hand out. At that moment, a male Chinese entered the toilet and
the appellant withdrew his hand. Ashley then took out his police national
service identity card and showed it to the appellant. The appellant looked at
it and apologised to Ashley.

9 Ashley then asked for the appellant’s identity card and questioned the
appellant as to how long he had been doing “this”. The appellant did not
reply. Ashley further asked how long the appellant had been coming here to “do
this” and the appellant said that he came here once or twice a month.

10 The appellant then handed over his identity card and Ashley asked him to
follow him outside the toilet. Ashley further questioned the appellant.
Outside the toilet, Ashley used his handphone to try and call his ex-police
supervisor but the line was engaged and Ashley could not get through.

11 Ashley then told Nordalifah, who was waiting for him, that the appellant
had molested him. Nordalifah confronted the appellant who started apologising
to her. A short while later, a Ngee Ann City security guard, Eunos Bin Ikhwan
(“Eunos”), walked out of the toilet and Nordalifah called out to him and told
him about the incident. Eunos asked them to follow him to the security room
where he called the police.

_Evidence of prosecution witness, Nordalifah_

12 Nordalifah testified that she was waiting for Ashley outside the toilet and
she was using her handphone as Ashley came out with the appellant. She noticed
that they were talking at one side and only went over after she had finished
her call.

13 Ashley told her that the appellant had molested him. She was shocked and
asked the appellant what had happened. The appellant replied: “Nothing, I am
sorry.” She further questioned him as to why Ashley had then taken his
identity card and the appellant just kept on replying: “I am sorry, I am
sorry.” Eunos then walked by and she informed him that Ashley had been
molested and they followed Eunos back to the security room.

_The appellant’s testimony_

14 At the trial below, the appellant chose to give evidence. His version of
events was that, on the fateful day, he had gone to Ngee Ann City to procure
some goods. He admitted going to the toilet at Basement 1 to ease himself. He
had entered the toilet and wanted to use the first urinal. However, there was
a pool of water underneath that urinal so he used the urinal next to it, which
happened to be to the left of the urinal that Ashley was at.

15 He denied touching Ashley. After he had finished easing himself, he had
walked to the wash basins and Ashley was still there washing his hands. Ashley
had smiled at him and he had smiled back. Ashley had then taken out his wallet
and the appellant thought that Ashley had recognised him from some event
project that he had organised and had wanted to exchange name cards. The
appellant thus took out his wallet and got ready to exchange name cards. I
would note that all this had supposedly occurred in silence.

16 Ashley had then showed the appellant his police national service identity
card and asked for his identity card. The appellant thought that it was a spot
check and readily complied. Ashley had then questioned the appellant. The
appellant thought that he was being suspected of touting and replied
accordingly. Ashley had then asked the appellant to follow him out of the
toilet before using his handphone to make a call. A moment later, Ashley told
the appellant that he was very lucky that the phone line was engaged.

17 Outside the toilet, Ashley then spoke to Nordalifah who further questioned
the appellant. The appellant had then replied that he did not know what had
happened and told her to ask Ashley. At that point, a security guard, Eunos
walked out of the toilet and Nordalifah stopped him and told Eunos about the
molest incident. The appellant said that he was completely stunned at being
accused of molesting Ashley and he nearly experienced a blackout and squatted
down. He had then followed them to the security office where the police was
called.

18 The appellant further testified (and this was not challenged by the
prosecution) that he had subsequently, on 14 August 2002, tendered a letter to
the investigating officer. This letter was hand-written in English by Ricky
Soh, a friend of the appellant, under dictation by the appellant in Mandarin
as the appellant’s English was poor. The letter contained an account of the
entire incident based on the appellant’s story and was written in an attempt
to persuade the investigating officer to ask from the management of Ngee Ann
City for a video tape from a closed circuit television camera located outside
the toilet. This letter was then transcribed into a police statement by the
investigating officer. The statement was read and translated into Hokkien by
the investigating officer to the appellant. The appellant had signed on each
page of the statement. The statement included the following exchange (‘MM’
refers to Malay male, i.e. Ashley, while ‘I’ refers to the appellant): -

MM: You very lucky. The phone cannot get through.

I: **Sorry, give me a chance. I will never come again**. (I hope to finish off
there and rush to collect orders and meeting).

MM: Then you go to other toilets.

I: Both of us remain silent for a few moments.

[Emphasis added]

**Decision of the Court below**

19 The trial judge found that Ashley was a “truthful and credible witness, and
his evidence consistent and coherent.” He found that Ashley’s “credit remained
unshaken and his account of what happened in the toilet was clear and cogent”
despite being subjected to “intense cross examination by the learned defence
counsel.” The trial judge further found that Ashley’s testimony was
corroborated by Nordalifah’s testimony as well as Eunos’ testimony.

20 In comparison, the trial judge found that the appellant “was not a credible
witness and [the trial judge] further found his testimony to be unbelievable.”
The trial judge noted that the appellant was “either evasive or unconvincing”
on cross examination. The trial judge further noted that the appellant’s
testimony, especially his denial of ever apologising to Ashley, was
contradicted not only by Ashley’s and Nordalifah’s testimony but most
importantly by his own statement (as highlighted above) which he had tendered
to the investigating officer.

21 As such, the trial judge found that the prosecution had proved its case
beyond a reasonable doubt and convicted the appellant. The trial judge then
noted that the benchmark sentence for this type of offence was a term of
imprisonment of nine months and caning, but he sentenced the appellant to a
term of imprisonment of four months after giving the appellant full credit for
his years of voluntary contributions to the community as a grassroots leader.

_The appeal_

22 In this case, Ashley’s evidence was the most important as it established
the actus reus of the offence and debunked the appellant’s defence that Ashley
had framed him. Not surprisingly, counsel for the appellant devoted a
substantial portion of his arguments towards challenging the reliability and
veracity of Ashley’s evidence and establishing the creditworthiness and
consistency of the appellant’s evidence. In such a scenario, the burden
falling upon the appellant’s shoulders is a heavy one. This is trite law and
for authority, it will suffice for me to refer to my earlier decision in
_Public Prosecutor v Azman bin Abdullah_ [1998] 2 SLR 704 where I stated that:

It is well-settled law that in any appeal against a finding of fact, an
appellate court will generally defer to the conclusion of the trial judge who
has had the opportunity to see and assess the credibility of the witnesses.
**An appellate court, if it wishes to reverse the trial judge`s decision, must
not merely entertain doubts whether the decision is right but must be
convinced that it is wrong**.

[emphasis added]

23 Having examined the evidence for myself, I was of the view that the trial
judge’s findings were neither against the weight of the evidence nor plainly
wrong. In particular, I could not agree with counsel for the appellant when he
contended that the layout of the urinal rendered Ashley’s account of the
incident “highly improbable”. This was a simple case of outrage of modesty.
Having examined the photographs of the toilet for myself, I could not see how
it can be said that the incident was “highly improbable.” Furthermore, I
agreed with the trial judge that the appellant’s story, especially his account
of how he had thought that Ashley was going to exchange name cards with him
without a word being said on either side, was “totally absurd”.

**Corroboration and Motive**

24 There are only two further arguments that I wish to address. First, counsel
for the appellant had argued that the trial judge erred in holding that
Ashley’s testimony had been corroborated by Nordalifah’s testimony. He argued
that this was not corroboration by independent evidence and relied upon the
following passage from my judgment in _Khoo Kwoon Hain v Public Prosecutor_
[1995] 2 SLR 767 that: -

Hence, a previous complaint goes beyond the question of consistency and is
admissible evidence. In my view, although s 159 has the effect of elevating a
recent complaint to corroboration, the court should nevertheless bear in mind
the fact that corroboration by virtue of s159 alone is not corroboration by
independent evidence. It would be dangerous to equate this form of
corroboration with corroboration in the normal sense of the word. I can see no
reason why a s159 corroboration of a complainant`s testimony should
necessarily carry more weight than a s159 corroboration of the accused`s
denial. Both appear to me to be equally self-serving.

25 I am aware that there is no class of offences in which fabrication is so
easy and refutation so difficult as in the arena of sexual offences as all
that the court has before it are very often the word of the victim against the
denials of the accused. It was against this backdrop that I had previously
stated that while there was no legal requirement for a judge to warn himself
expressly of the danger of convicting on the uncorroborated evidence of a
complainant in a sexual offence case, it would be dangerous for him to convict
on the words of the complainant alone unless the testimony is unusually
compelling or convincing: _Kwan Peng Hong v Public Prosecutor_ [2000] 4 SLR 96
at 104; _Tang Kin Seng v Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 1 SLR 46 at 58, _Teo Keng
Pong v Public Prosecutor_ [1996] 3 SLR 329 at 340 and _Soh Yang Tick v Public
Prosecutor_ [1998] 2 SLR 42 at 50.

26 Furthermore, in dealing with corroborative evidence, the approach that our
Courts have adopted is a flexible and commonsensical one. We do not wish to be
bogged down by mere technicalities especially where these technicalities do
not have any bearing on the case at hand. To us, what is important is the
substance and the relevance of the evidence especially in relation to
corroborating any aspect of the victim’s testimony that is not so compelling
or convincing. A vital quality of corroborative evidence is its independence
since it is this quality of independence that lends the evidence its probative
weight: _Kwan Peng Hong_.

27 In view of the authorities cited, I could not agree with counsel for the
appellant. First, I noted that the trial judge had analysed Ashley’s evidence
with great care. He had found that Ashley was a credible witness and his
account was clear and cogent. There was no reason for him not to believe
Ashley’s testimony. That alone would have been sufficient for the trial judge
to convict the appellant especially since he had disbelieved the appellant’s
entire defence. As such, there was no need in the present case for the trial
judge to rely on corroborative evidence as the prosecution’s case was already
proved beyond reasonable doubt. In other words, even if the trial judge had
wrongfully relied on Nordalifah’s evidence as corroborative evidence, the
appellant’s conviction would not have been rendered unsafe.

28 Secondly, the passage cited from _Khoo Kwoon Hain_ does not assist the
appellant. In that case, the accused had been charged with two counts of
aggravated outrage of modesty. He had allegedly hugged the victim while
touching her breasts, body and buttocks. The next day, the victim told her
sister that she had been molested. Her sister had then brought her to the
police station to lodge a police report. The corroborative evidence relied
upon by the trial judge there was the victim’s sister’s testimony and the
police report. It was clear that such evidence, while technically
corroborative evidence under s 159 Evidence Act, was little more than the
retelling of the victim’s story by different persons and therefore was of
little evidential value.

29 In contrast, the corroborative evidence in the present case consisted
mainly of Nordalifah’s account of how the appellant had responded to her
questioning. It cannot be said that this testimony had originated from the
victim. As such, I was of the opinion that the trial judge was correct in
holding that Nordalifah’s testimony constituted corroboration by independent
evidence.

30 At this juncture, I find it necessary to add that I had disagreed with one
aspect of the trial judge’s decision: where he had stated that Nordalifah’s
testimony as to Ashley’s adverse reaction outside the toilet had corroborated
Ashley’s testimony. In dealing with evidence of such post-incident distress,
our courts must adopt a guarded approach before treating it as corroborative
evidence. After all, such distress can arise from other causes disassociated
with the alleged offence or can be an act: _R v Wilson_ (1979) 58 Cr App R
304. Hence, such evidence would often amount to nothing more than evidence of
consistency and its importance is probably felt more in its absence than its
presence. The position may of course be different where the victim did not
know that he was being observed: _R v Redpath_ [1962] 46 Cr App R 319.
However, given my earlier comments at ¶27 - ¶29, I did not find that this
error rendered the appellant’s conviction unsafe.

31 I would also mention that I was aware that Nordalifah was Ashley’s
girlfriend and of the fact that her testimony may have been coloured as a
result. This does not, however, mean that the Court cannot rely on her
evidence. Rather the weight to be accorded to her evidence would depend on the
degree to which the witness is interested and the significance of her
evidence. In this respect, I would note that the trial judge had found
“Nordalifah to be a truthful witness, who was candid in her testimony.” Thus I
saw no reason to reject the trial judge’s appraisal of her credibility and
accorded her testimony full weight.

32 The second argument raised by counsel for the appellant was that the
prosecution had failed to discharge their burden of proof of showing a lack of
motive on the part of the victim to falsely implicate the appellant. He cited
me the following passage from my judgement in _Khoo Kwoon Hain:_

**The burden of proving a lack of motive to falsely implicate the appellant is
on the prosecution**. Even though the prosecution was making a negative
assertion, the burden of proof is still on it. It is not for the defendant to
prove that the complainant had some reason to falsely accuse him. This is a
fact that would be wholly within the complainant`s knowledge and nobody
else`s. The defence therefore cannot be expected to prove this. It would be a
circular argument to believe the complainant when [he] said that [he] had no
reason to falsely accuse the appellant, and then say from that that the
complainant is believed because [he] had no reason to falsely accuse the
appellant. It is precisely because there can well be reasons why a complainant
would make false allegations against an accused that it is often unsafe to
convict in cases of sexual offences where there is no independent evidence to
corroborate the complainant`s allegations. [emphasis added]

33 I disagreed with counsel. All that the passage means is that where the
accused can show that the complainant has a motive to falsely implicate him,
then the burden must fall on the prosecution to disprove that motive. This
does not mean that the accused merely needs to allege that the complainant has
a motive to falsely implicate him. Instead, the accused must adduce sufficient
evidence of this motive so as to raise a reasonable doubt in the prosecution’s
case. Only then would the burden of proof shift to the prosecution to prove
that there was no such motive. To hold otherwise would mean that the
prosecution would have the burden of proving a lack of motive to falsely
implicate the accused in literally every case, thereby practically instilling
a lack of such a motive as a constituent element of every offence.

34 Furthermore, in deciding whether the accused has raised a reasonable doubt,
it is necessary to juxtapose the motive to falsely implicate the accused
against the circumstances of the alleged offence. In this case, counsel for
the appellant would have had me believe, based solely on the appellant’s
testimony, that Ashley had been offended by the appellant smiling and looking
at Ashley’s genitals. Being homophobic, Ashley had then decided to concoct the
story of the appellant grabbing and squeezing his private parts. I could not
find any merit whatsoever in this entire argument. I was incredulous that a
young man would choose to take upon himself, on the basis of a minor staring
incident, the embarrassment of admitting to his girlfriend, security guards
and the police that he had been molested as well as the trouble of being
interviewed by the police and testifying in court, simply to falsely implicate
a man whom he had never met before. I had no hesitation in dismissing this
entire argument.

**Conclusion**

35 After considering the various issues involved, I found that there were no
grounds whatsoever for allowing the appeal. As such, I dismissed the appeal
against conviction.

_Appeal dismissed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

