Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Tiong Polestar Engineering (formerly known as Polestar Engineering (S)
Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 8

Case Number | : | CWU 60/2000; SIC 600915/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 January 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mahendra Segeram (Segeram & Co) for the Applicant; Cheong Yuen Hee and Sum Chong Mun (C M Sum & Co) for the Respondent   
Parties | : | —  
  
Companies – Winding up – Creditor garnishing money in bank account – Bank
causing delay in payment – Creditor receiving proceeds after commencement of
winding up – Whether court to set aside rights of liquidator -Companies Act
(Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) s 334(1)(c)  
  
Companies – Winding up – Unfair preference – Application to void transaction –
Whether liquidator has locus standi – Whether application made by originating
summons or summons-in-chambers – Companies (Winding Up) Rules (Cap 50, R 1,
1990 Rev Ed) r 7(2)  
  
Companies – Winding up – Unfair preference – Insolvent company paying arrears
to associate company within two years of winding up – Whether associate
company rebutting presumption of unfair preference  
  
Words and Phrases – Definition of "prescribed" in Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994
Rev Ed) – Whether Companies(Application of Bankruptcy Act Provisions)
Regulations (Cap 50, R 3, 1995 Ed) validly prescribed – Whether legislation
must be made under Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  

1 Tiong Polestar Engineering Pte Ltd (‘the Company’) was a joint venture
between a local company Tiong Asia Marine Pte Ltd (‘TAM’) and Polestar Marine
Engineering Co Ltd (‘Polestar Japan’), a company incorporated under the laws
of Japan. The Company was formerly known as Polestar Engineering (S) Pte Ltd.
It was wound up by order of court dated 24 March 2000 and Mr Jamshid Keki
Medora was appointed as the liquidator (‘the Liquidator’). The winding-up
petition on which the winding up order was made was presented on 24 February
2000.

2 In the matter before me, the Liquidator applies for various reliefs. I set
out below the primary reliefs sought, using the same paragraph numbering as in
his application:

(1)(a) a declaration that sums amounting to $1,247,190.03 or such other
amounts paid by the Company to TAM between 23 February 1998 to 24 February
2000, constitute an unfair preference to TAM and are voidable accordingly;

(b) an order that TAM do pay the Company the sum of $1,247,190.03 or such
other sum as may be determined by the Court.

(2)(a) a declaration that the purported rental increase by TAM on 1 December
1996 and 1 December 1997 in respect of the Company’s premises at No. 29 Tuas
Basin Link Singapore constitutes a transaction at an undervalue within the
meaning of Section 329 of the Companies Act (‘CA’) (read with Section 98 of
the Bankruptcy Act (meaning the Bankruptcy Act 1995 which I will refer to as
‘BA 1995’) or alternatively, a declaration that these increases in rent
constitute an unfair preference to TAM and therefore voidable accordingly;

(b) an order that TAM do repay the increased rental amounts to the Company
from 1 December 1996 to the end of the Liquidator’s possession of the
premises.

(3)(a) a declaration that TAM is not entitled to retain the benefit of the
execution or attachment pursuant to garnishee proceedings and amounting to
$330,333.94 in view of Section 260 CA read with section 334 CA; and

(b) an order that TAM do pay $330,333.94 to the Company.

3 In submissions before me, Mr Mahendra Segeram, Counsel for the Liquidator,
proceeded first with the challenge in respect of the monies received by TAM
pursuant to the garnishee proceedings (i.e prayers 3(a) and (b)) and then the
challenge in respect of monies received by TAM for rent and utilities within
two years of the date of presentation of the petition of winding up (i.e
prayers 1(a) and (b) but the two year period should be 25 February 1998 to 24
February 2000). He did not proceed with the challenge pertaining to the
increase in rent under prayers 2(a) and (b).

**$330,333.94 Paid to Tam pursuant to Garnishee**

4 The $330,333.94 was paid by UOB to TAM by way of a cashier’s order (‘CO’)
and a cover letter dated 24 February 2000 from UOB to TAM’s solicitors C M Sum
& Co. It is undisputed that the CO was not received until 25 February 2000 and
that the Winding-up petition against the Company was presented on 24 February
2000 i.e one day earlier.

5 Although the challenge of the Liquidator was made under s 260 read with s
334 CA, Mr Segeram’s submission focussed on s 334 CA.

6 Under s 334(1) and (2)(b) CA, a creditor is not entitled to retain the
benefit of any attachment of any debt as against the liquidator unless it has
received the debt before the date of commencement of winding up.

7 It was also not disputed that the payment made by UOB was pursuant to a
Garnishee Order Absolute obtained by TAM in an action (i.e Suit No 600055 of
2000) and that such a garnishee order is an attachment by TAM of a debt due to
the Company.

8 However, Mr Cheong Yuen Hee, Counsel for TAM, submitted that the CO might
constitute a loan from UOB to the Company and hence was the property of UOB
and not that of the Company.

9 I am of the view that the CO should not be considered in isolation and the
circumstances which led to the issue of the CO were important. Although there
was no direct evidence from UOB, there is documentary evidence that its
payment was made pursuant to the Garnishee Order Absolute. In such
circumstances, it would be illogical for UOB to make a loan to the Company. In
the absence of any other evidence, the only logical inference I can draw is
that the Company’s account with UOB was debited by this amount to pay TAM in
compliance with the Garnishee Order Absolute.

10 Mr Cheong also submitted that under s 334(1)(c) CA, the rights conferred on
the Liquidator may be set aside by me in favour of TAM to such an extent and
on such terms as I thought fit. He submitted that I should do so because the
delay in receiving payment was caused by UOB, whose cover letter was dated 24
February 2000, when TAM’s solicitors’ letter requiring payment, pursuant to
the Garnishee Order Absolute, was dated 18 February 2000. However, I am of the
view that this is not a sufficient reason to set aside the rights conferred on
the Liquidator under s 334(1) read with s 334(2) CA. It is incumbent on a
creditor to try and get payment as soon as possible and if receipt of payment
is delayed by the act of another party, whether it be, for example, a bank or
the Bailiff, then the interests of the general creditors will have to prevail

11 In the circumstances, I am of the view that TAM is not entitled to retain
the $330,333.94 as against the Liquidator.

**Payments made by the company to Tam by way of rent and utilities within two
years of the date of presentation of the winding-up petition - unfair
preference**

12 Prior to the presentation of the winding-up petition, the Company had made
payments of rent and utilities to TAM for occupying space in premises
purchased by TAM.

13 The background to such payments was that the Company had initially wanted
to purchase premises. As this was too expensive, TAM agreed to purchase the
premises (at 29 Tuas Basin Link) and let out some space therein to the
Company.

14 On or about 1 July 1994, TAM leased some space in premises to the Company
for two years from 1 July 1994 to 30 June 1996 at a monthly rent of $13,330.13
less 10%. The area of the space was supposed to be 8,333.97 square feet. TAM
was also occupying part of the premises at all material times. The Company was
also to pay $100 to TAM for clearing and disposal of rubbish and to pay TAM
for utilities.

15 On or about 1 December 1996 (after the expiration of the initial term of
two years), TAM increased the rent for the alleged reason that the Company was
using additional space of 2,238.05 square feet. The rent was therefore
increased to $17,000 per month.

16 On or about 1 December 1997, the rate of the rent i.e the rent per square
foot, was increased for the alleged reason that the previous rate was a
concessionary rate. The rent was increased to $20,000 per month.

17 As I have said, Mr Segeram did not proceed with the Liquidator’s
application for a declaration that each increase constituted a transaction at
an undervalue or an unfair preference (prayers 2(a) and (b)).

18 Indeed, it seems to me that each increase was the opposite i.e TAM was
overcharging the Company and not that the Company had disposed of its property
to TAM at an undervalue. The question of overcharging would be a different
matter which was not the subject of the Liquidator’s application.

19 As for the question whether each increase constituted an unfair preference,
Mr Segeram did not seek to argue that, in itself, it constituted an unfair
preference but rather that the increase supported his submission of unfair
preference in respect of the payments of rent and utilities by the Company to
TAM within two years of the date of commencement of winding up, i.e 25
February 1998 to 24 February 2000.

20 As for the sum of $1,247,190.03, Mr Segeram reduced the Liquidator’s claim
to $604,447.61 comprising:

(a) rental - $434,984.59

(b) utilities - $169,463.02

__________

$604,447.61

__________

21 Mr Segeram relied on s 329 CA read with ss 99 and 100(1)(b) of BA 1995.
Section 100(1)(b) applies where the unfair preference is given to a person who
is an associate of the debtor within two years of the date of presentation of
the winding-up petition (see s 329(a)(i) CA also).

22 Mr Segeram pointed out that there were three directors of the Company. Two
of the directors were brothers i.e Tan Sen Tiong and Tan Sen Kong. Sen Tiong
was at all material times also a director of TAM. Mr Segeram relied on the
authority of the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Show Theatres Pte Ltd (in
liquidation) v Shaw Theatres Pte Ltd & Anor_ [2002] 4 SLR 145, for the
proposition that TAM was connected to the Company and hence an associate of
the Company.

23 Mr Cheong did not dispute that in view of that case, TAM would be an
associate of the Company for the purpose of s 100(1)(b) BA 1995. However he
submitted that the definition of an ‘associate’ in the context of a company
was found not under s 101 BA 1995 but under regulations made by the Minister
for Finance under s 411 CA i.e The Companies (Application of Bankruptcy Act
Provisions) Regulations 1995 (‘the 1995 Regulations’).

**Are the 1995 Regulations ultra vives?**

24 Mr Cheong submitted that the 1995 Regulations are ultra vives because they
should have been made under s 410, instead of s 411 CA, in view of s 329(1) CA
and the definition of ‘prescribed’ in s 2 CA.

25 Section 329(1) CA provides:

‘329. Undue preference

(1) Subject to this Act and such modifications as may be _prescribed_ , any
transfer, mortgage, delivery of goods, payment, execution or other act
relating to property made or done by or against a company which, had it been
made or done by or against an individual, would in his bankruptcy be void or
voidable under section 98, 99 or 103 of the Bankruptcy Act 1995 (read with
sections 100, 101 and 102 thereof) shall in the event of the company being
wound up be void or voidable in like manner.’

[Emphasis added.]

26 Under s 2 CA, ‘prescribed’ means ‘prescribed under this Act or by the
rules’. There is no specific mention in that definition of regulations.
Although there is no definition of ‘the rules’, there is a definition (also in
s 2) of ‘Rules’ (with a capital ‘R’) and the Rules (with the capital ‘R’) are
defined to mean Rules of Court. Mr Cheong then pointed out that s 410 CA
refers to rules prescribed by the Rules Committee whereas s 411 CA refers to
regulations to be made by the Minister (for Finance). Accordingly, in his
submission, the definition of ‘prescribed’ means that the modifications to be
made under s 329 CA, to apply the bankruptcy provisions to companies, should
have been made by the Rules Committee and not the Minister. Mr Cheong
submitted that if the 1995 Regulations are ultra vives, then the definition of
‘associate’ thereunder would not apply and even if there was any unfair
preference, it would apply only for the six months, and not two years, before
the presentation of the winding-up petition. In other words, s 100(1)(c) BA
1995, and not s 100(1)(b), would apply.

27 I digress briefly to say that although the heading of s 329 states ‘Undue
preference’, the heading of s 99 BA 1995 is ‘Unfair preferences’ and the
provisions in s 99 BA 1995 adopt the words ‘unfair preference’ and not ‘undue
preference’. As the intention under s 329 CA is to apply certain bankruptcy
provisions, including s 99 BA 1995, to companies, ‘unfair preference’ should
be used instead of ‘undue preference’.

28 In my view, Mr Cheong’s submission about ultra vives is not valid for the
simple reason that the definition of ‘prescribed’ includes ‘prescribed under
this _Act_ ’ (emphasis added) and ‘Act’ is defined (also under s 2 CA) as
including ‘any regulations’. Therefore, although ‘regulations’ is not
mentioned in the definition of ‘prescribed’, it is mentioned in the definition
of ‘Act’. In summary, ‘prescribed’ would mean prescribed under the CA or the
regulations (made under s 411 CA) or the rules (made under s 410 CA).

**Must the 1995 Regulations be passed under BA 1995?**

29 Mr Cheong then submitted that the 1995 Regulations were made on 5 July 1995
to apply the provisions in BA 1995 with modifications to companies but BA 1995
itself did not come into operation until 15 July 1995, ten days later. He
submitted that while anticipatory subsidiary legislation could be passed under
s 22 of the Interpretation Act, the 1995 Regulations could only be made under
BA 1995 and not under the CA.

30 It seems to me that Mr Cheong has combined two arguments into one. The
question whether the 1995 Regulations must be made under BA 1995 is separate
from the question whether anticipatory subsidiary legislation can be passed
before the primary legislation comes into operation.

31 On the latter question, Mr Cheong had conceded that subsidiary legislation
can be passed before the primary legislation comes into operation under s 22
of the Interpretation Act.

32 As regards the former question, I see no reason why the 1995 Regulations
cannot be made under the CA in view of s 329, s 2 and s 411 thereof. Indeed,
it seems to me that they are correctly made under the CA because they are
intended to apply certain bankruptcy provisions to companies.

33 I also add that the 1995 Regulations were made on 5 July 1995 and came into
operation on 15 July 1995. BA 1995 was passed earlier and by notification
dated 19 June 1995, it came into operation also on 15 July 1995.

**Was there unfair preference?**

34 As TAM is an associate of the Company, there is a presumption that the
payments made by the Company to it within two years of the presentation of the
winding-up petition is an unfair preference and it is for TAM to rebut the
presumption (see s 99(3) to (5) BA 1995 and [21] of the judgment of Chao Hick
Tin JA in _Show Theatres_).

35 On this point, Mr Cheong accepted that so long as there was an intention on
the part of the Company to prefer TAM, that would be sufficient to constitute
unfair preference even if that was not the main intention of the Company.

36 Mr Cheong submitted that the increases in rent were done openly in that the
accounts of the Company had been sent from time to time to Polestar Japan and
the amounts paid for rent were disclosed therein. Polestar Japan did not
object.

37 As for payments of rent and utility over the two years in question, Mr
Cheong did not dispute that the Company was insolvent at the material time or
that there was evidence that between 31 January 1998 and 31 January 2000 the
amount owing by the Company to TAM, aside from TAM’s loan to the Company, had
been reduced substantially from $515,280.19 to $100,929 whereas the amount
owing to trade creditors and to hire purchase (‘H/P’) creditors had increased.
The amount of the loan from TAM to the Company remained about the same. To be
fair, there appears to be some payments to trade and H/P creditors during
these two years with the balance owing fluctuating from time to time. However
the balance owing to these creditors as at 31 January 2000 was more than as at
31 January 1998.

38 There was also evidence to show that while the Company made regular monthly
payments of rent to TAM of less than $2,000 a month during the two years prior
to the presentation of the winding-up petition, the Company also made
substantial lump sum payments during that period to TAM to cover some arrears
of rent.

39 However, Mr Tan Sen Kong deposed that there were many verbal and incessant
threats made by TAM to evict the Company because of the arrears of rent which
culminated in a Notice to Quit dated 31 December 1999 being issued by TAM to
terminate the tenancy agreement by two months’ notice. He said that the
consequences of eviction would be disastrous and even at a directors’ meeting
of 3 November 1999, it was agreed that the loans from the joint venture
partners would be repaid after the arrears in rent had been settled. He
claimed to be merely carrying out the instructions of this meeting in
effecting payment to TAM.

40 Mr Cheong also pointed out that as late as 22 February 2000, two days
before the winding-up petition was filed, Polestar Japan had written to say
that the Company was in a good condition. Mr Cheong submitted that this
militated against the argument of unfair preference.

41 Mr Cheong added that Mr Tan Sen Kong did not use the sum in the Company’s
UOB account (which was subsequently garnished) to repay TAM’s loan which could
have been easily done if the intention was to prefer TAM.

42 As for payment of utilities, there was no payment by the Company from 2
April 1998 to 12 April 1999. Then, from 13 April 1999 to 2 February 2000,
substantial sums were paid for utilities totalling $169,463.02. There was no
explanation for this and the only submission made by Mr Cheong in respect of
the utilities was that TAM was not being paid as creditor but as agent of the
Company because TAM had to pay first for the utilities and then claim
reimbursement from the Company.

43 On the other hand, Mr Segeram relied on various evidence besides the
presumption of preference. As I have mentioned, there was evidence to show
that the amounts owing to TAM, aside from its loan, had been reduced
substantially between 31 January 1998 and 31 January 2000 while the amounts
owing to trade and H/P creditors had increased in the same period. There was
also evidence to show payments of substantial lump sums to cover some arrears
of rent and utilities for the two years from 25 February 1998 to 24 February
2000.

44 Mr Segeram also pointed out that the Liquidator had found no written
evidence of threats from TAM to evict the Company. Also, according to the
Liquidator, an increase in the rate of the rent took place during a period
when the Company had the option to renew the tenancy (without any such
increase).

45 As for the directors’ meeting of 3 November 1999, the Liquidator pointed
out that the minutes did not say that arrears of rent must be paid in priority
to other creditors but only that the loans from the joint venture partners
would be paid after the arrears in rent were paid.

46 Mr Segeram further submitted that even if Polestar Japan had agreed to the
arrears in rent being paid first, this was not binding on the Liquidator.

47 As regards the argument that Mr Tan Sen Kong could have used the monies in
the UOB account to repay TAM’s loan if he wanted to prefer TAM, Mr Segeram
countered that this was done indirectly by the omission of the Company to
contest TAM’s claim at all which facilitated TAM’s obtaining judgment and the
eventual Garnishee Order Absolute.

48 I do not accept the allegation that payments of substantial sums were made
to TAM because of threats from TAM to evict the Company. Mr Tan Sen Tiong was
a director of TAM and the Company. TAM was also a shareholder of the Company.
In my view, it was unlikely that TAM would evict the Company so long as it
wanted the Company to carry on business. It was not in TAM’s interest for the
Company to try and look for alternative premises because the costs of
operations would increase as the Company would be at a different location from
TAM. Also, TAM would lose a source of revenue, even though the Company was
often in arrears. There would also be relocation costs incurred by the Company
which again would not be in TAM’s interest as a joint venture partner.

49 Secondly, substantial payments amounting to more than $110,000 were made by
the Company to TAM between 3 January 2000 to 2 February 2000, after the Notice
to Quit dated 31 December 1999 was given. Although Tan Sen Kong said the
consequences of eviction would be disastrous, the Notice to Quit was not
withdrawn even after these payments were made.

50 Thirdly, the amounts owing to trade or H/P creditors as at 31 January 2000
was more than as at 31 January 1998 whereas during the same period, the amount
owing to TAM as at 31 January 2000, aside from its loan to the Company, had
been substantially reduced.

51 As regards the directors’ meeting of 3 November 1999, I am of the view that
even if all the directors of the Company had agreed to pay the arrears of rent
first, notwithstanding that substantial amounts (totalling about $900,000)
were owing to other creditors, this would in itself suggest a preference to
TAM.

52 In addition, many of the payments of substantial sums to TAM were made
before the directors’ meeting of 3 November 1999, so it does not lie in Tan
Sen Kong’s mouth to say that he was merely carrying out the instructions given
at this meeting. These payments were also made before the Notice to Quit and
in the absence of any written threat to evict.

53 As for the letter dated 22 February 2000 from Polestar Japan stating that
the Company was in a good condition, I am of the view that that statement must
be read in the context in which the letter was sent. Besides mentioning that
the Company was in a good condition, the letter also stated that it was
closing down. As is evident from that letter, there were disputes between the
joint venture partners and Polestar Japan wanted to be bought out by TAM. It
was therefore trying to persuade TAM to buy it out. It is undisputed that as
at 22 February 2000, the Company was still insolvent although, perhaps, its
prospects had improved. Indeed, two days later, it was Polestar Japan who
filed the winding-up petition based on its unpaid loan to the Company and also
on the basis that the Tan brothers had acted in their own interests. One of
the complaints was that monies owing to TAM had been reduced and the Tan
brothers had allowed TAM to obtain judgment in default in its claim against
the Company (which eventually led to the Garnishee Order Absolute I have
mentioned). Another complaint was in respect of the increases in rent payable
to TAM. Even though not all the complaints by Polestar Japan are necessarily
valid, the fact of the matter is that the Company was insolvent at all
material times.

54 As for the argument that Mr Tan Sen Kong did not use the rest of the
Company’s money in the UOB account to pay TAM’s loan (or the remaining arrears
of rent) when he could have done so, I am of the view that he did not do so
probably because he (and Sen Tiong) thought it better to get the monies
through garnishee proceedings. I am not suggesting that the Company must
dispute a bona fide claim but I am of the view that the omission to have
direct self-help to the rest of the money in the UOB account is not sufficient
to rebut the presumption of preference and the other evidence against TAM.

55 As regards the argument that the payment of utilities to TAM was made to it
as the Company’s agent, I am of the view that this argument is neither here
nor there. TAM still stood as a creditor of the Company for the utilities and
it received the payment as such.

56 In the circumstance, I find that there was an unfair preference but, in my
view, this finding does not apply to all the payments of rent. I am of the
view that the regular payments of less than $2,000 a month to TAM were fair,
bearing in mind that other creditors have received some payments in the two
years before the presentation of the winding-up petition. Based on p 100 and
101 of the Liquidator’s first affidavit, these regular payments amount to
$23,143.57. As the total payment of rent and utilities during the two years is
$604,447.61, the amount to be paid by TAM for unfair preference is:

$604,447.61

\- $ 23,143.57

__________

$581,304.04

**Two other arguments of Mr Cheong**

57 I now come to two other arguments raised by Mr Cheong.

58 First, he submitted that there was some doubt that the Liquidator was the
right person to make the application before me. For this point, Mr Cheong
relied on an article ‘The Avoidance Provisions of The Bankruptcy Act 1995 And
Their Application to Companies’ by Lee Eng Beng in (1995) SLJS 597. In that
article, Mr Lee suggests that there is some ground for saying that a
liquidator has no locus standi to make such an application and it should be
the Official Receiver to do so.

59 On the other hand, Mr Segeram pointed out that in _Show Theatres_ , it was
the liquidator who made the application and Mr Lee himself was the Counsel
acting for the liquidator there. Likewise, in _Re Libra Industries Pte Ltd (in
compulsory liquidation)_ [2000] 1 SLR 84, it was also the liquidator who made
the application. Be that as it may, the point does not appear to have been
taken in these two cases, and so I come to Mr Lee’s reasons for suggesting
that a liquidator (who is not the Official Receiver) may not have locus standi
to make the application.

60 Mr Lee pointed out that in bankruptcy, it is the Official Assignee who
makes the application and the trustee in Bankruptcy (who is usually from
private practice) is expressly conferred the powers of the Official Assignee.
Mr Lee concluded that for companies, as the equivalent of the Official
Assignee is the Official Receiver, it is the Official Receiver who should have
the locus standi to make the application. This is supported by s 4(1) CA which
defines the Official Receiver to mean the Official Assignee. Moreover, there
is no provision in the CA conferring on a liquidator the general powers of the
Official Receiver and the powers of the liquidator are all expressly provided
in the CA eg s 273, 288, 305 and 306 CA. In view of this, Mr Lee made the
suggestion that there is some ground for saying that a liquidator (who is not
the Official Receiver) has no locus standi to make the application.

61 In my view, the intention of the CA is to give a liquidator (who is not the
Official Receiver) as much powers as possible as would allow and assist the
liquidator to carry out his duties. To that end, various provisions were
enacted to give him such powers but there is nothing in the CA expressly
saying that he has such powers only and no others.

62 Using judicial management as a comparison, Mr Lee also pointed out (in p
640 of his article) that the Official Receiver is not involved in judicial
management and he has no control over the judicial manager. Accordingly in
judicial management, it should be the judicial manager and not the Official
Receiver to make a similar application under s 227T(1) CA. However, I note
that s 227T(1) CA expressly states that the transaction in question would be
void ‘as against the judicial manager’. Therefore, judicial management did not
assist me in my deliberation regarding liquidation on this point.

63 The problem is that s 329 CA does not expressly state that the transaction
in question would be void as against the liquidator unlike, for example, s
334(1) CA which states that the creditor shall not be entitled to retain the
benefit of the execution or attachment ‘against the liquidator’. As Chao Hick
Tin JA observed in _Show Theatres_ (at [17]), the difficulty arises because
provisions meant to be applicable to the bankruptcy regime are made to apply
to winding up.

64 I also note that Mr Lee himself suggested in his article (p 641) that
‘practical sense would prevail and the likely stand that the court will take
is that a liquidator [who is not the Official Receiver] does possess the
necessary locus standi’ to make such an application. Mr Lee also suggested
that regulation 3(b) of the 1995 Regulations may be used in aid of this
conclusion. Regulation 3(b) states:

‘3. For the purposes of sections 227T and 329 of the Act, sections 98, 99,
100, 101, 102 and 103 of the Bankruptcy Act 1995 shall be read subject to -

(a) the modifications set out in regulations 4 to 9; and

(b) such textual and other modifications as may be necessary for their
application to a company being placed under judicial management or being wound
up, as the case may be.’

65 Unfortunately, regulation 3(b) only refers to such modifications as may be
necessary only and it does not refer to modifications that may be appropriate.
One may be hard-put to argue that it is necessary for the liquidator (and not
the Official Receiver) to make the application.

66 Be that as it may, I am of the view that it is the person appointed as
liquidator who should make the application and this would be the private
liquidator or the Official Receiver, as the case may be. In the context of
companies a private liquidator is often appointed as liquidator instead of the
Official Receiver. If the Official Receiver’s name must be used for a
challenge based on unfair preference, it would mean that he would have to seek
an indemnity for costs and perhaps be consulted as well when he really has
nothing to do with the dispute.

67 The second other argument by Mr Cheong is that the application should have
been made by way of Originating Summons under s 272(a) CA and not a summons-
in-chambers filed presumably under s 273(3) CA which is the provision for
directions. On this point, Mr Cheong relied on:

(a) McPherson, ‘The Law of Company Liquidation (4th Ed) p 487 to 491,

(b) _Editions Tom Thompson Pty Ltd v Pilley_ [1997] 24 ACSR 617, and

(c) Australian Corporation Law, Vol 2, (Buttherworths 1991) para 5.4.0605.

68 Mr Cheong further submitted that an application under s 273(3) CA is not
suitable where substantive issues are involved and the court is asked to make
binding orders on TAM. Moreover, where there are substantive issues of fact,
these issues would be more suitably disposed of after a trial. However, Mr
Cheong accepted that this last point should have been taken earlier and was
not.

69 Indeed, in one of the hearings prior to the main hearing, I had asked
Counsel for each party to consider whether there was a need for cross-
examination of the deponents. Subsequently, Mr Sum Chong Mun (who is
instructing Mr Cheong) applied to cross-examine the Liquidator only on one
point. The application was resisted by Mr Segeram because the Liquidator had
no personal knowledge of the point in question and was only drawing an
inference from facts. In the circumstances, I did not allow Mr Sum’s
application and there was no appeal against that decision. Accordingly, I am
of the view that it was too late for Mr Cheong to argue that there should have
been a trial.

70 As regards the argument that s 273(3) CA should not be used to determine
substantive issues and make binding orders, I note that the application before
me did not specifically state that it was made under s 273(3) CA. Indeed, the
application as regards unfair preference was made under s 329 CA and, as
regards the garnished monies, was made under s 334 CA.

71\. As regards the question whether the application should have been made by
way of Originating Summons or summons-in-chambers, Mr Segeram submitted that
whatever the position may be in Australia, that may have been because of the
provisions in Australia. He then referred to Rules 5(1) and (2) and 7(1) and
(2) of the Singapore Companies (Winding Up Rules) which state:

‘5(1) The following matters and applications in Court shall be heard before
the Judge in open Court:

(a) petitions;

(b) appeals to Court;

(c) applications under section 343 of the Act;

(d) applications for the committal of any person to prison for contempt;

(e) applications to rectify the Register; and

(f) such matters and applications as the Judge may from time to time by any
general or special orders direct to be heard before him in open Court.

(2) Every other matter or application to the Court under the Act to which
these Rules apply may be heard and determined in Chambers.

7(1) Every application in Court other than a petition, shall be made by motion
and shall be served on the party affected thereby not less than 8 days before
the day named in the notice for hearing of the motion. An application for
leave to serve short notice of motion shall be made ex parte.

(2) Every application in Chambers shall be in the Form 1 set out in the First
Schedule, which, unless otherwise ordered, shall be served on every person
against whom an order is sought, and shall require that person or persons to
whom the summons is addressed to attend at the time and place named in the
summons; and such summons shall be served not less than 8 days before the day
named in the summons, unless in any case it shall be otherwise ordered.’

Mr Segeram said that he had used Form 1 in the First Schedule as directed by
Rule 7(2).

72 Mr Segeram also drew my attention to _Show Theatres_ and _Re Libra_ in
which the applications also appeared to have been made by way of summons-in-
chambers. However, again, the point does not appear to have been argued in
either of the two cases.

73 Although Form 1 is not entirely clear whether it is an Originating Summons
or Summons-in-Chambers, I am of the view that ‘summons’ in Rule 7(2) means a
summons-in-chambers and not an Originating Summons because the latter should
be expressly stated if that were so. I find support for my view (that Rule
7(2) refers to a Summons-In-Chambers) from Rule 8(1) and (2) which states:

‘8(1) Every proceeding in a winding up matter should be dated and shall, with
any necessary additions, be intituled as follows:

"IN THE HIGH COURT OF SINGAPORE

COMPANIES WINDING UP NO. OF

In the matter of the Companies Act

(Chapter 50)

and

In the matter of …………………".

(2) The _first_ proceeding in every winding up matter shall have a distinctive
number assigned to it in the office of the Registrar, and all proceedings in
any matter subsequent to the first proceeding _shall bear the same number_ as
the first proceeding.’

[Emphasis added.]

74 I would add that although O 88 r 2(1) of the Rules of Court provides for
applications under the Companies Act to be made by way of Originating Summons,
unless other provided by the CA, O 1 r 2(4) states that the Rules of Court
shall not have effect in relation to proceedings relating to the winding up of
companies.

**Reliefs granted**

75\. In the circumstances:

(a) I declare that TAM is not entitled to retain the benefit of the Garnishee
Order Absolute in Suit No 600055 of 2000. I order TAM to pay the Liquidator
$330,333.94.

(b) I declare that $581,304.04 was paid by the Company to TAM as an unfair
preference and I order TAM to pay the Liquidator the $581,304.04.

(c) TAM is to pay the costs of this application to the Liquidator to be agreed
or taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Jan 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

