Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Alagappa Subramanian v Chidambaram s/o Alagappa  
[2003] SGCA 20

Case Number | : | CA 106/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 May 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Judith Prakash J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Molly Lim SC, Eunice Ng (Wong Tan & Molly Lim) for the Appellants; Ms Deborah Barker SC, Ang Keng Ling (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the Respondents   
Parties | : |  Alagappa Subramanian — Chidambaram s/o Alagappa   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Whether the findings of the trial judge were
against the weight of evidence.  
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Whether the trial judge's exercise of discretion to
award costs was manifestly wrong.  
  

**_Delivered by_ ** **_Judith Prakash J_**

1 The parties to this appeal are brothers. Chidambaram s/o Alagappa
(‘Chidambaram’) who was the plaintiff below, is the eldest son of VCT Alagappa
Chettiar and executor of the latter’s estate (‘the Estate’). His claim against
Alagappa Subramanian (‘Subramanian’), the third son, was for monies allegedly
overdrawn by Subramanian from a trust fund set up pursuant to a family
arrangement and for various other orders. Subramanian disputed these claims
and filed a counterclaim in respect of amounts allegedly due to him from the
Estate and also amounts due to him under the family arrangement. After a long
trial, Lai Kew Chai J allowed Chidambaram’s claims and dismissed
Subramanian’s. Hence, this appeal by Subramanian.

**Background**

2 VCT Alagappa Chettiar died in November 1977 leaving substantial assets in
Malaysia, including businesses and immovable property. The Estate was
bequeathed to his five sons in equal shares. Apart from the parties hereto,
these are Venkatachalam, the second son, Annamalai, the fourth son and
Arunachalam, the youngest. At all material times, Chidambaram was the sole
executor of the Estate.

3 By 1981, Chidambaram had sold the bulk of the immovable assets of the Estate
for about 16 million ringgit. In 1983, Venkatachalam commenced proceedings in
the High Court of Malaya disputing deductions amounting to about 2 million
ringgit that Chidambaram had made in his own favour from the funds of the
Estate. In these proceedings, Chidambaram submitted accounts for the Estate as
at December 1983. A sum of money covering the items disputed by Venkatachalam
was deposited with lawyers in Kuala Lumpur to await the outcome of the
dispute. After all the debts had been settled, about 14 million ringgit was
left for distribution amongst the beneficiaries. Distribution was completed by
1991.

4 In the meantime, in late 1983, there were discussions between Chidambaram,
Subramanian, Annamalai and Arunachalam. These led to an agreement to pool
their inheritance from their father and use the common pool (‘Family Account’)
to make various investments in Singapore. The investments subsequently made
under this family arrangement included two flats, one that was referred to as
the Liho property (registered in Subramanian’s name) and the other as the
Kuhio property (registered in Chidambaram’s name), fixed deposits and foreign
currency investments. It was agreed that Chidambaram would make investments on
behalf of the Family Account and that he and Subramanian would jointly
administer the Family Account on behalf of all four beneficiaries. It should
be noted that in their testimony the brothers usually referred to the Family
Account as ‘the 4 Brothers Account’.

5 Pursuant to this arrangement, four bank accounts were opened in the joint
names of Chidambaram and Subramanian. They were:

(1) a Singapore dollar current account with Indian Overseas Bank (‘IOB’);

(2) an IOB fixed deposit account;

(3) an IOB US dollar account; and

(4) a multi-currency account with the ING Bank (‘ING’) comprising:

(a) fixed deposits placed with ING;

(b) loan facilities secured by the Kuhio and Liho properties.

6 It was agreed that each of the four brothers was entitled to make
withdrawals from the Family Account for his personal expenses and investments.
The accounts were kept by Chidambaram with the assistance of Subramanian. From
1986 onwards, the accounts were kept in computer records. All the computer
records and banking documents relating to the joint bank accounts were kept in
the office of Alambon Tools Pte Ltd (‘Alambon Tools’), a company belonging to
Chidambaram. At all material times Subramanian shared this office.

7 At the date of the trial, the only assets remaining under the family
arrangement were the Liho and Kuhio properties and the credit balance of the
IOB fixed deposit account which had been withdrawn and which was being held by
the parties’ solicitors pending outcome of the dispute. As at December 1999,
this amounted to $97,210.64.

**The action**

8 Chidambaram’s claims in the court below were that:

(1) Subramanian was in an overdrawn position as far as the Family Account was
concerned in that the amount of his withdrawals exceeded his contributions by
$1,781,913.02;

(2) Subramanian was liable to pay back that sum plus interest at the rate of
9% per annum compounded monthly;

(3) by reason of Subramanian being in an overdrawn position, he no longer had
any beneficial interest in any of the assets acquired by the Family Account;
and

(4) accounts be taken of all other monies owing by Subramanian.

9 Subramanian on the other hand contended that:

(1) the agreement made amongst the four brothers was for the Liho and Kuhio
properties to be purchased for the benefit of all of them in equal shares.
Each of the four brothers had made an equal contribution towards the purchases
and as such Subramanian had a beneficial interest of 25% in each of the
properties;

(2) the fixed deposits with IOB and ING were from funds contributed by himself
and Chidambaram and therefore he had a 50% interest in the same;

(3) the statement of accounts prepared by Chidambaram as the accounts of the
Family Account were incomplete and as such Chidambaram had not accounted to
Subramanian for all the investments made;

(4) the said accounts were inaccurate in that the amount overdrawn by
Subramanian was only $106,499.04 and not $1,781,913.02 as alleged by
Chidambaram;

(5) there was no agreement made amongst the four brothers for interest to be
paid on withdrawals from the Family Account at the rate of 9% per annum or at
all whether on a compound basis or otherwise; and

(6) he was entitled to be paid by Chidambaram one fifth of the expenses
incurred by the latter in relation to the Estate and which Chidambaram had
wrongfully deducted from the funds of the Estate in breach of his duties as
executor.

10 The learned judge found that the terms of the family arrangement were as
follows:

(1) each of the four brothers would contribute funds into a joint account (the
Family Account) which would be held and administered on behalf of all of them;

(2) the Family Account would be administered by Chidambaram with the
assistance of Subramanian as trustees for the benefit of all four;

(3) for the purpose of administering the Family Account, Chidambaram could
open such account or accounts at such bank or banks as he deemed fit and
obtain such credit facilities for the Family Account as he deemed fit;

(4) monies contributed into the Family Account would be deposited in or held
in such bank account(s) as might be selected by Chidambaram in his discretion;

(5) each of the four brothers could make withdrawals from the Family Account,
provided that the brother making the withdrawal had contributed enough to
allow for the withdrawal without overdrawing;

(6) an overdrawing (ie a withdrawal exceeding the amount of that brother’s
contribution) could be made by any brother from the Family Account subject to
the consent of the other brothers;

(7) investments made utilising funds in the Family Account would be shared by
the four brothers in proportion to the amounts of their respective
contributions to the Family Account;

(8) for the purpose of achieving and putting into practical effect the
agreement as to the proportional sharing of accretions set out in paragraph
(7) above, the following would apply:

(a) as between the four brothers, interest would be calculated on each
contribution into the Family Account at the rate of 9% per annum compounded on
a monthly basis (‘the family rate’) from the date of the contribution and
would be payable to the brother making the contribution;

(b) as between the four brothers, interest would be calculated at the family
rate on any overdrawing on the Family Account from the date of the overdrawing
and would be payable by the brother making any such overdrawing; and

(c) in determining the share of each brother in the assets or monies held
under the account, the contributions would be taken into account;

(9) Chidambaram had fulfilled his obligations to render accounts to
Subramanian having verified his original accounts produced to the court a
document marked ‘New 5PWB’ which reflected all monies available in the Family
Account for investments over the years and all income received on the
investments;

(10) Subramanian had overdrawn the sum of $1,781,913.02 from the Family
Account;

(11) Subramanian was not entitled to receive any further payment out of the
Estate; and

(12) Subramanian was liable to pay annual rent of $72,800 for the Kuhio
property with interest thereon for the period during which he occupied that
property.

11 Consequent upon the above findings, the judge ordered Subramanian to pay
Chidambaram, as administrator of the Family Account, the sum of $1,781,913.02
and accrued interest of $872,084.07 and further interest on the principal sum
from 30 September 1998 up to the date of payment at the family rate. He
declared that Subramanian had no beneficial interest in either the Liho
property or the Kuhio property and that the same were held on trust for
Chidambaram, Annamalai and Arunachalam. The judge ordered that the sums held
in escrow by the parties’ solicitors and derived from the IOB fixed deposit
were to be paid to Chidambaram to be held on trust for himself, Annamalai and
Arunachalam. He further declared that Subramanian had no beneficial interest
in any of the fixed deposits placed with ING. Finally, he ordered that
accounts be taken from Subramanian of all monies taken by him from IOB and ING
and otherwise from the Family Account.

**Issues arising in the appeal**

12 Before us, the issues raised by Subramanian are as follows:

_Under the family arrangement_

(1) whether he is entitled to a 25% share in the beneficial interest in the
two properties;

(2) whether he is entitled to a 25% share in the beneficial interest in the
fixed deposits with IOB and ING;

(3) whether Chidambaram is liable to account to Subramanian for his share of
all the joint investments made for the benefit of the four brothers;

(4) whether he is liable to pay interest on the sum overdrawn and, if so, at
the family rate;

(5) whether the trial judge was wrong in holding that the sum overdrawn by
Subramanian was $1,781,913.02;

_Under the Estate_

(6) whether Chidambaram was liable to account to Subramanian for the latter’s
one fifth share of certain deductions made by Chidambaram from the funds of
the Estate;

_Miscellaneous_

(7) whether Subramanian’s liability to pay rental for the Kuhio property
should be reduced by 25%;

(8) whether Chidambaram is liable to account for all rentals received on the
Kuhio property from 1 September 1998 to date; and

(9) whether Chidambaram should be awarded only 80% of the costs he incurred in
relation to the trial in view of the dismissal of his claim for a share in a
flat at Jurong registered in Subramanian’s name.

13 Before we go on to deal with these issues, it is important to note that
they arise from disputes of fact. The holdings of the judge are not challenged
on the basis that they are wrong in law. They are challenged on the basis that
he came to wrong conclusions of fact. An appellate court will not reverse the
findings of fact made by the judge of first instance unless such findings are
plainly wrong or against the weight of the evidence. See _Seah Ting Soon t/a
Sin Meng Co Wooden Cases Factory v Indonesian Tractors Co Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1
SLR 521. Further, where a judge at a trial has come to a conclusion as to
which witnesses are creditworthy and which are not, an appellate court will
generally defer to such conclusions. However, in deciding whether the trial
judge was plainly wrong, the appellate court will evaluate the quality of the
evidence given by the witnesses by testing it against inherent probabilities
or against uncontroverted facts. See _Peh Eng Leng v Pek Eng Leong_ [1996] 2
SLR 305.

**Issue (1) - Is Subramanian entitled to a 25% share in the two properties in
spite of his overdrawn position?**

14 The underlying question in relation to this issue is on what basis
investments in the Family Account were to be divided amongst the brothers when
that fund was terminated. Chidambaram’s position was that the brothers had
agreed that they would share in the Family Account on a pro-rata basis. This
meant that each individual’s share would be in proportion to his net
contribution. The net contribution would be the amount contributed by each
brother less the amount drawn by him. Thus, while the Family Account was
running, each brother’s share would vary from time to time depending on his
net contribution. The cut-off point would come when a brother decided to leave
the arrangement and then his share would be determined and dealt with.
Subramanian disputed this. In the court below, he contended that there was an
agreement between himself and Chidambaram only for the pooling of funds
pursuant to which joint accounts in the names of the two of them were to be
opened and, at the same time, there was a separate agreement among the four
brothers to invest and share in the Kuhio and Liho properties equally.

15 Before us, Subramanian accepted the judge’s finding that there was an
agreement among all four brothers for the pooling of funds pursuant to which
the joint accounts in the names of Chidambaram and Subramanian were opened and
the Kuhio and Liho properties were purchased. He was dissatisfied with the
further ruling that he was not entitled to any share in the two properties.
His counsel, Ms Molly Lim, SC, contended that the judge’s conclusion
contradicted the evidence available because:

(1) Chidambaram had conceded that the two properties were purchased on the
basis that they would be shared among the four brothers; and

(2) Chidambaram had in the accounts which he prepared for the Estate debited
from each brother’s share in the Estate the sum of 110,000 ringgit towards the
purchase of the two properties. As such, Chidambaram was estopped from denying
that each of the brothers had made an equal contribution towards the purchase
of the properties.

16 The resolution of this issue depends on the view we take of the sharing
arrangement in relation to the Family Account. The judge accepted the evidence
of Chidambaram and Annamalai that the four brothers had agreed on ‘a sharing
formula’ whereby any brother who overdrew from the Family Account would not be
entitled to any share in the investments and properties. On the other hand,
Subramanian and Arunachalam gave evidence that no such sharing formula was
agreed. It appears that the judge was impressed by the testimony of Annamalai
and therefore concluded in Chidambaram’s favour. He found that Annamalai was a
neutral party in the action and that his evidence in court was most
impressive.

17 Annamalai did not deal with this point directly in his affidavit of
evidence in chief although he did say that investments made utilising funds in
the Family Account would be divided amongst the four brothers in proportion to
the amount of their respective contributions. His main evidence on the sharing
formula was given during re-examination. He was asked to explain how,
according to his understanding, an investment in the Family Account was to be
divided. His answer was that the investments made utilising the funds in the
account would be divided amongst the four brothers in proportion to the amount
of the contributions. Each of them had contributed different amounts on
different dates and all the interest must be taken into account. The
accountant would have to make his calculations on that basis. He also
specifically confirmed that the Liho and Kuhio properties were to be divided
in the same way. Later, when asked to clarify, he stated:

Q But you said in cross-examination that the flats were to be divided 25%, can
you clarify?

A I want to clarify to make sure: contributions are made into the 4 Bros a/c
and they are in different amounts. If anyone of us should receive the interest
on the contributions from the day we put in the money and would pay interest
for any amount overdrawn. First, we have to divide the capital depending on
the contributions. The interest is calculated according to the proportion of
the contributions. The rest of the money should be divided equally.

18 Annamalai’s evidence was not always consistent. While under cross-
examination, he did say at various points that the two properties were to be
shared equally and once said that ‘There was no fixed sum for each to
contribute but for the 2 flats our share would be 25% each’. Further, it was
suggested by Ms Lim that his evidence under re-examination should be
disbelieved because Annamalai had been staying with Chidambaram during the
trial and the re-examination took place a day after the admissions in cross-
examination had been made. The suggestion was that Annamalai had been coached
by Chidambaram and was therefore less credible as a witness. These
discrepancies must have been put to the trial judge who would in any case have
been aware of them. Notwithstanding those inconsistencies, he found Annamalai
to be ‘a most impressive’ witness. Quite apart from our being reluctant to
interfere with the judge’s assessment of a witness whom he has seen and we
have not, there was also uncontroverted evidence to support a finding that the
properties were part of the Family Account.

19 Subramanian’s case was that the ability of each brother to overdraw from
the Family Account was akin to a loan arrangement which was separate and
distinct from the investments made under the Family Account. He alleged that
the overdrawing from the account should not affect a brother’s share in the
investments and therefore he should still be entitled to a 25% share in the
properties. In effect, he was asserting that the properties had to be kept
wholly separate from the Family Account and its investments and one could not
affect the other. This contention was not supported by the evidence. The
properties were actively used as part of the investments of the Family Account
in that they were mortgaged to support borrowings from ING used for the
purposes of currency trading for the benefit of the Family Account. Further,
Annamalai stated during cross-examination that there were no monies
specifically earmarked for the purchase of the two properties. From his point
of view, it could not be said that each brother had contributed 25%
specifically towards the purchase price of the two properties.

20 Next, Subramanian’s claim that each brother should get a 25% interest in
the two properties is untenable because each of the brothers contributed a
different amount to the Family Account. Annamalai testified that the brothers
agreed that each of them could contribute different amounts to that account.
The accounts produced by Chidambaram bore out that assertion. To find that
each brother gets the same share in the two properties would be unfair to the
brothers who had contributed more to the common pool. It would also be unduly
partial to that brother who had withdrawn more than he had contributed.

21 As stated above, Subramanian made two submissions in support of his
contention that the four brothers had contributed equally to the purchase of
the two properties and that as a result he himself had a 25% interest in them.
First, there was a contradiction by Chidambaram in his evidence. His original
position was that he did not collect equal amounts from any of the brothers at
the time the properties were bought or thereafter. Later, however, when shown
the Estate’s accounts he agreed that he had remitted 110,000 ringgit from each
brother’s entitlement in the Estate to himself in reimbursement of what he had
paid towards the properties. He explained that he had intended these monies to
be paid into the Family Account but since no bank accounts had yet been opened
to receive the funds of the Family Account, he had remitted the 440,000
ringgit to his personal bank account. It was contended that this admission by
Chidambaram that he took 110,000 ringgit from each brother was evidence of an
agreement on the part of the four brothers that they would share equally in
the two properties.

22 Clearly Chidambaram gave contradictory evidence on how he was reimbursed
for the purchase price of the properties. This in itself does not, however,
mean that the sharing formula had not been agreed at that time. Even if the
brothers had each contributed an equal amount to the purchase of the
properties, given that these contributions were made subsequent to their
agreeing to put the two properties into the pot of the Family Account such
contributions must have been made on the basis that they would be treated in
the same way as all other contributions to the Family Account. Further, at the
time the Estate had not yet been wound up and while the brothers knew that
under the will of their father they were equal beneficiaries, they did not
know exactly how much money each would get. The Estate did, however, have
enough funds to allow each of them to make an initial contribution to the
Family Account and use this money to acquire the two properties for the Family
Account. As Chidambaram explained, he had originally intended to pay the
440,000 ringgit into the Family Account but since none of the accounts had yet
been opened for the purpose of the Family Account, he had to remit the funds
to his personal bank account. At that point of time when the Estate had not
been distributed it was reasonable and easiest for them to each contribute a
similar amount from his inheritance towards the purchase of the properties and
thereby to the Family Account. That the brothers may have intended that each
of them should make an equal contribution initially does not in itself run
counter to an agreement to eventually divide the Family Account on the basis
of the sharing formula.

23 The second point raised in relation to the debiting of the Estate’s
accounts with the sum of 110,000 ringgit in respect of each brother was that
such debit operated to estop Chidambaram from denying that each of the four
brothers had made an equal contribution to the purchase of the two properties.
There are two answers to this. First, for estoppel to operate vis-à-vis
Chidambaram, there must be reliance and detriment on Subramanian’s part. No
such reliance and detriment were put forward. Secondly, as stated above, it
does not follow from the fact that each of the brothers made an equal
contribution to the purchase, that each of them had a 25% interest in the
properties. It was open to the parties to agree on a different method of
determining their respective interests in the assets of the Family Account and
this was what the trial judge found as a fact had happened.

24 The sharing arrangement with respect to the Family Account was a question
of fact. That question was determined by the trial judge. We are not convinced
that his decision was against the weight of the evidence or plainly wrong.
Accordingly, the appeal on this issue must be dismissed. Before we move on to
the next issue, however, we would like to comment on Ms Lim’s submission that
the sharing formula was inherently unfair to Subramanian. She sought to give
examples of different scenarios where applying the formula would have results
that were absurd and unfair and argued that no reasonable person would have
agreed to such a formula. We see no merit in this argument. The scenarios
given were hypothetical and none of them eventuated. More importantly,
Annamalai had given evidence in favour of the formula and in the end whether
it operated unfairly or not is really a matter of perspective rather than a
matter that is objectively verifiable. Subramanian’s plight might invite
sympathy as he has to repay the sum he has overdrawn, he has to pay interest
and yet he is not entitled to any share in the two properties. One must not
forget, however, that he has had the benefit not only of all the money that he
originally contributed to the Family Account and then took out, but also the
benefit of the sum that he had overdrawn from the account. To ask him to repay
the overdrawn amount is not unfair. To deny him a share in the properties
bearing in mind that he had taken out even what he said he put in to pay for
them is not unfair either since there was an agreement from the beginning as
to how the investments were to be shared at the end of the day.

25 In the course of our consideration of this issue, one matter has come to
our attention. During cross-examination, Chidambaram admitted that the 440,000
ringgit which had been remitted to his personal bank account from the Estate’s
account in December 1983 had subsequently been credited as part of his
contribution to the Family Account. As he had been repaid all monies expended
for the two properties, he should not have been credited with 440,000 ringgit
in the Family Account when the properties were put into the investment
portfolio. He should only have been credited with 110,000 ringgit. Also, the
accounts produced seem to show that the other three brothers had not been
given a credit of the equivalent of 110,000 ringgit each in the Family Account
even though they had each paid Chidambaram this sum towards the Family
Account. Thus, Chidambaram appears to have obtained a double benefit from the
decision to put the properties into the Family Account. It would seem that in
this respect at least the Family Account must be amended to show Subramanian’s
contribution of 110,000 ringgit in 1983.

**Issue (2) – Is Subramanian entitled to a 25% share in the fixed deposits
with IOB and ING?**

26 As at December 1999, there was a credit of $97,210.64 in the IOB fixed
deposit account which forms part of the Family Account. Pursuant to an order
of court this sum of money is currently held by the parties’ solicitors in
equal share as stakeholders pending the resolution of this case. It was
submitted for Subramanian that he is entitled to 25% of this money. In support
of this submission, Ms Lim sought to show that over the years identical sums
of money were regularly taken from each of the four brothers’ personal
accounts on the same day and deposited into Chidambaram’s account. It was
argued that such a pattern of withdrawal supported his case that the agreement
was for investments to be shared equally and paid for equally by each of them.

27 As submitted by Ms Deborah Barker, SC, counsel for Chidambaram, the judge’s
finding that there was an agreement for investments under the Family Account
to be divided in proportion to net contributions must apply both to fixed
deposits as well as to property. Since we have upheld that finding in relation
to the properties, the appeal in relation to the fixed deposits must be
dismissed as well. In any case, whilst in relation to the properties,
Subramanian could rely on an admission by Chidambaram that he had debited sums
from the Estate’s funds with the intention that each of the four brothers was
to contribute equally to the acquisition of the properties, here there is no
such admission. All Subramanian can rely on is a ‘pattern of withdrawal’. This
so-called pattern is too innocuous to establish that there was indeed an
agreement that equal contributions were to be made for the investments and,
consequently, the investments should also be divided equally. The burden was
on Subramanian to prove that, on a balance of probabilities, there was such an
agreement to contribute equally to the investments and in turn to benefit
equally from them. The judge held that he failed to discharge this burden of
proof and the so-called pattern is not a sufficient basis for us to hold that
the trial judge’s finding on the facts was wrong.

**Issue (3) – Is Chidambaram liable to account to Subramanian for his share of
all the joint investments made for the benefit of the four brothers?**

28 Subramanian is asking for an order that Chidambaram account to him for his
share of all investments made on behalf of the Family Account. What he wants
is a substantiated statement showing the investments that were made, the
income earned from these investments, the capital appreciation of the
investments, if any, and the capital depreciation (losses incurred) of the
investments, if any. This account is required in particular to disclose the
position of the Family Account in relation to currency trading transactions
undertaken by Chidambaram.

29 Before this action commenced, Subramanian had asked Chidambaram from time
to time to account to him for all the joint investments made but no such
accounts were provided. In the course of the trial, Subramanian applied to the
judge to order Chidambaram to provide a summary of the profit and losses of
the joint investments. The judge held that Chidambaram had to account for the
funds in the Family Account from the very beginning, detailing every gain and
every loss and furnishing a balance sheet of the assets and liabilities. On 23
January 2002, after the close of Subramanian’s case, Chidambaram produced the
accounts in a bundle of documents which was marked as 5PWB. Subsequently
Chidambaram submitted a revised set of documents, labelled by the court below
as ‘New 5PWB’.

30 At ¶44 of his judgment, the trial judge held:

Finally, I address Chidambaram’s obligations to render accounts to the 2
brothers. He has verified his original accounts marked as exhibit "5PWB". He
has verified all accounts and has taken in all the inadvertent but minor
‘errors and omissions’ and has produced to the court a revised exhibit, the
"New 5PWB". They reflect all monies available in the 4 Brothers Accounts for
investment over the years and all income received on the investments just
before the conclusion of the hearing. In my judgment, he has fulfilled his
obligation to account to Arunachalam.

31 The essence of Subramanian’s complaint is that Chidambaram did not, in the
New 5PWB, include Subramanian’s share of the joint investments and thus when
the judge accepted the New 5PWB, he did not complete the proper taking of
accounts between the parties. Further, the New 5PWB was filed at a late stage
and Subramanian did not have an opportunity to verify the accuracy or
completeness of the accounts. Hence, it should be rejected and new accounts
should be filed.

32 With respect to the judge, we do not consider that the documents labelled
New 5PWB should have been admitted as satisfying the obligation that the judge
himself recognised on the part of Chidambaram to give proper accounts of all
investments carried out and how these had to be attributed to Subramanian
without Subramanian having had the opportunity of examining and verifying the
accounts. The question that had to be considered in the accounts was whether
Chidambaram had properly taken into account the various sums contributed by
Subramanian to the Family Account and his share of the investments at the time
when he was not in an overdrawn position. This was not answered as the New
5PWB did not take into account the interest earned and the profits made by the
investments during the time when Subramanian had a positive balance in the
accounts. As the judge had held that the sharing formula had been agreed upon
by the brothers, it would have been fair and consistent with that holding for
the interest and profits to be taken into account in calculating the amount
that Subramanian had truly overdrawn from the Family Account. It was premature
to conclude that Subramanian had overdrawn some $1.78 million from the Family
Account when he had not yet been able to challenge the New 5PWB and the court
had not ruled on its accuracy in the light of his challenges.

33 We therefore agree that the New 5PWB should not have been accepted. The
appeal on this issue must be allowed.

**Issue (4) – Is Subramanian liable to pay interest on the overdrawn amount
and if so, at what rate?**

34 The judge found that there was an agreement between the brothers to charge
interest on sums overdrawn on the Family Account. He further held that the
parties had agreed that the rate of interest chargeable would be the family
rate. In effect, he accepted the evidence of Chidambaram and Annamalai
supporting the existence of these two agreements in preference to that of
Subramanian and Arunachalam who denied any such agreements had been made.

35 On appeal, Ms Lim submitted that the judge’s finding was against the weight
of the evidence. Apart from the testimony of Subramanian and Arunachalam, she
relied on the fact that there were no accounts or records with respect to the
computation of interest prior to October 2000 when the suit was brought. She
also argued that at the time of entering the arrangement, the brothers
contemplated receiving large sums of money and therefore could not have
contemplated overdrawing, much less considered the issue of paying interest on
overdrawn sums.

36 In our judgment, there was sufficient evidence to support the judge’s
finding. Whilst it was odd that a meticulous man like Chidambaram did not keep
accounts of the interest accruing on amounts overdrawn by Subramanian until
the action was started, that in itself cannot mean that there was no agreement
to pay interest. Further, the failure to keep a detailed set of accounts with
regard to interest could be considered as consistent with the sharing formula
which was that the calculation of each brother’s share in the account would
float until the point that the brother wanted to leave it. Prior to the exit
of a particular brother, there would be no need to calculate the interest
component. Further, Subramanian himself had acted in a manner that was
consistent with an agreement to pay interest. On various occasions, he wrote
out cheques from his personal account and indicated on the cheque stub that
the amount was being paid as ‘interest to 4 Bros A/c’. He was not able to give
a satisfactory explanation of why he had written words which indicated that
the cheques were used to pay interest for the purposes of the Family Account.
Finally, Annamalai put the case for an agreement on interest very well when he
testified that it would be of no benefit to him to have a Family Account from
which any brother could withdraw sums (and thus reduce the amount available
for investment) without being responsible for paying interest on the amount
withdrawn. Logically, therefore, there was every reason for an agreement on
interest.

37 The finding on the existence of an agreement to pay interest was a finding
of fact which was well within the judge’s province in view of the evidence
before him. We see no reason to disturb this finding.

38 The second part of this issue relates to the applicable interest rate. Here
again, the judge’s finding was based on the evidence of Chidambaram and
Annamalai. He accepted the account that the four brothers had sat down,
considered that the rate of 1% per month compounded hitherto charged by one
family member when another had sought to borrow money from him was too high
and therefore came to the conclusion that, for the Family Account, interest of
9% per annum would be charged instead. There is no reason to disturb this
finding. Subramanian’s contention was that no interest at all was payable. His
own documents gave the lie to that assertion. No doubt there was some
discrepancy between the rate claimed by Chidambaram and the rate paid by
Subramanian (12% per annum as reflected in the cheque stubs). The judge,
however, was entitled to find that the applicable rate was the lower rate
claimed by Chidambaram especially since Subramanian’s quarrel was with the
concept of interest payment itself and not with the particular rate.

**Issue (5) – Did Subramanian overdraw $1,781,913.02 from the Family Account**

39 In view of our holdings at ¶25 and 32 above, it is not possible to uphold
the judge’s finding that the sum overdrawn by Subramanian was exactly
$1,781,913.02. We have now to consider whether apart from taking into account
those holdings in the calculations any other amounts should be added to or
taken away from the same. In the court below, Subramanian took issue with a
number of deductions made against him in the Family Account. He also contended
that he had not been credited with various sums paid out from his personal
account and paid into accounts belonging to Chidambaram solely or to
Chidambaram and his wife. Subramanian raised these issues again on appeal.

_(a) The withdrawals from OCBC Bank_

40 The first of these issues involves monies totalling $348,277 which were
withdrawn from Subramanian’s OCBC account and deposited into either
Chidambaram’s own account or into the joint account of the latter and his
wife. The withdrawals can be grouped into four categories:

(i) cheque no. 056553 for the sum of $200,000;

(ii) cheque for the sum of $29,375;

(iii) cheque nos. 056556, 056560, 056564 and 056566 for the total sum of
$109,902; and

(iv) cheque no. 56565 for the sum of $9,000.

We will take these in turn.

41 Subramanian alleged that Chidambaram had asked him to sign a stack of blank
cheques so as to facilitate the movement of funds from the Estate’s account to
Subramanian’s personal OCBC account and then to the Family Account. His case
was that upon discovery of documents, he had found that various cheques drawn
on his personal OCBC account had been deposited in the joint account of
Chidambaram and his wife. The first of the cheques listed above, that for
$200,000, was one such cheque. Subramanian claimed that this particular cheque
was intended as a contribution from him to the Family Account and should have
been credited as such even though the money actually went into Chidambaram’s
personal account.

42 Chidambaram’s position was that he had never collected pre-signed blank
cheques from Subramanian. In respect of this first cheque, he admitted that
this sum of $200,000 had been paid into his joint account with his wife and
claimed that it was given to him in repayment for monies he had advanced to
Subramanian:

(a) for living expenses, totalling some $700,000; and

(b) by way of the deposit of a sum of $250,000 with the Economic Development
Board in the late 1970s to facilitate Subramanian’s application to be a
Singapore permanent resident (‘PR’).

43 This is an issue which falls to be decided on the burden of proof.
Subramanian, having alleged that although his money had been paid into
Chidambaram’s personal account it should have been credited to him in the
Family Account, has the burden of proving this. Subramanian admitted that he
himself had not provided the deposit to support his PR application. Initially
he asserted that he had borrowed the necessary amount from his father. His
father had had sufficient funds to make the loan because he had received about
$1.7 million in compensation for the compulsory acquisition of land that he
owned in Kuala Lumpur. Under further cross-examination, however, when it was
put to Subramanian that it was Chidambaram who had made the $250,000 deposit
on his behalf, he replied:

I do not know about that. I know about the opening of the account. I was told
that money had been put into this account. Plaintiff [ie Chidambaram] and my
father put money into this account. I do not know any details about this.

When asked again whether the source of the money was Chidambaram, his reply
was equally equivocal:

I can’t say if this money was put in, but my father was alive then. My father
could have deposited it.

44 It appears to us that Subramanian had not met his burden of showing on a
balance of probabilities that his father was indeed the source of the funds.
He was equivocal about whether his father or his brother had provided the
money and the fact that the father might have had enough money from the land
acquisition compensation to provide the deposit on Subramanian’s behalf does
not mean that he actually did. Further, whilst the father’s estate duty
affidavit records small loans owing from Venkatachalam and Annamalai to him,
there was nothing stated about a loan of $250,000 made to Subramanian. The
only loan to Subramanian which the father recorded was in respect of a sum of
260 ringgit. Considering that a record was kept of such a small loan, it is
inconceivable that a larger loan would not have been recorded by the father.
Accordingly, no adjustment needs to be made to the accounts in respect of the
sum of $200,000.

45 As regards the second amount of $29,375, the statement from OCBC Bank
produced by Subramanian shows that on 2 July 1987 a cheque payment for $29,375
was paid into his personal account. On the same day, cheque no. 056558 in the
sum of $29,375 was paid out and the amount debited against the account. On 3
July, the account was re-credited with $29,375 against the notation ‘RTN
CHEQUE’. Finally, on 4 July 1987, cheque 056558 for $29,375 was paid out again
and the account debited with that amount. It would seem from the foregoing
that cheque 056558 originally paid out on 2 July, was returned on 3 July and
then paid out again on 4 July.

46 On the other hand, the statement issued by IOB in respect of Chidambaram’s
personal account shows that on 1 July 1987, three sums of $29,375 each were
credited into this account. On 2 July 1987, a fourth sum of $29,375 emanating
from a cheque drawn on another bank was paid into the account. It could be
contended that this fourth sum came from Subramanian since on 2 July 1987, his
OCBC account had reflected the payment out of $29,375. Chidambaram’s
statement, however, does not show that that same sum was debited against his
account on 3 July and repaid into it on 4 July. After 2 July, for the whole
month of July, Chidambaram did not receive any further payment in the amount
of $29,375. The bank statements do not support Subramanian’s case that cheque
no. 056558 was paid to Chidambaram on either 2 or 4 July 1987. Accordingly, he
has not discharged the onus of proof in relation to this payment.

47 The next four cheques were cash cheques dated on various dates in 1987 and
1988 for sums ranging between $25,090 and $29,362. The total paid was
$109,902. Subramanian said these were all paid to Chidambaram and referred to
the latter’s bank statements for the relevant periods to show that there were
sometimes two (and at other times three) other entries for exactly the same
amount on the same date. Subramanian therefore contended that these amounts
were actually his contributions to the Family Account and that he should be
given credit for the same.

48 Chidambaram acknowledged receipt of these monies but under cross-
examination, contended that they were repayments for loans which he had
obtained from his business associate, Mahmood, from time to time and passed on
to Subramanian and the other two brothers. That was why the other three
brothers had paid him similar amounts from time to time ie so that he could
repay Mahmood accordingly. Under cross-examination, Chidambaram admitted that
he did not have any documents evidencing the loans he had taken from Mahmood.
He said that Mahmood was an old friend of his father who had seen him grow up.
He had lent money for Chidambaram’s education at Harvard University.

49 Overall, Chidambaram’s evidence on why Subramanian had paid him these four
sums of money was not consistent nor credible. In his first affidavit of
evidence in chief he had denied receiving the monies on the basis that there
were no documents supporting the payments and that even if they had been made
to himself or his wife they would have had nothing to do with the Family
Account. Then, in his supplementary affidavit he went on to say that even if
the amounts had been received by him, they must have been payments made by
Subramanian pursuant to his promise to repay the $250,000 deposit placed with
the Economic Development Board. It was only under cross-examination that he
recalled that these were payments that he had had to reimburse to his business
associate, Mahmood. The original assertion that the payments had nothing to do
with the Family Account did not sit well with the later assertion that he had
borrowed money on behalf of all four brothers from Mahmood. If there had been
such an arrangement, surely it would have been mentioned in his first
affidavit and would not have come out only in cross-examination? The admission
that no accounts were kept of the loans between Chidambaram and Mahmood was a
further indication that no loans had been made bearing in mind that
Chidambaram was a meticulous man in regard to accounts. Chidambaram’s stand
was further undermined by Annamalai’s evidence during cross-examination that
there were no loan arrangements between himself and Chidambaram between 1986
and 1990. Arunachalam too did not support Chidambaram’s assertion of loans
taken from Mahmood.

50 On the balance of probabilities therefore, Subramanian succeeded in proving
that he had paid the total sum of $109,902 to Chidambaram to be used by the
latter for the purposes of the Family Account. Chidambaram’s alternative
defence to this claim was that it was time barred as the payments were made in
1987 and 1988. However, this was not a straightforward case of a debt which
could not be recovered more than six years after repayment fell due. For one
thing, the Family Account was a running account and in such a case time would
not start to run until the account was closed. That happened only in 1998.
Having received Subramanian’s funds for this account, Chidambaram could not
unilaterally change the nature of the receipt by failing to credit the monies
to the account and keeping them for his own use. Alternatively, considering
the circumstances of the payments to Chidambaram, he became trustee of the
same (under a resulting trust) rather than a debtor. Therefore the appropriate
section of the Limitation Act (Cap 163) to be considered would be s 22 which
provides:

22\. – (1) No period of limitation prescribed by this Act shall apply to an
action by a beneficiary under a trust, being an action –

…

(b) to recover from the trustee trust property or the proceeds thereof in the
possession of the trustee, or previously received by the trustee and converted
to his use.

(2) Subject to subsection (1), an action by a beneficiary to recover trust
property or in respect of any breach of trust, not being an action for which a
period of limitation is prescribed by any other provision of this Act, shall
not be brought after the expiration of 6 years from the date on which the
right of action accrued.

The cheques were paid into Chidambaram’s personal account and the sums of
money so received cannot now be distinguished from his personal funds. This
situation therefore falls squarely under s 22(1)(b) of the Limitation Act and
not s 22(2). On either view of the matter, Subramanian’s claim is not time
barred.

51 We now come to the question of how this claim should be dealt with. The
money should have been paid into the Family Account and Subramanian should
have been given credit for it. As Chidambaram retained it for his own benefit,
we consider that he must be treated as having borrowed this sum of $109,902
from the Family Account and as being liable to repay it together with interest
at the family rate. The repayment must be made forthwith. Thus, the new
accounts to be rendered by Chidambaram to Subramanian must reflect these
payments in by Subramanian and also the interest payable on the same by
Chidambaram from the dates of the respective cheques until the date(s) when he
makes repayment of the principal amounts into the Family Account.

52 Next was the claim for $9,000 being the amount of cheque no. 056565 which
was debited from Subramanian’s OCBC account on 28 June 1988. Subramanian was
not able to produce the cheque itself. The evidence of the payment came solely
from his bank statement. The basis on which Subramanian said this money had
been paid into the account of Chidambaram and his wife was that, on or about
the same day, amounts of $9,000 each were also deducted from Arunachalam’s
account, Annamalai’s account and a joint account held by Chidambaram and
Subramanian. During cross-examination, Chidambaram’s attention was drawn to
the statement of the joint account of himself and his wife which showed two
credit entries of $18,000 each on 28 June 1988 and he was asked whether he
accepted that one of those entries of $9,000 came from Subramanian’s cheque
for $9,000. His eventual answer was ‘Yes’. His explanation as to why he
received these sums from the other brothers was the same as for the $109,902
ie that the sums were for repayment of loans made by Mahmood.

53 This sum of $9,000 must therefore be treated in the same way as the
$109,902. Chidambaram must repay the same with interest to the Family Account
and Subramanian must be credited with a contribution of $9,000 in the accounts
of the Family Account.

_(b) No credit for US$200,000 paid from Subramanian’s personal IOB US$
account_

54 Subramanian claimed in the court below that he should have been given
credit for a contribution of US$200,000 which he made to the Family Account in
August 1986.

55 The undisputed facts relating to this claim were that on 20 August 1986,
Chidambaram made a distribution from the Estate and accordingly two sums of
US$200,000 each were remitted from the Estate’s account to the personal US
dollar bank accounts of Chidambaram and Subramanian. On 22 August 1986, two
sums of US$82,500 each were credited into the Family Account. One of these
sums was recorded as being the contribution of Chidambaram to the Family
Account. The other sum was not attributed to any brother.

56 Subramanian claimed that the sum of US$200,000 had been transferred out of
his US dollar account on the instructions of Chidambaram and that US$82,500 of
the amount transferred out was put into the Family Account whilst the balance
was retained by Chidambaram. Chidambaram denied those allegations on the basis
that Subramanian had full control over his personal US dollar account with IOB
and that any dealings with funds in that account would have been done by
Subramanian himself.

57 Ms Lim submitted that the US$82,500 must have represented a contribution
from Subramanian since only he and Annamalai had personal US dollar accounts
and no such sum was debited from Annamalai’s US dollar account at that time.
In this regard, it should be noted that Annamalai’s position was that his
total contribution in US dollars aggregated US$106,817.14. He produced bank
statements showing that this total was derived from contributions made in July
1987 and August 1991. Annamalai did not produce any statement of account for
August 1986. The clear inference is that he did not claim to be the originator
of the second sum of US$82,500 deposited on 22 August 1986.

58 Under cross-examination, Chidambaram agreed that it was possible to make a
logical argument that the amount of US$82,500 should be credited to
Subramanian but asserted that he had no means of verifying whether the amount
had actually come from Subramanian.

59 Subramanian further claimed that Chidambaram had thereafter transferred the
entire sum of US$165,000 from the Family Account into his personal joint
account with his wife. There was no documentary evidence of this. When an
order was made that IOB produce bank statements for the relevant period in
respect of the joint account of Chidambaram and his wife, one Mr
Ranjantheeran, an officer from IOB, affirmed that the bank could no longer
find records for the relevant period.

60 Subramanian was not able to produce any statement of account to show either
the receipt of the US$200,000 on 20 August or the outward remittance of
US$82,500 and US$117,500 on 22 August 1986. While this lack made it more
difficult for him to prove his case, we consider that he did discharge the
onus on him in respect of the US$82,500 deposit into the Family Account. This
is because the bank statements of the Family Account show receipt of the two
sums of US$82,500 on that day and it was accepted that whilst one of these
came from Chidambaram, the other one could have come only from Annamalai or
Subramanian. Annamalai made no claim to have contributed that money to the
Family Account. Chidambaram recognised the logic of the argument that in the
circumstances the contribution came from Subramanian but asserted that he had
no way of verifying whether the money had actually come from Subramanian. This
assertion was disingenuous on Chidambaram’s part as he was the one who kept
the accounts and was responsible for recording the contributions accurately.
He was able to record his own contribution. He should have known the source of
the other US$82,500 deposited on the same day. If it was not immediately
apparent to him at the time whom it came from, he should have made enquiries.
Accordingly, since in the circumstances the only logical and probable
explanation is that this money came from Subramanian it should be credited to
his balance in the Family Account.

61 As far as the remaining US$117,500 is concerned, however, there is nothing
to indicate where it went to. Subramanian has not made out a case to show that
Chidambaram received it.

_(c) Payments from the Family Account to Phillip Commodities_

62 In 1988 or 1989 Chidambaram and his wife opened accounts with Phillip
Commodities (Pte) Ltd (‘PCPL’) so that they could trade in commodities.
Subsequently, Subramanian and his wife also established trading accounts with
PCPL. Subramanian said that this had been done at the suggestion of
Chidambaram so as to enable Chidambaram to trade in higher volumes and on the
understanding that all trades done would be for their joint benefit and in
equal shares. Subramanian had agreed and therefore he and his wife gave
Chidambaram their respective powers of attorney to trade and operate their
accounts. Monies from the Family Account were used for this trade. Over the
years Chidambaram paid out $704,164.78 from the Family Account for the trade
and only paid in $203,627 as receipts of the trade. The net result was that
the Family Account paid out $500,537.78 more than it received. This last sum
was debited to Subramanian as being his withdrawal from the Family Account.
Subramanian challenged that debit and asserted that he should only have been
debited with 50% of the net amount.

63 Subramanian’s case was that he had an agreement with Chidambaram whereby
Chidambaram would trade on Subramanian’s joint account with his wife for the
joint benefit of Chidambaram and Subramanian. He alleged that since there was
an agreement for joint benefit there should similarly be joint liability in
the event that the trading resulted in loss. Further, Subramanian alleged that
Chidambaram had, without authority, moved funds from Subramanian’s trading
account to the accounts of members of Chidambaram’s family. He wanted
Chidambaram to account for him for the losses sustained when Chidambaram used
these monies to trade on behalf of himself and his family members.

64 Chidambaram asserted that there was never any agreement between Subramanian
and himself that transactions carried out under his or his wife’s account with
PCPL would be for the benefit of Subramanian and himself or for the Family
Account. Further, there was no agreement or understanding that he would be
free to trade using the accounts of Subramanian and his wife for the benefit
of Subramanian and his wife or for the Family Account and he had never done
this. He further said that at times Subramanian had asked him to arrange for
the deposit of monies into the accounts of Subramanian and his wife with PCPL.
In dealing with such requests, Chidambaram had either arranged for the
transfer of money from the accounts of himself and his family members with
PCPL or, if there were no available funds in such accounts, had arranged for
money to be remitted from ING to the Family Account and then to the account of
Subramanian or his wife with PCPL. Chidambaram went on to say that he was not
authorised to give instructions for trading in respect of the accounts of
Subramanian and his wife. As a matter of convenience, however, Subramanian did
authorise him from time to time to give instructions to PCPL to transfer
monies out of his account and that of his wife. The shift in Chidambaram’s
evidence is apparent.

65 Subramanian did not produce copies of the powers of attorney that he and
his wife had given to Chidambaram. He did, however, adduce the evidence of an
employee of PCPL, one Mr Chan Kong Ming, who testified that more than 99% of
the instructions for trade in relation to accounts of Subramanian and his wife
had come from Chidambaram. Mr Chan had dealt with Subramanian himself only
three times during the course of the relationship. This evidence from an
independent party showed that Chidambaram had been untruthful in his
assertions that he had not traded on behalf of Subramanian.

66 The fact that Chidambaram gave instructions on Subramanian’s account,
however, does not necessarily lead to the conclusion that all trading done
with PCPL was for their joint benefit. Even without an agreement for joint
benefit to accrue, Subramanian could have allowed Chidambaram to trade on his
account for a variety of reasons. As was pointed out during the trial,
Chidambaram was much better educated than Subramanian and was highly respected
by Subramanian because he was the eldest brother and also because of his
education and abilities. Subramanian could well have felt inadequate about how
or when to trade and therefore relied on the business acuity of Chidambaram to
carry out transactions on behalf of himself and his wife. In our judgment,
Subramanian had not proven the existence of the alleged agreement between
himself and Chidambaram in relation to PCPL accounts.

67 The remaining issue is whether the transfers of funds from Subramanian’s
and his wife’s accounts with PCPL to accounts of Chidambaram and other members
of his family were authorised. Chidambaram’s position on this was somewhat
odd. He admitted having transferred funds into the accounts of Subramanian and
his wife from the accounts of himself and other members of his family. He also
asserted that from time to time Subramanian authorised him to give
instructions to PCPL to transfer monies out of the accounts of Subramanian and
his wife. He then said that he used the power of attorney given to him by
Subramanian only to transfer specified amounts with his consent to ‘our’ PCPL
accounts. Since Chidambaram admitted having effected such transfers to the
accounts of third parties (ie accounts not belonging to Subramanian or his
wife) we take the view that it was up to him to prove that the transfers were
authorised. He has not produced the power of attorney nor given specific
evidence as to which transfers were the subject of specific authorisations
rather than the general authorisation under the power of attorney or how the
transfers were justified in relation to the powers given to him to trade and
manage Subramanian’s and his wife’s accounts under their respective powers of
attorney. In the absence of such evidence, our view is that Chidambaram must
account to Subramanian for all transfers of funds from the accounts of
Subramanian or his wife to third parties and deduct the amount of these monies
from the withdrawals made from the Family Account on Subramanian’s behalf to
support the PCPL trades. However, Subramanian did admit that monies from these
other parties were also put into his and his wife’s account. To be fair, such
monies must be set off against the monies paid out to the third parties (the
set-offs to operate on a one-to-one basis) and only the net debit in each case
re-credited to Subramanian. The total of these net debits must be treated as
Chidambaram’s borrowings from the Family Account and must be repaid to the
Family Account with interest.

_(d) $159,640.95 debited from the Family Account in relation to Alambon Tools_

68 From the inception of Alambon Tools in 1977 Chidambaram was its managing
director. Subramanian became an alternate director of the company in 1978 and
a full director in June 1982. From 1989, the only business activity of the
company was managing certain properties it owned and collecting rental. In the
accounts rendered by Chidambaram, a sum of $159,640.95 was debited to
Subramanian’s account in relation to certain transactions involving Alambon
Tools. Subramanian challenged this debit. His position was that the payments
that he took from Alambon Tools, which amounted to an average of $400 per
month for the period when he worked at Alambon Tools, represented his drawings
in lieu of salary as agreed with Chidambaram and had nothing to do with the
Family Account.

69 Chidambaram disagreed and justified that debit from the Family Account in a
rather complicated fashion. He asserted that at all material times he had had
a credit balance of least $300,000 with Alambon Tools arising from advances
that he had made to the company. Subramanian had from time to time asked to be
allowed to withdraw sums of money from the company. Chidambaram alleged that
he acceded to these requests on a particular basis, what we will call ‘the
circular scheme’. Using a hypothetical situation where Subramanian withdrew
$10,000 from Alambon Tools, the circular scheme was supposed to operate as
follows:

Subramanian withdrew $10,000 from Alambon Tools

Chidambaram’s credit balance with Alambon Tools was reduced by $10,000

Subramanian deemed to have _withdrawn_ $10,000 from the Family Account

Chidambaram deemed to have _contributed_ $10,000 into the Family Account

Net effect:

_Chidambaram_ _Subramanian_

Alambon Tools: credit balance - $10,000 Gets benefit of $10,000 (ie +$10k)

Family Account: +$10,000 -$10,000

70 Chidambaram claimed that there were two tranches of withdrawals totalling
$159,640.95. The first tranche arose from his agreement on 8 August 1981 that
Alambon Tools would provide Subramanian with a credit facility of $55,000.
Subramanian had utilised this credit facility by making withdrawals through a
series of 13 cheques drawn on the company between 21 March 1995 and October
1997. As regards the second tranche, it was done through the drawing of
cheques from 1 May 1995 to 3 May 1998. Chidambaram had the burden of proving
that the debit in the Family Account was correct. In our view, he did not
discharge that burden in relation to either of the two tranches.

71 As regards the first tranche, his claim was that the credit facility of
$55,000 was agreed in 1991 on the basis that it would be treated as a
withdrawal from the Family Account by Subramanian and a contribution to the
Family Account by Chidambaram. A perusal of the accounts submitted by
Chidambaram himself does not show any entry in 1991 where he was given a
credit of $55,000. In fact, nowhere in his accounts can such an entry be
found. Secondly, the claim that the amount of this loan was $55,000 was
inaccurate. As stated earlier, Chidambaram had asserted that this sum was
utilised by Subramanian through the cashing of 13 cheques. From the cheque
stubs, it appears that the sum total of these cheques was $60,000 and not
$55,000. Thirdly, it was not believable that Subramanian would ask for a
credit facility in 1991, presumably because he needed money then, but only
start using that facility four years later.

72 As regards the second tranche, Chidambaram had alleged that these payments,
were also part of the circular scheme. To establish this, Chidambaram had to
show that the accounting entries reflected that scheme. He was not able,
however, to show that these withdrawals were sufficiently linked to the Family
Account. When his accounts are compared with the accounts of the monies
received for the Singapore dollar account of the Family Account, one is not
able to find the sums withdrawn by Subramanian being credited to Chidambaram
as his contributions. As the circular scheme was not reflected in the
accounts, the likelihood is that it never existed.

73 The judge did not deal in detail with this issue when he found that the
accounts accurately reflected Subramanian’s overdrawings from the Family
Account. His only reference to it was the statement that ‘Subramanian had
overdrawn substantially from the [Family Account], directly from the bank
accounts designated for the [Family Account] or indirectly from Chidambaram
vide Alambon Tools’. No reasons for this finding were given. In our judgment
it was against the weight of the evidence and Subramanian’s appeal on this
issue should be allowed.

_(e) Debit of $147,415_

74 This issue relates to four cheques drawn on the IOB current account for the
Family Account between December 1988 and March 1990. The total amount involved
is $147,415. The amounts of these cheques have been entered into the Family
Account as withdrawals made by Subramanian. Subramanian disputed these entries
as the cheques had been paid into the joint account of Chidambaram and his
wife. Chidambaram accepted having received the monies. He asserted that the
four cheques represented repayment by Subramanian of monies the latter owed
him and that was why the debit entries in Subramanian’s account in the Family
Account had been correctly made.

75 Chidambaram having taken the money bore the burden of proving he was
entitled to it. The paragraphs of the respondent’s case dealing with these
cheques averted to Chidambaram’s explanation that his brothers had, at his
request, made payments to him in respect of their outstanding commitments to
him. Chidambaram would request them to make a payment towards their
liabilities when he was himself requested to make such a payment by Mahmood.
Ms Barker pointed out that two of the four cheque stubs in question were
filled in by Subramanian himself (the other two were filled in by Chidambaram)
and contended that this action showed that Subramanian was fully aware that
all these cheques were being debited against his name in the Family Account
and that he was agreeable to the debits.

76 In our judgment, Chidambaram has not succeeded in explaining why amounts
put in to his bank account should be recorded as withdrawals by Subramanian
from the Family Account. He has not adduced any evidence to establish the
outstanding loans due to Mahmood. In the absence of such evidence he cannot
establish that these amounts were paid to him to repay Mahmood. As regards the
argument that two of the four cheque stubs were written in Subramanian’s
handwriting, with due respect to counsel, this argument proves nothing. First,
it was not established that it was Subramanian’s handwriting on those cheque
stubs. Secondly, even if it had been, that does not mean that he was aware
that the amounts paid out would be debited against his account or that he
consented to this. It is quite possible that Subramanian simply acted in
accordance with Chidambaram’s instructions without knowing what accounting
entries would be made.

77 The sum of $147,415 must therefore be treated as having been borrowed from
the Family Account by Chidambaram who must repay it to the Family Account
together with interest at the family rate. At the same time, the accounts must
be corrected so that the sum is no longer debited against Subramanian’s
account.

_(f) Debit of $28,836.66_

78 This sum of $28,836.66 that was debited against Subramanian in the Family
Account was the amount of a cheque drawn on the IOB current account and paid
to one Sankaralingam in May 1997. The cheque was signed by Subramanian but he
asserted that he had made this payment to Sankaralingam on Chidambaram’s
instructions. Allegedly Chidambaram had been trading on Sankaralingam’s
trading account on the latter’s behalf and the $28,836.66 was the amount due
to Sankaralingam when the account was closed. As Chidambaram was in Kuala
Lumpur at the material time, Subramanian paid out this cheque on his brother’s
behalf.

79 In support of his assertion, Subramanian tried to rely on a letter dated 28
February 1999 from Sankaralingam. Unfortunately, by the date of the trial,
Sankaralingam had died and was unable to prove the authenticity of the letter
and its contents. The letter was therefore inadmissible, as hearsay. There
was, however, other independent evidence which supported Subramanian’s
allegation. This came from two bank officers from ING. One of them produced a
copy of the power of attorney that Sankaralingam had given Chidambaram to
authorise the latter to deal with his trading account with ING. The other
officer, one Geraldine Siew, testified that Chidambaram had traded on
Sankaralingam’s account on eight occasions.

80 Chidambaram’s evidence was that he had never traded on behalf of
Sankaralingam. He admitted that he had on one occasion given Sankaralingam a
cheque for $51,710.64 but did not agree that that cheque was given in
connection with his foreign exchange investments on Sankaralingam’s account.
His explanation was that the cheque represented a personal commitment he had
to Sankaralingam. Subsequently, however, Chidambaram agreed that he had had
communications with officers of ING about Sankaralingam’s account and that he
had introduced many friends of his to ING of whom Sankaralingam was one. He
also admitted having helped Sankaralingam explain his requirements to the
bank.

81 On this issue, Subramanian’s evidence was more credible than that of
Chidambaram. He showed that, contrary to Chidambaram’s sworn statement,
Chidambaram had had authority to operate Sankaralingam’s account with ING and
had in fact traded in that account. Chidambaram’s evidence on the account with
Sankaralingam was, to put it mildly, unreliable. We find that Subramanian had,
on the balance of probabilities, established that the $28,836.66 was paid to
Sankaralingam on Chidambaram’s instructions. This amount must be treated as a
loan taken by Chidambaram from the Family Account and must be repaid by him to
the Family Account with interest at the family rate.

_(g) Debit of $17,775 representing rupee payments_

82 The appeal under this head pertains to two cheques issued from the IOB
current account on 1 and 8 August 1988 respectively. Chidambaram claimed that
Subramanian had the benefit of the proceeds of the two cheques. His claim was
based on the fact that the initials ‘AS’ appeared on each of the two cheque
stubs as well as on his assertion that Subramanian had asked for these cash
cheques to be made out to himself to facilitate some rupee payments for
Arunachalam. It should be noted that the handwriting on the cheque stubs was
that of Chidambaram himself. Subramanian denied that these cheques were for
his benefit and argued that Chidambaram had not adduced sufficient evidence to
prove that the proceeds of the cheques went to him. He said that he believed
that the two sums had been withdrawn upon Chidambaram’s instructions that the
money be converted into rupees and sent to Arunachalam in India to meet the
latter’s expenses.

83 Chidambaram was inconsistent in his evidence on this. At one point he
acknowledged that there had been a practice of sending rupee remittances to
Arunachalam in India by a so-called ‘black market’ method. Then he corrected
himself by saying that he had simply handed over the cash to Subramanian and
that he did not know whether the money had been sent to Arunachalam. Apart
from this inconsistency, Chidambaram was not able to prove that the money went
into Subramanian’s hands or bank account. He had no receipt from Subramanian.
All he had were the initials ‘AS’ in his own handwriting on the cheque stubs.
In all the circumstances, he was unable to establish that the monies were paid
to Subramanian. The total sum of $17,775 therefore should not have been
debited against Subramanian’s account. Chidambaram must repay it with interest
to the Family Account.

**Issue (6) – Is Chidambaram liable to account to Subramanian for one-fifth of
the commission and interest deducted by Chidambaram as expenses from the funds
of the Estate?**

84 When Chidambaram drew up the accounts of the Estate, he included among the
expenses of the Estate a sum of 255,000 ringgit which he had allegedly paid to
one Mr Sethu as commission in respect of the sale of part of the Estate’s
property and a further sum of 856,373.82 ringgit being interest due to him
arising from amounts which the Estate owed him. These expenses were what
motivated Venkatachalam to start the proceedings in Kuala Lumpur challenging
the Estate’s accounts. In 2001, the High Court in Malaysia upheld
Venkatachalam’s challenge. The matter is apparently under appeal by
Chidambaram.

85 Subramanian contended that the Singapore court should similarly hold that
Chidambaram was not entitled to claim these amounts from the Estate as the
Malaysian court had had the benefit of trying the issues in full and had had
all accounts made available to it. The trial judge ruled on the merits that
Subramanian could not make this claim. In arriving at this decision, he held
that Subramanian had had notice of the final Estate accounts in that he had
been given them by Chidambaram. Subramanian challenged this holding.

86 Chidambaram’s evidence which was accepted by the judge was that by February
1991 the Estate’s assets had been realised and substantially distributed. The
accounts of the Estate were finalised on 30 June 1991. Chidambaram was not
able to give the exact date on when he had given these accounts to
Subramanian. At first, he said that he had handed the document over in the
last week of July 1991. Subsequently, he stated that the accounts were handed
over at the Alambon Tools’ office which the brothers shared. He was shown
evidence that between the end of June and the beginning of September 1991,
Subramanian was in Canada and the United States. Chidambaram then said that he
did not remember the exact date of handing over the accounts to Subramanian.
He only remembered giving him the final set sometime in the third quarter of
1991. The trial judge noted the discrepancy in the evidence but held that it
was minor and not important and in all likelihood Chidambaram had handed
Subramanian the accounts as they were sharing the same office. Having examined
the evidence, in our view it cannot be said that the trial judge was
manifestly wrong in holding that the discrepancy as to when Subramanian was
given the accounts was a minor one. The incident had taken place some 11 years
before the parties appeared to testify in court and it would be unreasonable
to require exactitude in the dates from the witnesses after such a long lapse
of time. We also note that in various parts of the evidence, Subramanian
conceded that he had taken part in the administration of the Estate’s
accounts. Thus, he must have known something about them. The judge’s finding
of fact as to the giving of accounts to Subramanian, was essentially one based
on the credibility of the witnesses on this issue. There is no reason to
disturb it.

87 Given that Subramanian had possession of the Estate’s accounts by the end
of 1991 at the latest, he had the means then to ascertain what amounts had
been taken by Chidambaram from the Estate and to object to them. Such
objections should have been raised within six years of Subramanian becoming
aware of them. Further, these were among the very matters that Venkatachalam
objected to in his action against Chidambaram. Subramanian admitted having
been briefed on some of Venkatachalam’s objections by Chidambaram before he
gave evidence in the Malaysian courts but denied he had been briefed on the
specific ones now in issue. That was an unlikely scenario. In any case
Subramanian did nothing to investigate or challenge any matters in the
Estate’s accounts until this case was brought. Ms Barker submitted that as a
consequence, time bar had set in and he was prohibited from bringing up these
issues now. We agree. Accordingly, the appeal against the deductions made in
the accounts of the Estate must be dismissed.

**Issue (7) – Should Subramanian’s liability to pay rental on the Kuhio
property be reduced by 25%?**

88 Subramanian occupied the Kuhio property during the period from 4 January
1986 to 3 June 1990. The judge held that Subramanian was liable to pay rent
for this occupation. Subramanian accepted his liability in principle but
appealed against the quantum of the rental which was fixed at $72,800 per
annum with interest at the family rate. His argument was that as he had a 25%
share in the Kuhio property and as any rental income from the property would
have been received as joint income to be shared by all the brothers, his
liability should be reduced by his 25% share of the gross rental. Therefore,
he submitted he should only be liable to pay 75% of the rental which would be
$54,600 per annum.

89 We have upheld the judge’s finding that Subramanian does not have a 25%
share in the Kuhio property. His share in that property is governed by the
sharing formula. When Subramanian terminated his participation in the Family
Account, he was, even on his own best case, in an overdrawn position. At that
stage therefore, he had no share at all in the Kuhio property. There is,
however, a possibility that Subramanian may have had some share in the Kuhio
property during the time that he was occupying it. When the accounts are
redone, they may show that during this period of occupation or parts of it,
Subramanian was not in an overdrawn position. If he was in a positive position
during any period of occupation and thus at the time had a proportionate
interest in the Kuhio property, then he would be entitled to a corresponding
reduction in the rental payable. The determination of this issue must
therefore be dependent on the recast accounts.

**Issue (8) – Does Chidambaram have to account for rentals received on the
Kuhio property from 1 September 1998 to date?**

90 The appellant’s case dealt with this issue in only one sentence. It said
that just as Subramanian was liable to account for the rental income received
from the Liho property, Chidambaram should similarly account to the other
three brothers for all rentals received by him for the Kuhio property and the
trial judge should have made an order to this effect as prayed for in
Subramanian’s counterclaim. Ms Barker submitted that Chidambaram had already
met his obligation to account for the rentals to the other brothers. This
submission was fully substantiated by reference to both the original 5PWB and
the New 5PWB. There was no substance in this issue and no reason for the trial
judge to make any order in respect of it.

**Issue (9) – Whether the trial judge should have awarded Chidambaram only 80%
of his costs**

91 The trial judge awarded Chidambaram the full costs of the action. This
decision was attacked on the basis that since Chidambaram had failed in his
claim for a share in a property (referred to as ‘the Jurong property’) owned
by Subramanian, he should have been awarded only 80% of his costs.

92 It is well established that (see for example this court’s decision in
_Tullio v Maoro_ [1994] 2 SLR 489) a trial judge’s decision on costs should
not be disturbed unless there was a manifestly wrong exercise of the trial
judge’s discretion or the discretion was exercised on wrong principles. In
this case, while the judge found for Subramanian on the Jurong property issue,
he found against Subramanian on all other issues including the main crux of
the suit which was the establishment and framework of the Family Account and
the basis on which each brother’s share in it was to be determined. Further,
the Jurong property issue did not take a significant portion of the time spent
at trial. In those circumstances, it is not possible for us to hold that the
judge exercised his discretion wrongly in making the original costs order. As,
however, we have now come to a decision which is different from that of the
trial judge on many of the accounting issues, there may be reason to change
the costs order in respect of the trial to reflect the determination of this
court on those issues. We deal with this below.

**Conclusion and orders**

93 For the reasons given above, this appeal must be allowed in part.
Accordingly, we set aside the following orders made below:

(1) the order that Subramanian do pay Chidambaram as administrator of the
Family Account the sum of $1,781,913.02 and accrued interest amounting to
$872,084.07 (both as at 30 September 1998);

(2) the order that Subramanian do pay Chidambaram as administrator of the
Family Account further interest on the sum of $1,781,913.02 from 30 September
1998 up to the date of full payment at the family rate; and

(3) the order that Chidambaram be awarded the full costs of the trial.

94 Further, we make the following orders:

(1) that an account shall be taken from the respondent in respect of:

(i) the appellant’s contributions to and withdrawals from the Family Account;

(ii) the respondent’s contributions to and withdrawals from the Family Account
including amounts found by this court to be taken by him as loans from the
Family Account; and

(iii) all the joint investments made in respect of the Family Account, the
profits and losses arising therefrom and the manner in which such profits and
losses impacted the appellant’s contributions to and withdrawals from the
Family Account;

(2) that the appellant is entitled to have the following sums credited to him
as his contributions to the Family Account:

(i) the sum of 110,000 ringgit in December 1983;

(ii) the total sum of $109,902 representing the four cash cheques issued in
1987 and 1988;

(iii) the sum of $9,000 paid on 28 June 1988; and

(iv) the sum of US$82,500 paid on 22 August 1986;

(3) that an account shall be taken from the respondent of all sums transferred
to and from the accounts of Subramanian and his wife with PCPL from and to the
accounts of the respondent, his wife and other relatives with PCPL and that
the credit balance, if any, in favour of Subramanian and his wife shall be
paid and credited by Chidambaram to Subramanian’s account with the Family
Account;

(4) that the following sums should not be debited against the appellant’s
account in the Family Account:

(i) the sum of $159,640.95 paid to the appellant by Alambon Tools;

(ii) the sum of $147,415 being amounts paid into the account of the respondent
and his wife with IOB;

(iii) the sum of $28,638.66 being payment to Sankaralingam; and

(iv) the sum of $17,775;

(5) that the respondent shall repay the following sums to the Family Account
with interest at the family rate from the respective dates the sums were
received by him:

(i) the proceeds of the four cash cheques totalling $109,902;

(ii) $9,000;

(iii) $147,415;

(iv) $28,836.66; and

(v) $17,775;

(6) in the course of taking the accounts pursuant to order (1) above, it shall
be determined whether the appellant was a net contributor to the Family
Account during the period he occupied the Kuhio property and if so by what
percentage the rental payable by him for that period should be reduced; and

(7) that on the completion of the taking of accounts pursuant to order (1)
above, the appellant shall pay all amounts found due from him to the Family
Account together with interest at the family rate until the date of payment.

95 We invite the parties to make their written submissions on the appropriate
orders in respect of the costs of the appeal and the costs of the action in
view of the partial success of the appellant herein. Such submissions shall be
filed within 14 days of the date of this judgment.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 May 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

