Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chun Thong Ping v Soh Kok Hong and Another  
[2003] SGHC 172

Case Number | : | Suit 419/2003, RA 235/2003, SIC 4472/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 August 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tay Yong Kwang J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chen Chuen Tat (Acies Law Corporation) for the Plaintiff; Sarbjit Singh (M/s Lim & Lim) for the Second Defendant   
Parties | : |  Chun Thong Ping — Soh Kok Hong; Wee Teck Lee   
  
Civil Procedure – Summary judgment – Whether application to amend statement of
claim could be heard pending appeal against decision in respect of O 14
application based on original statement of claim – Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 1997 Rev Ed) O 14  
  

1 On 2 May 2003, the Plaintiff commenced this action against the Defendants.
The Statement of Claim set out his claim succinctly as follows:

“1. By a written Promissory Note dated 19th January 2000 entered into between
the parties, both the Defendants have jointly and severally promised to pay to
the Plaintiff the sum of $600,000.00 within three (3) months from the date of
the said Promissory Note.

2\. More than three (3) months have since elapsed and despite repeated
requests and demands last resting with the Plaintiff’s solicitors’ letter
dated 25th April 2003, both the Defendants have to date failed, refused and/or
neglected to pay to the Plaintiff the said sum of $600,000.00 and/or any sums
at all.”

The Statement of Claim then asked for judgment for the said sum together with
interest and costs.

2\. On 6 June 2003, the Second Defendant filed his Defence to the claim. On 13
June 2003, the Plaintiff took out an application under Order 14 of the Rules
of Court against the Second Defendant. On the same day, judgment in default of
Defence was entered against the First Defendant.

3\. On 16 July 2003, an Assistant Registrar heard the Order 14 application and
granted the Second Defendant unconditional leave to defend the claim.

4\. On 21 July 2003, the Plaintiff applied to amend the Statement of Claim by
including an additional averment which reads:

“2. Further and/or alternatively, the Plaintiff avers that by an agreement
entered into between the Plaintiff and both the Defendants, the Plaintiff did
at the joint and several request of both the Defendants give a friendly
interest-free loan of $600,000.00 to both of the Defendants, receipt of which
were acknowledged and that the said loan was repayable by both the Defendants
three (3) months from the date of the agreement. The said agreement was
evidenced in writing by way of a written Promissory Note dated 19th January
2000 executed by the parties before an advocate and solicitor as a witness.”

5\. On 28 July 2003, the Plaintiff lodged an appeal against the Assistant
Registrar’s decision in respect of the Order 14 application.

6\. On 4 August 2003, the application to amend was heard by the Assistant
Registrar. The Second Defendant objected to the application on the ground that
the application was improper at that stage as there was a pending appeal based
on the original Statement of Claim. The Assistant Registrar then ordered that
the application to amend be heard together with the appeal.

**The Appeal**

7\. On 6 August 2003, the parties appeared before me. Counsel for the
Plaintiff informed me that he was applying to amend the Statement of Claim and
would be proceeding with the appeal on the alternative claim thereafter. I
indicated to the parties that the correct approach should be to withdraw the
appeal and to proceed with a fresh Order 14 application based on the amended
Statement of Claim if the Plaintiff so wished.

8\. Counsel for the Plaintiff then applied to withdraw the appeal and I
granted him leave to do so. I also granted him leave to amend the Statement of
Claim in the manner indicated above. Costs of $1500 and $400 were awarded to
the Second Defendant against the Plaintiff for the withdrawal of the appeal
and the application to amend respectively. Counsel for the Second Defendant
reserved his right to argue at the second Order 14 application that the
Plaintiff had already made an election on the claims by entering default
judgment against the First Defendant.

**The Reasons**

9\. Since 1 December 2002, pursuant to the Rules of Court (Amendment No. 4)
Rules 2002 (S 565 of 2002), an application under Order 14 may be taken out
only after a Defence has been served. Before that date, such an application
could be taken out as soon as the Defendant has entered an appearance in the
action and, in that event, the Defence need not be served until after the
determination of the Order 14 application [see the previous Order 18 rule 2
(2) which was deleted by the same amendment rules].

10\. It follows that a Plaintiff cannot add a new cause of action between the
hearing at first instance and the appeal therefrom and proceed on that new
cause of action at the appeal (even as an alternative claim). If it were
otherwise, the Defendant would be left without an answer in his Defence to the
amended claim. That would defeat the purpose of the 1 December 2002 amendments
to Order 14 which sought to crystallise the issues and to set the parameters
for the summary judgment hearing. Indeed, if the Plaintiff could make such a
material change to his claim during the journey from registry to judge, the
appellate judge would be virtually hearing a fresh Order 14 application, not
an appeal from the existing one.

11\. This position is consonant with the decision of Chao Hick Tin J in
_Techmex Far East Pte Ltd v Logicraft Products Manufacturing Pte Ltd_ [1998] 1
SLR 483. There, the Plaintiffs’ first application for summary judgment was
dismissed and no appeal was lodged against the dismissal. The Statement of
Claim was then re-amended and a second application for summary judgment was
made. That application was dismissed on the ground that a second application
was not permissible under Order 14. Allowing the Plaintiffs’ appeal, Chao Hick
Tin J said:

“15 Initially I had thought that perhaps implicit in O 14 was the policy that
a plaintiff should only have one bite at the cherry, and if he failed for
whatever the reasons, the matter should go to trial. But having reviewed the
matter and having regard to the real objective behind O 14, that perhaps is
too narrow a perception. If an application fails because of some technical
defects, not because the registrar thinks that there are factual issues to be
tried, there can hardly be any estoppel as there was no determination on the
merits whether there ought to be a trial. It seems to me if the factual or
legal basis of a claim has been altered because of amendments to the
pleadings, there is much to commend itself, on the rationale expounded by
Colman J in _Bristol & West Building Society_, namely, the efficient
administration of justice, to allowing a second application. Quite clearly
what would constitute a new factual or legal basis must vary from case to
case. I do not think it possible or advisable to lay down any single criterion
to determine that question. Lest it be thought that this might lead to the
opening of a flood-gate, I wish to add this clarification. If on an
application leave to defend is allowed, and no appeal is brought against that
decision, a second application should not be permitted if it relates to the
same claim or claims with perhaps better evidence. That would not constitute a
new factual basis. The Plaintiff would have to live with his default,
tendering of inadequate evidence at the first application, and should proceed
to trial.”

12\. Leaving aside the position on appeal, where a Plaintiff amends his
Statement of Claim materially (that is, by altering the factual or legal basis
of the claim) after the Defendant has served his Defence, he should not take
out an application under Order 14 until after the Defendant has had an
opportunity to amend his Defence.

13\. Where such amendments are made to a Plaintiff’s Statement of Claim after
an application under Order 14 has been taken out but before it has been heard
at first instance, the Plaintiff should not be allowed to proceed with the
Order 14 application until after the Defendant has had an opportunity to amend
his Defence. If the Plaintiff’s affidavit, which has to be filed at the same
time as the Order 14 application [see Order 14 rule 2(2)], does not ‘contain
all necessary evidence in support’ [see Order 14 rule 2 (8)] of the claim as
amended, then the Plaintiff should not proceed with the Order 14 application.
He should withdraw it and lodge a new application with the proper affidavit.

14\. It is incumbent on a Plaintiff who wishes to proceed under Order 14 to
get all his pleadings and evidence in order before launching an application
meant to obviate a trial in open court.

Leave granted to Plaintiff to withdraw appeal  
and to amend his Statement of Claim.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Aug 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

