Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hong Cheng Air-Conditioning Engineering Pte Ltd v Wee Siong Engineering
Services Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 51

Case Number | : | Suit 712/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 March 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ronnie Tan (Central Chambers Law Corporation) for the Plaintiffs; Michael S. Chia and Jonathan K.C. Ow (Sankar Ow & Partners) for the Defendants   
Parties | : |  Hong Cheng Air-Conditioning Engineering Pte Ltd — Wee Siong Engineering Services Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Variation – Parties entering into lump sum contract – Later
agreement varying terms of contract – Interpretation of variation agreement –
Whether plaintiff entitled to claim balance of original contract.  
  

1 This is a construction claim in respect of materials supplied and services
rendered by the plaintiff against the defendant in a Housing and Development
Board building project at Yishun Industrial Park B. The Housing and
Development Board is not involved in this litigation.

2 The plaintiff was engaged by the defendant to provide labour as well as
materials for the complete mechanical ventilation work. The main contractors
were Koh Brothers Building and C.E. Contractor Pte Ltd. They are also not
involved in this litigation. The defendant was their subcontractor who, in
turn, engaged the plaintiff as its subcontractor.

3 The plaintiff’s claim against the defendant was for a sum of $538,568.52
being the balance of $730,000 which was the original contract sum. The
defendant demurred that the plaintiff had not performed the contract and was
therefore not entitled to payment. It further asserted that by reason of the
plaintiff’s failure to perform the contract the defendant had to carry out the
work itself. This resulted in the additional costs of $37,140.64 which the
defendant counterclaimed against the plaintiff. In addition to this sum, the
defendant also claimed liquidated damages at $100 a day from 16 June 2001 to 7
February 2002. The defendant also claimed a sum of $1,861.42 being
“administrative charges”.

4 When the trial commenced before me, the pleadings from both parties were
totally inconsistent with the opening statements of counsel. The statement of
claim then was a mere two-paragraph statement to the effect that the plaintiff
was claiming money due from the defendant for services rendered at the
defendant’s request. The case that the plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Tan, sought to
make out at trial was more complicated than that. The defence and counterclaim
complicated issues because of its reference to a contract made up of several
documents of various dates. There was, in short, no consensus as to what was
in fact the contract in question. Counsel then applied to amend their
respective pleadings and the trial resumed after they had amended their
respective cases.

5 The cases for the plaintiff and defendant respectively were nonetheless
presented more complicatedly than they should. In order that the true issues
can be appreciated, it is important to first ascertain what the original
contract was. Following oral negotiations between Mr Ho, the managing director
of the plaintiff and Mr Ng Chee Wee, the managing director of the defendant,
the plaintiff submitted a quotation dated 19 September 2000 to the defendant.
This quotation was signed by Madam Wee Bee Hua, a director of the defendant.
She is also the wife of Mr Ng Chee Wee. After her signature she added the
following words in her own hand:

“We accept this quotation S$730,000 exclude 3% GST as a lump sum contract
based on the drawing No. 85, 86, 87, 88. We will temporarily sign on your
quotation & kindly wait for our work, contract agreement & work schedule.”
(sic)

6 After that, the defendant sent a works order dated 1 November 2000 to the
plaintiff incorporating all that was set out in the plaintiff’s quotation.
This became known as the “first works order”. In addition to that works order
the defendant attached a set of its own terms and conditions of contract. The
defendant maintained at the trial that the contract between the plaintiff and
defendant “included” the defendant’s terms and conditions. In my view, it does
not. The plaintiff’s quotation of 19 September 2000 was a document capable of
forming a valid and complete contract if accepted. That was done by Madam
Wee’s signature in affirmation. The defendant disputed such a contract because
it was written by Madam Wee that it only “signed temporarily”, but I see no
commercial meaning in such a phrase and cannot impute any from the
circumstances. All that was required to seal the contract was the signature of
the defendant in acceptance and its purchase or works order to commence work.
The plaintiff, however, had unnecessarily muddied the case from the outset by
its failure to identify the contract. Even after the pleadings were amended,
it continues to believe that the contract was an oral one made between Mr Ho
and Mr Ng “just after they had finished works for the defendant at another
project”. This was borne out in paragraph 6 of the Amended Statement of Claim.

7 The plaintiff then averred that it was prevented from proceeding to complete
the work because the work of other subcontractors employed by the main
contractors were still in progress. On 11 June 2001 the defendant issued a
second works order for work not originally contracted for. This averment was
disputed by the defendant who contended that the second works order covered,
work originally set out in the plaintiff’s quotation. Its witnesses testified
that the second works order was issued to raise the morale of the plaintiff.

8 But prior to the second works order, that is, on 8 June 2001, there was a
meeting between Mr Ho of the plaintiff and Mr Ng of the defendant. What
actually transpired is not clear. The only consensus from counsel before me
was that the agreement reached at this meeting was that the defendant would
take over the balance of the work that had not been completed as at 8 June
2001. Although the plaintiff had been paid various progress payments till
date, there were complaints by the defendant regarding the quality and speed
of the plaintiff’s work. There was no mention of payment. In the absence of
any indication to the contrary, the only conclusion arising from the 8 June
2001 agreement, in the specific circumstances, is that the plaintiff would not
be entitled to any payment unless it is for work requested after 8 June 2001.
It will be noted that there was no reservation of rights of either party
arising from the 8 June 2001 agreement.

9 Following from this event, the plaintiff says that it had done work that
justified its claim for $538,568.52 which included work specified under the
second works order as well as some further variation work. On the other hand,
the defendant says that the plaintiff had already been paid for all work done
by it till date that is, 8 June 2001, and that came to $298,468.64. It further
alleged that pursuant to the 8 June 2001 agreement the defendant had completed
the rest of the work at its own cost, and that impliedly meant that it should
be entitled to claim any amount in excess of the contract sum. The defendant
then claimed that that excess came to $37,140.64.

10 The meeting of 8 June 2001 was a crucial event in this case. It is obvious
that whatever contract preceded it, the parties had orally agreed to vary
their agreement and had subsequently acted largely in accordance with that
variation. The quarrel between them that led them all to court arose from the
interpretation of the true import of that variation. The persons involved in
this oral agreement were Mr Ho Ah Kow the managing director of the plaintiff
and Mr Ng Chee Wee, the managing director of the defendant. Mr Ho’s affidavit
of evidence-in-chief stated that –

“earlier on 8 June 2001, there had been an agreement between the plaintiffs
and the defendants that the defendants would finish the installation of 20
riser ducts themselves. Originally the plaintiffs were supposed to do the
installation of 22 riser ducts but there was a change in circumstances.”

Further on, he continued (at [12]) as follows:

“it was agreed at the meeting that due to the time constraints caused by the
circumstances, the defendants would finish the works as described earlier. The
plaintiffs would complete 2 nos. of the riser ducts and the rest of the other
works which they were committed to completing. As for the completed date of 15
July 2001, it was agreed that we should try our best to meet that date as I
had already explained that given the circumstances, the completion date must
be realistic.”

11 The circumstances referred to were delays caused by the main contractors
and other subcontractors. The other person to the oral agreement, Mr Ng Chee
Wee, significantly, did not give evidence. There was therefore no one from the
defendant who could give evidence to the contrary. In fact, Mr Teo Chye Huat,
the defendant’s general manager acknowledged that there was an agreement made
on 8 January 2001 to vary the contract and under cross-examination stated that
the situation was forced upon them, in the sense that it was inevitable given
the circumstances.

12 What the parties had agreed to do thereafter was clear. What was not
expressed was the revision of price. This is not a case in which price, being
central to a commercial agreement, had not been reached and therefore no
contract can be said to have formed. In this case, the parties revised the
scope of work of a partially performed contract. There are two contending
arguments. The plaintiff’s counsel Mr Tan submitted that the variation
agreement envisaged that the plaintiff be paid for the work it had done. That,
he says, came to $538,56.52 less what they had already been paid
($298,468.64). Mr Chia argued on behalf of the defendant that the variation
agreement was evidenced in writing in the form of AB144. That was a letter
dated 9 June 2001 from the defendant to the plaintiff referring to the meeting
of 8 June 2001. The letter sets out the items which the plaintiff was to
continue and complete. Mr Chia’s submission at [74] contended that “it was
understood and agreed that the defendant would deduct the costs of works not
carried out by the plaintiff from the lump sum figure of $730,000. Parties
proceed (sic) with the common intention of completing the works as soon as
possible”.

13 On the evidence available, and equally important, the lack of critical
evidence, I form the view that the oral variation of the contract on 8 June
2001 had the following effect. The plaintiff was to carry out the work
specified in AB144 and the defendant was to complete the rest. That much was
clear and expressed. In the absence of any agreement as to further payment,
the circumstances do not justify an implication of terms that the plaintiff
would be paid pro rata with the original contract price of $730,000 as the
basis. It had been paid a substantial amount on progress payments due and
submitted. Neither, in my view, would the defendant be entitled to claim for
costs incurred by them in carrying out their part of the varied agreement. It
is important that the 8 June 2001 variation be considered in context and the
circumstances forced upon both sides. There were delays, some of which were of
no fault of the plaintiff, but because of the delays the plaintiff was unable
to complete the work on schedule. The parties thus agreed to make the best of
the situation and that resulted in the agreement of 8 June 2001 whereby the
defendant, in effect, cancelled the subcontract with the plaintiff in respect
of the rest of the work in order to perform the work itself.

14 I am of the view that additional work had been requested by the defendant
after the 8 June 2001 meeting in the form of the second works order (issued on
15 July 2001). It was a request for additional work and not for work already
stipulated under the first works order as the defendant contended. Its only
basis for saying so was that it issued the second works order merely to
“motivate the plaintiff”. From the items specified in the two works orders and
the evidence of the plaintiff’s witnesses, especially that of Cheong Yeong
Soon, a witness whom I regard as the most reliable from either side, I
conclude that the defendant’s contention cannot be accepted. However, Mr
Cheong admitted that only 50% of this work was completed. The work involved in
the second works order appear to be requested because the defendant was a
little too optimistic that it could take back the remaining work entirely from
the plaintiff after 8 June 2001. In my view, the variation agreement on 8 June
2001 formed a separate contract and cannot be considered as a lump sum
contract to which the doctrine of substantial performance can be applied.
There will be judgment for the plaintiff for half the sum of $69,525.00. The
plaintiff’s claim for work outside the first and second works orders had not
been sufficiently proved and that part of the claim is disallowed.

15 For the reasons above, and in particular, the absence of evidence from Ng
Chee Wee, the defendant’s counterclaim, including the claim for liquidated
damages and administrative charges, which were not proved, is dismissed.

16 Costs of the action and the counterclaim shall be taxed if not agreed, and
paid by defendant to plaintiff to the extent of one-third of the taxed costs.
Costs in respect of amendment of pleadings shall be costs thrown away to
defendant and fixed at $5,500.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Mar 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

