Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Pan-West (Pte) Ltd v Grand Bigwin Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 250

Case Number | : | Suit 1442/2002, RA 89/2003, 90/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  G Radakrishnan (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the plaintiffs; Tan Tee Jim SC (counsel) and Khor Wee Siong (Khor Thiam Beng & Partners) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Pan-West (Pte) Ltd — Grand Bigwin Pte Ltd   
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Defence – Exhaustion of rights – Implied consent
– Whether defendants could rely on defence of implied consent under s 29(1) of
the Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1999 Rev Ed) where infringing product not a
parallel import – Whether plaintiffs' failure to object to registration of
identical trade mark in foreign jurisdiction amounted to implied consent –
Whether plaintiffs' earlier import and sale of products bearing trade mark of
infringing product in Singapore amounted to implied consent  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Defence – Use of proprietor's trade mark for
purpose of identifying proprietor's goods – Trade Marks Act (Cap 332, 1999 Rev
Ed) s 27(6)  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Infringement – Whether alleged infringing trade
mark identical or similar to plaintiffs' trade mark – Trade Marks Act (Cap
332, 1999 Rev Ed) s 27  
  
Trade Marks and Trade Names – Passing off – Whether requirements of passing
off met – Whether any defence applicable  
  

These are two appeals from the Registry that came before me. The first appeal
is RA 89/2003 which is the defendants’ appeal against an order for summary
judgment made by the learned Assistant Registrar. The second appeal, RA
90/2003 is the plaintiffs’ appeal on the matter of costs. I dismissed the
first appeal and allowed the second appeal. I set out my reasons for doing so.

2 The plaintiffs’ claim is for trade mark infringement and passing off, in
respect of, inter alia, the KATANA GOLF trade mark and kG Logo (T97/099241).
In the Statement of Claim, the plaintiffs prayed for the following:

“1. An injunction to restrain the defendants, whether by itself, its servants
or agents or any of them or otherwise howsoever from doing the following acts
or any of them, that is to say, infringing the plaintiffs’ trade mark
registration T97/099241 for the mark KATANA GOLF and kG logo as shown in the
Schedule (“the Trade Mark”) by manufacturing, purchasing, importing,
exporting, possessing for any purpose of trade, distributing, selling,
offering for sale or advertising for sale gold clubs bearing the trademark
KATANA or any other mark substantially similar or colourably imitative of the
Trade Mark (hereinafter “the Infringing Mark”) or cause, enable or assist
others to infringe as described above.

2\. An injunction to restrain the defendants, whether by itself, its servants
or agents or any of them or otherwise howsoever from doing the following acts
or any of them, that is to say, passing off by manufacturing, purchasing,
importing, exporting, possessing for any purpose of trade, distributing,
selling, offering for sale or advertising for sale golf clubs or any other
golfing articles bearing the mark KATANA which clubs or articles are not the
goods of the plaintiffs as and for the goods of the plaintiffs or as being
connected to or associated with the plaintiffs by the use of, on, with or in
connection with the goods in the course of trade the mark KATANA or any other
mark confusingly or deceptively similar or cause enable or assist others to
pass off as described above.

3\. Delivery up to the plaintiffs and/or its solicitors for destruction all
articles bearing the Infringing Mark that are in the possession, custody or
control of the defendants, its servants or agents or any of them, the
continued retention and/or intended use of which would be a breach of the
injunctions prayed for.

4\. Full discovery on all the defendants’ acts of trade mark infringement and
passing off.

5\. An inquiry as to the damages suffered by the plaintiff or at its option an
account of the profits made by the defendants from all the accts of trade mark
infringement and passing off and payment by the defendants to the plaintiff of
all sums found due upon the taking of such inquiry or account.

6\. Costs.

7\. Interest.”

**The Trade Mark**

3 The plaintiffs are the registered proprietor of the Singapore series mark
KATANA Golf and kG Logo (T97/099241), for the following goods in class 28:

“Golf clubs; golf putters and irons; golf apparatus; golf clubs shafts, grips,
heads, covers and head covers; golf balls; golf gloves; golf bags; golf bag
travel covers; sporting bags; bags adapted for carrying sporting articles; all
included in Class 28.”

4 There is a Japanese word appearing in the mark, which, as is apparent from
the certificate of registration, means “Sword”.

5 The plaintiffs’ series mark has been registered since 1997. The registration
is not without conditions. The certificate of registration clearly states that
the registration shall give no right to the exclusive use of the word “GOLF”
and the letters “kG”.

6 From the first affidavit of Mr Loh Ah Joo (managing director of the
plaintiffs), it is clear that the plaintiffs have been selling golf clubs
bearing its trade mark since 1997. I had the opportunity to examine sales
invoices and receipts over the period of October 1997 to July 2002. There can
be no doubt that the trade mark is in current use in Singapore.

**The Defendants’ activities**

7 The defendants are the plaintiffs’ competitor. It also sells golf clubs. On
its pleading the defendants imported 6 drivers bearing the trade mark KATANA.
This trade mark was registered in Japan by one Umeda Shokai KK, in August
2000. It is not a trade mark that is registered in Singapore. The plaintiffs
were justified to take objection to the sale and advertisement in Singapore of
the drivers bearing Umeda’s KATANA trade mark, by reason of its own
registration in Singapore.

8 In this case the driver in question was known as the 55ATi, which is not
made by the plaintiffs. There was also evidence that the plaintiffs had also
sold, at one point in time, golf clubs bearing Umeda’s KATANA trade mark, as a
distributor and retailer of golf clubs.

9 The plaintiffs hired a private investigator who obtained a trap purchase of
this driver, bearing the KATANA trade mark. This is not in dispute. The
defendants also did not deny the importation or sale of the 55ATi driver in
Singapore.

**Charge of trade mark and infringement**

10 The plaintiffs commenced proceedings against the defendants over its sale
of the 55ATi driver in Singapore, arguing that the Umeda trade mark “KATANA”
infringed its trade mark (T97/099241) under section 27(1) and (2) of the Trade
Marks Act (“TMA”).

11 Section 27(1) TMA provides that “A person infringes a registered trade mark
if, _without the consent of the proprietor_ of the trade mark, he uses in the
course of trade a sign which is identical with the trade mark in relation to
goods or services which are identical with those for which it is registered.”
Section 27(2) TMA provides that “A person infringes a registered trade mark
if, _without the consent of the proprietor_ of the trade mark, he uses in the
course of trade a sign where because (a) the sign is identical with the trade
mark and is used in relation to goods or services similar to those for which
the trade mark is registered; or (b) the sign is similar to the trade mark and
is used in relation to the goods or services identical with or similar to
those for which the trade mark is registered, there exists a likelihood of
confusion on the part of the public.” (my emphasis)

12 The language between the two sub-sections is clear and differentiated. The
first subsection is what I would describe the most straightforward of trade
mark infringements: the use (as defined under subsection (4)) of an identical
trade mark in relation to identical goods or services. The second subsection
envisages the scenario where an identical or similar trade mark is used in
relation to identical or similar goods or services; in either situation the
plaintiffs have to demonstrate a likelihood of confusion on the part of the
public.

13 Yet the two subsections share a common phrase: an infringement of rights
will only arise where the given activity of infringement takes place “without
the consent of the proprietor.” This is common to primary infringements of
intellectual property laws. It is here that the defendants has attempted to
argue that defence applies in this instance, under section 29(1) TMA. It is
the first issue that I had to address in this appeal brought against the
learned Assistant Registrar’s decision to order summary judgment against the
defendants. The second issue is one of implied consent, albeit this is also
related to section 29(1) TMA. Although I was given to understand that the
defendants abandoned another defence based on section 27(6) TMA, but in their
reply submissions they canvassed the point again.

14 At the outset I would also make the additional point that within the
language of section 27 TMA, it is of paramount clarity that “the proprietor”
must refer to the proprietor or registered owner of the trade mark infringed
against. It also follows that the trade mark complained against must a trade
mark that is registered in the Singapore register of trade marks (see further
section 2(5) TMA).

15 When deciding whether a case of infringement falls under the first or
second subsection of section 27 TMA, regard must first be had to the identity
or similarity of the alleged infringing trade mark, with the trade mark in
Suit. This is a significant determination, because if the signs and the trade
marks are found to be similar and not identical, then the determination moves
to section 27(2) TMA, which requires the determination of a likelihood of
confusion.

16 The plaintiffs were correct to point out that ‘Katana’ was the essential
element of their trade mark (see exhibits LAJ-3, LAJ-4 and LAJ-10 of the
affidavits of Mr Loh Ah Joo dated 4th February 2003 and 4th March 2003). In
making this determination I would discount the disclaimer of ‘golf’ and ‘kG’
from the registered trade mark. What remains is the logo and work ‘KATANA’.
With these fetters to the plaintiffs’ trade mark registration, there is no
need, as the defendants contended, for the plaintiffs to have obtained a
separate registration for the word mark ‘KATANA’.

17 The question was whether the sign that was used by the defendants on its
clubs could be said to be identical to the plaintiffs’ trade mark for the
purposes of a determination of infringement under section 27(1) TMA. The
distinctive and dominant components of the plaintiffs’ trade mark is the word
‘KATANA’ (see _SA Societe Diffusion v SA Sadas[2003] FSR 1 at 8-11_). This has
been reproduced in terms. In determining the identity of signs with the trade
mark in Suit, case law has also alluded to the feature that the defendants’
signs do not have to be exactly the same in order to be considered identical
for the purpose of the UK equivalent provision (section 10(1) UK Trade Marks
Act). This was held in _Aktiebolaget Volvo & Anor v Heritage (Leicester)
Limited [2000] FSR 253_, where the Defendants’ use of the signage ‘Independent
_Volvo_ Specialist’ (my emphasis) did not render it non-identical to the
registered trade mark ‘VOLVO’.

18 This being the case, if the defendants had, without the consent of the
plaintiffs proprietor, advertised, offered for sale and selling, another
party’s (Umeda’s) golf clubs which bear the identical sign ‘KATANA’, this
amounted to trade mark infringement under section 27(1) TMA.

19 I would also make the observation that the identity of the trade marks
appeared to have been conceded by the defendants. In paragraph 18 of the
defendants’ Skeletal Submissions it was written that “Additionally, in the
present case, the defendants’ trade mark is in law and in fact identical with
or substantially similar to ‘the registered trade mark’”.

20 For these reasons I concluded that the plaintiffs had established its case
for infringement under section 27(1) TMA.

21 Against this the defendants raised two defences under sections 29(1) and
27(6) TMA. I shall deal with each in turn.

**Section 29(1) TMA**

22 Section 29(1) provides that “Notwithstanding Section 27, a registered trade
mark is not infringed by the use of the trade mark in relation to goods which
have been put on the market, whether in Singapore or outside Singapore, under
that trade mark by the proprietor of the registered trade mark or with his
express or implied consent (conditional or otherwise)”. Section 29(2) goes on
to provide that subsection (1) does not apply “where the condition of the
goods has been changed or impaired after they have been put on the market, and
the use of the registered trade mark in relation to those goods is detrimental
to the distinctive character or repute of the registered mark.”

23 Subsection 29 TMA encapsulates the “exhaustion of rights” defence, which is
applicable to parallel imports. Once the express or implied consent of the
proprietor of the trade mark is obtained to put goods bearing the said trade
mark to market in Singapore or out of Singapore, thereafter they travel
freely. To facilitate the free movement of goods and services in the modern
world, an exhaustion of rights provision such as that seen in section 29 TMA
prevents the proprietor of the trade mark to subsequently use his proprietary
rights to prevent a parallel import from entering the country, or the
subsequent sale and dealings of the same.

24 Section 29 is moreover a restricted defence. It only applies where one is
dealing with the genuine goods of the trade mark proprietor. Subsection (2)
withdraws the protection given by the TMA to parallel importers upon the
proprietor showing that the parallel imports have been impaired or have
changed character such that the use of the trade mark on the goods would be
detrimental to the distinctive character or repute of the registered trade
mark.

25 I did not see any credible triable issue raised under section 29 TMA to
justify the matter going for trial. In the first place the 55ATi golf club is
not a parallel import. If the plaintiffs in these proceedings was Umeda Shokai
KK, the owner of the Katana trade mark in Japan, then it would necessitate
further consideration of whether the registered proprietor had expressly or
impliedly consent to his golf clubs being first put to market. He would
thereafter be unable to assert his rights against importation and sale in
Singapore under section 29 TMA, subject at all times to the conditions of
subsection (2).

**Implied Consent**

26 The defendants argued that a triable issue could be raised by the implied
consent of the proprietor of the Trade Mark in Suit, the series mark
registration KATANA Golf and kG Logo (T97/099241) that is owned by the
plaintiffs. At the very outset I would make the observation that the reference
to the consent of the proprietor, whether under section 27 or 29 TMA, must
refer to the consent of the plaintiffs in this case.

27 This led me first to consider ‘implied consent’ in relation to the
‘exhaustion of rights’ defence. I could not understand how any argument could
be sustained that the 55ATi golf club is a parallel import of the plaintiffs’
golf club. It was not manufactured by the plaintiffs, nor did it bear the
plaintiffs’ trade mark. The plaintiffs were in a position to give their
express or implied consent over the use of their series trade mark in
Singapore (or elsewhere where there is an overseas registration), in relation
to their own drivers and clubs. The infringing 55ATi did not form part of the
stable of these clubs and drivers. Hence this was not the scenario where
section 29 would even apply, since it could not be the law that every
defendants to summary trade mark infringement proceedings could raise section
29 TMA in a context that did not deal with parallel imports, and expect the
issue to go to trial as a result.

28 This appeared to be the position suggested by the authorities that were
relied on by the defendants.

29 In _Castrol Limited v Automative Oil Supplies Limited[1983] RPC 315_, the
plaintiffs granted a licence to their related company in Canada to manufacture
motor oil under the ‘Castrol’ trade mark. The licence precluded the sale of
the oil outside Canada. The tins of motor oil also bore the following notice:

“Manufactured in Canada under licence from Castrol Limited. No licence is
granted or is to be implied by the sale or supply of this container under or
in relation to any patent trade mark or copyright of or owned by Castrol
anywhere in the world outside Canada.”

30 There was reason for this territorial separation, as the oil which was sold
in Canada was different from that sold in the UK. Use of the wrong grade would
adversely affect consumption. The defendants imported and sold in the UK motor
oil manufactured by the Canadian licensee, bearing the above notice. It tried
to rely on the now repealed section 4(3)(a) of the UK Trade Marks Act 1938,
which was in pari materia with section 45(3)(a) of Singapore’s repealed Trade
Marks Act, and provided as follows:

“The right to the use of a trade mark given by registration as aforesaid shall
not be deemed to be infringed by the use of the trade mark as aforesaid by any
person -

(a) in relation to goods connected in the course of trade with the proprietor
or a registered user of the trade mark if, as to those goods or a bulk of
which they form part, the proprietor or a registered user…has at any time,
expressly or impliedly, consented to the use of the trade mark….manifested by
signs, action or facts, or by inaction, silence, or other conduct which raises
a presumption that the consent has been given.”

31 In _Castrol_ the defendants were unable to establish an express or implied
consent to the sale of the Canadian oil in the UK. The licence agreement and
the physical differences between the products showed, in no uncertain terms,
that such consent had been withheld (see pp 323-324). The facts in the present
case were quite different. It had never been suggested that the 55ATi driver
was made under any licence granted by the plaintiffs. If at all it was a case
where a parallel importer was successfully sued for trade mark infringement,
under a different legislative regime. By contrast, in this case, the
defendants were not even a ‘parallel importer’ of the plaintiffs’ golf clubs
in the first place.

32 The defendants also relied on the well known decision of _Revlon Inc v
Cripps & Lee Limited [1980] FSR 85_. The plaintiffs sued for the infringement
of the registered trade mark, “Revlon Flex”, arising from the importation into
the UK of hair shampoos bearing the said mark. The mark had been applied to
goods in the US by the parent company of the registered proprietor in the UK.
No conditions attached to these goods restricting importation and sale in any
particular jurisdiction. The goods were homogenous, in that they bore the
legend “Revlon/New York-London-Paris”. The defendants came into these goods
after their manufacture was discontinued in the US. They imported them into
the UK. The plaintiffs in this instance could not prevent the defendants from
selling the goods in the UK. The subsidiary must be taken to have consented to
the parent company’s use of the trade mark. The court recognised that the
parent company, Revlon Inc, had the power to over-rule any objection that a
subsidiary could raise, by virtue of its control over it. In the context of
_Revlon_ we were talking about goods that were manufactured by the
multinational Revlon group, which were then moved into the parallel importer’s
jurisdiction. I failed to see that any parallel can be drawn with the present
case, especially when the “Revlon Flex” trade mark had been exploited as part
of an international exercise, and used to indicate that the goods to which it
was applied originated from the Revlon group.

33 The defendants also relied on the decision of _Betts v Willmott (1871) LR 6
Ch App 239_ , specifically the following passage (at 245), where Lord
Hatherley LC said:

“It comes within the doctrine of leave and licence…Unless it can be shewn…that
there is some clear communication to the party to whom the article is sold, I
apprehend that inasmuch as he has the right of vending the goods in France….he
transfers with the goods necessarily the licence to use them wherever the
purchaser pleases. When a man has purchased an article he expects to have
control of it and there must be some clear and explicit agreement to the
contrary to justify the vendor in saying that he has not given the purchaser
his licence to sell the article, or to use whatever he pleases as against
himself.”

34 In _Betts_ we were considering parallel imports within the statutory regime
of patents, where different exclusive rights accrued to the patentee. As I
alluded to earlier, the position was quite different in the present case,
where the 55ATi driver was not even a parallel import when taken in the
context of the plaintiffs’ trade marks and golf clubs. They were manufactured
by a party other than the plaintiffs. I failed to see how a triable issue was
even raised by this argument.

35 The defendants did not argue to my satisfaction that triable issues were
raised under section 29 TMA. The requirements of that section did not begin to
apply in this case, because:

(a) the mark on the defendants’ clubs was not the plaintiffs’ trade mark;

(b) the defendants’ club was not put out to market in Japan under the
plaintiffs’ trade mark.

(c) The defendants’ club was _not_ put on the market in Japan by the
plaintiffs, or with its implied consent.

(d) The defendants’ club was made by the registered proprietor of the Umeda
Trade Mark in Japan, which was not a subsidiary or an associated company of
the plaintiffs.

36 Within the larger analysis of infringement under section 27 TMA, the
defendants submitted that triable issues were disclosed by the “…inaction,
silence and/or conduct on the part of the plaintiffs which shows or raises a
presumption that consent has been given.” On closer inspection, their
arguments did not bear scrutiny.

37 First, they said that Umeda Shokai registered the Katana trapezium trade
mark in Japan for golf clubs, and the plaintiffs must have known this since
January 2000. Yet they never objected to the Japanese registration, and
registered their own Katana KG trade mark in Japan.

38 I failed to see how the plaintiffs’ conduct viz. the Umeda trade mark in
Japan was in any way relevant to an infringement action which it brought in
Singapore, concerning their own Katana KG trade mark, that was registered in
Singapore. Using this territorial registration, the plaintiffs were entitled
to object to the use of identical or similar trade marks, such as the Umeda
trade mark, in Singapore.

39 Second, by way further expansion of the first argument, they said that the
Katana trapezium trade mark had been used by Umeda Shokai in Japan for its
golf clubs for a number of years with the plaintiffs’ knowledge, yet the
plaintiffs did not, and still do not object to such use. Why should the
plaintiffs object to Umeda Shokai’s registration and vice versa, if the
parties were happy, for whatever reason, that their trade marks were to co-
exist in Japan?

40 The defendants then argued that the clubs made and sold by Umeda Shokai,
were initially put on the market in Japan by Umeda. The defendants then argued
that the clubs (specifically the 55ATi drivers) had been put in the market in
Japan with the plaintiffs’ implied consent. I do not see how the plaintiffs
were in a position to provide any implied consent, since it was not the
proprietor of the Umeda trade mark.

41 This would be the case even if the plaintiffs imported and sold golf clubs
bearing the Umeda trade mark in Singapore, which was in the evidence before
me. They bought these clubs from Umeda and promoted and sold these clubs in
Singapore as a distributor. The defendants then argued that the plaintiffs by
this conduct consented to or condoned the sale in Singapore of the golf clubs
which bore the Umeda trade mark, that was identical or similar to the
plaintiffs’ trade mark. Therefore the defendants must be allowed to continue
with their own importation and sale of clubs bearing the Umeda trade mark.

42 If at all, the defendants had misunderstood the operative consent in this
situation. I agreed with the plaintiffs’ argument that when the plaintiffs
sold the Umeda golf clubs, they were happy to do so notwithstanding its own
registration of the trade mark in Suit, namely, the KATANA Golf and kG Logo
series mark (T97/099241). Under sections 27(1) and (2) TMA the plaintiffs’
acts of sale did not amount to an infringement because, as the registered
proprietor of the Singapore registered trade mark, they consented to their own
sale of the Umeda clubs. The defendants could not sell the Umeda clubs because
they did not have the plaintiffs’ consent to do so, the plaintiffs being the
registered proprietor of KATANA Golf and kG Logo series mark.

43 To have agreed with the defendants would be tantamount to re-writing trade
mark law, and expand the defence of implied consent to one where the consent
could be given by one other than trade mark proprietor in Singapore. This
could not be correct.

44 I agreed with Kerly’s Law of Trade Marks, where it is stated in para 13-12:

“it should be no answer to an allegation of infringement that the purpose of
the mark is to show a business connection with a foreign manufacturer entitled
to use the mark in his own country, and not with the British owner of the
mark.”

(see also _4711 (1953) 70 RPC 235_ ; _Everglide[1964] RPC 37 at 42_)

**Section 27(6) TMA**

45 It was originally thought that the defendants were not going to take this
up in this appeal, but in the course of argument the defendants submitted on
it. It could be despatched quickly. Section 27(6) TMA provides:

“Nothing in subsections (1) to (5) shall be construed as preventing the use of
a registered trade mark by any person for the purpose of identifying goods or
services as those of the proprietor or licensee, but any such use otherwise
than in accordance with honest practices in industrial and commercial matters
shall be treated as infringing the registered trade mark if the use without
due cause takes unfair advantage of, or is detrimental to the distinctive
character or repute of the trade mark.”

46 This section did not apply. It only concerned the use of a proprietor’s
trade mark for the purposes of identifying the goods as being those of the
proprietor. Typically it would arise in the context of comparative
advertising. The defendants were not using the Umeda trade mark to identify
the 55ATi driver as a club of the plaintiffs.

47 There was also a fundamental incongruity about running defences under
section 29(1) TMA and section 27(6) concurrently, as the defendants had done.
It was not possible to argue that under section 27(6) TMA the defendants were
using Umeda’s trade mark to identify the 55ATi driver as a club belonging to
the plaintiffs and in the same breadth also argued that the plaintiffs had
given implied consent to the use of the Umeda trade mark on a driver that did
not belong to the plaintiffs.

**Claim in Passing Off**

48 In the alternative, the plaintiffs’ claim in passing off would also
succeed. The of-cited trinity of requirements for a passing off action
(goodwill, misrepresentation and damage) clearly applied: _CDL Hotels
International Ltd v Pontiac Marina Pte Ltd[1998] 2 SLR 550_. From the evidence
before me (principally trade and advertising) they had demonstrated goodwill
in the business relating to the sale by the plaintiffs in Singapore of golf
clubs bearing the trade mark in Suit.

49 The plaintiffs argued that the defendants’ use in Singapore of the Umeda
Trade Mark on the 55ATi driver was a misrepresentation that driver was the
plaintiffs’ club or was in someway connected to or associated with the
plaintiffs. I concluded that a misrepresentation did arise from the
defendants’ activities, since the defendants’ 55ATi driver was not supplied by
the plaintiffs. It did not belong to the plaintiffs’ stable of clubs.

50 Finally on the issue of damage, the defendants’ actions had caused or were
likely to cause damage to the plaintiffs in terms of lost sales or the
diversion of business. Evidence of actual damage to the plaintiffs was not
required, even if it would be preferable. In this case the plaintiffs at the
very least had suffered the loss of sale of 6 of its own clubs (assuming the
defendants only imported 6 clubs as presented in their evidence). I was also
prepared to hold, after examining the golf clubs in question, that the
distribution of the 55ATi driver so marked would, in the circumstances of the
case, be likely to result in a likelihood of confusion. This finding would
similarly found an infringement under section 27(2) TMA, if the defendants’
sign was similar, as opposed to being identical to the plaintiffs’ trade mark.

51 On these facts, the acts of the defendants sufficiently constituted the
tort of passing off.

52 In response to the substantial claim for passing off, the defendants again
relied on the defence of parallel importation, citing the _Castrol_ and
_Revlon_ decisions, discussed above. _Castrol_ concerned physical differences
between products, and the explicit withholding of consent, which were both
inapplicable to present facts. The case of _Revlon_ was distinguishable on the
basis that the sources of the goods were companies within the same corporate
group. Moreover the reputation and goodwill that was generated by the sale of
the products in the UK, as packaged, could potentially extend to any goods of
the same genre dealt with by the multinational Revlon group trading in a
number of jurisdictions. There was therefore no misrepresentation as to the
commercial origin of these products, or their class and quality. It was held
that the defendants’ sale of Revlon Flex products, inspite of the American
origins of the products, could not constitute passing off.

53 What was also noteworthy about _Revlon_ was the observation by Templeman LJ
(as he then was), that the purchaser of Revlon Flex in London or New York or
elsewhere relied on the international reputation of the multinational Revlon
group. No purchaser knew or indeed cared about whether the product was made in
Wales by a Venezuelan company or in New York by a Delaware corporation (see pp
115-116). In the present case, the plaintiffs and the defendants were separate
and distinct entities. The golfing fraternity would be keen to know the
origins of, to take an example, the 55ATi driver. The plaintiffs would be
equally anxious to avoid any suggestion that the 55ATi derived from them, in
view of their own products bearing their proprietary trade mark.

54 These principles were also applied in _Sin Heak Hin Pte Ltd & Anor v_
_Yuasa Battery_ _Singapore Co Pte Ltd[1995] 3 SLR 590_. The plaintiffs sold
car batteries in Singapore. These batteries were made by a Chinese company
under licence from Yuasa Corp of Japan. Yuasa Corp had a Singapore subsidiary,
making car batteries in Singapore under licence from Yuasa Corp of Japan. The
Singapore subsidiary published an advertisement implying that the plaintiffs
were passing off. The plaintiffs sued for trade libel and the defendants
counterclaimed for passing off. It was held that the sale in Singapore of
batteries made in China under licence from Yuasa Corp of Japan could not
constitute passing off because the goods were legitimate goods made with the
consent of the licensor. Yuasa Corp had goodwill in the business of Yuasa
batteries in Singapore. Even if legitimate goods in China came into Singapore
through unauthorised sources there could still be no passing off. If the
Japanese parent could not maintain an action for passing off, its subsidiary
in Singapore would similarly fail in such an action. In the present case, I
could not see how this case was of any assistance to the defendants. Judith
Prakash J endorsed the following passage from para 202 of 49 Halsbury’s Laws
of England (4th Ed, Reissue), which I reproduce _in extenso_ :

“ ‘Parallel imports’ means strictly the importation and sale by others of
goods originating from the owner of industrial property rights in parallel
with his own importation of such goods whether carried out by himself or
through authorized agents, but is used more generally to describe the
importation and sale by third persons of goods obtained in another country
which originate from an international company or group irrespective of whether
the company or group satisfies the market in the United Kingdom by imports
from that country.

The importation and sale in the United Kingdom of the plaintiffs’ goods
bearing the marks under which the plaintiffs have allowed them to be sold in a
foreign country does not generally amount to passing off, since no
misrepresentation is involved as to the origin of the goods. Attempts by
plaintiffs to argue that the sale of goods bearing a manufacturer’s mark
impliedly represents that the goods has passed through the accustomed channels
of supply have been rejected by the courts, as has an attempt to sever and
assign the goodwill of the business importing the goods into the United
Kingdom from the goodwill of the business carried on in the country of origin.
It generally makes no difference that the imported goods originate not from
the same legal person who supplies the goods to the market in the United
Kingdom but from another member of the same group of companies, since in
modern trading conditions customers will usually neither know nor care which
company within a group is responsible for the sale of the goods, the
commercial origin of which is indicated by marks used by the group as a
whole…It is probable that goods which are manufactured to which marks are
applied under licence stand in the same position as goods actually made by a
member of the group of companies.”

55 As I had already found that the 55ATi golf clubs could not strictly be
‘parallel imports’, according to decided cases and the definition proffered
above, the defendants did not succeed in arguing that there was no
misrepresentation.

56 For the above reasons, the learned Assistant Registrar was correct to hold
that plaintiffs were entitled to judgment. The defendants’ appeal (RA 89/2003)
against that order was dismissed with costs fixed at SGD5,000.00.

**RA No. 90/2003** 57

This was the plaintiffs’ appeal on the issue of costs. Two applications for
summary judgment were before the learned Assistant Registrar. The first
application was taken by the plaintiffs on its claim, the other by the
defendants on their Counterclaim (a threats action). The hearings took one
afternoon, lasting almost 3 hours. Written submissions were tendered. The
learned Assistant Registrar awarded SGD2,500.00 and reasonable disbursements.
Taking the complexity of the arguments before the learned Assistant Registrar,
and the pleadings, affidavits and submissions filed, I allowed the appeal
against this order, and ordered the defendants to pay the plaintiffs the sum
of SGD8,000.00 in respect of the hearing below.

Defendants’ appeal in RA89/2003 dismissed  
Plaintiffs’ appeal in RA90/2003 allowed  
  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

