Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lwee Kwi Ling Mary v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 39

Case Number | : | CM 4/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 February 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edmond Pereira (Edmond Pereira & Partners) for the applicant; Sia Aik Kor (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lwee Kwi Ling Mary — Public Prosecutor   
  
Constitutional Law – President – Discretionary powers – Whether President has
exclusive power to suspend execution of sentence – Republic of Singapore
Independence Act (1985 Rev Ed) s 8(1), Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985
Rev Ed) s 237(1)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Execution – Offender serving
sentence at time of hearing – Whether court has power to suspend sentence –
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) s 223  
  

**Introduction**

This was an application by Mary Lwee Kwi Ling (‘Mary’), pursuant to s 223 of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68)(‘CPC’), for the sentence imposed on her
by the High Court in MA 146/2002/01 to be suspended until such time as the
President of the Republic of Singapore has determined her petition, pursuant
to s 8 of the Republic of Singapore Independence Act (‘RSIA’), to have her
sentence suspended.

**Facts**

2 Mary was convicted by the magistrate on a charge of criminal intimidation
for uttering a death threat at one Quek Chin Huat (‘Quek’), while wielding a
chopper at him, an offence punishable under s 506 of the Penal Code (Cap 224).
She was sentenced to 10 weeks’ imprisonment. Being dissatisfied with her
sentence, she appealed. On 28 January 2003, I dismissed her appeal and
enhanced her sentence to three months’ imprisonment. I also granted an
application by her counsel for her sentence to commence only after the Lunar
New Year Holidays, ie 4 February 2003. Mary had already commenced serving her
sentence by the time this motion was heard.

3 Mary took out the present application for her sentence to be suspended,
pursuant to s 223 of the CPC, because she intended to petition to the
President. The basis of her petition was her discovery, after her appeal was
dismissed, that one of the prosecution’s witnesses, one Kulwant Singh, had
given false evidence implicating her in the trial before the magistrate.
Kulwant Singh had since signed a statutory declaration admitting that he had
been bribed by Quek to say, _inter alia_ , that he saw chopper marks made by
Mary on a dining chair and on the door of her apartment, when in fact there
were no such marks. The Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau was
investigating into the matter.

**The issue**

4 The issues before me were, first, whether the court had the power to suspend
Mary’s sentence pursuant to s 223 of the CPC, and secondly, if the court had
the requisite power, whether the power should be exercised in her favour.

**The law**

5 Section 223 of the CPC reads:

Subject to the provision of this Code and of the Supreme Court of Judicature
Act, every sentence of imprisonment to which section 221 or 222 apply shall
take effect from the date on which it was passed, unless the court passing the
sentence or when there has been an appeal the appellate court otherwise
directs.

6 In my view, this section did not support Mary’s application for her sentence
to be suspended after she has commenced serving it. The section provides that
the court may direct that a sentence of imprisonment should _commence_ on a
date other than the date on which it was passed. In _Lim Teck Leng Roland v
Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 4 SLR 61, I ruled that a sentencing court could
entertain an application under s 223 of the CPC for a deferment of the
commencement of a sentence it passed even after a decision had been made
previously on the commencement date of the sentence. The court was not
_functus officio_ in such a case and could alter its decision in respect of
the commencement date of the sentence. This was because an order stipulating
the commencement date of a sentence did not amount to a "judgment" that was
unchangeable. However, once the offender has commenced serving his sentence,
it is clear from the words of s 223 of the CPC that the court does not possess
the power to re-consider its decision because it can no longer direct that the
sentence shall commence on another date. Accordingly, since Mary had already
commenced serving her sentence, she could not rely on s 223 of the CPC to
defer the commencement of her sentence.

7 The relevant statutory provisions make it clear that the President has the
sole prerogative to suspend the execution of a sentence, by virtue of his
office. Section 8(1) of the RSIA, which is a constitutional document, reads:

The President, as occasion shall arise, may, on the advice of the Cabinet –

a. grant a pardon to any accomplice in any offence who gives information which
leads to the conviction of the principal offender or any one of the principal
offenders, if more than one;

b. grant to any offender convicted of any offence in any court in Singapore, a
pardon, free or subject to lawful conditions, or any reprieve or respite,
either indefinite or for such period as the President may think fit, of the
execution of any sentence pronounced on such offender; or

c. remit the whole or any part of such sentence or of any penalty or
forfeiture imposed by law.

8 In recognition of this, s 237(1) of the CPC also provides the power for the
suspension by the President of the execution of any sentence imposed by a
court. That sub-section reads:

When any person has been sentenced to punishment for an offence, the
President, acting in accordance with section 8 of the Republic of Singapore
Independence Act may at any time, without conditions or upon any conditions
which the person sentenced accepts, suspend the execution of his sentence or
remit the whole or any part of the punishment to which he has been sentenced.

9 Parliament, by these two provisions, granted the power to suspend the
execution of a sentence only to the President. As a matter of constitutional
law, the suspension of sentences are not part of the court’s functions and the
court cannot usurp the prerogative of the President conferred by statute.

10 The Court of Appeal in _Jabar v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR 617 also
arrived at the same conclusion that the President, and not the courts, may
exercise the powers under s 8(1) of the RSIA, although that decision was with
respect to the power to order a stay of execution. The facts of the case were
as follows: One Jabar, was convicted on a charge of murder with two others and
sentenced to death. On appeal, his conviction was upheld. He petitioned to the
President for clemency but the petition was rejected. On the eve of his
scheduled execution, Jabar sought a stay of execution from the President when
his co-accused claimed that he was solely liable for the murder. The stay was
granted and Jabar filed a further petition for clemency. However, this
petition was subsequently rejected as well. On the eve of the re-scheduled
execution, Jabar filed an application to the High Court seeking a stay of
execution of the death sentence on the basis that the execution was
unconstitutional due to the prolonged delay in executing the sentence. The
High Court dismissed the application. The President ordered a respite pending
an appeal to the Court of Appeal which ruled that the courts did not have the
power to order a stay of execution. At p 632C of the report, the court held
that s 8(1) of the RSIA gave the President the exclusive power to order a stay
of execution. Therefore, the court did not possess the power to do so. By this
interpretation of s 8(1), the courts similarly do not have the power to order
a suspension of the execution of a sentence as that sub-section only gives the
President such a power.

**Conclusion**

11 As the court did not possess the power to suspend the execution of Mary’s
sentence, it was unnecessary for me to consider whether the circumstances of
this case warranted a suspension of the sentence. Accordingly, I dismissed the
motion. I noted that Mary was not left without recourse and the proper
mechanism for her to seek a suspension of the execution of her sentence was to
petition directly to the President pursuant to s 8(1) of the RSIA.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Feb 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

