Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Wishing Star Ltd v Jurong Town Corp  
[2003] SGHC 276

Case Number | : | Suit 31/2003, RA 315/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edmund Kronenburg (Drew & Napier LLC) for the plaintiffs; Ho Chien Mien (Allen & Gledhill) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Wishing Star Ltd — Jurong Town Corp   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Security – Exercise of court's discretion to order
security for costs  
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Security – Whether plaintiff company "ordinarily
resident out of jurisdiction" – O 23 r 1(1)(a) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
1997 Rev Ed)  
  

1 This was an appeal by the defendants against the order of the assistant
registrar dismissing the defendants’ application for security for costs to be
provided by the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs are a company registered in Hong
Kong with a registered branch in Singapore. The defendants applied under O 23
r 1(1)(a) of the Rules of Court for security for costs in the sum of $400,000
to be furnished because they say that the plaintiffs are ‘ordinarily resident
out of jurisdiction’. Mr Kronenburg, counsel for the plaintiffs submitted
before me that an order for the provision of security for costs should not be
made because the plaintiffs are not ordinarily resident out of jurisdiction,
and in any event, the court ought not exercise its discretion to order
security in this case.

2 In regard to the first issue, Mr Kronenburg’s argument was simply that a
company that has a registered branch in Singapore cannot be described as one
that is ordinarily resident outside its jurisdiction. Mr Kronenburg submitted
that once a branch is registered in the jurisdiction, one need not look
further to enquire where the seat of governance is. The branch, in other
words, establishes the residency of the company. He further argued that not
only did the plaintiffs register a branch in Singapore, it was carrying on
business in Singapore, unlike the plaintiffs in _Re Little Olympian Each Ways_
[1994] 4 All ER 561. Mr Ho, counsel for the defendants, argued that whether a
company is ‘ordinarily resident’ is determined by where the ‘central
management and control’ of the company is located.

3 A branch is but a part of the company. When reference is made to the term
‘ordinarily resident’ it applies to the company and not to its branches. The
question arises as to whether a company can be ordinarily resident in a
jurisdiction where its branches is located. Generally speaking, it would do
violence to the language to hold that anyone, whether a body corporate or an
individual person, may be said to be ordinarily resident in more than one
place at a time. A person or a company may always set up more than one
residence in as many jurisdiction as they can afford - but a house is not a
home. Support for this view can be gleaned from the judgment of the court in
_Jones v Scottish Accident Co_ (1886) 17 QBD 421, 423: 'An individual carrying
on business in Scotland with branches in England is resident at the place
where he carries on his business; why should we adopt a different rule for a
company'. Security for costs may be sought against a corporation under the
Companies Act only if that corporation is not 'ordinarily resident' in
Singapore. Having a registered branch does not necessarily satisfy that
criteria. It is no more than having another address, another house. We want to
be satisfied that the corporation has deeper roots than that so that it may be
excused from providing security for costs in the event that it fails in the
action. Hence, having registered an office or even carrying on some of its
business through that address may not be sufficient in this regard. There are
also authorities from the Canadian courts that support the proposition that a
mere presence of a branch within the jurisdiction (when the parent is outside
jurisdiction) still entitles the defendants to security for costs. See, for
example, _Canadian Railway Accident Co. v Kelly_ (1907) Vol XVI, Manitoba R.
608.

4 Therefore, in itself, the mere fact that a company has a branch within the
jurisdiction does not confer any special reason to deny a defendants from
getting security for costs. It is possible that a company who has a registered
office elsewhere prefers to operate principally from its branch. In such a
case, it is possible that the company may be said to be ordinarily resident in
the jurisdiction where that branch is located. Thus, courts have preferred to
apply 'the central management and command of the company' test. The central
management and control test is also applied in revenue cases and although it
is, in my view, desirable that the same test be applied uniformly in respect
of the residency of a company (see _De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd v Howe_
[1906] AC 455), liability for tax purposes and liability for providing
security for costs are essentially very different matters and some exceptions
must be recognised. An example would those cases in which the management and
control is divided. It is, of course, possible that a company comprising of,
say three main shareholders and directors, may have three equally dominant
centres of management if each of the three operate in like manner and extent
in different jurisdictions. In such cases, the company may be said to be
ordinarily resident in each of the three jurisdictions for the purposes of an
application for security for costs. On the affidavit evidence, it does not
appear that Wishing Star Ltd falls into this category. It has a branch, and a
reasonably active one involved in a major construction project here. But the
seat of management of the company is still in Hong Kong.

6 I now turn to the question as to whether this court ought to have exercised
its discretion in ordering the plaintiffs to provide security for costs. The
assistant registrar did not think so and declined to make the order. I am of
the same opinion and therefore dismissed the defendants’ appeal. The
plaintiffs’ case was for wrongful termination of their employment as a
nominated sub-contractor in a major construction project called 'The
Biopolis'. The contract awarded was valued at $54m. The plaintiffs were
engaged to design, produce, and install curtain wall cladding for the building
to be constructed.  The defendants terminated the contract on the grounds of
misrepresentation, and launched a counter-claim for damages arising from their
having to engage new contractors. The counter-claim was launched from the same
springboard as its defence, that is to say, that the facts which they found to
justify the termination of the plaintiffs' employment are also being relied
upon for their counter-claim for damages. And some of which are also now used
to support their application for security. This is the sort of situations we
call 'over-lapping claims' and they are capable of providing a nasty twist
consequent upon an order for security. If security is ordered but the
plaintiffs do not or are incapable of providing it, its claim will be stayed
but the counter-claim will proceed. The result will be that the plaintiffs are
prevented from pursuing his claim but the trial largely on the same facts will
proceed with an obvious advantage to the defendants. This was a factor that
was taken into account in _B J Crabtree (Insulation) Ltd v G P T Communication
Systems Ltd_ [1994] 59 BLR 43. But Mr. Ho submitted on behalf of the
defendants before me that _Crabtree_ is different because the plaintiffs in
that case was impecunious so that the severe consequences would almost
certainly have befallen on it, the plaintiffs in the present case, on the
other hand, are not impecunious and are able to pay. If that were so, the only
question really, is whether there is any reason to suppose that the plaintiffs
would not pay in the event that they fail in their claim and lose the counter-
claim. I note that counsel for the defendants made various allusions to
deliberate concealment of the plaintiffs' current financial position. He
argued that the plaintiffs' assertion that it has assets of HK$29m was out-
dated. But either the defendants accept that the plaintiffs can pay or it does
not. In view of the conflicting arguments, I am not inclined to accept that
the plaintiffs were deliberately concealing its impecuniosity, and thought it
fairer to regard the circumstances as one in which the issue was whether there
were grounds to believe that the plaintiffs would not pay should they lose the
case.

7 Mr. Ho relied on some of the evidence that the defendants hoped to adduce at
trial, namely that the plaintiffs have no substantial assets in either
Singapore or Hong Kong. Allusions were also made, hinting that the plaintiffs
were not honest and therefore unlikely to honour any court order as to costs.
However, I was unable to be fully convinced that this would be the case. The
plaintiffs are, after all, a reputable Hong Kong company with business
interests in Singapore and there was no reason to suppose that a company like
that would not pay its costs if ordered to do so. Any petulant refusal to pay
costs at the end of trial may be too high a price for a viable commercial
company because the ensuing loss of reputation on that account would probably
be far more severe than paying the costs. It is not disputed that there is
reciprocal enforcement of judgments between Singapore and Hong Kong. I accept
that ordinarily, a successful party ought as far as possible not be put to the
extra expense of enforcing a judgment. But this is not an intractable rule. On
the pleadings, the plaintiffs had an ostensibly viable claim and the
defendants an equally viable defence and counter-claim. I was therefore
hesitant in giving too much weight to the expense of having to enforce a
judgment in Hong Kong, considering also that the defendants are not an
individual, but a large institution itself. Furthermore, this application for
costs was made a little too late and the amount asked for a little too large.
Even a wealthy company may not produce security of $400,000 that the
defendants were asking for in a short time. The suit was commenced on 13
January 2003 but security was applied for only on 15 August 2003. The trial
commenced on 3 November 2003. The appeal against the registrar's decision was
heard on 18 and 25 September 2003 and further arguments on the point regarding
the definition of 'ordinarily resident' was heard on 27 October 2003 at the
request of Mr Ho. In other circumstances, the court may order a smaller amount
to be provided, or that a longer time be given to the plaintiffs to raise the
money, or may impose both conditions. In the overall circumstances of this
case, however, I would not make an order for the provision of security for
costs.

8 On the whole, I was not convinced that an order for security ought to be
made, and therefore dismissed the defendants' appeal. The grounds herein do
not include material and evidence adduced at the trial presently proceeding
before me.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

