Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Lee Hong Hwee  
[2003] SGHC 266

Case Number | : | MA 59/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 29 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  David Chew Siong Tai (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the appellant; Gordon Oh (Ari, Goh & Partners) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Lee Hong Hwee   
  
Road Traffic – Offences – Using vehicle without insurance policy in respect of
third-party risks – Whether proviso in insurance policy excludes insurance
coverage because accused was driving de-registered vehicle and without valid
vehicle licence – Section 3(1) Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and
Compensation) Act (Cap 189, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  

1 The respondent, Lee Hong Hwee, was acquitted in the district court on a
charge of using a vehicle without an insurance policy in respect of third
party risks, an offence under s 3(1) of the Motor Vehicles (Third-Party Risks
and Compensation) Act (Cap 189) (‘MVA’). The prosecution appealed. I dismissed
the appeal, and now give my reasons.

**Background**

_Facts_

2 In the district court, evidence was led by way of a statement of agreed
facts. The respondent was the registered owner of a motor van bearing the
registration number GL 1372 Z (‘the van’). On 8 June 2000, the Land Transport
Authority notified the respondent that the Certificate of Entitlement (‘COE’)
for the van was due to expire on 31 July 2000. He did not revalidate the COE.
On 1 August 2000, the van was automatically de-registered.

3 On 2 August 2000, the ERP facility along Queen Street detected the van
entering the ERP zone. The respondent did not dispute that he had been driving
the van at the material time. Three different charges were subsequently
brought against him in the district court.

_The two charges under the Road Traffic Act_

4 The first charge alleged that the respondent had used a de-registered
vehicle, and had thereby committed an offence under s 10(1) of the Road
Traffic Act (Cap 276) (‘RTA’). The second charge alleged that the respondent
had used a vehicle for which no valid vehicle licence was in force, and had
thereby committed an offence under s 29(1) of the RTA.

5 The respondent pleaded guilty to the first two charges. He was convicted,
and fined $400 in respect of each charge. I refer to these two charges herein
as ‘the RTA convictions.’

_The charge under the MVA_

6 The respondent claimed trial to the third charge. This charge alleged that
he had used a vehicle without a policy of insurance in respect of third-party
risks, and had thereby committed an offence under s 3(1) of the MVA (‘the MVA
offence’).

7 There was no dispute that the van was insured in respect of third-party
risks with The Hartford Insurance Company (Singapore) Limited (‘Hartford’) for
the period 4 December 1999 to 3 December 2000. This policy is referred to
herein as ‘the Hartford policy.’

8 Clause 5 of the Certificate of Insurance forming part of the Hartford policy
was headed ‘Persons or Classes of Persons entitled to drive.’ The respondent,
as the policy-holder, was clearly one such person. However, clause 5 contained
a proviso, which read:

Provided that the person driving is permitted in accordance with the licensing
or other laws or regulations to drive the Motor Vehicle or has been so
permitted and is not disqualified by order of a Court of Law or by reason of
any enactment or regulation in that behalf from driving the Motor Vehicle.

Clause 5 and its proviso are standard terms in many motor vehicle insurance
policies.

9 The issue before the district judge was whether, because the respondent had
been driving a vehicle that was de-registered, and for which there was no
valid vehicle licence, the proviso excluded insurance coverage so that he had
also committed the MVA offence.

10 It was not disputed that the respondent held a valid Class 3 driving
licence at the material time. The district judge therefore had to decide what
effect the RTA convictions had on the operation of the Hartford policy.

**The decision below**

11 The district judge found that the RTA convictions did not affect the
operation of the Hartford policy. He was of the view that clause 5 and the
proviso referred to a person’s legal ability to drive, as distinct from the
manner in which the motor vehicle driven may or may not be used. The district
judge determined that the word ‘disqualification’ as used in the proviso had
to mean express disqualification from, or the loss of, the right to drive. In
his view, the RTA convictions did not have this effect.

12 That being the case, the district judge acquitted the respondent of the MVA
offence. In the course of his reasoning, the district judge relied on the
Malaysian case of _Public Prosecutor v Lim Ching Chuan_ [1972] 1 MLJ 27. He
declined to follow a passage cited to him by the prosecution from _Public
Prosecutor v See Albert_ [1969-1971] SLR 419 at 422A-B, a decision of the
Singapore High Court, on the ground that it was _obiter dicta_.

The appeal

13 The crux of this appeal was essentially whether the proviso’s reference to
permission to drive the motor vehicle encompassed licensing requirements for
the van as well as the driver, or whether it was limited only to licensing
requirements for the driver. If it was the former, the respondent would have
committed the MVA offence. If the latter, he would not.

14 Before me, the DPP advanced two main arguments in support of his contention
that the district judge, in not adopting the former conclusion, had erred in
law. First, he had failed to give the proviso its plain and ordinary meaning.
Second, he had departed from _Public Prosecutor v See Albert_ , a decision
that was binding on him by virtue of the rules of _stare decisis_.

_Construction of the proviso in the Hartford policy_

15 I should state at the outset that Hartford’s position, as documented in the
Record of Proceedings, was that the Hartford policy remained in force on 2
August 2000 despite the respondent’s RTA convictions. However, that was not
_ipso facto_ conclusive of the matter. In _Public Prosecutor v See Albert_ ,
Wee Chong Jin CJ said at 422F-G:

the question to be decided in every case before a court under s 3 of the Motor
Vehicles (Third-Party Risks and Compensation) Ordinance 1960 [_in pari
materia_ with s 3 of the MVA] is whether or not, _as a matter of construction_
, a _particular policy_ covers the defendant at the time he was driving the
motor vehicle described in the policy and not whether the insurance co [_sic_]
would regard itself as being on risk if an accident occurs. [Emphasis added.]

My duty, therefore, was to determine the true meaning of the proviso according
to the rules of construction ordinarily applicable to commercial contracts.

16 On the other hand, it was not correct to say that Hartford’s position was
entirely irrelevant to the question before me. The learned editors of
_MacGillivray on Insurance Law_ (10 ed, 2003) set out the appropriate balance
to be struck thus at paragraph 29-8, p 875:

Where there is a doubt as to whether a particular use is covered by the policy
owing to an ambiguous exceptions clause or other term, it appears that the
court _may_ accept evidence from the insurers, that they regard themselves on
risk, as establishing that cover was in force. But such evidence will be of no
account _if the construction of the relevant clause is clear_ , or if the
question is whether or not an enforceable contract of insurance has been
concluded, or if the relevant user is forbidden by law. [Emphasis added.]

I noted that this reflected the position of the English Court of Appeal in
_Cargill v Rowland_ [1953] 1 All ER 486, which was cited to me by counsel for
the respondent.

17 I was not persuaded by the DPP’s argument that the plain and ordinary
reading of the proviso led incontrovertibly to only one meaning. In my view,
the words of the proviso, _without more_ , were perfectly compatible with
either interpretation set out above. I was guided, too, by the learned editors
of _MacGillivray on Insurance Law_ who state further, at paragraph 11-2, p
278:

[t]he first and overriding consideration in construing any phrase or form of
words in a policy is to inquire whether these have been the subject of any
prior decision by a court. The proper construction to be placed on words is a
matter of law for the court.

With these principles in mind, I turned to examine _Public Prosecutor v See
Albert_ , in which precisely the same proviso was given scrutiny by Wee CJ.

_The decision in_ Public Prosecutor v See Albert

18 The facts were these. The defendant was driving a motorcycle with an
expired provisional driving licence (‘PDL’). He also failed to display ‘L’
plates as required by the terms of his PDL. He had an insurance policy
covering third-party risks, which was still valid at the material time. The
policy contained a proviso _in pari materia_ with that in the present appeal.
The issue before Wee CJ was the same as the issue now before me.

19 Wee CJ was of the opinion that the insurance policy was not in force at the
material time, and that the offence under the then-equivalent of s 3(1) of the
MVA had been proved. He could see ‘no ambiguity or doubt’ as to the
interpretation of the proviso. In his view, any such previous doubts had
arisen from the English cases of _Edwards v Griffiths_ [1953] 1 WLR 1199 and
_Mumford v Hardy_ [1956] 1 WLR 163. The proviso in those cases was completely
different. It read:

Provided that the person driving _holds a licence to drive_ such motor-cycle
or _has held_ and is not disqualified by order of a court of law or by reason
of any enactment or regulation in that behalf _for holding and obtaining such
a licence_. [Emphasis added.]

Wee CJ then observed, at 422A-B:

The proviso construed in the English cases refers to the _holding of a
licence_ to drive and to the disqualification for _holding or obtaining a
licence_ to drive whereas the proviso to be construed in the present case is
_completely different_ and refers, not to the holding of a licence to drive,
but to the _permission to drive_ and to _disqualification_ , not for holding
or obtaining a licence to drive, but _from driving_. [Emphasis added.]

This was precisely the passage relied upon by the DPP, and which the district
judge pronounced _obiter_.

20 I could not agree with this aspect of the district judge’s decision. In my
view, this passage was part of the very _ratio decidendi_ of _Public
Prosecutor v See Albert_. To that extent only, I agreed with the DPP.

21 Nevertheless, and this was crucial to the disposal of the present appeal, I
was of the view that _Public Prosecutor v See Albert_ was distinguishable on
its facts. First, the defendant in that case was not permitted to drive
without ‘L’ plates (even if his PDL had been valid) by virtue of r 13(6)(c) of
the Motor Vehicles (Driving Licences) Rules 1969 – he had thereby broken the
first limb of the proviso. Second, the defendant was expressly disqualified by
virtue of s 13(1) of the Road Traffic Ordinance 1961 from driving because his
PDL had expired – he had thereby broken the second limb of the proviso.

22 In my view, then, the effect of Wee CJ’s decision in _Public Prosecutor v
See Albert_ was simply this. The proviso would have excluded insurance
coverage only if the respondent’s own legal ability to drive had been
circumscribed by a breach of the conditions attached to his driving licence,
or if he had been disqualified from the act of driving _per se_.

23 Unlike the defendant in _Public Prosecutor v See Albert_ , the respondent
in the present appeal escaped liability for the MVA offence because he had
neither breached any of the licensing conditions attaching to his own legal
ability to drive, nor had he been disqualified from the act of driving. The
RTA convictions related, instead, to vehicle licensing requirements.
Therefore, the respondent had not committed the MVA offence.

24 This conclusion was strengthened by a close reading of the authorities
considered in Wee CJ’s judgment, as well as the 1972 Malaysian case of _Public
Prosecutor v Lim Ching Chuan_ , the case relied on by the district judge.
Ostensibly the district judge relied on the Malaysian case because the
defendant therein, who had, like the respondent, been driving with an expired
road tax licence, was acquitted. This case followed the earlier Malaysian
decision of _Tan Kwang Chin v Public Prosecutor_ [1959] MLJ 252. In _Public
Prosecutor v See Albert_ , Wee CJ acknowledged that his own decision would
appear to conflict with _Tan Kwang Chin v Public Prosecutor_. I venture to
reason that it was this that caused some misunderstanding in the present
appeal.

25 Upon perusing the authorities I formed the opinion that the difference
between the Singapore and Malaysian positions on the point of law now before
me really had nothing to do with whether the breach of licensing requirements
related to the driver, or to the vehicle. The real disparity was in the
respective courts’ treatment of two _different_ provisos commonly used in
motor vehicle insurance policies. The Malaysian view was that both provisos
carry the same meaning: _Tan Kwang Chin v Public Prosecutor_ at 253E-F. The
Singapore view, as elucidated by Wee CJ in _Public Prosecutor v See Albert_ ,
was that they do _not_. As Wee CJ made clear, the question in every case
before the court is whether _as a matter of construction_ the terms of that
_particular_ policy affords the defendant the requisite insurance coverage
under the MVA. It would appear that the Malaysian courts do not subscribe to
that approach.

26 Simply put, the divergence is this. Under our law, mere _expiry_ of one’s
driving licence suffices to deprive a driver of insurance coverage where his
insurance policy contains a proviso _in pari materia_ with the present one.
The Malaysian courts differ from ours in this respect, and take the view that
what is necessary is nothing less than an order of court disqualifying the
defendant from driving – regardless of the words of the particular proviso
before the court.

27 It was for this reason that Wee CJ refused to follow the Malaysian case of
_Tan Kwang Chin v Public Prosecutor_ , which was then followed in _Public
Prosecutor v Lim Ching Chuan_. The different results in the Singapore and
Malaysian authorities had no relation to the nature of the licensing
requirements breached in each case.

28 That being so, I was of the opinion that Wee CJ’s remarks in _Public
Prosecutor v See Albert_ firmly supported an acquittal on the present facts. I
should add that it is settled law that I am at liberty to depart from _Public
Prosecutor v See Albert_ if necessary: _Wong Hong Toy v Public Prosecutor_
[1994] 3 SLR 396; _M V Balakrishnan v Public Prosecutor_ , Criminal Motion
9/1998, HC, unreported judgment dated 8 July 1998. However, I saw no
compelling reason to do so in the present case. Furthermore, the preservation
of a clear line of precedent from _Public Prosecutor v See Albert_ served the
interests of promoting certainty. I agreed with this basic principle in _M V
Balakrishnan v Public Prosecutor_ and affirm it now.

29 For the sake of completeness, I should also add that this decision does not
stand for the proposition that an offence under s 3(1) of the MVA is _only_
made out where the breach of licensing requirements relates to the driver, and
not the vehicle. I took the DPP’s point that the outcome of this appeal had
wide-ranging ramifications since breaches of licensing conditions are common
bases for prosecutions under s 3(1). I also took his point that cases under s
3(1) may certainly be made out where the breach of licensing requirements
relates to the vehicle, rather than the driver: _Lim Cheng Wai v Public
Prosecutor_ [1988] 3 MLJ 309; _Kerridge v Rush_ [1952] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 305.

30 However, it bears repeating that each case is determined on its own
particular facts. Obviously, while industrial usage will mean that certain
terms are uniform across all motor vehicle insurance policies, not every term
is invariably identical. The defendants in _Lim Cheng Wai v Public Prosecutor_
and _Kerridge v Rush_ were deprived of insurance coverage because the policies
in question clearly prohibited particular uses of the insured vehicle. In _Lim
Cheng Wai v Public Prosecutor_ , for example, the defendant had permitted
another person to use a school bus to ferry adult passengers without an Adult
Workers Contract Permit when his insurance policy explicitly limited such use
only to instances where an Adult Workers Contract Permit was held.

31 Finally, it was my view that interpreting the proviso so that it was
limited to the driver’s own legal ability to drive was consistent not only
with _Public Prosecutor v See Albert_ , but with the objective of the MVA. The
preamble to the MVA reads:

An Act to provide against third-party risks arising out of the use of motor
vehicles and for the payment of compensation in respect of death or bodily
injury arising out of the use of motor vehicles and for matters incidental
thereto.

The very _raison d’etre_ of mandatory insurance under the MVA is to protect
third-party road users, not the insured driver. There was no question here of
the respondent benefiting from his own wrong.

32 As I have made clear in previous cases under s 3(1), the prevention of a
situation in which accident victims are left without any compensation lay at
the very heart of the enactment of the section: _Chandara Sagaran s/o Rengayah
v Public Prosecutor_ [2003] 2 SLR 79 at 82; _Stewart Ashley James v Public
Prosecutor_ [1996] 3 SLR 426 at 429G. I was also guided in this respect by the
Court of Appeal’s opinion in _Public Prosecutor v Kum Chee Cheong_ [1994] 1
SLR 231 at 243C.

Conclusion

33 For the foregoing reasons, while I could not agree with the district
judge’s treatment of _Public Prosecutor v See Albert_ in his grounds of
decision, I was nonetheless of the opinion that the acquittal should be
upheld. I dismissed the prosecution’s appeal accordingly.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 29 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

