Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Koh Gek Hwa v Yang Hwai Ming and Another  
[2003] SGHC 216

Case Number | : | OM 17/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Siva Murugaiyan and Parveen Kaur Nagpal (Sant Singh Partnership) for the appellant; Low Chai Chong and Suchitra Ragupathy (Rodyk & Davidson) for the respondents   
Parties | : |  Koh Gek Hwa — Yang Hwai Ming; Long Sok Goon Nancy   
  
Land – Strata titles – Collective sales – Whether sale made in good faith –
Relationship of purchaser to proprietor – Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158,
1999 Rev Ed) s 84D(7)(a)  
  
Land – Strata titles – Strata titles board – Appeal to High Court on Board's
decision – Whether Board in error of law – Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158,
1999 Rev Ed) ss 84D, 108(1)  
  

1 In this application, Ms Koh Gek Hwa is appealing against the decision of the
Strata Titles Board (“the Board”) on an application made by Yang Hwai Ming and
Long Sok Goon Nancy on behalf of the rest of the owners of units in a
development known as Dragon Court. I will refer to all the other owners,
except Ms Koh, as “the Majority”.

2 The application sought an order from the Board that the units in Dragon
Court be sold collectively to Limau Heights Development Pte Ltd (“Limau”) and
other consequential orders. Ms Koh objected to the application. After
receiving evidence and submissions, the Board made the orders sought by the
Majority. Its Grounds of Decision is dated 20 June 2003.

3 After hearing submissions, I dismissed Ms Koh’s appeal. I now set out my
reasons.

**Background**

4 Dragon Court is an old development of more than ten years. There is no
Management Corporation. Its facilities are maintained by those owners who care
to maintain it. It is a small residential development at Holland Road of about
3,318.4 square metres. The plot of land is almost triangular in shape and has
a frontage of about 115 metres to Holland Road. The development comprises a
block of three storey walk-up apartments with six units and a block of four
story walk-up apartments with eight units. Accordingly, there are 14 units in
Dragon Court. In 1995, Philando Pte Ltd (“Philando”) purchased nine units at a
price of $1.12 million per unit. The other five units remained owned by
different owners.

5 The first attempt to sell Dragon Court collectively by tender was made by
property consultants DTZ Debenham Tie Leung (SEA) Pte Ltd (“DTZ”). This was on
or about 5 September 2000. DTZ had sent mailers to about 150 developers and
placed a total of six advertisements in the press. The tender closed on 3
October 2000 but no bid was received.

6 On 14 May 2002, DTZ wrote to all owners calling for a meeting on 23 May 2002
to discuss a fresh round of collective sale. After the meeting, DTZ sent
another letter dated 17 June 2002 to all the owners to inform them of the
outcome of the meeting. The letter stated that the owners present at the
meeting were agreeable to a fresh round of collective sale and the reserve
price was $12.81 million reflecting $915,000 per unit.

7 What had happened was that the meeting had actually agreed to proceed with a
lower reserve price of $12.74 million recommended by DTZ. However, after the
meeting, Philando suggested that the reserve price be increased to $12.81
million. Hence DTZ’s letter of 17 June 2002 stated the higher reserve price.

8 By September 2002, the owners having more than 80% of the shares in Dragon
Court had signed a Collective Sale Agreement under which the sale proceeds
would be apportioned equally for each unit having regard to the same size and
share value of each unit. On 8 October 2002, Rodyk & Davidson wrote to Ms Koh
and one Ms Oh Kim Bee Katherine to inform them of this development and to
invite them to join in the collective sale. On 10 October 2002, DTZ launched
the sale by tender and marketed it for four weeks. Again six advertisements
were placed in the press and mailers were sent this time to about 180
developers. Nine parties collected the tender documents. Five parties visited
the site.

9 The tender closed on 6 November 2002 at 4pm. Only one bid was received. This
was submitted by Limau for $12.9 million ie slightly higher than the reserve
price of $12.81 million.

10 On 5 December 2002, Rodyk & Davidson accepted this bid and requested Limau
to furnish a statutory declaration on its relationship with Philando.

11 By a letter dated 18 December 2002, DTZ wrote to Ms Koh and Ms Katherine Oh
informing them of the intended sale to Limau at $12.9 million and that the
pre-requisite number of owners had signed the Collective Sale Agreement. The
letter also stated that those who had signed would apply to the Board for an
order to sell Dragon Court under the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158) (“the
Act”). Subsequently, on 28 January 2003, Ms Katherine Oh also signed the
Collective Sale Agreement thereby leaving Ms Koh as the only owner who had not
done so.

12 Also on 28 January 2003, an Extra-Ordinary General Meeting of Dragon Court
was convened to discuss the collective sale.

13 On 13 February 2003, the Majority made the application to the Board which I
have mentioned.

14 On 5 March 2003, Ms Koh filed an objection on the following grounds:

(a) She would suffer a financial loss

(b) The transaction was not made in good faith in view of the following:

(i) The sale price

(ii) The method of distributing the proceeds of sale

(iii) The relationship between Limau and Philando.

15 As I have mentioned, the Board made the orders sought by the Majority after
receiving evidence and submissions. This was after mediation by the Board had
failed. Among the witnesses were two valuers. One was Tan Keng Chiam from
Jones Lang LaSalle Property Consultants Pte Ltd for the Majority. The other
was Lim Soo Chin from Vigers International Property Consultants (Singapore)
Pte Ltd for Ms Koh.

**The law**

16 The relevant statutory provisions were s 84D(1), (2)(b), (3), (5)(a), (6)
and (7)(a) of the Act which state:

84D (1) This section shall apply where there are subsisting leases of flats in
a development registered under the Registration of Deeds Act (Cap.269) or the
Land Titles Act (Cap.157) and the proprietors of the flats own the land
comprised in the development.

(2) An application to a Board for an order for the sale of all the flats and
the land in a development to which this section applies may be made by -

(a) ….

(b) the proprietors of the flats who own not less than 80% share of the land
where 10 years or more have passed since the date of the issue of the latest
Temporary Occupation Permit on completion of any building comprised in the
development or, if no Temporary Occupation Permit was issued, the date of the
issue of the latest Certificate of Statutory Completion for any building
comprised in the development, whichever is the later,

who have agreed in writing to sell all the flats and the land in the
development to a purchaser under a sale and purchase agreement which specifies
the proposed method of distributing the sale proceeds to all the proprietors
of the flats (whether in cash or kind or both), subject to an order being made
under subsection (4) or (5).

(3) A proprietor of any flat in the development who has not agreed in writing
to the sale referred to in subsection (2) and any mortgage, chargee or other
person (other than a lessee) with an estate or interest in the flat and whose
interest is notified on the land-register for that flat may each file an
objection with a Board stating the grounds for the objection within 21 days of
the date of the notice served pursuant to the Fourth Schedule or such further
period as the Board may allow.

(4) ….

(5) Where one or more objections have been filed under subsection (3), the
Board shall, subject to subsection (7), after mediation, if any, approve the
application made under subsection (2) and order that the flats and the land in
the development be sold unless, having regard to the objections, the Board is
satisfied that -

(a) any objector, being a proprietor, will incur a financial loss; or

(b) ….

(6) For the purposes of subsection (5)(a), a proprietor -

(a) shall be taken to have incurred a financial loss if the proceeds of sale
for his flat, after any deduction allowed by the Board, are less than the
price he paid for his flat;

(b) shall not be taken to have incurred a financial loss by reason only that
his net gain from the sale of his flat will be less than the other
proprietors.

(7) The Board shall not approve an application made under subsection (2) if
the Board is satisfied that -

(a) the transaction is not in good faith after taking into account only the
following factors:

(i) the sale price for the flats and the land in the development;

(ii) the method of distributing the proceeds of sale; and

(iii) the relationship of the purchaser to any of the proprietors; or

(b) ….

17 Under s 108(1) of the Act:

No appeal shall lie to the High Court against an order made by a Board except
on a point of law.

18 Mr Siva Murugaiyan, Counsel for Ms Koh, relied on _MC Strata Title No 958 v
Tay Soo Seng_ [1993] 1 SLR 870, where Selvam JC said, at p 875:

The following statement in 1(1) _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ (4th Ed, Reissue)
para 70 gives a useful guidance on what constitute errors of law:

Errors of law include misinterpretation of a statute or any other legal
document or a rule of common law; asking oneself and answering the wrong
question, taking irrelevant considerations into account or failing to take
relevant considerations into account when purporting to apply the law to the
facts; admitting inadmissible evidence or rejecting admissible and relevant
evidence; exercising a discretion on the basis of incorrect legal principles;
giving reasons which disclose faulty legal reasoning or which are inadequate
to fulfil an express duty to give reasons; and misdirecting oneself as to the
burden of proof.

19 Mr Low Chai Chong, Counsel for the Majority, did not dispute this summary.
However, he relied on _Edwards (Inspector of Taxes) v Bairstow_ [1956] AC 14
where Lord Radcliffe said at p 35 and 36:

My Lords, I must apologise for taking so much time to repeat what I believe to
be settled law. But it seemed to be desirable to say this much, having regard
to what appears in the judgments in the courts below as to a possible
divergence of principle between the English and Scottish courts. I think that
the true position of the court in all these cases can be shortly stated. If a
party to a hearing before commissioners expresses dissatisfaction with their
determination as being erroneous in point of law, it is for them to state a
case and in the body of it to set out the facts that they have found as well
as their determination. …. If the case contains anything ex facie which is bad
law and which bears upon the determination, it is, obviously, erroneous in
point of law. But, without any such misconception appearing ex facie, it may
be that the facts found are such that no person acting judicially and properly
instructed as to the relevant law could have come to the determination under
appeal. In those circumstances, too, the court must intervene. ….

20 Mr Murugaiyan did not quarrel with that passage of the judgment of Lord
Radcliffe.

21 In addition, O 55 r 6(7) of the Rules of Court provides:

The Court shall not be bound to allow the appeal on the ground of
misdirection, or of the improper exclusion or rejection of evidence, unless in
the opinion of the Court substantial wrong or miscarriage has been thereby
occasioned.

**The hearing before me**

22 Before me, Mr Murugaiyan did not pursue the ground of financial loss.
Neither did he continue the assertion that the method of distributing the
proceeds of sale equally was inequitable. Accordingly, the objection was
confined to the allegation that the sale was not made in good faith and on two
of the three considerations under s 7(a) ie:

(a) The sale price, and

(b) The relationship between Limau and Philando.

23 Mr Murugaiyan submitted that the Board had erred in law because:

(a) the Board had failed to take into account relevant considerations

(b) the Board had rejected or failed to take into account relevant and
admissible evidence

(c) the Board had asked itself the wrong legal question

(d) the Board had exercised its discretion in accordance with incorrect legal
principle

(e) the Board had given reasons which disclosed faulty reasoning.

24 However, he also clarified that these points focussed on four issues:

(a) The allegation that the Board had completely failed to take into account
the sale of an adjacent lot. I will refer to this as “the Adjacent Lot issue”.

(b) The allegation that the Board had failed to give due weight to the
relevant development charge rate for the Holland Road area in considering
whether the sale price of $12.9 million was fair. I will refer to this as “the
Development Charge Rate issue”.

(c) The allegation that the Board had failed to give due consideration or
applied wrong legal principles when considering the relationship between
Philando and Limau. I will refer to this as “the Relationship issue”.

(d) The allegation that the Statutory Declaration (of Limau) was materially
defective and the Board failed to take into account the defect or failed to
apply the correct legal principle in dealing with the defective Statutory
Declaration. I will refer to this as “the SD issue”.

25 Mr Murugaiyan also submitted that substantial wrong and/or miscarriage had
been occasioned to Ms Koh as a result of the errors of the Board.

_The Adjacent Lot Issue_

26 The Adjacent Lot issue arose because there was a plot of land adjacent to
Dragon Court, but smaller in area, which was also for sale. It was 675.3
square metres, ie about five times smaller than Dragon Court, and was in a
sharper triangular shape than Dragon Court. It transpired that Limau had
bought this adjacent lot for $1 million on condition that its intended
purchase of Dragon Court was successful. DTZ were also the marketing agents of
the adjacent lot.

27 Mr Murugaiyan ran his argument on the Adjacent Lot issue in two ways.
First, if potential purchasers were informed of the availability of the
adjacent lot, this might have attracted more and higher bids. Secondly, if the
availability of the adjacent lot was taken into account, the value of Dragon
Court would be higher ie the owners of Dragon Court would have got a better
price.

28 While it was true that the Grounds of the Decision of the Board did not
specifically deal with either of these two arguments, this was because, as
regards the first argument, Mr Murugaiyan had not advanced it at all before
the Board.

29 Secondly, Mr Murugaiyan had not established that DTZ had omitted to inform
potential purchasers of the availability of the adjacent lot. The availability
of the adjacent lot arose after the cross-examination of the first witness for
the Majority, who was Swee Shou Fern from DTZ. Mr Murugaiyan could and should
have asked for leave to cross-examine her on this revelation so as to
establish whether DTZ did or did not provide such information to potential
purchasers. Instead, he sought to cross-examine the second witness Khoo Chin
Inn, who was a director of Philando, on this point but Mr Khoo’s evidence as
to whether DTZ did provide such information to potential purchasers was
uncertain. At that point, Mr Murugaiyan still did not ask for Ms Swee to be
re-called to give evidence as to whether DTZ did provide such information.

30 Even if DTZ had omitted to do so, it was not clear whether potential
purchasers were unaware of this adjacent lot and, if aware, would have become
more interested in Dragon Court.

31 It seemed to me that any potential purchaser who was seriously interested
in Dragon Court would have done his own investigation about any adjacent lot.
More importantly, I was of the view that it was very unlikely that the
availability of the adjacent lot would cause a potential purchaser to make a
bid for Dragon Court when hitherto he was not intending to bid. The adjacent
lot did not add anything significant to Dragon Court. The combination of the
two plots of land would still fail to qualify any development thereon with
condominium status which would then have made the new units developed
available to foreigners to purchase. In Mr Murugaiyan’s written submission, he
also suggested that as the combined land area of the two plots was “a mere 6.3
m2 shy of the land area” required to be considered suitable for condominium
development, an appeal for condominium status could be made to the relevant
authority. However, this point was not asserted or developed by any of the
witnesses and did not appear to have been taken in submissions before the
Board.

32 Furthermore, as I have mentioned, the adjacent lot was even more sharply
triangular in shape than Dragon Court. It would be different if the situation
was the reverse ie a potential purchaser of the adjacent lot would be more
likely to make a bid for it if told that Dragon Court was also for sale. As I
have mentioned, Limau did enter into a contract to buy the adjacent lot but
only on condition that it was successful in acquiring Dragon Court.

33 As for the argument that the availability of the adjacent lot would have
raised the value of Dragon Court, I found from the Notes of Evidence of the
hearing before the Board that they had spent considerable time to satisfy
themselves that this was not the case. Indeed, they spent even more time on it
than Mr Murugaiyan did. Therefore the fact that this argument was not
specifically mentioned in the Board’s Grounds of Decision did not mean that
the Board had failed to consider it at all. It seemed to me that the Board had
satisfied itself that this was not a valid argument and hence did not merit
any further attention.

34 I would add that there was no evidence that the availability of the
adjacent lot would raise the value of Dragon Court. On the contrary, when Mr
Tan, the valuer for the Majority, was asked whether he would change his
valuation of Dragon Court if he was valuing it as part of the sale of two
plots of land, he said he would not (NE 124). He was not challenged by Mr
Murugaiyan on this. Significantly, when Mr Lim, the valuer for Ms Koh, gave
oral evidence, he was not asked by Mr Murugaiyan for his opinion on this
point.

35 In the circumstances, Mr Murugaiyan’s emphasis on the Adjacent Lot issue
before me appeared to be more of an afterthought.

_The Development Charge Rate Issue_

36 Mr Tan had valued Dragon Court at $12.9 million. Mr Lim had valued it at
$16,030,000.

37 In order to support his valuation, Mr Lim referred to the use of
Development Charge rates and in particular the relevant Development Charge
rate for the Holland Road area. The Development Charge rate applicable to an
area represented half the average value of land in that area.

38 On the other hand, Mr Tan used the residual method of valuation as a cross-
check for his valuation.

39 Mr Murugaiyan’s complaint was that the Board had made a cursory reference
only to the Development Charge rates in para 68 of its Grounds. Paragraph 68
stated:

68. RW1 also supported his valuation based on the Development Charge Rates produced by the Chief Valuer. As submitted by RW1, the DC Rates were average values of land in a particular sector and were used merely as a guide to his valuation. However, the Board is of the view that for specific properties, regard must be had to the individual piece of land in question and its peculiarities, as well as its specific location within each sector.

40 I was of the view that the Board was correct in rejecting the Development
Charge rates as being of any assistance for the reason stated by the Board. I
would add that Mr Lim himself accepted in cross-examination that there was no
valuation method, as such, which relied on the Development Charge rates to
value a particular property (NE 215).

41 As for Mr Murugaiyan’s criticism of the residual method of valuation, this
point was irrelevant because the Board did not rely on this method of
valuation in reaching its conclusion.

42 What the Board did was to adopt the sole or main method of valuation used
by the two valuers ie the direct comparison method, although it was accepted
by both valuers that there was no comparable sale within the vicinity of
Dragon Court. What each of the valuers did was to take into account sales in
other vicinities and make adjustments. Even then, Mr Lim had omitted to take
into account a sale of property at 329 Thomson Road which was the closest in
proximity to Dragon Court among the various comparables. When this sale was
brought to his attention, he gave his views as to how much adjustments he
would make and the reasons. However, the point is that there was sufficient
material before the Board, which it is not necessary for me to elaborate here,
for them to decide ultimately whose valuation they preferred. I could not say
that the Board had erred in preferring Mr Tan’s valuation. Even if I was
minded to prefer Mr Lim’s, which I was not, it was not for me to substitute my
views for that of the Board unless there was an error of law.

43 There were two other points which Mr Murugaiyan raised in relation to the
valuation by Mr Tan. First, he submitted that this valuation was done after
the amount of Limau’s bid was known and it was too much of a coincidence that
the valuation amount was exactly the same figure as Limau’s bid. His other
submission was that no independent valuation had been obtained prior to the
tender exercise.

44 On the first point, Mr Tan had said in cross-examination (NE 125) that he
was not told what the sale price or reserve price was. It was not suggested to
him that he had lied.

45 On the second point, I accepted Mr Low’s argument that there was no
requirement under the Act for an independent valuation to be obtained before a
tender exercise is carried out or any sale is attempted, although this might
be preferable especially if it would not cost much to obtain such a valuation.
Under the Fourth Schedule to the Act, clause 1(c) provides that a notice of a
proposed application under s 84D(2) must be accompanied by, inter alia, a
valuation report which is “not more than 3 months old” (see clause 1(c)(iv)).
Presumably the three months is calculated from the date of the notice.

46 It must also be remembered that the initial reserve price of $12.74 million
had been proposed by DTZ, before it was increased to $12.81 million. According
to Ms Swee, she did seek the advice of the valuation department in DTZ before
suggesting that price (NE 34). Although it could perhaps be argued that DTZ’s
valuation was not independent, there was no evidence that DTZ had deliberately
suppressed its valuation in order to achieve the collective sale. In any
event, Philando was obviously concerned that the reserve price was not too
low. Hence, it suggested that the reserve price be increased to $12.81 million
which was done.

47 This brings me to the Relationship issue.

_The Relationship Issue_

48 Mr Murugaiyan stressed that Philando was “related” to Limau. By that he
meant that they were controlled by the same family.

49 It was not disputed that Philando was wholly owned by Habitat Properties
Pte Ltd (“Habitat”). Michelle Liem held 99.9% of the issued shares of Habitat
and was at all material times a director of Habitat and Philando.

50 Michelle Liem’s parents held about 53% of the shares in a listed company
Tuan Sing Holdings Limited (“Tuan Sing”) through their company Nuri Holdings
(S) Pte Ltd (“Nuri”) and some other nominees. Limau was wholly owned by Sing-
Hu International Pte Ltd which was in turn wholly owned by Tuan Sing. Michelle
Liem was also a director of Tuan Sing.

51 Stressing on this relationship and some other evidence regarding Mr Khoo’s
office address as well as the fact that Philando’s representatives on the
Sales Committee of the owners of Dragon Court had only stepped down, on the
advice of Rodyk & Davidson, after tenders had closed, Mr Murugaiyan submitted
that Limau might well have known the reserve price, as its bid was only higher
by $90,000.

52 On the other hand, Mr Murugaiyan was not alleging collusion between Limau
and Philando. Furthermore, he accepted that the Act did not prohibit
collective sales to a “related” party.

53 The Board’s Grounds said:

76. In determining whether a transaction is made in good faith and at arm’s length, one important factor which the Board has to consider is the relationship of the purchaser to any of the proprietors. The following enquiries were made:

i) whether the majority proprietors (having a relationship with the buyer)
have used their dominant position to the disadvantage of the other
proprietors;

ii) whether any pressure or undue influence has been exerted on the other
proprietors;

iii) whether there is any deliberate suppression of material facts; and

iv) whether there is collusion by the majority proprietors and buyers so as to
oppress the minority proprietors.

77. On enquiry (i), from the evidence adduced, it is clear that Philando only agreed to sell at a price above the reserve price of $12.81 million and not at any price. They played no part in the decision to award the tender. They also did not interfere nor exert pressure on DTZ when AW1 went out to garner interest of other developers after the tender was closed. The Board is satisfied that there is no evidence to show that they used their dominant position to the disadvantage of the other proprietors.

78. On enquiry (ii), none of the minority proprietors has come forward to say that undue influence has been exerted on them. RW2 in cross-examination also admitted that her allegation against the majority proprietors is groundless and unfounded.

79. On enquiry (iii), there is no evidence of Philando suppressing material facts to the disadvantage of the other minority proprietors in order to secure their support for the collective sale.

80. Lastly, on enquiry (iv), in the course of hearing, Counsel for the Respondent has notified the Board that he is not alleging collusion in the present case.

81. As to the allegation that the proposed collective sale would involve the transfer of funds between members of Liem family for the benefit of Tuan Sing Holdings Ltd, the Board fails to understand why a wholly owned private limited company should sell their 9 units at a loss just for the benefit of the publicly listed company. Mr. And Mdm Liem own about 50% of the shares. The Board finds the argument of the Respondent’s Counsel untenable.

82. Counsel for the Respondent further submitted that having regard to the close relationship between Philando and Limau, no adequate measures were taken to ensure that the reserve price was not communicated to Limau.

83. The Board finds no evidence that the reserve price had been disclosed to Limau. Even assuming it was disclosed, there was no guarantee that Limau would have secured the property as the sale was by tender. Further when AW1 was marketing the property, she had disclosed the indicative price of $13.3 million to some of the interested parties.

54 From the evidence of Ms Swee of DTZ, after the tender had closed and it was
realised that Limau was the only bidder, DTZ had followed up with all parties
who had made inquiries, especially those who had collected tender documents.
However, they were no longer interested in Dragon Court. I also reiterate that
the initial reserve price was increased upon Philando’s urging.

55 In the circumstances, I was of the view that Mr Murugaiyan’s criticism (in
para 33 of his written submission) that the Board had failed to even consider
the possible leak of the reserve price to Limau was without basis. Indeed, in
oral submissions, he was prepared to say that the Board was aware of such a
risk. Accordingly, I was of the view that the Board had not erred on the
Relationship issue, let alone in law.

56 Mr Murugaiyan also raised another point ie that the fact that Philando’s
representatives had stepped down from the Sales Committee after tenders had
closed itself acknowledged the potential conflict of interest and that the
Board had entirely failed to give consideration to this (paras 35 and 36 of
his written submission). I was of the view that the stepping down did not
significantly mitigate or enhance the potential conflict of interest which
conflict the Board had considered. Hence it did not add anything significant
to his submission.

_The Statutory Declaration (“SD”) Issue_

57 The SD on behalf of Limau, as required under the Fourth Schedule of the
Act, stated, inter alia:

6. The Company is related to Philando Pte Ltd by virtue of the following:-

(a) Philando Pte Ltd is a wholly owned subsidiary of Habitat Properties Pte
Ltd where Michelle Liem Mei Fung (“Michelle Liem”) is a substantial
shareholder and director of both companies,

(b) The Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of Tuan Sing Holdings Ltd where
Mr Liem Teck Siong and Madam Go Giok Lian are the ultimate substantial
shareholders and also, the parents of Michelle Liem, and

(c) Michelle Liem is a director of Tuan Sing Holdings Limited as well as
Philando Pte Ltd.

58 However, such disclosure did not satisfy Mr Murugaiyan. He submitted that
the SD was materially defective because it did not disclose that

(a) David Lee, the husband of Michelle Liem, was a director of Limau, and

(b) Mr Khoo Chin Inn, a close friend of the Liem family and a director of
Philando, was also a director of Nuri the ultimate holding company of Limau.

59 Mr Murugaiyan submitted that because the application might have been heard
ex parte if there was no objection, there was a duty to make full and frank
disclosure of all material relationships in the SD. According to him, anything
less than full and frank disclosure would render the Board a rubber stamp (see
para 41 of his written submission).

60 In oral submissions, Mr Murugaiyan was prepared to adopt a two-pronged
approach on the SD issue:

(a) any material omission on the SD would mean that it must be rejected by the
Board, and

(b) the omissions in question were material and demonstrated that the
transaction in question was not in good faith.

61 On the first point, Mr Murugaiyan argued that, as a matter of general
principle, an SD must be rejected and the decision of the Board set aside even
if the omission was brought to the attention of the Board before it renders
its decision. I did not agree with this argument or Mr Murugaiyan’s analogy
with ex parte applications.

62 Ex parte applications are those in which the opposing party is not even
notified of the application in the first place and hence has no opportunity to
present its arguments. It is different if the opposing party is notified of
the application but chooses not to present its case. Of course, this is not to
say that an SD should be made lightly. It should contain all material facts.
If it does not but the Board is apprised of the material facts before making
its decision, then, generally speaking, the Board should not reject the SD and
throw out the entire proceedings with a view to compelling the applicant to
file a fresh application with a revised SD. Whether a deficient SD would
suggest a lack of good faith is another matter which I now come to.

63 I was of the view that the omissions in the SD were not material and
consequently did not demonstrate any lack of good faith. With respect, the
fact that David Lee was a director of Limau would have had no significance but
for his marriage to Michelle Liem. However, Limau’s and Philando’s connection
with the Liem family had already been disclosed. Likewise in respect of Mr
Khoo. His directorship of Philando and Nuri would have had no significance but
for his friendship with the Liem family. It seemed to me that Mr Murugaiyan
was trying to find fault with the SD.

64 In any event, Mr Murugaiyan had already drawn the attention of the Board to
Mr Khoo being a director of Philando (and Habitat) as well as Nuri and Mr
David Lee being Michelle Liem’s husband in his closing submission (see para 13
thereof).

**Summary**

65 In the circumstances, I was of the view that there was no error by the
Board, let alone an error in law. It seemed to me that the real reason why Ms
Koh had objected to the application was because she did not want to move out
because she had intended to stay at Dragon Court for the rest of her life.
While one could sympathise with such a sentiment, it was clear to me from the
speeches made in Parliament and the provisions of the Act that Parliament had
decided that such a sentiment should not over-ride the wishes of the Majority.

66 Accordingly, I dismissed Ms Koh’s appeal with costs.

_Appeal dismissed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

