Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## AD v AE  
[2003] SGHC 258

Case Number | : | Div P 3849/2000, RAS 720041/2003, 720050/2003, SIC 651565/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Nicholas F Cheong (Lim Soo Peng and Co) for husband/appellant in RAS 720041/2003; David Rasif with Michelle Woodworth (David Rasif and Partners) for wife/appellant in RAS 720050/2003   
Parties | : |  AD — AE   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Notice – Notice of appeal against custody order
not served within the time prescribed – Application for extension of time to
serve notice of appeal – Whether extension should be granted – Custody
proceedings – Welfare of child paramount  
  

1 This is an appeal by the petitioner (husband) against my orders of 18
September 2003. The dispute concerned the custody of the son of the parties.
The son is 5 years old and was a progeny of the union between the petitioner
and respondent. There were two other children both girls aged 7 and 8
respectively who were the daughters of the respondent by another man. The
family court judge granted custody of the daughters to the respondent with no
access to the petitioner. The petitioner was granted custody of the son with
week-end access to the respondent.

2 The respondent (wife) wishes to appeal against the order granted custody of
the son to the petitioner. The appeal was fixed for hearing before me on 18
September 2003 together with a summons-in-chambers in which the respondent
applied for an extension of time to serve the notice of appeal on the
petitioner.

3 The time limited for filing the Notice of Appeal was 11 June 2003. The
Notice of Appeal was issued on that day. The notice was, however, not served
on the petitioner until 6 August 2003 although the rules prescribed that the
service must be served within seven days, namely by 18 June 2003.

4 The issue in the substantive appeal concerned the custody of a 5 year old
child. In such proceedings the welfare of the child is of paramount
importance. That is a statutory decree backed by the common law. In such
cases, the interests of the parties themselves are secondary to the interests
of the child, and for that reason, I exercised my discretion in granting leave
to serve the Notice of Appeal out of time. I also ordered the parties to
produce the child in court and, consequently, arguments in respect of the
merits of the appeal had to be deferred accordingly. Against these orders the
petitioner appeals. Counsel relied on _Stansfield Business International Pte
Ltd v Vithya Sri Sumathis_ [1999] 3 SLR 239 for the proposition that until an
appeal has been served there is effectively no appeal. That, however, is not a
matter of law in dispute. The issue was whether discretion ought to be
exercised in granting an extension of time. Normally, the delay of more than a
fortnight would be considered substantial; but in this case, as the substance
of the appeal may affect the welfare of the child, I am of the view that an
extension ought to be granted. I come to this view although I agree with Mr
Cheong, counsel for the petitioner, that the lapse by the clerk of the
petitioner’s law firm was, in itself, a poor excuse.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

