Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Abdul Latif Bin Mohamed Tahiar (trading as Canary Agencies) v Saeed Husain
s/o Hakim Gulam Mohiudin (trading as United Limousine)  
[2003] SGHC 15

Case Number | : | DCA 22/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 January 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andrew J Hanam (Hanam & Co) for the plaintiff/appellant; K Anparasan (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the defendant/respondent   
Parties | : |  Abdul Latif Bin Mohamed Tahiar (trading as Canary Agencies) — Saeed Husain s/o Hakim Gulam Mohiudin (trading as United Limousine)   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Amendment – Whether defect in pleadings can be
cured by averments in affidavit.  
  
Employment Law – Employees’ duties – Employee set up competing business whilst
in employ of employer – Whether employee in breach of fiduciary duty to
employer  
  

1 This appeal by the plaintiff arose from the decision of the District Judge
Zainol Abeedin handed down on 8 November 2002, after a trial lasting 3½ days.

2 The background to this appeal was this. The plaintiff was engaged in the
business of providing chauffeur driven cars on hire to various clients for a
fixed period. Mitsubishi Corporation (‘Mitsubishi’) was one of the plaintiff’s
customers to whom the plaintiff supplied chauffeur driven cars and had, in the
event, entered into a contract to provide them with two chauffeur driven cars
from 4 May 1998 till 3 May 2001. The plaintiff was paid $6,000 a month for the
supply of each car with a driver from 8 am to 6 pm on Mondays to Fridays
(excluding public holidays) and approximately a further $2,000 a month for
each car and a driver for week nights, week-ends and public holidays. The
defendant was one of the drivers in the employ of the plaintiff from 1 July
1997 and was assigned to drive one of the plaintiff’s vehicles under hire to
Mitsubishi, until his services were terminated by the plaintiff on 24 March
2001.

3 It was not in dispute that the defendant’s services were terminated by the
plaintiff when the latter discovered in the course of March 2001 that the
defendant had surreptitiously registered a business known as United Limousine
from about 25 September 2000 with the object of supplying chauffeur driven
cars to interested parties and had in fact obtained a contract from Mitsubishi
to supply them for one such car whilst he was still in the employ of the
plaintiff. The plaintiff also came to know later that the defendant whilst
remaining in the service of the plaintiff, sent a quotation on 14 March 2001
to Mitsubishi, this time, for the supply of "one unit of chauffeur driven
_combi_ (a passenger van) for one year. The plaintiff who did not know of the
defendant’s secret endeavours submitted his quotation to Mitsubishi on 15
March 2001 also for a chauffeur driven _combi_. As it transpired, the
plaintiff failed in his bid whereas the defendant managed to secure the
contract from Mitsubishi for the supply of one chauffeur driven _combi_ on 28
March 2001 for one year.

4 Having discovered the defendant’s acts of disloyalty and being stung by the
set-backs resulting from them, the plaintiff commenced this action against the
defendant. The plaintiff’s claim contained two components, one particularised
under the heading ‘Mercedes Contract’ and the other under the heading "Combi
Contract". Both claims were for damages said to have been suffered by the
plaintiff, as a result of the defendant’s breach of fiduciary duties. In the
main, the substance of the plaintiff’s claim was that the defendant, whilst
being in the employment of the plaintiff, unlawfully carried out activities
and engaged himself in a secret business venture in competition with that of
the plaintiff.

5 The plaintiff’s claim as pleaded and particularized by him in his amended
statement of claim under the first heading, Mercedes Contract was for a sum of
$101,700. Under the Combi Contract, the plaintiff claimed a sum of $37,934. At
the end of the trial, the District Judge after disallowing the Combi claim
awarded the plaintiff damages amounting to $107,100 and costs of $18,500.

6 The defendant did not appeal against the decision but the plaintiff, being
dissatisfied with the decision on all three items, appealed to the High Court,
contending that the District Judge was in error in not awarding him a sum of
$158,500, being the sum mentioned by the plaintiff’s accountant, his expert
witness, in a report presented to the court in respect of the Combi claim. The
plaintiff also appealed against the order for costs below as being too low.

7 Having heard arguments from both counsel, I came to the conclusion that the
arguments by the plaintiff’s counsel as respects the Mercedes claim was
without merit for the simple reason that the sum awarded by the court below
was exactly the sum that was particularised and claimed in the plaintiff’s
amended statement of claim. Although a higher figure was mentioned in the
plaintiff’s accountant’s report, strangely, no application was ever made to
the court to amend the pleadings. It is a settled principle of law that
parties stand by their pleaded case and any defect in the pleadings cannot be
cured by any averments in affidavits, let alone an oblique reference in
counsel’s closing speeches (see _Gold Ores Reduction Co v Pain_ [1892] 2 QB
14; _Novotel Societe D’ Investissements Et D’ Exploitation Hoteliers & Anor v
Pernas Hotel Chain (Selangor) Bhd_ [1987] 1 MLJ 210 at 214 D-E (left) and
_Spedding v Fitzpatrick_ (1888) 38 Ch D 410).

8 It was evident from the facts presented that plaintiff’s counsel did not
take the requisite steps to amend the pleadings at any stage of the
proceedings, although he was aware that his accountant’s estimate of damages
based on certain assumptions mentioned a higher figure than the amount
claimed. When asked by the court during appeal arguments, why no application
was made to re-amend the pleadings, he could only say that it was an oversight
on his part.

9 In my view, the District Judge was not in error in awarding judgment for the
amount claimed in statement of claim on the facts founded by him. Counsel for
the plaintiff should have made an application to amend, and having failed to
do so it did not lie in his mouth to blame the court to do his homework. Given
the scenario, the plaintiff’s appeal as regards the Mercedes component lacked
merit and ought to be dismissed.

10 As regards the second part of the appeal, namely, the Combi component, it
would appear from the grounds of decision that the district judge disallowed
the claim for the reason that although the defendant attempted to obtain the
combi contract whilst he remained in the plaintiff’s employ, he was not
awarded the said contract until his services had been terminated and in any
event, the contract secured by the defendant was different in character from
the one sought by the plaintiff.

11 In my view, the district judge seemed to have overlooked some important
features in regard to the combi component. First, the defendant was in clear
breach of his employment obligations in competing with his employer and
endeavouring to secure a contract for his benefit from the customer of the
plaintiff on 14 March 2001. He was an insider. He would have in all
probability known the rates that were being offered by the plaintiff to his
customers. To use a figure of speech, he was like a fence which instead of
protecting the very crop it was supposed to do, had gone about damaging its
existence. Although he was eventually found out and dismissed from service on
24 March 2001, the contract awarded to him on 28 March 2001 was found to
contain almost all the terms of the quotation submitted by him on 14 March
2001. There were a few slight variations. But these were decidedly more
advantageous to the defendant than what was quoted by him in his letter of 14
March 2001. In fact, the defendant managed to supply a second-hand vehicle
instead of a new vehicle and further managed to obtain one month’s advance
rental payment and two month’s deposit which did not feature in his quotation.
This aspect immediately put paid to the defence argument that the defendants’
quotation of 14 March 2001 was rejected by Mitsubishi.

12 In the premises, the conclusion that the defendant was not liable in
damages because the combi contract obtained by him a few days after he had
left the service of the plaintiff was different in character from that of the
plaintiff, was an over simplification and did not seem to accord with settled
principles of law.

13 In _Wessex Dairies Limited v Smith_ [1935] 2 KB 80, the court of appeal in
England held that a servant who, while still in the service of his master,
solicits the customers of his master to transfer their custom to himself, even
though that transfer is to take effect only after the service has terminated,
commits a breach of his duty to his master, and for that breach he is liable
in damages. The defendant in that case was not terminated owing to any
misconduct or breach of fidelity on his part but it was he who terminated his
service by giving to the plaintiff one week’s pay in lieu of notice. Yet, the
Court in finding against him, held that the servant’s obligation to protect
his masters’ interests lasts until the last hour of his service. Greer LJ said
(at page 85, _supra_) ‘In this case the defendant acted contrary to his duty.
During the last week of his service with the plaintiffs, while pursuing his
duty by calling on customers and delivering milk to them, he tried to induce
them to become his customers after his employment with the plaintiffs was
terminated and for the direct result of that wrongful act he is liable to pay
damages.’

14 In the present case, the defendant, by all accounts, was in flagrant
violation of a cardinal rule that an employee cannot act in derogation of his
duties to be faithful to his employer. This aspect, as I said earlier, was
unfortunately overlooked by the court below.

15 On the question of the amount of damages to be awarded, several
configurations were presented to the court by both counsel. Having considered
them, I am of the view that the computation of the notional loss to the
plaintiff should be pegged at nine months’ loss of profits, bearing in mind
that the intended duration of the proposed contract by the plaintiff was just
about nine months ie, from about the end of March 2001 until December 2001. As
for the loss of additional payments, I was of the view that it should be based
on the figures appearing in the contract awarded to the defendant on 28 March
2001. In this, the calculations produced by both counsel suggested a sum of
$14,875. Consequently, the plaintiff’s appeal on the _combi_ component was
allowed and the plaintiff was awarded a sum of $14,875 payable by the
defendant.

16 The next aspect concerned the costs awarded by the court below. Plaintiff’s
counsel contended that the award was manifestly inadequate and that the
plaintiff should have been awarded at least $35,000. In my view, the award of
$11,000 for the first day, $3,000 each for the subsequent two full days and
$1,500 for the next half day could in no way be considered low or manifestly
inadequate. Although the District Judge could have treated the final half day
as one day for the purposes of computation, this aspect by itself did not
warrant any reviewing the costs awarded. Now, as respects the costs of the
appeal, I was of the view that since the plaintiff had succeeded overall, he
was, as a matter of course, entitled to costs which I fixed at $3,500.

17 For the reasons appearing herein, I allowed the plaintiff’s appeal to the
extent that he was awarded a further sum of $14,875 as additional damages
under the Combi component and costs of $3,500. It was further ordered that the
security for costs deposited by the plaintiff be refunded to him or his
solicitors

Order accordingly

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Jan 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

