Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Bentimi Pte Ltd; In the Matter of Part X of the Companies Act, Chapter
50 (1994 Revised Edition) v In the Matter of Bentimi Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 92

Case Number | : | CWU 72/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Anna Quah (Ang & Partners) for the petitioner; Loo Dip Seng (Ang & Partners) for the petitioner; Gurdaib Singh (Gurdaib Cheong & Partners) for the company.   
Parties | : |  In the Matter of Part X of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 (1994 Revised Edition) — In the Matter of Bentimi Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Winding up – Creditor relying on document to prove debt – Company
alleging document is forged – Whether there is a bona fide dispute.  
  
Companies – Winding up – Creditor alleging that company carried on business
improperly – Whether just and equitable to wind up company.  
  

1 The petitioner is a factoring company incorporated in the UK. The respondent
is a Singapore company incorporated in 1992 as an import and export company,
but it avers that it had been dormant since 1998. This petition was brought to
wind up the respondent on the grounds that it is insolvent and unable to pay
its debts, and alternatively, that it is just and equitable to do so.

2 The petitioners purchased debts purportedly incurred by the respondent to a
company called RBG Resources PLC. The debts arose from the purchase of
antimony ingots and nickel cathodes from RBG. The amount owing was over S$2m
under a total of nine invoices. However, the petitioner had sold five of them
back to RBG and are now claiming payment under the remaining four. The total
amount owing under these four (No. 310259, 310641, 310770 and 310870) is
S$1,135,007.54.

3 On 25 March 2002 RBG on the advice of its auditors, whom the petitioners had
consulted, sent a telefax to the respondent stating that it was in connection
with RBG’s internal audit. The telefax requested the respondent to confirm the
nine invoices, unpaid as of 14 March 2002. The telefax was endorsed with a
stamp of ‘Bentimi Pte Ltd’ (the respondent company) with a signature
purportedly by one ‘Niranjan Desai’. The respondent aver that the signature
was a forgery although it does not dispute that the telefax from the auditor
was sent to a telefax number belonging to the respondent. The reply was sent
from the same number.

4 The respondent company appears to have four directors at the material time.
Three of them were members of a family. Desai Niranjan Resiklal, his wife,
Desai Freny Niranjan, and their son Desai Viren Niranjan. The fourth was a
director who was in Dubai. The respondent denies any knowledge of transactions
with RBG. The directors affirmed in their affidavits that they did not
purchase any goods from RBG.

5 On the strength of the verification telefaxed (on 28 March 2002) purportedly
by ‘Niranjan Desai’ on behalf of the respondent, the petitioner served two
statutory demands (on 10 and 17 June 2002 respectively) on the respondent. The
two demands were in respect of the four aforesaid invoices. No payment was
made and three weeks later the petitioner filed this petition to wind-up the
respondent.

6 The respondent produced its telephone bills which did not show any record of
telefaxes being sent to RBG. But Miss Quah, counsel for the petitioner, argued
that by sending the telefax back to RBG the inference must be that the
respondent admitted the debt. The case of _Gobind Lalwani v Basco Enterprises
Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR 354 and _Capital Realty Pte Ltd v Chip Thye Enterprises
Pte Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR 548 were cited in support.

7 I think that there can be little doubt that a signed audit confirmation
constitutes a strong _prima facie_ evidence of a debt – as was so held in the
_Capital Land_ and _Gobind_ cases. But the issues arose in a trial in that
case and the person who signed it testified in court and his evidence was
tested (and not accepted) by the trial judge. In the present case, the
petitioner are desirous of winding-up a company on a disputed debt on the
basis of this signed verification, which is not the audit confirmation to its
own auditors, but an enquiry from the purported creditor. This difference may
not ultimately be significant, but the fact remains that the verification is
being challenged and there appears to me sufficient incongruities in the
petitioner’s case to suggest that this is not a matter that ought to be
decided on the strength of one document. There was no explanation from RBG as
to how they came to make the contracts with the respondent, and in particular,
to explain how they were prepared to deliver over $2m worth of metal with no
security of payment.

8 I agree entirely with the decision in _Yogambikai Nagarajah v Indian
Overseas Bank_ [1997] 1 SLR 258, 269 reaffirming the judicial view that the
burden of proof is on the party alleging forgery. But let it not be forgotten
that that statement was made in the context of a trial. So, while I agree that
in applying the principle that the court must be convinced on proof furnished
by the respondent that the signature on the verification form was forged, I
think that the company must, nonetheless, be given the appropriate opportunity
to prove its case. Miss Quah relied on the stock authorities such as _Re
Claybridge Shipping Co SA_ [1997] 1 BCLC 572, 574 and _Re Collinda Pty Ltd_
[1991] 6 ACSR 123, 126-127 for the proposition that the court must be
satisfied that the defence is _bona fide_.  In the _Collinda_ case the court
stated that unlike a summary judgment case where the defendant need only raise
issues to be tried, ‘in a winding-up petition, it is incumbent upon the
company, _once the burden has shifted_ , to establish as clear and persuasive
grounds that there is a _bona fide_ dispute based on substantial grounds’. In
the present case, if the respondent had made a bare denial that the signature
was theirs then I would agree that their resistance must fail. However, as I
have elaborated, there is a real question as to whether there was a rogue
director in the company, and whether RBG (who could not, and had not)
accounted for the circumstances why they sold so much metal to the respondent
with no precaution to secure payment. In all such cases the petitioner must
first prove a clear debt before proceeding to convince the court, as it must,
that the respondent company is unable to pay it. In this instance, the issues
raised before me in this petition are best resolved in a writ action where the
procedures for interrogatory, discovery, and cross-examination can be invoked.
I am of the view that there is a _bona fide_ dispute that ought to go to
trial.

9 A petition to wind-up a company under s 254(1)(c) of the Companies Act must
be supported by clear and undisputed evidence of a debt and proof that the
company is unable to pay that debt. In this case, I am not convinced that the
debt is owing. In the circumstances, the petitioner must prove its debt by a
judgment of court after it has proved its case at trial.

10 In support of its alternative case, the petitioner says that the directors
of the respondent company had not carried on the business of the company in a
proper manner and so the company ought to be wound up on the just and
equitable ground. Miss Quah argued that the company was not only set up
without carrying on any business but it allowed itself to be used as a front.
On these assertions, counsel submitted that a full-scale investigation into
the company’s affairs is warranted. Counsel relied on the judgment of Swinfen
Eady J in _Re The Peruvian Amazon Co (Ltd)_ (1913) TLR xxix page 384 in
support; but in the _Peruvian Amazon Co_ ’s case, the company was already in
voluntary winding-up and the petitioners preferred a compulsory winding-up
order so as to conduct a fuller investigation. Furthermore, the petition’s
case based on the just and equitable ground is dependent on facts which I
would have to infer. Whether the respondent had been so reckless in the
conduct of its business such as to lead to the petitioner’s loss is a matter
that requires a specific pleading with particulars and strictly proved in
evidence. I am not satisfied that the material before me justifies the
inferences that Miss Quah would like me to make. This argument may have some
merit had it been made by a shareholder, but it was made as an allegation by a
creditor in the face of a denial by the respondent; and I am of the view that
that denial cannot be dismissed out of hand without trial.

_For the reasons above the petition is dismissed with costs_

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

