Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Seow Cheng v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 30

Case Number | : | Suit 1121/2002, RA 282/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 February 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vijay Kumar Rai (V K Rai & Partners) for the Plaintiff; Kannan Ramesh and Shalita Jayakumar (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the Defendant   
Parties | : |  Tan Seow Cheng — Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Further and better particulars – Action in
respect of remarks made – Whether Statement of Claim must specify identity of
maker and time of remarks – Whether entitled to merely state to the best of
plaintiffÂ’s knowledge.  
  

1\. In this action, the Plaintiff Tan Seow Cheng was a customer of Oversea-
Chinese Banking Corporation Limited (‘OCBC’). He alleged that OCBC had made
certain remarks to one Cheong Lam Keong, who was also its customer, to the
effect that:

‘…[Tan Seow Cheng] has closed one account [with OCBC] and [his] remaining
account [with OCBC] has only three hundred over dollars. Since his OCBC
account has only a few hundred dollars, you had better mark his UOB cheque.’

2\. It was alleged that these remarks were in breach of OCBC’s agreement with
Mr Tan and/or its statutory duty to Mr Tan and or defamatory.

3\. As OCBC is a corporate entity, the alleged remarks could only have been
made by one of its staff. However, without obtaining or managing to obtain the
identity of the staff in OCBC who allegedly made the remarks, and other
particulars, Mr Tan commenced action against OCBC. OCBC then sought various
particulars of the Statement of Claim which were ordered by AR Teo Hsiao-Huey
with an order that the Statement of Claim be struck out without further order
should Mr Tan default in complying with the order.

4\. Being dissatisfied, Mr Tan appealed to the judge-in-chambers and the
appeal was heard by me. By then, some particulars had been filed. However, as
the particulars supplied in respect of some of the paragraphs of the Statement
of Claim were not adequate, Mr Vijay Kumar Rai, Counsel for Mr Tan, carried on
with the appeal in respect of those paragraphs i.e para 8(a) to (d) and 9.
Except for one variation, I dismissed the appeal. Mr Tan has appealed to the
Court of Appeal.

**The particulars still in issue**

5\. As I have said, the particulars which were still in issue were in respect
of paras 8(a) to (d) and 9 of the Statement of Claim. I set out below the
request in respect of these paragraphs and the particulars given:

‘ _Request_

_Under paragraph 8(a) of the Statement of Claim:-_

Of the allegation that "The Defendant disclosed to a third party … … the state
of the Plaintiff’s account and/or transactions relating to the Plaintiff
and/or information relating to the Plaintiff which was obtained from the
Plaintiff’s account …":-

(a) state whether the alleged disclosure was made orally or in writing;

(b) if in writing, identify the document;

(c) if made orally, state the name/s of the person/s who made the alleged
disclosure, the date/s on which the alleged disclosure was made and the
place/s at which the alleged disclosure was made.

_Answer_ (Paragraph 8(a) of the Statement of Claim)

(a) To the best of the Plaintiff’s knowledge at present, the disclosure was
made orally.

(c) The Plaintiff is unable at present to give particulars of the name(s) of
the person(s) who had made the disclosure and the place(s) at which the
disclosure was made, save that the disclosure was made on Wednesday 31st
October 2001 by official(s) of the Private Banking Department of the Defendant
to Cheong Lam Keong, shortly before or after or during, lunch with the
Defendant’s representatives at the OCBC Centre at Chulia Street.

_Request_

_Under paragraph 8(b) of the Statement of Claim:-_

Of the allegation that "The Defendant failed to maintain secrecy of
information obtained from the Plaintiff’s account or sources other than the
Plaintiff’s account", please give full particulars of how the Defendant
allegedly failed to maintain secrecy of information.

Answer (Paragraph 8(b) of the Statement of Claim)

Refer to Paragraph 8(a) of the Statement of Claim and to the further and
better particulars thereof.

_Request_

_Under paragraph 8(c) of the Statement of Claim:-_

Of the allegation that "the Defendant failed to seek sufficiently or not at
all the consent of the Plaintiff for disclosing the Plaintiff’s information to
third persons":-

(a) state the information which was allegedly disclosed;

(b) state whether the alleged disclosure was made orally or in writing;

(c) if in writing, identify the documents;

(d) if disclosed orally, state the names of all the third persons to whom the
information was allegedly disclosed, the name/s of the person/s who made the
alleged disclosure, the date/s on which the alleged disclosure was made and
the place/s at which the alleged disclosure was made.

_Answer_ (Paragraph 8(c) of the Statement of Claim)

Refer to Paragraph 8(a) and to the further and better particulars thereof.

_Request_

_Under paragraph 8(d) of the Statement of Claim:-_

Of the allegation that "The Defendant failed to observe the statutory duty
imposed by Section 47(1) and 47(5) of the Banking Act Cap 19", please give
full particulars of how the Defendant allegedly failed to observe the
statutory duty.

_Answer_ (Paragraph 8(d) of the Statement of Claim)

Refer to Paragraphs 8(a), 8(b) and 8(c) of the Statement of Claim and to the
respective further and better particulars thereof.

_Request_

_Under paragraph 9 of the Statement of Claim:-_

Of the allegation that "… the Defendant, acting through its employees, agents
and/or servants spoke the following words or words to that effect which were
defamatory of the Plaintiff in the way of his said office and/or calling to
Cheong", please state:-

(a) the number of occasions on which that (_sic_) the alleged words were
spoken;

(b) the dates and times of each occasion;

(c) the names of the persons who spoke the alleged words on each occasion;

(d) the place at which the alleged words were allegedly spoken to Cheong.

_Answer_ (Paragraph 9 of the Statement of Claim)

(a) The Plaintiff is unable at present to state the total number of occasions
on which the words were spoken, save that the words were spoken on at least
one occasion which is cited in Paragraph 8(a) of the Statement of Claim and
the further and better particulars thereof.

(b) The Plaintiff is unable at present to state the dates and times of each
occasion, save that one of the occasions, was on Wednesday 31st October 2001
as per the further and better particulars to Paragraph 8(a) of the Statement
of Claim.

(c) The Plaintiff is unable at present to state the name(s) of the person(s)
who spoke the words on each occasion save as per the further and better
particulars to Paragraph 8(a) of the Statement of Claim.

(d) The Plaintiff is unable at present to state the place(s) at which the
words were allegedly spoken to Cheong Lam Keong, save that the words were
spoken on Wednesday 31st October 2001 as per the further and better
particulars to Paragraph 8(a) of the Statement of Claim.’

**Arguments and my decision**

6\. Mr Kannan Ramesh, Counsel for OCBC, submitted that in relation to para 9
of the Statement of Claim, Mr Tan must provide the name of the staff who
allegedly made the remarks and the place or places and the dates and times the
same were made. He accepted that one date i.e 31 October 2001 had been
provided. In relation to para 8 of the Statement of Claim, he submitted that
Mr Tan must provide the name of the staff who allegedly made the remarks. If
the particulars sought were not provided, OCBC could not sensibly prepare for
trial.

7\. Mr Rai countered that OCBC must know which officer in the relevant
department dealt with Mr Cheong. OCBC must also know what policies or
guidelines it had about disclosing information about one customer to another.
He said that Mr Tan had difficulty in getting further information from Mr
Cheong but accepted that there was no affidavit from Mr Tan about this
difficulty. There was also a suggestion by Mr Rai that when the matter
proceeded to trial, Mr Cheong would be subpoenaed and the information sought
would be given by him. As for the dates and places, Mr Rai submitted that Mr
Tan should be allowed to provide such particulars to the best of his
knowledge. Mr Rai then sought to extend this argument to the name of the
person who allegedly made the remarks.

8\. In my view, the most critical fact that must be asserted in the Statement
of Claim was the name of the staff who allegedly made the remarks. I did not
accept the submission that because OCBC must know which officer in the
relevant department dealt with Mr Cheong, Mr Tan need not identify the staff.
It was not for OCBC to make its own inquiry but for Mr Tan, as the Plaintiff,
to assert the identity of the maker of the remarks. Furthermore, OCBC should
not have to wait until trial to learn about this identity as it required the
identity in order to prepare for the trial. I also did not accept the
submission that Mr Tan should be allowed to state the identity of the staff to
the best of his knowledge. It seemed to me that this was a ploy for him to
identify any one staff and then be allowed subsequently to allege that in fact
it was another staff who allegedly made the remarks.

9\. Likewise, for the dates and times when the alleged remarks were made.
These were material facts. Mr Tan had to make it clear whether he was
asserting that the remarks were made on only one occasion i.e 31 October 2001
or more and identify them by dates and times. If he was not certain about the
exact dates and times, he could give approximates. As for the place where the
alleged remarks were made, I allowed Mr Tan a variation, i.e he could assert
the place to the best of his knowledge since this was less material and at the
time of the hearing before me, I was not certain whether Mr Cheong knew the
place where the alleged remarks were made as I was not certain whether they
had been made over the telephone.

10\. It seemed to me that Mr Tan was ill-prepared to mount his claim. He could
and should have first obtained the necessary particulars from Mr Cheong. If Mr
Cheong was not prepared to co-operate, he could and should have obtained the
particulars through O 26A of the Rules of Court regarding pre-action
interrogatories. If Mr Tan was concerned about antagonising Mr Cheong, then Mr
Tan should re-consider whether to pursue his claim. Instead, Mr Tan initiated
his action in the hope of muddling along till he reached the trial stage.
However, OCBC was not obliged to go with him along this unsatisfactory route.
Furthermore, when faced with OCBC’s request for particulars, Mr Tan could and
should have immediately taken steps under O 26A or withdraw his claim till he
was better prepared. However, he did not take either step.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Feb 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

