Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ishak bin Ismail  
[2003] SGHC 170

Case Number | : | BKCY 917/2003, RA 134/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 August 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  S Rajendran J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Seetha Ramasamy (Tan Kok Quan Partners) for the appellants; Ishak bin Ismail (respondent) in person - not present   
Parties | : |  United Overseas Bank Ltd — Ishak bin Ismail   
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Statutory demand – Whether service of statutory
demand irregular – Whether mode of substituted service most effective means of
bringing demand to notice of debtor – Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2002 Rev
Ed) r 96  
  

1 This is an appeal from the decision of the Assistant Registrar dismissing
the appellants’ bankruptcy petition against the debtor Ishak bin Ismail in the
amount of $20,156.43. The petition was dismissed on the basis that the service
of the statutory demand, which the petitioning creditor relied on to found the
presumption that the debtor was unable to pay the debt, had been irregular.
The only live issue in the appeal is whether this was indeed the case.

2 The law regulating service of the statutory demand is found in r 96 of the
Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R1, 2002 Rev Ed). It provides:

96\. – (1) The creditor shall take all reasonable steps to bring the statutory
demand to the debtor’s attention.

(2) The creditor shall make reasonable attempts to effect personal service of
the statutory demand.

(3) Where the creditor is not able to effect personal service, the demand may
be served by such other means as would be most effective in bringing the
demand to the notice of the debtor.

(4) Substituted service under paragraph (3) may be effected in the following
manner:

(a) by posting the statutory demand at the door or some other conspicuous part
of the last known place of residence or business of the debtor or both;

(b) by forwarding the statutory demand to the debtor by prepaid registered
post to the last known place of residence, business or employment of the
debtor;

(c) where the creditor is unable to effect substituted service in accordance
with sub-paragraph (a) or (b) by reason that he has no knowledge of the last
known place of residence, business or employment of the debtor, by
advertisement of the statutory demand in one or more local newspapers, in
which case the time limited for compliance with the demand shall run from the
date of the publication of the advertisement; or

(d) such other mode which the court would have ordered in an application for
substituted service of a petition in the circumstances.

(5) …

(6) A creditor shall not resort to substituted service of a statutory demand
on a debtor unless –

(a) the creditor has taken all such steps which would suffice to justify the
court making an order for substituted service of a bankruptcy petition; and

(b) the mode of substituted service would have been such that the court would
have ordered in the circumstances.

3 The affidavit of service of the statutory demand filed by a clerk of the
firm acting for the petitioning creditors, one Marcus Lin Han Chiang (“Lin”),
stated that he had on two occasions, ie 5 January 2003 at 7.30pm and 8 January
2003 at 9.10pm, attended at the premises of Block 241, Jurong East Street 24,
#05-687, Singapore 600241, for the purposes of serving the demand personally
on the debtor. On the first occasion there had been no response from within
the premises after knocking on the door several times. On the second occasion,
he had been informed by a male Indian that there was no one of the debtor’s
name staying at the premises. In addition, a Property Tax Search dated 29
August 2002 showed that the owner of the premises was one Rahimah bte Abdul
Kadir, and not the debtor.

4 Having taken, in his view, “all reasonable efforts” and used “all due means”
in his power to serve the statutory demand, Lin then on 10 February 2003
posted a copy of the demand on the front door of the premises, being the last
known address of the debtor.

5 As the Assistant Registrar has rightly pointed out in his Grounds of
Decision the loan documents upon which the debt in question was founded show
the debtor’s address to be the premises at which the statutory demand was
posted. However, the loan documents were processed in February and May 2001
and no evidence was adduced (such as correspondence from the debtor) from
which it could be inferred that the debtor was still residing at those
premises at about the time the demand was sought to be served. The evidence
adduced in fact pointed the other way: the property tax search showed that the
debtor was not the owner of the premises as early as August 2002, and further,
the clerk who had attempted personal service in January 2003 was told by an
occupant that there was no one of the debtor’s name residing there. That being
the case, the Assistant Registrar took the view that posting the statutory
demand on the front door had not passed the test of being the “most effective
means of bringing the demand to the notice of the debtor” that is stipulated
in r 96(3). He was also satisfied, bearing in mind the provisions of r
96(6)(b), that the mode of substituted service adopted in this case was not a
mode that, in the circumstances of this case, the court would have ordered. I
should say that looking at all the facts I cannot but agree with the Assistant
Registrar.

6 Putting a person in bankruptcy is not something which should be taken
lightly. A person who has wrongfully been put into that legal status can, of
course, apply to rescind or annul the order of bankruptcy after it has been
made. But this involves considerable time and expense, and the person should
not be put to this inconvenience unless reasonable efforts have been made to
make him aware of the demand so that he would have reasonable opportunity to
contest the debt. It seems clear to me that in the present circumstances the
service of the documents by posting on the front door of the Jurong premises
was most unlikely to bring the demand to the debtor’s attention. In these
circumstances, the most sensible course of action would have been to advertise
the demand in a local newspaper in a language which the debtor is known to
understand. If the office address of the debtor was known to the creditor,
efforts should have been made to serve the statutory demand on the debtor at
his office before resorting to other modes of service.

7 In the present case, counsel for the petitioning creditor relied on the case
of _Wong Kwei Cheong v ABN-Amro Bank NV_ [2002] 3 SLR 594, a decision by me
also relating to substituted service of a statutory demand. In the court
below, the Assistant Registrar distinguished _Wong Kwei Cheong_ on the ground
that the pre-requisites for effecting substituted service of the statutory
demand by advertisement, as had occurred in that case, had not been met. This
is sufficient ground to resolve the different outcomes between that case and
this one, but I would add that there was the additional factor in the _Wong
Kwei Cheong_ case that the creditors there were in contact with the debtor’s
solicitors and yet did nothing to try to serve the demand through the debtor’s
solicitors. Instead, they proceeded to advertise the statutory demand: an act
criticised by the debtor as high-handed and designed to embarrass him.

8 The directions in r 96 relating to substituted service of documents are at
the end of the day mere guidelines which attempt to balance the interests of
the party seeking service against the interest of the party to be served. This
is evident from the use of the word “may” in r 96(3): the demand “may” be
served by such other means as would be most effective in bringing the demand
to the notice of the debtor. Each case must therefore be digested on its own
facts with a healthy dose of practical sense. And solicitors acting for the
creditor should ensure that the affidavit of service that is filed is
comprehensive and contains sufficient facts to show that the mode of service
adopted would,

(a) in the circumstances be the most effective in bringing the statutory
demand to the attention of the debtor; and

(b) is a mode of service that the court would have ordered had an application
to court for substituted service been made.

These requirements flow from r 96(6) of the Bankruptcy Rules.

9 In _Wong Kwei Cheong’s_ case, it was quite clear that there might well have
been a more effective and therefore more appropriate way to effect service,
which train of inquiry the creditors had chosen to ignore. I therefore took
the view that the creditors in that case were not entitled to rely on service
by advertisement. In the present case, however, it seems quite clear that
service by advertisement is the more likely of the alternatives to be
effective. I should add that in cases where there are clearly better modes of
services other than those enumerated in r 96(4)(a), (b) and (c) of the
Bankruptcy Rules (ie, by posting on the door, by registered post, or by
advertisement), the pre-requisites in the Practice Directions of two attempts
at personal service do not absolve the creditors from exploring those avenues.
That principle, if any, is the ratio decidendi of _Wong Kwei Cheong’s_ case.

10 For the above reasons, I affirm the Assistant Registrar’s decision below
and dismiss the appeal.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Aug 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

