Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hengwell Development Pte Ltd v Thing Chiang Ching  
[2003] SGHC 154

Case Number | : | OS 601182/2001, SIC 600151/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 July 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tay Wee Chong (Hee Theng Fong & Co) for the plaintiff; Yu Siew Fun (Hee Theng Fong & Co) for the plaintiff; Andrew Ang (Rajah & Tann) for the defendant; John Nagulendran (Rajah & Tann) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Hengwell Development Pte Ltd — Thing Chiang Ching   
  
Civil Procedure – Summons in chambers – Summons-in-chambers as subsidiary
process drawing life from originating summons  
  
Civil Procedure – Summons in chambers – Whether further applications of fresh
and substantial nature may be made by way of summons-in-chambers once
originating summons fully heard and finally disposed of  
  

1 The plaintiff applied by way of a summons-in-chambers in Originating Summons
No. 601182 of 2001 for leave under s 216A of the Companies Act, Ch 50 to sue
in the name of a company called Far East-Hengwell Pte Ltd (‘the JV company’).
The plaintiff is a shareholder holding 51% of the shares in the JV company and
a company called Far East Packaging Industrial Pte Ltd (‘FEP’) is the other
shareholder. There is a deadlock in the board of directors of the JV company
that eventually compelled the plaintiff to make this present application. The
only business of FEP is to hold shares in a company in China called Quanzhou
Factory (‘QF’). The business of QF is the manufacture of cardboard boxes and
shoe boxes.

2 QF is managed by FEP who appointed the first defendant Thing Chiang Ching
(‘Thing’) as a director of QF, one Wu Yuqin (‘Wu’) as a manager of QF, and one
Lim Seng Kwee (‘Lim’) as a director and manager of QF. By this summons-in-
chambers the plaintiff prayed for leave of court to sue Thing, Wu, Lim and FEP
on the ground that these parties had diverted money belonging to the JV
company to themselves. The plaintiff alleged that a payment of US$1,206,292 by
a Hong Kong debtor of the JV company was not paid into the account of the JV
company. The plaintiff gave notice to the directors of the JV company who were
nominated by FEP to join a directors’ resolution of the Board of Directors of
the JV company in order to sue for the recovery of this sum of money. The
directors nominated by FEP did not attend the meeting and there was therefore
no quorum for the intended purpose. Hence the plaintiff made this application
to enable it to sue in the name of the JV company for the recovery of the
specified sum of US$1,033,788.80 as well as for damages for breach of
fiduciary duty in respect of the directors and officers in question.

3 It transpired in the course of the hearing before me that this originating
summons (Originating Summons 601182 of 2001) was heard by the Honourable
Justice Lai Kew Chai on 27 November 2002 who granted the plaintiff an order in
terms of the prayers sought. The orders of Justice Lai are:

1. Leave of Court be granted to the Plaintiffs to bring an action in the name and on behalf of the Fourth Defendant against Far East Packaging Pte Ltd and Thing Chiang Ching (“the action”);

2. The Plaintiffs be authorised to have control over the conduct of the action generally;

3. The Fourth Defendant pays reasonable legal fees and disbursements incurred by the Plaintiffs in connection with the action;

4. The costs of this application be paid by the First to Third Defendants to the Plaintiffs; and

5. Parties are at liberty to apply regarding the future conduct and costs of the proceedings.

4 Consequently, the plaintiff commenced Suit 1233 of 2002 in which they sued
in the name of the JV company.  Thing and FEP were the defendants. Two other
defendants namely Wu Yuqin and Lim Seng Kwee were subsequently added by way of
an amendment to the writ. Mr Tay who appeared before me on behalf of the
plaintiff submitted that since the amendment to the writ in Suit 1233 of 2002,
the plaintiff had discovered the further instance of misappropriation
(complained of in this summons-in-chambers) by the four named defendants in
the said Suit 1233 of 2002. The case for the plaintiff was that the defendants
deceived the directors of QF in believing that no products were sold to
Quangzhou Huangqiu Co Ltd or Meideng Investment Co when, in fact, shoe boxes
amounting to a value of US$1,033,788.80 were sold, and paid by Meideng. There
is some _prima facie_ evidence obtained from the Chinese customs authorities
by the plaintiff's Chinese lawyers indicating that the alleged transactions
had taken place. Mr Ang submitted, however, that this evidence is not credible
because the plaintiff had known about it much earlier but failed to introduce
it during the application that was heard by Justice Lai. He challenged the
reliability of Go Twan Heng who affirmed his evidence on behalf of the
plaintiff. Mr Ang submitted that Go had not done a thorough investigation and
made no direct enquiries as to whether Meideng actually existed, and so was
subsequently forced to correct himself in that he meant a company called
_Meridien_. I am not persuaded that the error was indicative of bad faith,
given the long history and background of this case. On the merits, I am
inclined to treat this application sympathetically and allow the plaintiff's
application.

5 Unfortunately, the plaintiff made this application before me by way of a
summons-in-chambers under Originating Summons 601182 of 2001.  That
originating summons had been heard in full and is spent. An _originating_
_summons_ is an originating process. Like the _writ of summons_ it prescribes
the plaintiff’s cause of action and prays for judgments or orders, which in
their nature (but subject to the avenues of appeal) are determinative and
final. A summons-in-chambers is a subsidiary process which draws its life from
the originating process. When the originating process is fully heard and
finally disposed of the cause of action is extinquished. No further
applications of a fresh and substantial nature may be made by way of a
summons-in-chambers save those specifically permitted or directed by the
original orders of court. And these are usually provisions for liberty to
apply in order that the judgment may be carried into effect. Thus, when an
originating process has been finally determined, not only is the judge
_functus officio_ but the process itself is exhausted. If there is a need to
pray for fresh orders arising from the judgment or order of court under the
originating process, the correct procedure is to apply by way of a fresh
originating summons. It is true that the summons-in-chambers is cheaper and a
little more expedient, but is conceptually, the wrong mode on present facts.
The practice of law requires precision and consistency as checks against
arbitrariness. This discipline must not waver despite the allure of
convenience.

6 Reverting to the plaintiff’s present application, it seems to me that the
matter in question is one which can form the subject matter of the trial in
Suit 1233 of 2002 since it concerned the same cause of action and the same
parties although in respect of a separate transaction. The suit itself
concerns two other individual transactions. In the circumstances, it is
obvious that a fresh suit will repeat a great deal of fact and law that will
form the issues in the trial of Suit 1233 of 2002. If the plaintiff is advised
to commence a fresh action, the application must be made by a fresh
originating summons, and if granted, the fresh suit ought to be consolidated
or heard immediately after Suit 1233 of 2002; but that is not a matter within
my present purview. If the plaintiff is advised to amend the writ in Suit 1233
of 2002 then it will have to apply for an amendment under that suit. Whether
the plaintiff may succeed in either case must be affected by other
considerations not presently before me. I note that there was a previous
application to amend Suit 1233 of 2002 by adding two other defendants. For
present purposes that application is irrelevant. In any case, this application
before me was procedurally and fundamentally wrong, and was therefore
dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Jul 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

