Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Vignes s/o Mourthi v Public Prosecutor (No 3)  
[2003] SGCA 42

Case Number | : | Cr App 12/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mr M Ravi (M Ravi and Co) for appellant; Bala Reddy and Edwin San (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Vignes s/o Mourthi — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Court of Appeal – Criminal jurisdiction –
Application for leave to grant applicant re -trial – Leave to stay sentence of
death pending re-trial – Whether Court of Appeal has jurisdiction to allow
another appeal after appeal against conviction heard and dismissed – Function
of Court of Appeal – Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Court of Appeal – Criminal jurisdiction –
Whether need for different coram to be convened to hear second appeal before
Court of Appeal – Burden on appellant to show strong reasons why permanent
members of Court of Appeal would be unable to act objectively in matter  
  

**_Delivered by Yong Pung How CJ_ **

1 This was an appeal by Vignes s/o Mourthi against the decision of Lai Kew
Chai J in Criminal Motion No 17 of 2003.

**Facts**

2 In Criminal Case No 25 of 2002, Tay Yong Kwang J found Vignes s/o Mourthi
guilty of drug trafficking, an offence under s 5 of the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185), and punishable under s 33 of the said Act. The mandatory death
sentence was passed. The Court of Appeal, in Criminal Appeal No 13 of 2002,
upheld Tay J’s decision. The President dismissed Vignes’ petition for
clemency. Mr M Ravi, an advocate and solicitor, was instructed on 10 September
2003 by Vignes’ father to apply on behalf of Vignes for an order ‘that leave
be granted to the applicant to order that there be a re-trial of the applicant
and that the sentence of death passed on him be stayed pending re-trial.’ This
made up the substance of Criminal Motion No 16 of 2003 which was argued before
Woo Bih Li J on 12 September 2003. Woo J dismissed the application. Mr Ravi
then applied for a second Criminal Motion which was heard by Lai Kew Chai J.
The arguments made at this second Criminal Motion (ie Criminal Motion No 17 of
2003) were similar to those made in the first one. Lai Kew Chai J duly
dismissed the second application. Mr Ravi then filed a notice of appeal. This
was filed at 4.30pm on 24 September 2003. As the sentence of death was to be
carried out at 6.00am in the morning of 26 September 2003, coram of three
judges was convened and the appeal was heard the next afternoon of 25
September 2003.

3 In both the Criminal Motions, Mr Ravi attempted to persuade the court that a
re-trial was in order for two reasons: a) that Tay J was wrong to allow a
conversation between Vignes and a Central Narcotics Bureau Officer, recorded
in the latter’s field book, to be admitted as evidence and b) that Tay J had
failed to accord Vignes the opportunity to engage a counsel of his own choice.

**The law**

4 In _Abdullah bin A Rahman v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 129, the appellant sought to
adduce fresh evidence by means of Criminal Motion No 13 of 1994 after the
Court of Appeal had dismissed his appeal in Criminal Appeal No 4 of 1993. The
facts were these. Abdullah bin A Rahman (the applicant) was charged with
abetting one Rashid in trafficking 76.3g of diamorphine. Both were jointly
tried, convicted and sentenced to death. Their appeals to the Court of Appeal
were dismissed, as were their petitions for clemency. Three days before they
were due to be executed, Rashid informed the applicant that his statement to
the CNB, as well as his evidence given at trial, both of which implicated the
applicant, were fabricated. The applicant immediately informed his counsel who
took out an application to adduce Rashid’s retraction as fresh evidence.
Counsel also sought leave to make further submissions on s 30 of the Evidence
Act (Cap 97). The Court of Appeal was clear in its ruling that where it (ie
the Court of Appeal) had heard and disposed of an appeal, as it had previously
done in the applicant’s case, it was _functus officio_ in so far as that
appeal was concerned. Of great importance was the fact that the Court of
Appeal explained that there was no express provision which afforded the Court
of Appeal the jurisdiction to hear fresh evidence. Therefore, it had no ambit
to re-open the case after it had heard and disposed of the appeal. The crucial
point in the _Abdullah bin A Rahman_ decision was the fact that the Court of
Appeal had tested all the different statutory mechanisms which could,
potentially, have provided the Court of Appeal with re-opening power after
disposal of the appeal. However, the Court of Appeal found that none of these
potential mechanisms were intended for that purpose. The court held:

Mr Suppiah (counsel for the applicant) was not alleging any lack of due
process or irregularity in the criminal proceedings which culminated in the
dismissal of the applicant’s appeal on 9 November 1993. Rather, he conceded
that he was asking this court to assume jurisdiction to re-open the appeal
after it had already been heard and disposed of. He began by referring us to s
55(1) of the Supreme Court Judicature Act (Cap 322) (‘the Act’) which read as
follows:

In dealing with _any_ appeal, the Court of Appeal may, if it thinks additional
evidence is necessary, either take such evidence itself or direct it to be
taken by the trial court. (Emphasis added).

Mr Suppiah argued that the word ‘any’ before the word ‘appeal’ in the section
should be given a liberal interpretation so as to embrace any matter before
this court, including this criminal motion, provided justice so demands. In
his submission, although s 55 is to be found in Part V of the Act (entitled
‘Criminal Jurisdiction of the Court of Appeal’), the use of the words ‘any’
did not limit the workings of that section to Part V. Additionally, he argued
that the provision which bestowed jurisdiction upon the Court of Appeal to
hear further appeals, as well as for appeals disposed of to be reopened, was s
29A(4) contained in Part IV of the Act which reads as follows:

The Court of Appeal shall for the purposes of and subject to the provisions of
this Act, have full power to determine _any_ question necessary for the
purpose of doing justice in _any_ case before the Court. (Emphasis added).

Mr Suppiah contended that the reference in s 29A(4) to the determination of
‘any question’ by this court in ‘any case’ was a general provision which
allowed the Court of Appeal to do justice in any situation and was not
confined to appeals alone (…) The Court of Appeal of Singapore is a creature
of legislation and its jurisdiction must necessarily be defined solely by and
limited to the provisions of the Act. In this regard, the relevant provisions
of the Act are to be found in ss 29A(2), 44, 59 and 60.

The Court then went on to cite these provisions and discussed the ambit of
each. It then went on to explain why none of these empowering provisions gave
the Court of Appeal, as a creature, the ability to re-open a case after it had
been disposed of. This point was best illustrated by the following paragraph
in the judgment of the Court of Appeal:

Where, however, the Court of Appeal has heard and disposed of an appeal, as it
has in this on 9 November 1993, it is _functus officio_ in so far as that
appeal is concerned. There is no express provision which affords the Court of
Appeal the jurisdiction to hear fresh evidence, thereby re-opening the case
_after_ it has heard and disposed of the appeal. We are unable to agree with
Mr Suppiah’s submission that this enabling provision can be found in ss 29A(4)
or 55(1).

5 Once the Court of Appeal is _functus officio_ , the case cannot be re-
opened. The Court of Appeal stressed this point in the _Abdullah bin A Rahman_
case:

The main function of the Court of Appeal as set out by the jurisdictional
provisions of the Supreme Court Judicature Act is a supervisory one, to review
and correct the decisions of the lower courts; with the additional function of
determining questions of law of public importance. Parliament has not defined
the function of the Court of Appeal so as to maintain continuous supervision
over convicted persons or to act after the event because of a change of
circumstance. That being so, we would clearly be acting _ultra vires_ the Act
to assume jurisdiction in the present case…Even if we were unable to assume
jurisdiction on the matter, Mr Suppiah urged us to make a recommendation to
the President for clemency as was done in _Kuruma v The Queen_ , _Mohamad
Kunjo s/o Ramalan v PP_ and _Ong Ah Chuan v PP_. However, those were cases
wherein the Privy Council after hearing the matter on appeal, saw fit on the
merits to make a recommendation to the executive. In the present case, where
we were unable to assume jurisdiction on the matter, and were thereby not
going into the merits of the case and hearing fresh evidence, we were unable
to see what sort of recommendation we could possibly make.

6 The case of _Lim Choon Chye v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 135 further substantiated the
ruling above. The facts of the case were as follows. The applicant was
convicted in the High Court of drug trafficking and was sentenced to death.
His appeal against conviction and sentence was dismissed by the Court of
Appeal. The applicant then filed a Criminal Motion seeking leave to adduce
fresh evidence in relation to his case. However, s 55 of the Supreme Court of
Judicature Act (Cap 322), which empowers the Court of Appeal to hear
additional evidence, clearly envisions the reception of the new evidence at
the hearing of an appeal, at a stage before any decision has been pronounced.
The primary question which arose for the Court of Appeal, in hearing the
application, concerned the jurisdiction of the court to allow the introduction
of fresh evidence in relation to an appeal already disposed of. The Court of
Appeal ruled that, in regard to the application before it, the court could not
claim for itself jurisdiction to allow yet another appeal against conviction
in a case where an appeal had already been heard and dismissed. Karthigesu JA,
who delivered the judgment of the court, stated that it was not Parliament’s
intention to allow an appellant an indefinitely extended right of appeal in
the sense of being able to pursue a second appeal even after his first had
been _duly heard and dismissed_. The Court of Appeal ruled:

As a matter of procedure, once the Court of Appeal has rendered judgment in an
appeal heard by it, it is _functus officio_ so far as that appeal is
concerned.

Nonetheless, counsel for the applicant in _Lim Choon Chye v PP_ advanced the
unique argument that the Supreme Court of Judicature Act itself did not
explicitly state the number of appeals that could be brought by a single
appellant. The Court of Appeal dismissed this argument by ruling that no legal
basis existed for construing the word ‘appeal’ to mean ‘more than one appeal’
in the context of the Act. This was best summarised in the following statement
of Karthigesu JA:

…accordingly this court could not claim for itself jurisdiction to allow yet
another appeal against conviction in a case where an appeal has already been
heard and dismissed.

Therefore, Woo and Lai JJ were absolutely correct to rely on the above two
cases to support their dismissals of the individual applications before them.

7 Lai J was correct to rely on the cases of _Lim Choon Chye v PP_ and
_Abdullah bin A Rahman v PP_ to come to the conclusion that at the High Court
he had no jurisdiction to order a re-trial and a stay of execution. The
logical reason behind this stemmed from the fact that if, as decided by _Lim
Choon Chye v PP_ and _Abdullah bin Rahman v PP_ , the Court of Appeal does not
have jurisdiction to re-open cases which they have disposed, it must then
follow that the High Court does not have jurisdiction to re-open cases decided
by a court which is higher in the hierarchy than itself.

8 In the case of _Jabar v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 617 the Court of Appeal’s focus was
two-fold: a) whether it had the power to stay or commute a death sentence, and
b) if it did, would excessive delay to the execution date amount to cruel and
inhuman punishment such that a stay or commutation was justified. The Court of
Appeal answered the first question in the negative. The Court of Appeal ruled:

We are, however, of the view that once sentence is passed and the judicial
process is concluded, the jurisdiction of the court ends. Once the Court of
Appeal has disposed of the appeal against conviction and has confirmed the
sentence of death, it is _functus officio_ as far as the execution of the
sentence is concerned. It is not possessed of power to order that the sentence
of death be stayed or commuted to a sentence of life imprisonment, especially
when the appellant was convicted of an offence which carried a mandatory
sentence of death. The power of commutation or remittance of sentence lies
only with the President, under s 8 of the Republic of Singapore Independence
Act.

**For completeness**

9 The case of _Abdullah bin A Rahman_ showed that where the court was
convinced that it was unable to assume jurisdiction on the matter (as in this
case), then the individual merits of the arguments, at the second appeal, need
not be addressed. Nonetheless, for the sake of completeness and in light of
the fact that the appellant was due to be executed the morning after the
hearing, we analysed the appellant’s arguments in great detail and were
absolutely convinced that they lacked merit.

10 We read Mr Ravi’s affidavit which listed his two arguments which he put
forward in the Criminal Motions. The first argument was that Tay J was
incorrect to allow the admission of a document which recorded a conversation
between Vignes and a main prosecution witness – the latter was CNB Officer Sgt
Rajkumar. This argument lacked merit. At the trial before Tay J defence
counsel raised an issue with regard to the accuracy of this document, which
was labelled exhibit P40. In particular, counsel at the trial stage argued
that a comparison of handwriting in P40 with the handwriting in other
documents and statements admitted as evidence showed that P40 was not written
by Sgt Rajkumar. The argument which followed from this was that Sgt Rajkumar
must have ‘cooked up’ the conversation between himself and Vignes when the
latter was handing over the plastic bag full of drugs to him. To this
argument, Tay J replied:

I had no doubt that the documents, in particular exhibit P40, which
incidentally was most damaging to B1 (Vignes), were genuine documents prepared
by the officers in the way they had described in evidence.

Furthermore, our detailed study of the exhibits confirmed that the important
points of the conversation between the appellant and the CNB officer, recorded
in P40, had already been recorded in exhibit PS10. There was no dispute that
PS10 had been properly admitted. Thus, on a thorough study of the materials,
Mr Ravi’s first argument had no weight.

11 Mr Ravi’s second argument was that Tay J had failed to accord the applicant
an opportunity to engage another counsel when he asked to discharge his
assigned counsel. In particular, the argument was that when Tay J refused to
grant an adjournment of the trial to enable the applicant to appoint another
counsel of his own choice, that this refusal contradicted the applicant’s
constitutional right under Article 9(3) of the Constitution. The Record of
Proceedings on this was clear. Tay J asked Vignes whether he wanted to carry
on with his counsel despite Vignes’ expressed reservations about him halfway
through the trial. Tay J gave Vignes a full opportunity to express his
reservations about counsel. It was Vignes who decided to stay with counsel.
This decision was checked again by Tay J before the trial was allowed to
continue. Thus, Mr Ravi’s second argument had no weight.

**Coram**

12 Mr M Ravi argued that because Chao Hick Tin JA and the Chief Justice were
part of the coram which dismissed the appeal arising from Tay J’s decision,
then the only judge who was qualified to sit on the coram hearing this appeal
was Tan Lee Meng J. We dismissed this argument.

13 Chao Hick Tin JA and the Chief Justice are the permanent members of the
Court of Appeal. Unless strong reasons were shown why permanent members of
this court would be unable to act objectively in the matter at hand, there
would be no ground for them to disqualify themselves. The present matter was
an appeal from the decision of Lai Kew Chai J and the question concerned the
powers of the High Court to order a retrial of a case which had already run
its full course, with the President turning down the petition for clemency. It
was an entirely new point from that decided by this court in Criminal Appeal
No 13 of 2002. Therefore, there was no reason why Chao Hick Tin JA and the
Chief Justice had to disqualify themselves.

**_Appeal dismissed._**

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

