Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Elis Tjoa v United Overseas Bank  
[2003] SGHC 1

Case Number | : | Suit 603/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 January 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Cheow Hin and Sheerin Ameen (Cheow Hin & Partners) for the Plaintiff; Hri Kumar and Gary Leonard Low (Drew & Napier LLC) for the Defendant   
Parties | : |  Elis Tjoa — United Overseas Bank   
  
Banking – Duty of bank – Banker's books – Customer instructing bank to debit
plaintiff's current account for purchase of shares – Plaintiff disputing
instructions – Whether customer forging plaintiff's signatures on instructions  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Conditions – Clause requiring plaintiff to
verify correctness of bank statement and to notify the defendants of any
discrepancies – Whether clause was onerous and unreasonable – Whether
defendants have taken sufficient steps to draw the plaintiff's attention to
that clause  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Concurrent liability in contract and tort –
Whether plaintiff can avoid exemption clause in agreement by claiming in tort  
  

1 The Plaintiff Elis Tjoa (‘Elis’) is an Indonesian Chinese residing outside
Medan, Indonesia. The Defendant United Overseas Bank Limited (‘UOB’) is a
Singapore bank. At all material times, Elis was a customer of UOB’s branch at
MacPherson Road (‘the MacPherson Branch’). Elis’ claim is for payment by UOB
of $270,000 debited by UOB from her current account in two branches in March
2000. The debit was to pay for share purchases of her sister Tjoa Siu Ngo
(‘Ngo’) and the monies were transferred from Elis’ account to Ngo’s.

2 In my judgment:

AEIC means Affidavit of Evidence-in-chief

AB means Agreed Bundle of Documents

NE means Notes of Evidence, followed by the page number

**Background**

3 Ngo and her husband Lie Kwek Pau (‘Kwek Pau’) had been a customer of Chung
Khiaw Bank Limited before it was merged with UOB. They were known to a bank
officer Lily Lim (‘Lily’). They had been granted a housing loan by Chung Khiaw
Bank Limited but that has been redeemed.

4 Elis is a businesswoman. At the time of the trial in November 2002, she had
been in business for 15 years. During the trial, she gave evidence in Hokkien
through an interpreter.

**Opening of Elis’ ‘i’ account**

5 Apparently Elis and Ngo had come into some money from their father’s estate.

6 On or about 19 April 1997, Ngo introduced Elis to Lily. At that time, Lily
was and still is a First Vice -President and Regional Manager of UOB’s Kallang
Regional Centre (‘KRC’). At that time, Lily was also the manager of the
MacPherson Branch until February 1999. KRC is on the second floor of the same
building as the MacPherson Branch which occupies the first floor. On that day,
i.e 19 April 1997 Elis opened a current account called an ‘i’ account with
UOB, i.e Account No 104-312-226-1. An ‘i’ account is a current account earning
interest. It is not an investment account although pleaded as such in para
2(a) of the Amended Defence. Elis signed the relevant application form which
states, inter alia, ‘A copy of the Bank’s Rules Governing Current and
i-Account _set out overleaf has been furnished_ to me/us and I/we have read
and understood the same and agree to be bound thereby’ [emphasis added]. I
will refer to such rules as ‘the Rules’. The bank officer attending to Elis
for the opening of her ‘i’ account was Lee Chong Meng, a Customer Service
Officer at the MacPherson Branch. In oral testimony, he said it was his
standard practice to hand over a set of the Rules to a customer when an ‘i’
account is opened and he did do so to Elis before she signed the application
form. However, this was not mentioned in his AEIC. Elis denied his oral
evidence. So did her daughter Henty who was supposed to have accompanied her.
However, the Rules are part of the application form i.e the application form
is a document comprising four pages. The first page is where the particulars
of the customer are stated and the customer signs. The second to fourth pages
contain the Rules. Therefore, even if a set of the Rules was not handed to
Elis then, the fact is that they are a part of the application form and the
contract between Elis and UOB.

7 Elis said that no one had interpreted or explained the application form to
her or the Rules. However, she admitted that she did have two accounts with
banks in Indonesia for her business and she knew that such banks had their own
terms and conditions. Also, she did not assert that she had asked for an
interpretation or an explanation. Neither did she assert that she did not
understand the nature of the document she was signing.

8 Both Elis and Ngo enjoyed a close relationship. In fact, when Elis opened
her ‘i’ account, the home address she gave was the address of Ngo in Medan,
Indonesia. Elis said that this was because it was uncertain whether she would
receive mail where she stayed, which was some two hours away from Medan. This
home address of Ngo was the same address given by Ngo when she opened her ‘i’
account two years earlier on 10 February 1995.

9 Statements of account in respect of Elis’ ‘i’ account were initially sent to
the Indonesian address she had provided. Subsequently she gave instructions to
change her address in UOB’s records to a Singapore address i.e Block 5 Moi
Hwan View #02-01 Golden Hill Condominium, Singapore 568290. In March 1998, she
again gave instructions to change her address to Block 227 Bishan Street 23
#07-77, Singapore 570227.

10 In cross-examination, Elis said she had received the statements of account
when they were sent to the Indonesian address but she decided to change her
address because a domestic helper at Ngo’s Indonesian address did not keep
mail carefully. She had wanted UOB to keep her statements for her but was told
by UOB that it could not accede to this request. She chose the addresses which
I have mentioned because Ngo’s son Moktar (or spelt as ‘Muktar’) was residing
in Singapore at those addresses. She had arranged with him to bring her
statements to her whenever he returned on holiday to Indonesia. She said that
she had received the statements for her ‘i’ account up to and including
December 1999 but not thereafter.

11 In the circumstances, paragraph 10 of Elis’ AEIC stating that she had
provided a Singapore address at UOB’s request was not true.

**The fax instruction dated 11 December 1998**

12 In December 1998, Ngo contacted Lily to say that her sister Elis had agreed
to help her (Ngo) pay for her share purchase (of 100,000 Hotel Property
shares). This would be done by debiting Elis’ ‘i’ account. Lily then caused a
draft of a fax instruction to be prepared and forwarded this by fax to Ngo who
then procured Elis to sign the fax and the signed fax was then sent back to
UOB. The fax instruction was dated 11 December 1998. The amount debited was
$86,424.68 and payment was made in favour of UOB Securities Pte Ltd (‘UOB
Securities’). Elis does not dispute this fax instruction and UOB placed much
reliance on it to show that such an instruction had been given before the two
disputed instructions in 2000 which I shall come to later.

**Opening of Elis’ time deposit account**

13 Soon thereafter, Elis opened a time deposit account with UOB on or about 24
December 1998. The descriptions ‘time deposit’ and ‘fixed deposit’ were used
interchangeably during the trial. The account number of Elis’ time deposit
account is 104-411-748-2. She opened this account with a deposit of $320,000
which was subsequently withdrawn. At that time, her time deposit account was
not linked to the ‘i’ account.

**Elis’ signing of a link form**

14 On 29 October 1999, Elis went to the MacPherson Branch. She said she met up
with Lee Chong Meng. Her ‘i’ account was in substantial credit and not
particularly active and she sought Lee’s views as to what she could do to get
a higher return. Lee mentioned that UOB had various financial products and
suggested that she discuss them with Lily. However, after Elis had gone
upstairs to discuss with Lily, Elis decided that the financial products were
too risky and came back down to see Lee to say she wanted to place $300,000
into a fixed deposit.

15 Elis then issued a cheque for $300,000 drawn on her ‘i’ account to place a
time deposit for $300,000 for three months and renewable every three months.
She said that after this was done, she had about $20,000 left in her ‘i’
account but this was not correct. The relevant statement of account (at AB
170) shows she had about $4,000 left. The account number for this time deposit
was the same as the first given to Elis in 1998 for her first time deposit of
$320,000.

16 It transpired that on that day, Elis had also signed a form to link her ‘i’
account to her time deposit account (‘the link form’). Elis did not dispute
that she had signed the link form. However, she claimed that no one had told
her that she was signing an instruction to link both her accounts. Her
intention was to keep her accounts separate. She alleged she told Lee this and
that she wanted to ‘lock in’ her funds in the time deposit. Her daughter Henty
corroborated her evidence.

17 However, Lee Chong Meng’s evidence was different. He said that prior to 29
October 1999, Elis had been overdrawing her ‘i’ account from time to time. As
she did not have an overdraft facility, approval had to be sought from Lily,
who was and is a divisional head, each time Elis’ ‘i’ account was overdrawn.
Prior to 29 October 1999, Elis had contacted him to say that she wanted UOB to
allow her to overdraw her ‘i’ account and he had suggested to her that she
link her ‘i’ account with her time deposit account because at that time she
had $320,000 in the latter. Elis had agreed.

18 When Elis came to the branch on 29 October 1999 and had decided to place
the $300,000 in a time deposit and not to buy or invest in any financial
products, Lee then brought her to see the branch manager in the manager’s
office. The branch manager was Oe Boon Hong. Lee then stepped out of Oe’s
office and brought in the link form for Elis to sign. Lee said he informed
Elis that that was the form they had been talking about. Lee was happy that
Elis had decided to place a time deposit because it could be linked to her ‘i’
account and resolve the point about her overdrawing her ‘i’ account from time
to time (NE 211).

19 Although the background for Elis wanting to sign the link form was not
specifically mentioned in Lee’s AEIC, he had in his AEIC referred to Lily’s
AEIC. Paragraph 3(b) of Lily’s AEIC did mention that as there were occasions
when Elis’ ‘i’ account was overdrawn, the bank had suggested to Elis to link
her two accounts so that the time deposit account would secure any excess
(meaning any debit balance) in Elis’ ‘i’ account.

20 As for what transpired in Oe’s office on 29 October 1999, the elaboration
was not given in Lee’s AEIC but during his oral testimony. Also, no AEIC was
procured from Oe until in the midst of the trial when Mr Hri Kumar, Counsel
for UOB, applied to admit evidence from Oe. Mr Tan Cheow Hin, Counsel for Elis
did not object to the application as he wanted to cross-examine Oe.

21 Oe’s evidence corroborated what Lee had said as to what had transpired in
Oe’s office on 29 October 1999. Oe also said Henty was not in his office that
day (although she might have been outside). Although Oe’s evidence came late
in the day, I saw no reason why he should fabricate his evidence. The point as
to what transpired in his office was not so important as would cause both him
and Lee to fabricate the evidence.

22 I am also satisfied from the demeanour of Lee and Oe that they were,
generally speaking, truthful witnesses.

23 On the other hand, I note that on several occasions, Elis avoided answering
Mr Kumar’s questions directly and he had to repeat them. I have taken into
account the fact that Elis is a lay person and that she is not fluent in
English but it is clear to me that she was an evasive witness. As for her
daughter Henty, I note that initially she appeared uncertain about events
until her AEIC was drawn to her attention whereupon her memory approved
dramatically (see, for example, NE 111 and 112). She was quick to confirm her
mother’s evidence unless she was caught saying something very different.
Although young (being of the age of 22 at the time of the trial), she was
adroit enough to try and explain away contradictions in her evidence. I do not
find Henty a credible witness.

24 There are two other points on the issue about the link form.

25 First, the link form was initialled by two of UOB’s officers. Jenny Chee
initialled beside the words ‘Attended By’ and Lee Chong Meng initialled beside
the words ‘Verified & Approved By’. Mr Tan latched onto this discovery and
suggested that it was Jenny Chee and not Lee who had attended to Elis when she
signed the link form. Unfortunately for Mr Tan, he had not asked any question
about the identity of the persons who had initialled until after Jenny Chee
had given her evidence. As for Lee Chong Meng, he explained that Jenny Chee
initialled not because she had attended to Elis but because she had verified
certain machine printed figures on the link form. In my view, if that was
true, then Jenny should have signed beside the words ‘Verified & Approved By’
and Lee should have signed beside ‘Attended By’. In any event, even Elis in
her AEIC said she met Lee Chong Meng on 29 October 1999 and Elis did not
mention Jenny’s name. In cross-examination, she vacillated between not
recalling as to who attended to her on that day and agreeing it was Lee.
According to Henty, who claimed to be present, Elis was attended to by Lee on
that day (NE 117). It seems to me likely that Jenny and Lee had each signed at
the wrong place. It was Lee who attended to Elis, together with Oe, and Jenny
had verified the machine printed figures.

26 The second other point is that from October 1999, there is a second page
i.e page 2 of the monthly statements sent to Elis. Page 1 is the statement in
respect of the ‘i’ account and page 2 is a statement in respect of the time
deposit account with the words ‘Linked Time Deposit Account No 104-411-748-2’.
Elis said that although she did receive statements up to December 1999, she
did not receive page 2. On the other hand, UOB’s Sng Lian How, an Assistant
Vice President in charge of UOB’s General Services Unit, said that page 2
would be sent together with page 1. Sng’s department was in charge of mass
mailing of monthly statements of account and revised standard terms and
conditions and other material for mass circulation to UOB’s customers. I find
that page 2 was sent as a matter of course with page 1 and that Elis must have
received page 2 as well, when she received page 1.

27 I also find that when Elis signed the link form, she knew it was to allow
her to overdraw her ‘i’ account to the limit of the amount she had in her time
deposit and that her time deposit would be used to secure or set-off against
any excess in her ‘i’ account. This consequence is also stated in Clause 33 of
the Rules. Therefore I do not accept Elis’ position that when she placed the
time deposit of $300,000, she wanted to keep it separate from the ‘i’ account
or locked up. That would be contrary to the very reason for her signing the
link form. The fact that she did not want to invest in any of the financial
products sold by UOB does not mean that she did not want to link the time
deposit account to the ‘i’ account.

**The first disputed fax instruction (and letter) in early March 2000**

28 On or about 1 March 2000, Lily received a call from Ngo who informed her
that Elis had again agreed to help Ngo pay for her share purchases (of 180,000
Asia Food and Properties shares). This was to be done by transferring $120,000
from Elis’ ‘i’ account to Ngo’s ‘i’ account. Apparently, there were standing
instructions from Ngo to debit her ‘i’ account for share purchases made
through UOB Securities. Ngo had told Lily that Elis would be going over to her
place and had asked for a draft transfer instruction to be faxed to her (Ngo).
Again Lily caused a draft fax instruction to be prepared and this was sent by
fax to Ngo. Ngo then purportedly obtained Elis’ signature thereon and the fax
was then sent back to UOB but undated. On this occasion, Lily asked the
remisier in UOB Securities whether payment could wait until the original was
received through the post. Lily said she did this because the last time in
December 1998, when she acted on only a fax instruction, this created an
internal problem in UOB about some voucher. The remisier said payment could
wait and UOB waited till the original was received through the post whereupon
on 6 March 2000, the transfer to Ngo’s ‘i’ account was effected. This fax and
letter is the first of two disputed instructions.

29 I would add that when the original of the instruction was sent through the
post, it was accompanied by a letter in Chinese from Ngo thanking Lily for her
help. However, in my view, nothing material turns on this letter although Mr
Tan sought to make something out of it.

30 Jenny Chee, an Assistant Vice President of UOB at the MacPherson Branch,
also gave evidence. She said that on this occasion when she received the fax
and the original from KRC, she noticed that the instruction was to transfer
monies from a customer’s account to someone else’s account. She tried to
contact Elis on the telephone from the phone numbers stated on a specimen
signature card but was unsuccessful. She then asked Lee Chong Meng what she
should do and he said that since the instruction had come through Lily, Jenny
could carry out the instruction.

31 I would add that Elis said that she did not provide UOB with any telephone
number to contact her directly (NE 44 and 62). Even if this is true, I am of
the view that the contact numbers on the specimen signature card must have
been provided by Henty or Ngo but in her (Elis’) presence.

**The second disputed fax instruction (and letter) dated 22 March 2000**

32 On 22 March 2000, Ngo again informed Lily that Elis had agreed to help her
yet again. This time the instruction was to transfer $150,000 from Elis’ ‘i’
account to Ngo’s. Again Lily went through the same process and a fax
instruction purportedly signed by Elis was received by UOB. This fax was dated
22 March 2000. As there was some urgency, this transfer of monies was effected
on 23 March 2000 without waiting for the original to be received through the
post. According to Jenny Chee, the original was subsequently received but she
could not locate it for the trial. I see no reason to disbelieve Jenny who
impressed me with her generally steady testimony.

**The continued sending of bank statements**

33 For a while thereafter, nothing dramatic happened and Elis’ bank statements
continued to be sent to the Bishan address.

34 There was evidence from UOB’s Sng Lian How, whom I have mentioned above,
and one Toh Seng Kang, an operations manager of Datapost Pte Ltd (‘Datapost’)
as to how monthly statements of account are printed and packed by UOB and then
picked up by Datapost. A copy of a summary report would also be given to
Datapost when they collect the statements of account. Then Datapost folds the
statements and inserts them into envelopes, seals them and delivers them to
Singpost for posting. Datapost would produce a reconciliation report showing
the total number of statements processed by them. The evidence of Sng and Toh
was not challenged. However, in closing submission, Mr Tan submitted that UOB
did not adduce direct evidence to prove that the statements for 2000 for Elis’
‘i’ account were in fact posted to the Bishan address (paragraph 131 of his
closing submission). Yet he did not elaborate as to what he meant by direct
evidence. The statements were standard statements of UOB which are placed in
an envelope, sealed and then delivered to Singpost for posting. Surely, Mr Tan
could not be serious in suggesting that there should be someone who could
testify that he or she remembered putting the particular statement for Elis’
‘i’ account into an envelope each month and then delivering it to Singpost,
even though there must be hundreds, if not thousands, of such statements.

35 In addition, Elis had accepted that she had received statements prior to
2000 which were sent to the Bishan address.

36 Accordingly, the only logical inference I can draw is that the statements
for Elis’ ‘i’ account for, at least up to July 2000, were sent to the Bishan
address. I mention the month of July 2000 as a possible cut-off date because I
notice that in Lee Chong Meng’s AEIC, he mentioned that there was another
written notice from Elis to change her address to one in Ang Mo Kio and,
presumably, future statements from August 2000 were sent to the Ang Mo Kio
address. However, Elis denied the authenticity of this written notice. As
neither side made any further reference to this written notice or the
likelihood that the statements from August 2000 were probably sent to the Ang
Mo Kio address, I need say no more about it especially since the critical
statement would be for the month of March 2000 when the two disputed
instructions were implemented.

37 Although Elis claims not to have received her statements since the
beginning of 2000, she did not complain about this to UOB at that time or at
any other time until she allegedly discovered the disputed instructions.

38 Elis’ evidence as to why she had not received the statements from 2000 was
unsatisfactory. She said that when she had previously received the statements,
she would check them to see that the entries were correct (NE 28). This was
also Henty’s evidence as Henty said that at times her mother would ask her to
explain the statements to her (NE 119).

39 As I have mentioned, Elis had said that she changed her address in UOB’s
records to one in Singapore because she claimed a domestic helper at Ngo’s
Medan address had misplaced her statements. She also agreed that she was very
concerned about receiving her statements (NE 29).

40 Elis said that Moktar and his younger sister were staying at the address at
Golden Hill and then at Bishan. She initially alleged that from January 2000,
Moktar was not residing at the Bishan address but his sister was (NE 37). She
said that after Moktar left, she did not make any arrangement for someone else
to bring the statements from Singapore to her (NE 38) and then changed her
evidence to say that she had asked Moktar’s sister to bring the statements to
her (NE 39). She said she did not check with Moktar’s sister as she (Elis) did
not come to Singapore and she did not know her telephone number (NE 39). She
could not explain satisfactorily why she did not ask Ngo for her daughter’s
number. All she could say was that she did not meet Ngo (NE 39).

41 Elis then gave the explanation that she was not concerned about not
receiving the statements from 2000 because she had not operated the ‘i’
account after end 1999. When it was pointed out to her that this was not true
as there were some withdrawals in January 2000, she said that she already
knew, from her December 1999 statement, how much she would have left as at end
January 2000 after the withdrawals in January 2000 i.e a debit balance of
about $6,900. Yet in paragraph 32 of her AEIC, she said that when she went to
the MacPherson Branch on 15 May 2001 and was told by a bank officer that her
‘i’ account was in overdraft, she denied that she had any overdraft. According
to Elis, she did not authorise any transaction on her ‘i’ account after
January 2000. In my view, if she knew that as at January 2000, she had an
overdraft of $6,900, she must also have known that the overdraft still
remained as at May 2001.

42 Elis also initially said that Moktar’s sister had stayed at the Bishan
address for the whole of 2000 (NE 42). She then changed her evidence and said
she did not know (NE 43).

43 I will say more about Elis’ position that she did not receive any statement
from 2000 when I come to other aspects of her evidence.

**Alleged discovery of disputed instructions**

44 Elis said that on 14 May 2001, she decided to come to Singapore to seek
medical treatment and to renew her time deposit and use the interest from it
for her medical fees.

45 Elis said that on 15 May 2001, she and her daughter went to the MacPherson
Branch and was told by a bank officer that her ‘i’ account was in overdraft
although her time deposit had accumulated interest of more than $10,000. She
denied any overdraft on her ‘i’ account. I have mentioned this denial above.
She was then brought to see the branch manager Oe Boon Hong who called for her
file. Oe informed her about the two instructions in March 2000 to transfer a
total of $270,000 from her ‘i’ account to Ngo’s ‘i’ account and it was then
that she learned about them. She disputed the instructions and alleged that
the signatures thereon were forged. She claimed that Oe had informed her that
UOB would investigate the matter and if she was correct, UOB would return the
money to her as it was insured. Oe’s version was that he had said that UOB
would investigate and may have to refer the matter to its insurers and decide
whether this was a suitable case for compensation. He did not assure Elis that
she would be compensated.

46 Elis said that she then concluded that Ngo had forged her signature on the
two faxes because the signature on these documents were not hers and she saw
Ngo’s name on the faxes. Also, Oe had told her that the monies were used by
Ngo to buy bullion and shares (NE 68). She did not suspect anyone else (NE
67). Yet she did not confront Ngo immediately after this sudden discovery
until two days later, which I shall elaborate on below. Her explanation
initially was that UOB already knew her position. She then said Oe had told
her UOB would settle the matter and did not ask her to look for Ngo. She was
evasive as to whether she would have confronted Ngo in any event. At NE 81 to
82, she said:

‘Q Put: Your story that you chose to wait 2 days to confront your sister about
the fax instructions is incredible.

A Because I am of the view that I did not sign them. I already told Mr Oe of
the bank about it. The bank knew.

Q If you genuinely suspected the forgery, you would have confronted her
immediately?

A I am of the view that I did not give her the money. It was the bank.

Q Are you saying that you were not angry with your sister at all when you
found out about the fax instructions on 15 May 2001?

A I was angry.

Q Put: If you were genuinely angry, you would have confronted your sister
immediately and not wait 2 days.

A Mr Oe was aware. He said he would settle. The bank did not ask me to look
for my sister.

Q Are you saying that if the bank had settled the matter immediately on 15 May
2001, you would have not spoken to your sister about it?

A Mr Oe told me he would settle. I felt at ease. The bank would assume the
responsibility.

Q [Repeats question.] You would not have confronted your sister?

A If the bank settles the matter, that is the bank’s matter. The bank was
careless.

Q [Repeats question.]

A If my money is there, I wouldn’t have asked.

Q Your position is so long as the bank settles the matter, you don’t care that
your sister in fact forged your signature?

A If the bank settled the matter and called my sister, then I would have
scolded her.

Q If the bank settles and does not call your sister?

A I would ask her why she did such a thing.’

**Visit to Lily Lim on 16 May 2001**

47 Elis said that in the evening of 15 May 2001, Ngo called her at Hotel Asia
where she was staying. Ngo told her that she had fixed an appointment to see
Lily Lim the next day at 2pm. Elis did not say anything about the disputed
instructions to Ngo. Elis said she deliberately refrained from asking Ngo for
the purpose of the meeting as she suspected that ‘they’ wanted to see her on
account of the disputed instructions. She wanted to see what kind of show
‘they’ would put up (see her AEIC paragraphs 38 and 39). In oral testimony,
she said that by ‘they’, she was referring to Ngo and Lily.

48 On 16 May 2001, Ngo and Elis went to see Lily. Oe was not in. Elis said
that on 16 May 2001, she continued with her pretension. She claimed that Lily
had asked Ngo, ‘Have you told your sister already’ and Ngo had replied, ‘Yes,
yes’.

49 Lily’s evidence was that Elis wanted to use the interest from her time
deposit to open a savings account and also wanted to clear the overdraft in
her ‘i’ account. However, Lily was led to believe that the overdraft was only
$6,963.07 and not in excess of $270,000 because Elis handed Lily the original
statement of account for her ‘i’ account as at February 2000 (the month before
the disputed transactions) showing the overdraft to be $6,963.07. Lily said
she did not realise that this statement was not current and brought the two
sisters down to carry out the intended transactions. The necessary forms were
signed and the instructions were carried out. It was only after the sisters
left that Lily realised that the statement of account she had been handed was
for February 2000 and that the overdraft was not $6,963.07 but in excess of
$270,000. Lily’s evidence was not clear as to whether she discovered the
mistake or a staff had brought the mistake to her attention (NE 181 and 182).
Lily then immediately contacted Ngo to arrange a meeting with the two sisters.
Up till then, Lily said she was not aware that Elis had disputed the fax
instructions of March 2000 as Oe did not tell her this prior to Lily’s meeting
with the two sisters on 16 May 2001. This was corroborated by Oe.

50 Elis did not assert that she had told Lily on 16 May 2001 that she disputed
the instructions of March 2000. In my view, if she had done so, Lily would
have checked and realised that the overdraft in Elis’ account was more than
$6,963.07. However, Elis did assert that she did not hand over the original of
the February 2000 statement of account to Lily.

**Next meeting after 16 May 2001**

51 Lily said that both the sisters then came to see her on 17 or 18 May 2001.
The meeting was in her room. At this meeting, she explained why the ‘i’
account could not be closed whereupon Elis said that Oe had shown her two
faxes but the signatures thereon were not hers. Lily said Ngo informed Elis
that she had forgotten what she had signed. Lily had asked Ngo whether she had
explained to Elis that she had borrowed money from Elis and Ngo said, ‘Yes’.
The sisters then quarreled and eventually left (NE 184 and 185 and 187).

**Meeting at Hotel Asia**

52 Apparently there was also another meeting at Hotel Asia, where Elis and her
daughter were staying, on 17 or 18 May 2001. The meeting was attended by Elis,
her daughter Henty, Ngo, her daughter July and Lily. The two sisters quarreled
and Ngo purportedly admitted that she had forged Elis’ signature on the
disputed instructions. Elis said she was under the impression that UOB would
look to Ngo to resolve the matter whereas Lily said that eventually she told
the two sisters that if they could not resolve the matter, a police report
should be made.

**27 July 2001**

53 Elis apparently returned to Indonesia and subsequently came back to
Singapore on 27 July 2001. She went to the MacPherson Branch and again said
she did not sign the disputed instructions. She accepted that in the interim
period until 27 July 2001, she did not check with Ngo or UOB as to whether the
matter had been settled by payment from Ngo. She was advised by Oe to report
the matter to the police. She did so on the same day.

54 I will now deal with the various issues.

**Were the signatures on the disputed instructions forged or authorised by
Elis?**

55 In _Yogambikai Nagarajah v Indian Overseas Bank_ [1997] 1 SLR 258, the
Court of Appeal said at p 269, para 39, that the burden of proof was on the
party alleging the forgery. At p 271, para 44, it said that the burden of
proof was more onerous than the ordinary civil standard where fraud or forgery
was concerned.

56 Aside from Ngo’s admission, Elis’ solicitors sought the opinion of an
expert regarding the authenticity of the disputed signatures. The expert was
Ms Lee Gek Kwee, a Consultant Forensic Scientist and Head of the Document
Examination Laboratory with the Centre for Forensic Science of The Health
Sciences Authority, Singapore (‘HSA’). Ms Lee gave a report in respect of each
of the two disputed signatures.

57 In her first report dated 23 August 2002 regarding the first disputed
signature on the undated fax to UOB, she concluded:

‘5 On examination, I noted differences in the fluency, formation and relative
height and spacing of strokes between the questioned signature in "Q" and the
specimen signatures in "S1" to "S3". (Please see the Comparison Chart
attached). In view of the differences noted, I am of the opinion that there is
no evidence to show that the questioned signature in "Q" was written by Mdm
Elis Tjoa whose specimen signatures are said to appear in "S1" to "S3".’

58 In her supplementary report dated 11 November 2002 regarding the second
disputed signature on the fax dated 22 March 2002 to UOB, she concluded:

‘3 On examination, despite the broken and jagged appearance of the strokes in
the questioned signature in "Q1", I noted differences in the slant, formation
and relative height and spacing of strokes between the questioned signature in
"Q1" and the specimen signatures in "S1" to "S3". (Please see the Comparison
Chart attached). In view of the differences noted, I am of the opinion that
there is no evidence to suggest that the questioned signature as shown in "Q1"
was written by Mdm Elis Tjoa whose specimen signatures are said to appear in
"S1" to "S3".’

59 During the trial, Ms Lee produced a set of explanatory notes on conclusions
used in document examination reports by HSA (Exhibit P1). There are seven
types of opinion in the explanatory notes and hers was the sixth type. For
easy reference, I set out the fifth, sixth and seventh types of opinion:

‘5. "The evidence is inconclusive."

\- The questioned writing may be disguised or too small in quantity and
totally uncharacteristic, or a useful comparison is not possible because of
unsuitable specimen writing. Another reason could be that a simulated
signature is being compared with its forger’s normal writing.

6\. "There is no evidence to indicate …………………"

\- This is used in situations where one cannot be sure that the difference
noted between the questioned writing and the suspect’s specimen writing are
not the result of one person writing in two different styles or change of
writing habit, or the result of disguise especially if there is only a limited
amount of writing.

7\. "In my opinion, this was not written by the writer of that."

\- This conclusion is used when the document examiner is satisfied that the
differences between the questioned writing and the suspect’s specimen writing
are sufficient and significant enough to exclude him.’

60 Ms Lee said that she could not be certain that the disputed signatures were
those of Elis because of the limited number of genuine signatures sent to her
to compare with the disputed signatures. In addition, some of the genuine
signatures were signatures made after the event for the purpose of obtaining
an opinion from her. Ms Lee agreed that it was possible for a person to
attempt to change or disguise subsequent signatures but she did not go so far
as to say that that was what Elis in fact did. At the end of the day, she did
not change her opinion in her reports.

61 Henty also gave evidence regarding the alleged forgery. She claimed that
when the two faxes were produced on 15 May 2001 to Elis, she (Henty) could
tell that the disputed signatures were forgeries. She asserted that as her
mother’s daughter, she was familiar with Elis’ signature. When I produced a
sheet of paper with three signatures, taken from a page of one of Ms Lee’s
opinions, (Exhibit C1), Henty immediately identified the signature on the left
as the forgery. This was one of the disputed signatures.

62 As for UOB, it did not adduce any evidence from an expert about the
disputed signatures. I should mention that Mr Tan submitted that an inference
should be drawn that UOB did obtain the opinion of an expert but did not
reveal that opinion (paragraph 71 of his submission). However, this was never
suggested to any of UOB’s witnesses. It is one thing to assert that UOB did
not obtain the opinion of an expert and another to assert that it did do so
but did not reveal that opinion. In my view, it was not open to Mr Tan to make
the submission that he did when he did not even suggest this to UOB’s
witnesses.

63 I am of the view that Henty’s evidence was not credible. I do not believe
that although she and her mother, Elis, were allegedly surprised by the
production of the two disputed faxes on 15 May 2001, and without the benefit
of comparing the signatures on the two disputed faxes with undisputed
signatures, she could so quickly conclude that the disputed signatures were
not her mother’s, especially when Ms Lee, the expert herself, could not be
absolutely certain. Although Henty was able to identify the disputed signature
as a forgery from Exhibit C1, she did so far too quickly in my view. She must
have recognised that Exhibit C1 was taken from a comparison chart in one of Ms
Lee’s reports.

64 That leaves me with the evidence of the expert Ms Lee and the evidence of
Elis. After taking into account Elis’ omission to confront Ngo immediately and
Elis’ evidence about her not having received statements from 2000, I find that
even if the signatures on the disputed instructions were not Elis’, the
signatures were appended to those instructions with her authority either
before each instruction was sent or thereafter. That is why Elis did not
confront Ngo immediately after her ‘discovery’. Also, when Elis and Ngo
purportedly argued before Lily on 17 or 18 May 2001 in her office and at Hotel
Asia, this was, in my view, probably a sham to bolster a claim later on
against UOB. That is also why Elis did not bother to check between 18 May and
27 July 2001 whether Ngo had repaid the monies. I do not accept her evidence
that she omitted to do so because she believed UOB would pay her if the
signatures were not hers. No bank officer, let alone a branch manager, would
take it upon himself to give such a definite assurance.

65 I also find that she did receive the bank statements from 2000 although not
immediately since she resides in Indonesia.

66 I also find that it was she who handed the original of the February 2000
statement to Lily on 16 May 2001. Although she denied this, her Counsel Mr Tan
did not challenge Lily on it. It is too late for Mr Tan to suggest in his
closing submission (paragraph 102(ii)) that this statement might have been
intercepted by Ngo and it was Ngo who handed it to Lily on or before 16 May
2001 when this suggestion was not made to Lily on the witness stand. Besides,
even if it was Ngo who handed the original February 2000 statement to Lily,
this would have been done in the presence of Elis.

67 In Mr Tan’s closing submission (paragraph 98), he also submitted that
perhaps Lily and Ngo had worked out between themselves that it was only fair
for Elis to be liable for an overdraft balance of $6,693.07 but again this
suggestion was not made to Lily. Moreover, if that was the arrangement, Lily
would not have immediately called Ngo to ask that the two sisters meet her
when she realised that the overdraft in Elis’ ‘i’ account was more than
$270,000.

68 It seems to me that Elis and Ngo had sought to deceive Lily into thinking
that Elis’ overdraft in her ‘i’ account as at 16 May 2001 was only $6,963.07
when both of them knew it was more. When their plan did not work, it was they
who put on a show for Lily’s benefit by pretending to argue among themselves.

69 However, for completeness, I will also address the issue as to whether the
Rules or certain new rules are binding on Elis and the effect thereof even if
the signatures were forgeries and had been appended without Elis’ authority.

_Whether the Rules and the new rules are binding on Elis?_

70 I have already stated that when Elis signed the form to open the ‘i’
account, the Rules were part of that form. In my view, Elis was bound by the
Rules henceforth.

71 In _Stephan Machinery Singapore Pte Ltd v Oversea-Chinese Banking
Corporation Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 191, the customer was a company. The account
opening form was signed by its managing director Mr Reeg and another director
Mr Lim Tiong Beng. That form had a similar declaration as the one before me.
That form said,

‘I/We have received and read a copy of the Bank’s Terms and Conditions
relating to the Account(s) and I/We jointly and severally agree to abide by
and be bound by them and any amendments, alterations and additions thereto as
may from time to time be made ….’

72\. Justice Lai Kew Chai said at paragraph 6:

  1. ‘6 I concluded that it was impermissible for the plaintiffs to disavow any knowledge of the terms in the Application Form or in the Terms and Conditions relating to the accounts. The signatures of both Mr Reeg and Mr Lim Tiong Beng, the other director of the plaintiffs, bound the plaintiffs to what they had acknowledged and what they had agreed to abide. They did so at the time they opened the current account for the plaintiffs. Mr Reeg came through as very good in his field of work, ie marketing, but he was the sort of person who did not pay sufficient attention to printed words. Though he denied ever receiving and reading the Terms and Conditions, I have to say that I formed the view that he was honestly mistaken over this issue. He must have received it but read them without registering the full effect of the terms. Well, that did not mean that he or the plaintiffs was or were not aware of the Terms and Condition. There was no evidence from Mr Lim. They were content to sign the acknowledgements of having received and read the Terms and Conditions and the agreement to be bound. The plaintiffs could not be heard to say otherwise.’

73 In _Consmat Singapore Pte Ltd v Bank of America National Trust & Savings_
Association [1992] SLR 828, Justice L P Thean said, at p 838 at G, ‘… the
plaintiffs signed the general agreement. Having signed it, they must be taken
to have read and understood the terms thereof ….’.

74 On the other hand, Mr Tan submitted that as the Rules were not brought to
the notice of Elis, they were not binding on her. He cited the following
passage from Chitty on Contracts, 28th Edition, Volume 1, paragraph 12-010:

‘The conditions must be brought to the notice of the party to be bound before
or at the time when the contract is made. If they are not communicated to them
until after the contract is concluded, they will be of no effect.’

75 However, that passage was cited out of context by Mr Tan. It pertains to
situations where the exemption clause is not part of the contract which is
signed and is found elsewhere, for example, on a notice in a bedroom or at a
pillar after the contract has been entered into. In such cases, sometimes
referred to as the car park cases, of which _Thornton v Shoe Lane Parking Ltd_
[1977] 2 QB 163 is perhaps the most well-known, the exemption clause must be
brought to the notice of the other contracting party before or at the time the
contract is entered into. Indeed, Mr Tan had quoted only part of paragraph
12-010 from Chitty on Contracts. The entire paragraph states:

‘**Time of notice.** The conditions must be brought to the notice of the party
to be bound before or at the time when the contract is made. If they are not
communicated to him until after the contract is concluded, they will be of no
effect. In _Olley v. Marlborough Court Ltd_ certain property of the plaintiff
was stolen from his hotel bedroom owing to the negligence of the hotel
management. On arrival at the hotel he had signed the hotel register which
contained no mention of any exemption clauses, but in the bedroom there was a
notice disclaiming liability for articles lost or stolen. It was held that the
notice was ineffective as he had not been made aware of it until after the
contract was made.’

76 In the present case, the form for the ‘i’ account states that a copy of the
Rules has been furnished. Moreover the Rules are part of the document which
Elis had signed. In my view, Elis cannot deny that she received a copy of the
Rules. In any event, she is bound by them.

77 UOB also relied on a new set of rules which it had sent to its customers in
1998 (‘the new Rules’). They were effective from October 1998. On the other
hand, Mr Tan argued (paragraph 118) that the new Rules are inapplicable
because they were made after the contract was entered into.

78 In my view, Mr Tan’s argument is not valid. Although the new Rules were
made after the contract was entered into, they were made pursuant to an
enabling provision under the Rules i.e Clause 27. The new Rules are therefore
applicable provided they were sent.

79 According to Sng Lian How, the new Rules were sent via mass mail with a
cover letter dated 1 September 1998 to every customer stating that the new
Rules would come into effect on 1 October 1998. These documents would have
been sent with the statement of account for August 1998 in accordance with the
usual procedure he had described for mailing of statements of account to
customers. He was not challenged on this evidence and I see no reason to
reject it.

80 Since Elis accepted that she did receive the statements of account up to
the end of 1999, I am of the view that she must have received the cover letter
and the new Rules as well.

81 I would add that Elis cannot escape the application of the Rules by saying
that she did not read them or understand them. Indeed, Mr Tan did not submit
any case-law authority for such a proposition. This is not a case whereby the
customer does not even understand or has mistaken the nature of the document
that is signed. In such a case, the plea of non est factum may come into play.
In the case before me, Elis fully understood the nature of the document she
signed i.e a form to open the ‘i’ account. She is a businesswoman with
considerable experience and has two accounts with banks in Indonesia. She
herself said she was aware that these banks have their own terms and
conditions. She chose not to ask for an explanation of the Rules.

82 I would add that just before the disputed instruction of March 2000, Elis
had acceded to Kwek Pau’s request for her to provide security against a
guarantee which UOB was issuing to the Inland Revenue for Kwek Pau’s potential
tax liability. Elis agreed and $25,000 was debited from her ‘i’ account in
January 2000 and placed in a time deposit which was pledged to UOB. For this
exercise, Elis had obtained a vehicle logbook as some security from Kwek Pau
(NE 54). This shows that she was capable of looking after her own interest and
was aware of risks. The latter was also demonstrated when she declined to
invest in UOB’s financial products.

**Clause 13 of the Rules and Clause 13 of the new Rules**

83 Clause 13 of the Rules states:

‘Clause 13 Statements and Verifications

13(a) Statements of account ("Statement of Account") in such form as the Bank
may deem appropriate will be despatched to the Account Holder on such periodic
basis as the Bank may from time to time determine or on such other periodic
basis as may be requested by the Account Holder and agreed by the Bank. The
Account holder shall promptly notify the Bank in writing if the Account Holder
does not receive the Statement of Account within 7 days of the expected date
of receipt thereof.

(b) The Account Holder is under a duty to:

(i) monitor the balance of the Account at all times;

(ii) examine all entries in the Statement of Account;

(iii) within fourteen (14) days of the date of the Statement of Account notify
the Bank in writing of any omission from or debits/credits wrongly made or
made without authority or inaccurate entries in such Statement of Account; and

(iv) sign and return any confirmation slip, including any required for audit
purposes (if requested to do so).

(c) If the Bank does not receive any written notification pursuant to Clause
4(b)(iii) within 21 days from the date of the Statement of Account, then, at
the end of the said 21 days, the Account as kept by the Bank shall be
conclusive evidence, without any further proof, that, except as to any alleged
errors so notified, the Accounts contains all credits that should be contained
therein and no debits that should not be contained therein and all the entries
therein are correct and further the Account Holder shall be bound by such
entries in the Account and the Bank shall be free from all claims in respect
of the Account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Bank reserves the right
upon giving notice to the Account Holder to add to and/or alter the entries in
the Account in the event of missing and/or incorrect entries or amounts stated
therein.’

84 There was a hiccup regarding Clause 13. Clause 13(c) refers to Clause
4(b)(iii) but there is no such provision in the Rules. Mr Tan sought to gain
some mileage from Lee Chong Meng’s evidence on this point. It will be recalled
that Lee was, at the material time, a Customer Services Officer of the
MacPherson Branch who had attended to Elis. During cross-examination, his
attention was drawn to the reference to Clause 4(b)(iii) and he could not find
such a provision in the Rules. He then agreed with Mr Tan that Clause 13(c)
was incomprehensible. However, during re-examination, he was able to explain
the effect of Clause 13(c) and 13(b) and he no longer maintained that Clause
13(c) was incomprehensible.

85 In my view, Lee was caught off-guard when he realised that the reference to
Clause 4(b)(iii) was to a non-existent provision and his evidence about Clause
13(c) being incomprehensible should be considered in that context. It is clear
to me that the reference to Clause 4(b)(iii) arose from an inadvertent error
and the reference should instead be to Clause 13(b)(iii). In my view, anyone
minded to read and understand the Rules would have understood that it is the
customer’s duty to examine the entries in each statement of account and to
notify UOB in writing within fourteen days of the date of the statement of any
debit wrongly made or made without authority. If UOB does not receive such a
notification within 21 days of the date of the statement, the account shall be
conclusive evidence that it is correct and the customer shall be bound by it.

86 Accordingly, I also do not accept Mr Tan’s argument (in his paragraph 114)
that there is confusion between the 14 day period mentioned in Clause
13(b)(iii) and the 21 day period mentioned in Clause 13(c). Besides, it is not
as if Elis had given notice of dispute within 21 days of the statement for
March 2000 and UOB was saying she was out of time.

87 UOB also relied on Clause 13 of the new Rules which states:

‘Clause 13 Statements and Verifications

(a) Statements of account may be sent by ordinary post at monthly intervals or
such other intervals as the Bank may deem fit. If there is no movement in the
Account, no statement will be sent. _The Account Holder is under a duty_**:-**

(i) _to check all entries in the statement of account_**;**

(ii) _to report promptly to the Bank any omission, error, unauthorized
transaction or inaccurate/incorrect entries therein_**;**

(iii) _to sign and return any confirmation slips, including those for auditing
purposes; and_

(iv) _to promptly notify the Bank in writing if he does not receive any
statement that is due to him._

(b) The Bank has the right to adjust the Account to correct any erroneous
entry of omission.

(c) If the Bank does not receive from the Account Holder a written objection
as to the contents of any statement of account within fourteen (14) days of
the statement date:-

(i) the Account Holder shall be deemed conclusively: - (aa) to have accepted,
and shall be bound by, the validity, correctness and accuracy of the
transaction(s)/entries and the balance set out in the statement; and (bb) to
have ratified or confirmed each and every one of the transactions represented
by the entries set out therein;

(ii) the statement shall be deemed conclusive evidence of the Account Holder’s
authorization to the Bank to effect the transaction(s)/entries set out
therein; and

(iii) the Account Holder shall have no claim against the Bank howsoever
arising from, in connection with or as a result of any transaction/entry
referred to therein.’

The main part of Clause 13(a) of the new Rules is emphasised.

88 For present purposes, Clause 13 of the new Rules is similar to Clause 13 of
the old Rules but (a) without the incorrect reference to Clause 4(b)(iii)
which I have mentioned and (b) the written objection from the customer is to
be received by UOB within 14 days instead of 21 days (under the Rules). I will
treat Clause 13 of the Rules and of the new Rules together and refer to both
simply as ‘Clause 13’ for convenience.

89 Mr Kumar referred to three cases to support his submission that Clause 13
is clear and wide enough to exclude liability on the part of UOB even if the
signatures on the disputed instructions were forgeries and were not appended
with Elis’ approval, since Elis did not give any notice to dispute the debit
entries. The three cases are:

(a) _Consmat Singapore (Pte) Ltd v Bank of America National Trust & Savings
Association_ [1992] SLR 828 (a decision by Justice L P Thean)

(b) _Ri Jong Son v Development Bank of Singapore Ltd_ [1998] 3 SLR 64 (a
decision by Justice Kan Ting Chiu)

(c) _Stephan Machinery Singapore Pte Ltd v Oversea Chinese Banking Corporation
Ltd_ [2000] 2 SLR 191 (a decision by Justice Lai Kew Chai)

90 However, in the case of _Ri Jong Son,_ Kan J did not reach a conclusion as
to whether the provision there, which he called the presumption clause, was
wide enough to exempt the bank from liability as the bank had failed to prove
that the statements in question were posted.

91 As for the other two cases, the provisions therein were not identical to
Clause 13 (of the Rules or the new Rules) but sufficiently similar to make the
decisions there highly persuasive. I am likewise of the view that Clause 13 is
clear and wide enough to exclude UOB from liability in the circumstances even
if the signatures were forgeries and had not been appended with Elis’
approval.

**Is Clause 13 reasonable?**

92 Mr Tan submitted that Clause 13 is onerous and unreasonable although he did
not specifically refer to the question of unreasonableness under the Unfair
Contract Terms Act (‘UCTA’). I will assume that he had intended to do so. One
reason Mr Tan gave was that, according to the evidence of Toh Seng Kang of
Datapost, some statements may not be delivered to Singpost for posting until
the fifth day of the next month. There was therefore no reasonable opportunity
for customers to check each statement. In the light of the evidence of Toh
Seng Kang, and the fact that UOB must have customers resident outside
Singapore, UOB may want to re-consider whether the period for the customers’
notice of dispute to be received by UOB should be revised back to 21 days.
However, in the case before me, Elis did not even attempt to send a notice of
dispute and there was no evidence before me as to how long it would have taken
her to check each statement and to revert with any dispute, bearing in mind
she did not have many transactions every month.

93 In _Consmat_ , Thean J found the provision concerned to be fair and
reasonable. At p 837 at C, he said:

‘…. Forgeries of cheques are extremely difficult for a bank to detect. The
defendants as a bank would only be able to detect them by verifying the
signatures on the cheques against the specimen signatures provided by their
customers. They have therefore adopted a practice of returning to their
customers monthly the original cheques drawn or purported to have been drawn
by their customers which have been cleared and paid and these are sent
together with the monthly statements of accounts of the previous month.’

94 In that case, the claim was about forged cheques and the bank concerned did
return the original cheques and send monthly statements of account to the
customer which was a commercial entity. In the case before me, UOB did not
return original cheques which is in any event irrelevant. Even then, I am of
the view that Thean J’s observation about the difficulty of detecting
forgeries applies equally to instructions by fax or letter.

95 I would add that even if most or every other bank would insist on having a
similar provision, the restriction or absence of choice for the customer does
not make the provision unreasonable. Fraud and forgery are, unfortunately, not
rare occurrences. In addition, the wrongful act is often facilitated by the
misplaced trust or negligence of the customer himself. I do not consider it
unreasonable therefore that a customer should be required to check his
statement when it is sent to his designated address and to notify the bank
promptly of any unauthorised transaction reflected on his statement. After
all, that is one of the very purposes of sending the statement to him in the
first place.

96 In my view, Clause 13 is reasonable irrespective of whether UOB was
negligent or not. I do not accept Mr Tan’s submission (in his paragraph 136)
that such a clause would be upheld only if the bank is found out to be at
fault. That applies to clause 27(a) of the new Rules which I shall come to,
but not to clause 13. However, this is not to say that if UOB had
inadvertently and unilaterally made a wrong debit without any purported
instruction whatsoever, it would still be entitled to rely on Clause 13. In
such a situation, it may be against public policy or may be unreasonable to
allow UOB to rely on Clause 13. However, I need say no more on this.

**Negligence, estoppel and clause 27(a) of the new Rules**

97 Paragraph 4 of the Reply pleads negligence on the part of UOB. However, I
accept Mr Kumar’s submission that Elis cannot avoid Clause 13 by founding her
claim in tort. In _Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1166 v Chubb
Singapore Pte Ltd_ [1999] 3 SLR 540, Justice Selvam said, at para 44:

‘44 …. It is a given that liability in tort and contract may co-exist.
However, it is also well-settled that by founding a cause of action in tort
one cannot avoid the exemptions and limitations imposed by contract between
the parties. This position was affirmed in a later decision of the House of
Lords: _Henderson v Merrett Syndicates Ltd_ [1995] 2 AC 145 (HL). In the
result the true proposition is that unless there is a definite advantage in
founding a claim in tort, it would be unwise to infuse it into what is
essentially a claim in contract.’

98 In _The Jian He_ [2000] 1 SLR 8, Chao Hick Tin JA said at para 26:

‘26 Equally pertinent is the following observation of Oliver J in _Midland
Bank Trust Co Ltd v Hett, Stubbs and Camp_ [1979] CH 384, which observation
was approved by the House of Lord in _Henderson v Merrett Syndicates Ltd &
Ors_ [1994] 3 WLR 761:

A concurrent or alternative liability in tort will not be admitted if its
effect would be to permit the plaintiff to circumvent or escape a contractual
exclusion or limitation of liability for the act or omission that would
constitute the tort. Subject to this qualification, where concurrent liability
in tort and contract exists the plaintiff has the right to assert the cause of
action that appears to be the most advantageous to him in respect of any
particular legal consequence.’

99 In the circumstances, it is academic whether UOB was negligent. However,
for completeness, I will deal with the allegations of negligence.

100 Under paragraph 10 of the Statement of Claim, it was asserted that there
was a failure to verify the signatures. This is not true as Jenny had verified
the signature on each of the two disputed instructions.

101 There were also two other assertions under the said paragraph 10 but they
were general assertions and unhelpful:

‘(ii) Failing to take adequate or effective measures to ensure that the
transfer of funds is authorised by the Plaintiff.

(iii) Causing of permitting the transfer of the said moneys when the signature
in the written instruction did not belong to the Plaintiff.’ (this is not even
an assertion of negligence).

102 In the Reply, there were eighteen sub-paragraphs of particulars of
negligence and breach of contract but these sub-paragraphs merely set out the
backgrounds facts and did not specifically identify the act of negligence (or
breach of contract). For example, an assertion in sub-paragraph (xv) that by
acting on the disputed instructions, UOB had cause Elis’ ‘i’ account to go
into an unprecedented substantial overdraft of about $270,000 is a mere
allegation of fact, which is also inaccurate as her account was already in
overdraft by about $6,900 before the disputed instructions were implemented.

103 It was only during the trial that Mr Tan suggested to Lily that she should
have requested Ngo to ask Elis to call Lily direct when Lily learned from Ngo,
in respect of the first disputed instruction, that Elis was coming over to
Ngo’s place to sign the fax instruction.

104 On the other hand, I have taken into account the fact that instructions
were given by Ngo and not by Elis in the past, for example, the undisputed fax
instruction in December 1998 originated from an oral instruction from Ngo.
Secondly, Jenny did attempt to call Elis for the first disputed instruction
but was unsuccessful. She was not asked why she did not attempt to call Elis
again in respect of the second disputed instruction but even if she had made
the attempt, I am of the view that it is likely that she would not have
reached Elis because Elis said the phone numbers on the specimen signature
card were not hers.

105 While it is true that the second disputed instruction was implemented
without waiting for the original, the original did reach UOB subsequently.

106 Mr Tan also submitted that Lily should have asked Ngo to inform Elis to
issue a cheque instead of sending a fax instruction. While that is an
alternative, I do not see why acting on a written instruction which is not a
cheque is necessarily negligent.

107 I accept that a bank should not be lulled into complacency because of a
cosy or familiar relationship with a customer. Also, where a customer is
giving instructions about another person’s account, a bank should be more
careful even though written instructions are received from the other person.
However, that is not to say that on the facts before me, UOB was negligent.

108 Ultimately, Elis must take the responsibility for the situation which has
arisen. At no time did she give UOB an address independent of Ngo or her
children to which bank statements should be sent. Secondly, she did not give
UOB her contact numbers in case UOB would wish to contact her. Thirdly, she
had in the past allowed Ngo to give oral instructions first which were
followed by her (Elis’) written instructions. It may be that this was because
Elis does not speak English fluently but she could have asked for the name of
a bank officer who could speak Hokkien when she first opened her ‘i’ account.
Fourthly, if indeed it was true that she did not receive the bank statements
from 2000, she did not follow up on this.

109 In the circumstances, I am also of the view that there was no fault by UOB
and UOB would also have been entitled to rely on Clause 27(a) of the new Rules
to avoid liability. Clause 27(a) states:

‘27 General Exclusion of Liability

Without prejudice to the generality of the other clauses herein, the Bank
shall not be liable for any loss damage or expense suffered or incurred by the
Account Holder arising from any cause whatsoever through no fault of the Bank,
including without limitation the following:-

(a) alteration of instructions and/or forgery of the Account Holder’s or any
authorised signatory’s signature;’

110 As for estoppel, the pleadings did not show how UOB is estopped from
relying on clause 13. Mere negligence or breach of contract does not
constitute estoppel.

**Summary**

111 I therefore dismiss Elis’ claim with costs to be paid by Elis to UOB, such
costs to be agreed or taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Jan 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

