Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Indian Bank v Greenseas Shipping Co Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 83

Case Number | : | Suit 703/1998, SIC 600059/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Yoga Sharmini Yogarajah (Haridass Ho & Partners) for the Plaintiff.; V Ramakrishnan (V Ramakrishnan & Co) for the Defendant.   
Parties | : |  Indian Bank — Greenseas Shipping Co Pte Ltd   
  
1 This was an application by the defendant to set aside a judgment in default
as well as a winding-up order made consequent to, and on the strength of that
judgment. The plaintiff is a bank and the defendant a shipping company, both
of which were at all material times carrying on business in Singapore. The
plaintiff entered judgment in default of appearance on 20 May 1998 for the sum
of US$3,435,280.02, a debt arising from a loan disbursed under a loan
agreement between the parties in 1990.

2 The writ was filed on 9 May 1998 and served on 12 May 1998 at the registered
address of the defendant, namely 51 Anson Road #06-53. The defendant was
obliged to enter appearance within eight days (inclusive of date of service)
namely, 19 May 1998.

3 Mr V Ramakrishnan, counsel for the defendant first sought to argue that the
defendant did not know that the writ had been served on them because the
registered address was changed by the receiver appointed by the plaintiff. The
receiver was appointed on 11 July 1991 and discharged on 10 July 1993.
However, Miss Yoga for the plaintiff, drew my attention to the record from the
Registry of Companies which shows that the change of the defendant’s
registered address was made on 3 July 1991, before the receiver was appointed.
It was filed by the company secretary Zahabar Ali who was appointed on 2 May
1991 by Karuppiah s/o Narayanan, one of the directors of the defendant
company.

4 Pursuant to the judgment, the plaintiff obtained an order of court winding-
up the defendant on 14 August 1998. In addition to that, the plaintiff sued
the seven directors of the defendant company who stood as guarantors for the
loan. Three of them, including P Mangalaeswaree, who is presently giving
instructions to Mr V Ramakrishnan in this application, did not defend the
claim. The remaining four proceeded to trial in Suit 1510, 1511 and 1513 of
1992. Judgment was given in favour of the plaintiff against all of them in
1997.

5 On 6 February 1997 the defendant commenced an action in the New Delhi court
against the plaintiff in respect of loss caused by the mismanagement of the
company by the receiver appointed by the plaintiff. However the defendant was
unable to proceed unless the consent of the Official Receiver in Singapore was
obtained. His consent was sought on 2 March 2001, but he declined to give his
consent.

6 It is apparent that the stymied action in India was what prompted this
application. On the facts, there was no sufficient explanation as to why this
application was made so many years after judgment had been entered. Nothing in
the affidavit of Mangalaeswaree persuades me that the company or its directors
did not know of the writ. In any event, how could it be possible that they did
not know that the company was wound up, and a liquidator appointed, on account
of the judgment? Thus, nothing on the merits warrant a setting aside of the
judgment and the winding-up order.

7 Finally, this application was taken out without the consent of the
liquidator. Mr Ramakrishnan submitted that he had told the liquidator that he
will be kept informed. I do not think that this is adequate. The application
can only be brought by the liquidator in the name of the defendant.
Mangalaeswaree has no _locus standi_ to make this application.

_For the reasons above, the application was dismissed and costs ordered
against P Mangalaeswaree personally._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

