Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gladioli Investments Pte Ltd v Montien International Limited and Another  
[2003] SGHC 148

Case Number | : | Suit 1522/2002, RA 111/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 July 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andrew Ang (Rajah & Tann) for the plaintiff; Steven Lee (Hilborne & Co) for both defendants   
Parties | : |  Gladioli Investments Pte Ltd — Montien International Limited; Endang Utari Mokodompit   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Ambiguity in the provisions of sale and
purchase agreement – Two conflicting clauses providing for different rates of
interests payable in event of default – Whether extraneous documents may be
adduced to shed light on intention of parties.  
  

1 This matter was commenced as a writ action by the vendor of 69,576,000
ordinary shares of $1 each in the capital of a company called Bugis City
Holdings Pte Ltd, for the total price of $185,042,810. The sale and purchase
of these shares were made pursuant to a comprehensively drafted Sale and
Purchase Agreement (‘the Agreement’). The action was brought against the
purchaser, as the first defendant. The second defendant, an Indonesian citizen
was sued as a guarantor to the first defendant.

2 The main terms of the Agreement were as follows. Under cl 3(B)(1) the first
defendant had to pay the sum of $132,042,810 on the date of completion. Clause
3(B)(2) provided that the sum of $38,000,000 was to be paid in six instalments
and to that end, a schedule was agreed. It will be useful to set out the
schedule:

_Instalment Sum (S$)_ _Date_

(i) 7,500,000 6 months after Completion Date

(ii) 7,500,000 12 months after Completion Date

(iii) 7,000,000 18 months after Completion Date

(iv) 6,340,000 24 months after Completion Date

(v) 4,830,000 30 months after Completion Date

(vi) 4,830,000 36 months after Completion Date

In addition, the parties had agreed to a sum of $15,000,000 described as the
‘Deferred Consideration’ and that was to be paid together with the payment of
the sixth instalment, together with interest at 1.5% per annum.

3 The purchaser defaulted and the vendor sued in this action. Judgment was
obtained on the outstanding principal debt in an application under O 14(2) of
the Rules of Court. The purchaser did not challenge the principal debt
amounting to $53,000,000 but disputes the vendor’s claim in respect of the
interests accrued. The deputy registrar gave judgment for the principal sum
and ordered interests to be calculated at the rate of 3% per annum pursuant to
cl 3(B)(2) which was worded in these terms:

In addition, the purchaser shall pay to the vendor interest on each of the
sums referred to in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (2) which is
outstanding, at the rate of three per cent per annum for the period beginning
on the completion date and ending on the date of receipt by the vendor of such
sum (both before and after judgment), such interest to be calculated on the
basis of a year of 365 days and the actual number of days elapsed and shall be
payable by reference to successive interest periods of six months’ duration so
that such interest shall be paid together with any such sum to be paid in
accordance with this paragraph (2).

4 The vendors appealed. Mr Andrew Ang appearing on their behalf submitted that
the interest payments should be calculated at the rate of 15 per cent per
annum pursuant to cl 3(C). That clause is worded as follows:

In the event that the purchaser fails or neglects to pay any of the
instalments ( or the interest on any such instalment) referred to in paragraph
(2) of sub-clause (B) above or the Deferred Consideration (or the interest on
the Deferred Consideration), the vendor may, but shall not be obliged, extend
the time for payment and the purchaser shall pay to the vendor default
interest on the outstanding amount then due to the vendor, at a rate of 15 per
cent per annum for the period beginning on its due date and ending on the date
of its receipt by the vendor (both before and after judgment). The default
interest shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 365 days and the actual
number of days elapsed.

5 Counsel accepts that cl 3(B)(2) and cl 3(C) are contradictory to each other.
When the purchaser defaults he has to pay interest but either he pays 3% or
15%. It cannot be both, yet in the two provisions in question, the clause
stipulated that the rate applies ‘both before and after judgment’. At this
point, it is also pertinent to note the default clause in cl 6(B). It provides
as follow:

If at any time and for any reason (and whether within or beyond the control of
any party to this agreement) any event of default has occurred then at any
time thereafter, whether or not any event of default is continuing, the vendor
may (but without prejudice to any rights which it may have under the BCH
Charge and the personal guarantee) by notice to the purchaser declare such
part of the purchase consideration still outstanding, all unpaid accrued
interest and any other sum then payable under this agreement to be immediately
due and payable, whereupon they shall become so due and payable.

6 In the general scheme it would appear that once an event of default is
called, all outstanding sums including interest becomes due and payable. Thus,
if one were to ignore cl 3(C) for the moment, in the event of default the
purchaser has to pay all outstanding principal amount as well as interest at
3% as stipulated in cl 3(B)(2). What then is the import of cl 3(C)?

7 Mr Ang suggested that the intention of the parties was to confer a
discretion on the vendor in the event of a default by the purchaser to extend
time for payment instead of exercising its right to call in the entire
outstanding debt inclusive of interest but in that event, cl 3(C) enables it
to charge interest at 15% per annum. That is a plausible suggestion but it is
not entirely clear from the text because both cl 3(B)(2) and cl 3(C) demand
interest, one at 3% and one at 15%, before and after judgment. Both envisaged
a situation of default. In my view, the phrase ‘both before and after
judgment’ ought to be deleted from one or both clauses, but ideally from cl
3(B)(2). If it is deleted from both clauses, a separate and clearer provision
must be incorporated to deal with interest payable after an event of default.
Furthermore, in exercising its rights under cl 3(C) the vendor ought to notify
the purchaser that it is exercising its rights under cl 3(C) and not the
default or any other clause. However, these are substantive matters that must
be expressly incorporated into the agreement and cannot be implied or re-
written by the court. By a separate summons-in-chambers Mr Ang sought to admit
a memorandum of understanding signed between the vendor and purchaser for the
purposes of understanding the terms in cll 3(B)(2) and 3 (C). The Agreement
appears to be a complete and conclusive agreement and was drawn up by
solicitors. No extraneous document, be it a memorandum of understanding or a
draft contract, should therefore be used for interpreting the manifest text of
the Agreement because the parties must, unless expressly agreed otherwise,
have intended that the written contract that they had signed to be the
authoritative version. This is a principle endorsed in the law of evidence.
Neither favour nor reassurance may be received from sources outside the text.
Thus, in the circumstances, where the provision relating to the rate of
interest payable (after judgment had been obtained) is ambiguous, the deputy
registrar correctly ruled in favour of the judgment debtor. The ambiguity
arose from the draftsmanship of the text prepared by the vendor’s previous
solicitors. Furthermore, as cl 3(C) in itself is applicable only where the
vendor had exercised its discretion to extend time for payment instead of its
other rights, for example, under cl 6, and no notice or evidence that it had
done so was proved, cl 3(C) is inapplicable in the instant case. Accordingly,
the appeal was dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jul 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

