Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## A Kanesananthan v Singapore Ceylon Tamils' Association  
[2003] SGHC 93

Case Number | : | OS 19/2003, SIC 268/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Liew Teck Huat (Niru & Co) for the plaintiff; R Chandra Mohan (Rajah & Tann) for the defendant; Vivien Teng (Rajah & Tann) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  A Kanesananthan — Singapore Ceylon Tamils' Association   
  
1 The plaintiff, a retired air-force captain, has been a member of the
defendant association for over 30 years. The defendant is a community
association for Sri Lankan Tamils in Singapore and manages a temple at Ceylon
Road. On 5 July 2002 the plaintiff was involved in an altercation with the
chairman of the temple trust in the presence of several members of the
management committee of the defendant association. The cause of the incident
as described by counsel for both sides does not appear to me to be very
serious, nor, for that matter, the incident itself. Mr Liew, who appeared for
the plaintiff, and Mr Chandra Mohan, who appeared for the defendant, seem to
agree that the incident concerned the refusal of the chief priest of the
temple to perform some rites for the plaintiff. The defendant, however,
alleged that the plaintiff literally threw a book at the chairman but this was
denied by the plaintiff. His version was that he had merely placed the book
before the chairman.

2 The defendant convened a disciplinary committee to inquire into the conduct
of the plaintiff over the abovesaid incident. Shortly before the hearing date,
the plaintiff applied by originating summons to nullify the Constitution and
Rules of the defendant association, and also to annul the initiation of the
disciplinary proceedings.

3 At the same time, an _ex parte_ injunction was sought to restrain the
disciplinary committee from hearing the matter. An interim injunction was
granted on 6 January 2003. The defendant applied to discharge the injunction
and the plaintiff applied to have the originating summons heard. Both
applications came before me on 10 April 2003. I stood down the application to
discharge the injunction and proceeded to hear the originating summons.

4 The thrust of the plaintiff’s case is that the defendant had no authority
under the Constitution of the association to convene a disciplinary hearing
because relevant provision that is cl 11(b) in the Constitution before its
amendment provides the only way a member may be disciplined and that provision
reads as follows:

‘11(b) Any member acting in a manner prejudicial to the interest of the
Association and/or in contravention of any of these Rules may be expelled from
the Association by the members at a General Meeting.’

The plaintiff accepts that as of 21 January 2002 the Constitution was amended
after the Registrar of Societies had approved the draft submitted to it and
had made some changes as the Registrar was empowered to do. Section 11(b) of
the original Constitution thus became broader and now comes in four sub-
clauses namely 11(a), 11(b), 11(c) and 11(d). Under the present Constitution
(as amended) the Management Committee may convene a disciplinary committee to
inquire into the conduct of any member who, in the opinion of the Management
Committee, has acted in a manner prejudicial to the association. The
Management Committee, may after considering the report of the disciplinary
committee, suspend or expel the member. The member, however, may appeal
against any such orders to the General Meeting of the association. Clause
11(d) as it now stands after amendment and approval by the Registrar of
Societies reads as follows:

‘11(d) The member being expelled shall be entitled to appeal to a General
Meeting against the decision of the Management Committee made pursuant to the
aforementioned. A General Meeting shall be convened by the Management
Committee as soon as practicable for that purpose on request by such Member,
provided that such request shall be made within two (2) weeks of receipt of
the decision of the Management Committee. The decision of the General Meeting
shall be by way of a simple majority and shall be final and binding on such
member. If no such request is made or such request is not made within the
prescribed time period, the decision of the Management Committee shall be
final and binding on such member.’

5 The key passage is the last sentence of cl 11(d) – ‘if no such request is
made or such request is not made within the prescribed time period, the
decision of the Management Committee shall be final and binding on such
member’. The plaintiff’s case is that this passage, admittedly re-drafted by
the Registrar of Societies, was submitted to the latter for approval in a form
that was contrary to what the General Meeting had endorsed. Mr Liew submitted
that when the proposal to amend the original cl 11(b) was placed before the
84th General Meeting of the association, the members agreed to a suggestion
that there be provision for an appeal to the courts. Accordingly, the draft
amendment that was approved read as follows:

‘If the member refuses, omits or neglects to attend the Disciplinary Committee
meeting in answer to the notice calling upon him to do so, the Disciplinary
Committee may nevertheless proceed in his absence. The Disciplinary Committee,
at the conclusion of such hearing shall report to the Management Committee its
findings and recommendations. The Management Committee may, after considering
the findings and recommendations of the Disciplinary Committee, expel or
suspend the member or impose any other appropriate penalty. Notice of this
shall be sent to the member. An appeal shall lie from the decision of the
Management Committee to a General Meeting _or to_ any Court of Law.’

6 However, when the Management Committee submitted the draft to the Registrar
for approval, the last sentence read as:

‘An appeal shall lie from the decision of the Management Committee to any
General Committee _but not to any Court of Law_.’ (my emphasis)

The rest of the sub-clause was as approved by the General Meeting. The present
wording of sub-cl (d) was the result of amendments made by the Registrar of
Societies who broke up the submitted sub-cl (d) into sub-cl (c), which is the
unchanged part of the submitted sub-cl (d) and amending the latter part in the
present form.

7 Mr Liew thus argued that the Management Committee had no right to submit a
draft that was different from that approved by the General Meeting and,
accordingly, the submitted draft was illegal and even though the Registrar had
approved it (after amendment), the court is entitled, and ought to, strike it
down as such. Consequently, he submitted, the operative clause would be the
old cl 11(b). Since that clause did not have provisions for a disciplinary
committee to be formed, the hearing scheduled by the disciplinary committee in
the present case must be adjudged null and void. Counsel says that nothing
should prevent the plaintiff in such a situation from seeking redress through
the courts. Mr Liew argued as strenuously as he possibly could, without losing
his usual charming disposition, that that was what Warren Khoo J had held in
_Chiam See Tong v Singapore Democratic Party_ [1994] 1 SLR 278. He referred to
the passages at page 292 to support his contention that the plaintiff need
not, at least not in this case (nor that in _Chiam_ ’s), exhaust all the
internal remedies before coming to court. But that is not really the issue
here. The core issue before me is whether the amended Constitution ought to be
nullified by the court on present facts. He also took pains to refer to
_Singapore Amateur Athletics Association v Haron bin Mundir_ (1994) 1 SLR 47
but here, counsel, with respect, appears to overlook the fact that this was a
judgment made in the context of a judicial review of an administrative
tribunal.  Neither the context nor the text appears to be of any assistance to
the plaintiff. But, that is not to say that Mr Liew’s submission is a weak
one. It was an ostensibly attractive argument, but on a deeper examination,
proves untenable.

8 Mr Liew referred to a club case, _Graeme McGuire v John Rasmussen_ [1998] 3
SLR 180 for the proposition that the members of a club (or association) are
bound by the rules of the club and that their relationship is a contractual
one. He submitted that a failure by any member to comply with the rules or
Constitution of the club amounts to a breach of contract. The breach in this
case, he says, is that the defendant submitted an ‘entirely differently
phrased r 11’. This is an exaggeration, of course, in that the proposed
amendments were not _entirely_ different. Only a few words were different
although they were crucial words. In any event, the facts are not in any way
close to the present case. I agree with the general observation on the law by
JC Lee in that case. In this regard, JC Lee was right when he drew a
distinction between the directors of a company and the management committee of
a club. See _Graeme McGuire v John Russmusten_ , at page 189. But we are here
concerned with a set of rules that have come into force and it is thus a
matter not only of interests to existing members but also potential members
and any other interested third parties, whether for social or commercial
reasons.

9 Mr Liew’s reliance on the Malaysian case of _Choo Yin Loo v Registrar of
Societies_ [1957] 23 LLJ 228 is misplaced because that was a case for judicial
review against the Registrar of Societies himself for wrongfully approving
some amendments submitted to him. They were proposed amendments to the rules
of the Fui Chiu Association. The judgment very plainly stated that the only
issue in that case which the parties had agreed to be adjudicated at that
stage was ‘whether a _certiorari_ lies to the Registrar of Societies in the
circumstances alleged’ and arguments were limited to that point. The court
ruled that _certiorari_ did not lie and that the internal affairs of the
association was of no interest to the Registrar. Those were, the court held,
matters between the members themselves. So, a reading of that case in its
context in fact supports the view I had earlier expressed, that the matter of
submitting a inaccurate amendment for approval is one that must be resolved by
the members in the General Meeting. The General Meeting has several options
including the ratification of the ‘wrongly’ submitted rules. What it would do
is not a matter that is before me, and furthermore, the plaintiff cannot
represent the General Meeting without authority to do so.

10 In situations like this one is reminded of the famous dictum of the
American jurist, Oliver Wendell Homes Jr – ‘The life of the law has not been
logic but experience’. Logic in itself can be misleading as the story of
Achilles and the tortoise proves. Zeno told the story of the race between the
great warrior Achilles and a tortoise. By giving the tortoise a ten-metre
headstart, Achilles lost the race because he could not catch the tortoise. The
philosopher’s logic was this. Achilles must first reach the half-way mark
between him and the tortoise before he can catch up with the tortoise. By the
time he reaches that point, the tortoise would have moved a few more steps
ahead; and to catch it, Achilles would have to reach the half way mark of the
new distance between him and the tortoise. Thus, because he has to first reach
the half way mark each time, Achilles will have to go on _ad infinitum_ and
never reach the tortoise. The flaw in this logic is that it ignores the fact
that motion is both a matter of distance and time. By disregarding the element
of time, Achilles had to run an endless race. The logic in Mr Liew’s arguments
ignores all other elements that are inextricably connected to the draft
amendments that were submitted for approval. The ‘logic’ of Holmes does not
mean merely the cold structure of reason but also the strict adherence to
axioms that guides the direction of the law, just as ‘experience’ in his
context is the encapsulation of all that comes within our perception, or as
Louis Menand describes, ‘the interaction of the human organism with its
environment: beliefs, values, intuitions, customs prejudices’; or as Holmes
himself indicated, ‘the felt necessities of the time’. Holmes, of course, was
a pragmatist, so that would naturally have been his approach. But even if we
adopt a more traditional approach, it will be seen that the plaintiff can find
no legal principle that supports his contention. Fraud has not been proved or
even alleged. If, as it appears, there was a mistake between the passing of
the amendment and the final adoption into the Constitution of the association,
then the error must be rectified, and until it is, the rule stands.

11 I agree entirely with counsel that it is perfectly logical to say that if
the General Meeting approves version A and the Management Committee submitted
version B and obtained approval for version B, that version had no connection
with the General Meeting and cannot be legitimate since it was not the
approved version. What Mr Liew did not take into account here, was that the
Management Committee was empowered to submit drafts to the Registrar for
approval, and the Registrar is entitled to accept at face value that the
drafts were authorised. Once these had been approved and taken effect, the
amended Constitution has legal force until ruled otherwise. Therefore, the
members as well as third parties dealing with the association are bound by the
Constitution as it stands. It is not for me or any single member of the
association to rectify the error in these proceedings. The association itself
is a party before me and is holding the view that the amended Constitution
applies. The plaintiff’s recourse, therefore, is to revert to the General
Meeting.

12 Finally, it is not disputed that the omission in question in this case
concerned the right to appeal to the courts. All the rest of the approved
proposed amendments were faithfully put to the Registrar of Societies. In this
regard, it is not accurate to say that because of the omission of that short
segment, the entire amendment is illegal (to use Mr Liew’s words) and the
Constitution must be re-written by the court to revert to the old cl 11(b).
Even though the right to appeal is not provided in cl 11(d) as it now stands,
there is no impediment to the plaintiff to seek judicial review of the
disciplinary committee or the Management Committee’s decision should such be
warranted. One of the fears in _Chiam_ ’s case was that there may be no quorum
to conduct the disciplinary hearing. No such evidence or argument was placed
before me save the suggestion from Mr Liew that the Management Committee
members who might be witnesses may sit in the Disciplinary Committee. Mr
Chandra Mohan was quick to point out that there was no evidence to suggest
that this would be so. It is therefore, in my view, an unwarranted fear on the
plaintiff’s part at this stage to assert that the disciplinary committee is or
will be bias.

13 For the reasons above, I do not think that the court ought to intervene and
nullify the defendant’s Constitution on account of the mistake (or even
mischief) of the Management Committee in the circumstances of this case. The
costs of taking out the ex parte application and the defendant’s application
to discharge that application shall be borne by the plaintiff.

Application dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

