Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Transnational Recycling Industries Pte Ltd v Semac Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 130

Case Number | : | Suit 1330/2001, 676/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 June 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Foo Maw Shen and Daryl Ong (Ang & Partners) for the plaintiffs in both suits; Davinder Singh SC, Tan Boon Khai and Walter Thevathasan (Drew & Napier LLC) for the defendants in both suits.   
Parties | : |  Transnational Recycling Industries Pte Ltd — Semac Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Breach – Whether recycling agreements between parties breached –
Whether consequent termination proper – Whether damage has been suffered by
parties.  
  

1 These two actions, Suit No 1330 of 2001 (‘the 2001 action’) and Suit No 676
of 2002 (‘the 2002 action’), involving claims and counterclaims, were heard by
me over 14 days. In both the suits, the plaintiffs were Transnational
Recycling Industries Pte Ltd (‘Transnational’) and the defendants were Semac
Pte Ltd (‘Semac’). Transnational’s claim against Semac was for about S$11.8
million. Both actions were, in substance, tried together and the evidence
proffered in one action was by agreement used in the other.

2 From the pleadings and the facts presented, it would appear that sometime in
1998 or 1999, the Ministry of Environment, Singapore (‘ENV’) decided to
privatise the collection of municipal waste in Singapore. For this purpose,
ENV divided Singapore into nine sectors – Pasir Ris-Tampines, Bedok, Jurong,
Clementi, Tanglin-Bukit Merah, Hougang-Punggol, Ang Mo Kio-Toa Payoh,
Woodlands-Yishun and City and called for tenders from pre-qualified companies.
Semac was one of the pre-qualified companies and was at all material times a
public waste disposal collector to collect waste material from domestic and
trade premises, as appointed by the Commissioner of Public Health. It was
unsuccessful in its first two tenders for the sectors of Pasir Ris-Tampines
and Bedok. It was, however, subsequently successful in securing the tenders
for five other sectors, namely, Clementi, City, Hougang-Punggol, Ang Mo Kio-
Toa Payoh and Woodlands-Yishun. As was the case, Semac teamed up with
Transnational, a waste recycling company also registered with the Commissioner
of Public Health in Singapore in relation to these five sectors.

3 The dispute in the two actions revolved around the acts and obligations of
the parties arising from five separate written agreements entered into between
them in relation to recycling services for the said five sectors. Of the five
agreements, the first two were the subject matter of the 2002 action and the
remaining three the subject of the 2001 action. They were:

(a) An agreement dated 4 September 2000 under which Transnational was to carry
out, inter alia, recycling services in the Clementi sector for a period of
five years;

(b) An agreement dated 21 October 2000 under which Transnational was to carry
out, inter alia, recycling services in the City sector for a period of five
years;

(c) An agreement dated 21 October 2000 under which Transnational was to carry
out, inter alia, recycling services in the Hougang-Punggol sector for a period
of five years;

(d) An agreement dated 11 November 2000 under which Transnational was to carry
out, inter alia, recycling services in the Ang Mo Kio-Toa Payoh sector for a
period of five years; and

(e) An agreement dated 11 November 2000 under which Transnational was to carry
out, inter alia, recycling services in the Woodlands-Yishun sector for a
period of five years.

4 For all intents and purposes, the terms of the said agreements were
identical except in relation to the sector names and it would appear from the
pleaded case that Transnational commenced providing recycling services for the
Clementi sector from 23 April 2001 and for the City sector from 11 June 2001.
As for the Hougang-Punggol and Ang Mo Kio-Toa Payoh sectors, Transnational was
obliged to commence its services on 1 July 2001 and for the Woodlands-Yishun
sector on 1 August 2001.

5 Except where occasion would warrant specific reference, the Clementi and
City sectors will be referred to in this grounds as the “Existing sectors” and
the other three as the ‘Remaining sectors’.

6 Insofar as material, a few significant terms of the agreement require
reproduction and they are:

1.1  Definition

…

The term “Designated Premises” shall mean all premises within the Sector at
the time of the issue of the Licence and such other premises designated by the
Commissioner of Public Health during the period of the Licence.

…

The term “Recyclable Materials” shall mean such recyclable waste that, without
this recycling program, would otherwise have entered into the waste stream
covered under the Licence for the Sector, including all types of papers
(including old newspapers, magazines and books), textile and old clothing,
used beverage cans, pots, pans, tins, soft toys, shoes and bags and such other
recyclable materials as determined by the Registered Recycler and approved by
Semac from time to time, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

The term “Recycling Services” shall mean the provision of regular Recyclable
Materials collection services by the Registered Recycler to the Designated
Premises.”

…

2.1 Recycling Services

Subject to Clause 3, [the Defendants agree] to engage and [the Plaintiffs
agree] to provide the Recycling Services subject to the terms and conditions
of this Agreement.

…

5.1 Termination

(a) Subject to the consent of the Commissioner of Public Health, and without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies which the Parties may have one
against the other, this Agreement may be terminated by either [the Plaintiffs]
or [the Defendants] for breach of any terms and conditions of this Agreement
if the breach which is capable of remedy is not remedied within 30 days after
the service of a written notice thereof.

…

7.1 Methodology

[The Plaintiffs] shall be required to collect the Recyclable Materials in the
following manner:

(a) [The Plaintiffs] will provide the Recycling Services to all public housing
units, private condomimium, private apartment and landed properties covered
under the Licence for the Sector (“Recycling Location”). The Recycling
Services will later be offered to include tertiary institutions and commercial
complexes over a period of twelve (12) months, commencing from the
Commencement Date, unless otherwise directed by ENV.

(b) The Recycling Location will be divided into twelve (12) segments.

(c) A segment will be scheduled as a one-day collection exercise resulting in
each household unit being serviced once in two (2) weeks.

(d) The collection day will not be on a Sunday or a public holiday.

(e) Each participating household will be provided with a plastic recycling bag
of a specific colour and design as agreed between the Parties, together with a
reminder notice of the next collection date, to be given at least 3 or 4 days
prior to the next collection day.

(f) The plastic recycling bag will carry the following printed instructions:

(i) informing the residents to place the Recyclable Materials without the need
for segregation into the plastic recycling bag provided;

(ii) the type of recyclable materials that are currently being collected under
the Recycling Program;

(iii) informing the residents to put the plastic recycling bag outside their
doorway by 8.30 am on the scheduled collection day.

(g) On the scheduled collection day, the authorized employees of [the
Plaintiffs] will carry out door-to-door collection of the plastic recycling
bags.

(h) The door-to-door collection of the plastic recycling bags will be carried
out between 8.30 am and 12.30 pm or such other time as may be agreed to
between ENV, [the Defendants] and [the Plaintiffs], from Monday to Saturday,
except public holidays.

(i) The collected plastic recycling bags will be placed onto metal cage
trolleys, which will then be loaded onto collection trucks, for transporting
directly to the sorting and processing center in Tuas and or other location as
the Parties may agree.

(j) Subject to the prior consent of ENV and [the Defendants], [the Plaintiffs]
shall be entitled to improve the methodology for the collection of the
Recyclable Materials.

7.3 Non-exclusivity

The Registered Recycler will not have exclusive rights to collect Recyclable
Materials from the Designated Premises.

8.1 Methodology

The method for determining and tracking the amount of Recyclable Materials
collected in the Sector shall be as follows:

(a) Each sector serviced by [the Defendants] will be assigned a specific
colour and design. All Recycling Locations will be divided into segments and
all segments will use plastic recycling bags of the designated colour and
design.

(b) [The Plaintiffs] shall obtain the tare weight of each of the collection
trucks loaded with twenty-one (21) metal cage trolleys from a public weigh
bridge. The record of such tare weight will be available for inspection by
[the Defendants] at any time and [the Plaintiffs] will produce a copy of it to
[the Defendants] upon request.

(c) The collection trucks will proceed to the segment designated for
collection on that day and in the case of public housing estates, the
employees will unload the metal cage trolleys at each block of the public
housing estate.

(d) The employees will collect the plastic recycling bag from door-to-door
between 8.30 am and 12.30 pm and in the case of public housing estates, the
plastic recycling bag will be brought down the staging point at the void deck
of each block of the public housing estate.

(e) The plastic recycling bags will be placed onto the metal cage trolleys for
temporary storage and handling pending transportation to the
sorting/processing center.

(f) The employees then start loading up the metal cage trolleys filled with
the plastic recycling bags onto the collection truck.

(g) The collection truck loaded with the filled twenty-one (21) metal cage
trolleys will proceed to a public weighbridge to record its gross weight for
that particular trip of the day. A copy of the weight ticket is retained and
presented to the sorting/processing center upon delivery of the Recyclable
Materials, as evidence of the gross weight of that trip.

(h) The sorting/processing center will keep a report which will record each
delivery made by the collection truck including the program identification,
truck vehicle registration number, date and time, the gross weight (as
evidenced by the weight ticket) and the tare weight for that vehicle.

(i) The difference between the gross weight and the tare weight will reflect
the net weight of the plastic recycling bags, containing the Recyclable
Materials, collected on that trip. This net weight shall be the basis for
determining the amount payable by [the Defendants] to [the Plaintiffs].

(j) In the sorting/processing center, the metal cage trolleys will be placed
for sorting. The plastic recycling bags will be discharged onto the sorting
line so that the different materials may be segregated into the respective
bulk containers. [the Plaintiffs] will weigh each bulk container and will
record the weight of the empty bulk container in its record kept for this
purpose.

(k) Upon completion of sorting of each batch of metal cage trolleys, each bulk
container will be weighed again for its gross weight and the gross weight will
be recorded in the record kept by [the Plaintiffs] for this purpose. The
difference between the gross weight of a bulk container and the weight of an
empty bulk container will reflect the net weight of the Recyclable Materials
in each bulk container. The total weight of all the segregated Recyclable
Materials from each collection will reconcile with the net weight reported by
the truck team.

(l) [The Plaintiffs] will prepare a daily report showing the total net weight
of Recyclable Materials brought in by the collection trucks and the net
weights of the different recyclable materials sorted for each respective
program. All documents, including the weight receipt and records kept by [the
Plaintiffs] in relation to the Recycling Services, will be available for
review and audit by [the Defendants] and the Auditor appointed for the program
at any time.

(m) [The Defendants] reserves the right, subject to consultation with and
agreed by [the Plaintiffs], such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, to
change the reporting requirements for determining the amount of Recyclable
Materials collected by [the Plaintiffs].

(n) Subject to the prior consent of ENV and [the Defendants], [the Plaintiffs]
shall be entitled to improve the methodology for the determination of the
amount of Recyclable Materials collected.

…

10.4 **_Compliance with law, regulations/code of practice_**

[The Plaintiffs] represents and warrants to [the Defendants] that it has
complied with and undertakes that it will comply with all applicable law and
regulations (including without limitation all law and regulations relating to
the health and safety of the employees of [the Plaintiffs], labour laws and
requirements as set out by the Ministry of Manpower, requirements of the Land
Transport Authority), code of practice/guidelines/directions from ENV, if
any.”

7 As it happened, matters did not proceed smoothly. Soon there was discord,
arguments bred bitterness and bitterness led to the actions now being
addressed. In order to understand the issues that require resolution in the
disputes between the parties, it would be necessary to briefly set out the
parties’ respective averments in their pleadings in both actions.

**_2001 action – Remaining sectors_**

8 In respect of the 2001 action concerning the Remaining sectors, the
allegation by Transnational was that Semac had evinced an intention not to be
bound by the relevant agreements and repudiated them. Particulars provided by
Transnational in its statement of claim read:

8\. By the Defendants’ conduct as particularised herein, the Defendants have
evinced an intention no longer to be bound by the Agreements and have
repudiated the same.

**_PARTICULARS_**

(1) At a meeting on 11 June 2001, held between the Plaintiffs and the
Defendants, the Defendants informed the Plaintiffs that the Defendants would
be engaging another recycling company to carry out the recycling programs for
each of three Sectors in questions. This was reiterated in a letter dated 11
June 2001 sent by the Defendants to the Plaintiffs;

(2) At the meetings held on 26 July 2001 and 23 August 2001 respectively,
between the Plaintiffs and the Defendants, the Defendants again reiterated
that they would not be honouring/complying with their obligations under the
Agreements;

(3) On or about 1 July 2001, an article appeared in the Straits Times, wherein
it was stated that the recycling programs in the three Sectors would be
carried out by Semac Recycling;

(4) Since July 2001, the Defendants had put in place the necessary mechanisms
and the publicity for the recycling programs to be carried out by Semac
Recycling, in place of the Plaintiffs, for the three Sectors in question. In
fact, Semac Recycling had carried out such recycling programs in the three
Sectors, in place of the Plaintiffs.

9 Transnational averred that, as it was entitled to do, it accepted Semac’s
repudiation and claimed damages for $8 million, comprising $1.9 million for
expected profit from sale of recyclable materials and $6.1 million for amount
receivable under cl 6 of the respective agreements entered into between them.
(The final claim, however, was more. In relation to the Remaining sectors, the
amount actually claimed was $8,761,426).

10 As regards the 2001 action, Semac’s declared position was (paras 7 and 8 of
the amended defence) that in or about late May and early June, Semac decided,
as it was entitled to under cl 7.3 of the agreements, to engage another
recycling company to provide recycling services concurrently with the
plaintiffs in the Remaining sectors. It averred that this decision was
conveyed to Transnational during a meeting held on 11 June 2001 as well as in
a letter dated 11 June 2001 from Semac to Transnational. On or about 26 July
2001 and 23 August 2001, Semac further confirmed that it would be engaging
another recycling company to provide recycling services in the Remaining
sectors concurrently with Transnational. Semac averred that since 1 July 2001,
Semac Recycling Pte Ltd (‘Semac Recycling’) began preparations to provide
recycling services in the Remaining sectors. Semac maintained that cl 7.3 of
the agreements provided that Transnational ‘will not have exclusive rights to
collect Recyclable Materials’ from the premises in the sectors. Alleging
breaches on the part of Transnational (see para 16 to 25 of Semac’s amended
defence and counterclaim filed in the 2001 action), Semac counter claimed
against Transnational for damages and other relief.

11 Transnational in its reply and defence to counterclaim – amended on 30
October 2002 - denied that Semac was entitled to the position claimed by it,
contending that cl 7.3 of the agreements did not confer on Semac any right to
engage another recycling company to provide recycling services under the
agreements. It further averred (see para 3 (1) of their reply and defence to
the counterclaim) that at about the time the agreements were executed, the
understanding between the parties was that Transnational would be the
recycling company to provide the recycling services for all the sectors and cl
7.3 of the agreement (which provided that “[t]he Registered Recycler will not
have exclusive rights to collect Recyclable Materials from the Designated
Premises”) was included in the agreements on the understanding that the
_karang gunis_ operating in the sectors were beyond the control of both
parties.

**_2002 action – Existing sectors_**

12 In respect of the 2002 action concerning the Existing sectors (Clementi and
City), Transnational averred (paras 3 to 11 of the statement of claim) that
under the terms of the agreements, it was told by Semac to commence recycling
services with effect from May 2001 for the Clementi sector and from 1 June
2001 for the city sector. But whilst Transnational was still providing such
recycling services pursuant to the agreements, Semac by its letter dated 12
March 2002, wrongfully terminated and repudiated the said agreements. The
termination according to the said letter was to take effect on 15 April 2002.
Transnational accepted the said repudiation by their letter dated 19 March
2002 and claimed damages. (The sum claimed as damages for the existing sectors
was $3,125,334). The said letters dated 12 March 2002 from Semac and the reply
from Transnational dated 19 March 2002 read as follows:

(a) 12 March 2002

Transnational Recycling Industries Pte Ltd

No. 22 Tuas Avenue 2 _By Fax & Registered Post_

Singapore 639453 _6897 8488_

Attention: Mr Daron Liew

Dear Sir,

**Recycling Agreements for City and Clementi Sectors between Semac Pte Ltd
(“Semac”) and Transnational Recycling Industries Pte Ltd (“TRI”)**

We refer to our letter dated 25th June 2001 and the Recycling Agreement for
the Clementi Sector dated 4th September 2000 and the Recycling Agreement for
the City Sector dated 21st October 2000 (“the Recycling Agreements”).

Pursuant to clause 5.1(a) of the Recycling Agreements read with clause 14(a),
by our letter of 25th June 2001, we put you on notice that you are in breach
of various terms and conditions of the Recycling Agreements.

To date, these breaches have not been remedied.

Therefore, with the consent of the Commissioner of Public Health, we have
decided to terminate the Recycling Agreements with you pursuant to clause
5.1(a) of the Recycling Agreement.

So that you will be able to make the necessary arrangements, the termination
will take effect on _15 th April 2002_.

Yours faithfully

(signed)

WONG KAN POR

Executive Vice President/General Manager

Semac Pte Ltd

…

(b) 19 March 2002

Our Ref DL/L075/02/TRI

Semac Pte Ltd

3 Lim Teck Kim Road

#08-01 Singapore Technologies Building

Singapore 088934

**Attention: Ms Loh Wai Kiew/Mr Wong Kan Por**

Dear Sirs

**Recycling Agreement for City and Clementi Sectors between Semac Pte Ltd
(“Semac”) and Transnational Recycling Industries Pte Ltd (“TRI”)**

1\. We refer to your letter of 12 March 2002.

2\. We disagree with your purported bases for termination of the agreements of
4 September 2001 and 21 October 2001 (the “Agreements”) effective 15 April
2002. We are of the view that your termination of the Agreements was wrongful.

3\. Nevertheless, we accept your repudiation of the Agreements. As per your
request, please let us know what arrangements you wish to be made come 15
April 2002. We reserve all our rights including our right to state our
position in full at the appropriate stage and forum.

Yours faithfully

Transnational Recycling Industries Pte Ltd

(signed)

DARON K W LIEW

Chairman/Chief Executive Officer

13 Semac’s defence was that it was Transnational who breached the terms of the
agreements. Particulars of the alleged breaches on the part of Semac were set
out in para 3 to 5 of Semac’s amended defence and counterclaim and they read:

3\. The Plaintiffs breached the terms set out in paragraph 2 above.

**_Particulars of Breaches_**

(i) In breach of clause 2.1 of the Recycling Agreements, the Plaintiffs failed
to provide and/or adequately provide Recycling Services in that they failed to
collect:-

(a) Recyclable Materials namely glass and plastics which were generated by the
households participating in the recycling program. By their facsimile dated 21
August 2000, the Plaintiffs admitted that they were obliged to collect, inter
alia, glass. Despite repeated requests and reminders by the Defendants to do
so, the Plaintiffs refused to collect glass and plastics. The particulars of
the Defendants’ requests and reminders are set out in paragraph 5 below; and

(b) Recyclable Materials from HDB premises within the City and Clementi
Sectors. A list of the said HDB premises is set out in Annex 1 hereto.

(ii) In breach of clause 7.1(i), the Plaintiffs, _inter alia_ , did not place
the collected recycling bags onto metal cage trolleys on the collection trucks
for transport to the sorting and processing centre.

(iii) In breach of clause 8.1(a), the Plaintiffs failed to ensure that all
Recyclable Materials collected were collected in plastic bags of the colour
and design assigned to each Sector. The Plaintiffs were concurrently involved
in other recycling programs in the City and Clementi Sectors. This breach made
it impossible for the Defendants to identify which Recyclable Materials had
been collected under the Defendants’ recycling program. Given that the
Defendants were obliged under clause 6.1(a) to pay the Plaintiffs for the
weight of the Recyclable Materials collected, this made it impossible for the
Defendants to verify the Plaintiffs’ claim for payment.

(iv) In breach of clause 8.1(I), the Plaintiffs failed to prepare a report
showing the total net weight of recyclable materials brought in by collection
trucks and the net weight of the different recyclable materials sorted for
each respective program on a daily basis and/or failed to provide such a
report to the Defendants upon their request.

(v) In breach of clause 10.4, the Plaintiffs failed to comply with various
codes of practice / guidelines / directions issued by the Ministry of
Environment (“ENV”) in respect of:-

(a) the collection of glass and plastics. The Plaintiffs did not at any time
collect glass and plastic;

(b) the provision of an operations plan with a timetable for collection of
recyclable materials and the location covered by collections on a particular
day. The Plaintiffs failed to provide such plans on a timely basis or at all;

(c) the provision of 2 recycling bags and the use of deep recycling bags. The
Plaintiffs distributed 1 recycling bags to each household;

(d) the replacement of recycling bags on the date of collection. TRI refused
to issue fresh recycling bags on the date of collection;

(e) the provision of a carton/plastic box to each HDB/landed property
household to hold the 2 recycling bags. The Plaintiffs failed to provide such
cartons/plastic boxes; and

(f) the compilation and completion of the return on recycling for HDB flats
and landed properties, illustrating the location and number of households
involved, the weight of each type of recyclable materials collected and the
participation rates, once each cycle of collection of recycling materials was
completed. The Plaintiffs failed to provide such returns on a timely basis or
at all.

4\. Full particulars in respect of ENV’s codes of practice / guidelines /
directions are set out in paragraph 5 below.

5\. Between May and October of 2001, the Defendants notified the Plaintiffs to
remedy the breaches referred to in paragraph 3 above. The Plaintiffs
wrongfully failed to do so.

14 Transnational in its reply (amended on 30 October 2002) averred that the
breaches relied on by Semac were not material breaches (para 3) and at any
rate (see paras 4 and 5 therein) that under cl 5.1 (a) of the agreements, it
was a condition precedent that a 30-day notice in writing be given before the
right of termination conferred under the said clause could be exercised.
Transnational maintained that inasmuch as such a written notice in compliance
with the said clause was not given to them, Semac’s claims were flawed for
want of fulfilment of the said condition precedent.

**_Evidence - Transnational_**

15 As stated at the outset, the evidence adduced by witnesses in one suit
could be used for the purposes of the other suit. As for Transnational, there
were altogether four witnesses: Mr Daron Liew Kuan Wye (‘Daron Liew’),their
chairman and chief executive officer, Ms Irene Chan Geok Lian (‘Irene Chan’),
their operations manager, Ms Ng Soh Cheng (‘Ng’), their finance manager and Mr
John Nolan, an expert witness for Transnational, presently a director of an
Australian company known as Nolan-ITU Pty Ltd.

16 The evidence of Daron Liew, insofar as was material, was to the following
effect.

17 He is an accountant by profession and was not new to recycling. In 1977, he
started a business known as Metascrap, a company specialising in the
collection and recycling of scrap metal. Metascrap was converted into a
private limited company and its name was changed on 21 June 1999 to
Transnational Recycling Industries Pte Ltd. Transnational became a registered
recycler with ENV on 28 July 2000. Subsequently, he initiated discussions with
Mr Cheong Quee Wah, the president of Sembcorp Waste Management Pte Ltd
(‘SembWaste’) to explore the possibility of Transnational collaborating with
them in respect of tenders called by ENV in connection with the Singapore
Government’s decision to privatise refuse collection. Discussions ensued
between the parties. In the course of the discussion, he came into contact
with one Kelly Landrum from Semac’s side. Kelly Landrum and Daron Liew were
directly involved in the negotiations on the terms of the agreements that were
finally signed between the parties.

18 During discussions, Daron Liew proposed that the amount to be paid to
Transnational for each tonne of recyclable materials collected, be 80% of the
prevailing ENV’s waste disposal fee. At that time, ENV charged a sum of $67 as
waste disposal fee for each tonne of waste incinerated. The sum payable to
Transnational worked out to $53.60. Kelly Landrum was agreeable to this. In
the event, a draft agreement was received by him from one Ms Yee Pui Phing, a
legal officer from SembWaste.

19 After going through the draft agreement in its entirety, it was clear to
Daron Liew that the parties were intent on entering into a binding agreement
to carry out recycling services for the entire sector in question for five
years, unless the agreement was terminated under cl 5 therein. In other words,
the relationship between the parties was meant to be exclusive. As a result,
he took the view that the proposed inclusion of a non-exclusivity clause would
not be helpful. So he called Kelly Landrum and told him about his proposal to
delete cl 7.3. The reply from Kelly Landrum was that it was a standard clause
stipulated by ENV to be included in any contract that was to be entered
between the public waste collectors and the registered recycler. Kelly Landrum
told him that he could well understand the need for such a clause, for there
was no constraint on the _karang gunis_ operating in the sector by either the
Government/ENV or the public waste collectors, or for that matter, any other
party. Kelly Landrum further clarified that without the inclusion of cl 7.3,
it would have required Semac and ENV to prohibit the collection of recyclable
materials by the _karang gunis_ and any other third party, and that would have
been an impossible task.

20 Daron Liew said that he understood the issue relating to the _karang gunis_
, as Transnational had encountered the same problem in one of their first
projects. He was also fully cognisant of the social and political dimension to
the issue of _karang gunis_ – by reason of the implementation of the recycling
programme, the _karang gunis_ , who have traditionally been the collectors of
recyclable items, were potentially being deprived of their regular source of
livelihood.

21 Daron Liew and Kelly Landrum also talked about the categories of recyclable
materials that were to be collected. At the outset, he told Kelly Landrum that
he could not agree to having glass and bottles included in the list of
recyclable materials. He told him that from his previous experience, there was
little resale value for such material. He told Kelly Landrum further that
Transnational would be agreeable to subsequently including glass and plastic
as the recyclable materials to be collected, if suitable buyers were found for
them in the course of carrying out the recycling programme. Kelly Landrum
appreciated the difficulties and was agreeable to the proposed exclusion.
According to him, Kelly Landrum reassured him that it was not the intention of
Semac to have two recyclers collect different recyclable materials from the
premises in the same sector since such a scenario did not make commercial
sense.

22 On various dates ie, 17 November 2000, 14 December 2000, 9 January 2001,
and 7 February 2001, Transnational was informed by Semac that the latter had
been awarded the public waste collection licence by ENV for the Clementi,
City, Hougang-Punggol and the Woodlands-Yishun sectors. Transnational was then
asked by Semac to plan the recycling programmes for the said sectors and
consequently Transnational made the preparations for the roll-out of the
recycling programmes (see para 84 of Daron Liew’s AEIC).

23 Semac provided Transnational with details of boundary, street names and
household numbers in relation to the Existing sectors (Clementi and City) but
details were not forthcoming from Semac in relation to the Remaining sectors.
He said that the recycling programme for the Clementi sector commenced on 23
April 2001 for the landed properties and on 2 May 2001 HDB units,
respectively.

24 On 5 May 2001, Irene Chan sent an e-mail requesting Semac to forward to
Transnational, the details concerning Remaining sectors. But to Daron Liew’s
surprise, on 22 May 2001, Wong Kan Por of Semac wrote to Transnational
stating, ‘We have received some negative feedback on the recycling programme
and would like to inform you that our senior management is reviewing our
collaboration with your company’. Since the recycling programme for the City
sector had yet to start, and as the programme had only been in effect in the
Clementi sector for about a month, he was surprised by the contents of this
letter. As such, he immediately asked his executives to look into this matter.
No proper explanation was forthcoming from Semac. In the result on 11 June
2001, he and his team of executives had a meeting with the executives of
Semac. He was much taken aback by the conduct of Semac’s team at this meeting.
They seemed to be looking for reasons to renege on their obligations under the
agreements with Transnational.

25 On 13 June 2001, Transnational received two letters from Semac. The first
dated 11 June 2001 read: “We write to inform you that we will be engaging
another recycling company to carry out recycling activities in Hougang-
Punggol, Ang Mo Kio-Toa Payoh and Woodlands-Yishun. We will let you have the
demarcation of boundary shortly”. The other letter dated 13 June 2001 said
that Transnational had failed to comply with ENV’s requirements and Semac’s
requests despite repeated reminders.

26 On 21 June 2001, an e-mail was sent by Semac to Transnational, enclosing a
list of street names and the number of household units on each of the streets,
for the latter to carry out the recycling programme in each of the Remaining
sectors. Daron Liew noted that for each of the Remaining sectors, the number
of units assigned to Transnational amounted to roughly 1% or less of all the
household units within each of the said sectors. Subsequent developments
confirmed to him that a subsidiary of SembWaste had started its recycling
programmes in the Remaining sectors.

27 By its letter dated 25 July 2001, Semac enquired as to when Transnational
would commence the recycling programme for the premises designated by them.
The reply from Transnational was that since Semac had, by way of their letter
dated 11 June 2001, purported to terminate the agreements in relation to the
Remaining sectors, a clarification was required as to how Semac actually
intended to proceed.

28 Two meetings took place between the parties on 26 July and 23 August 2001
since then. According to Daron Liew, at the meeting of 26 July 2001, one Jack
Chuang of Semac told them, amongst other things, that Semac was unable to work
with the agreement as it was one that was unfair. At the meeting on 23 August
2001, Jack Chuang insisted that Semac would not work with Transnational.

29 Given what had transpired, Daron Liew did not see any point in continuing
with the relationship under the agreements in respect of the Remaining
sectors. As such, on 9 October 2001, Transnational wrote to Semac setting out
the events which had transpired with regard to the Remaining sectors and
intimated that Semac’s conduct was clearly in repudiatory breach of the
agreements and that Transnational accepted the repudiation and sought to claim
damages as a result.

30 Daron Liew said that had Kelly Landrum confirmed or given him the
understanding that Semac had a right to appoint other recyclers along with
Transnational, he would never have executed the agreement in those terms, nor
agreed to the said clause. He also said that the pricing formula proposed by
him and agreed upon was made on the understanding that there was going to be
an exclusive relationship between the parties; if not, he would have proposed
a different pricing formula. He said that Semac should not be allowed to
resile from the agreements. He added that as a consequence of Semac’s
breaches, Transnational had suffered damages. He said that the damages aspect
and the computation in relation thereto would be dealt with by Ms Ng and Mr
John Nolan.

31 Irene Chan, the operations manager of Transnational had affirmed two
affidavits of evidence in-chief, one in respect of the 2001 action and the
other in respect of the 2002 action. The main aspects of her evidence can be
summarised as follows.

32 She essentially oversaw all operational aspects of the recycling programmes
carried out by the plaintiffs. According to her, shortly after Transnational
was informed that Semac had been awarded the ENV tender for public waste
collection, licence for the Clementi sector planning on the operations aspects
of the recycling programmes in relation to that sector commenced. The Clementi
sector comprised approximately 55,000 HDB units and 10,000 landed units. She
said that Transnational’s practice in their earlier recycling programmes was
to give each household a recycling bag with an instructional pamphlet and an
introductory letter. However, on or around 16 March 2001, Semac requested the
distribution of a mini-bin in a yellow plastic bag, along with an A4- sized
envelope to contain the introductory letter and recycling bag to form a
‘Recycling Kit’. No reason was given by Semac for that request. Yet
Transnational, out of goodwill, agreed to the A4 envelope and absorbed the
cost for it. However, they could not do the same for the mini-bin and yellow
plastic bag as the cost factor was quite significant. Therefore, Transnational
suggested that Semac provide them at their cost. However, these items were
eventually abandoned since Semac was unwilling to provide the funds even
though Semac was the party who had suggested it in the first place.

33 On 4 April 2001, there was a meeting between the parties and Irene Chan was
present at that meeting. The most contentious issue was whether Semac should
be billed for newspapers collected by Transnational. This appeared to be a
major issue given the fact that Transnational was paid according to the
tonnage of recyclable materials collected, and newspapers constituted a
substantial part of the total weight of all recyclable materials collected.
Semac’s representatives contended that newspapers did not enter the waste
stream and hence did not constitute waste. It was Semac’s opinion that
residents preferred to sell their old newspapers to _karang gunis_.

34 Daron Liew, who happened to be in the adjoining room, came by and told
Semac’s representatives that the issue had already been agreed to by Semac in
the agreements. This explanation was grudgingly accepted by Semac’s
representatives. In the event, the recycling programme for Clementi was
eventually rolled out on 23 April 2001 for the landed units and on 2 May 2001
for the HDB units, as planned.

35 In connection with the planning of operations for the Remaining sectors, on
9 March 2001, Transnational sent a letter to Semac requesting the list of HDB
units, landed units, condominiums, schools and the maps and boundaries of the
sectors. Reminders were sent in April, May and June 2001. Semac did not
respond.

36 In paras 33 to 99 of her principal affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Irene
Chan purports to narrate how accommodating Transnational was in relation to
its dealings with Semac. These are too long to be repeated here and it would
suffice if I said that she claimed that Transnational was not the party in
default. She further maintained that Semac’s allegations that Transnational
had failed to comply with their obligations under the agreements were ill-
founded.

37 The evidence of Ng, the financial manager of Transnational, was in relation
to the amount Transnational would have been entitled to claim had the five
recycling agreements continued for their entire duration. A few aspects of her
evidence require highlighting. According to her, the participation rates by
the households in the recycling programme was 20% in five sectors but this
would rise to 50% by January 2004. In relation to the collected bag weight of
recyclable materials, the current weight of 4kg would rise to 5kg by July
2005. Also in relation to composite sales price of recyclable materials, she
opined that the current price which is $221.40 would rise to $250 by July 2002
per metric tonne. A summary of her assumptions and the basis of her
computation of Transnational’s claim appears at page 24 of her affidavit of
evidence-in-chief in respect of the 2001 action. Based on those assumptions,
her views as expressed in paras 18 and 19 of her affidavit of evidence in
chief in the 2001 action were as follows:

18\. Had the Recycling Agreements been performed by the Plaintiffs for the
Remaining Sectors, the Plaintiffs would be entitled to the following amounts:

Net profit from sales of materials: S$2,891,935

Contribution from avoided Disposal S$5,869,491

Total: S$8,761,426

19\. Had the Recycling Agreements been performed by the Plaintiffs for the
Other Sectors, the Plaintiffs would be entitled to the following amounts:

Net profit from sales of materials: S$1,221,116

Contribution from avoided Disposal: S$1,904,218

Total: S$3,125,334

38 Mr John Nolan’s expert opinion based on the figures given in the affidavit
of Ng, insofar as is material, is best stated in his own words. The relevant
segments of his opinion as appears in paras 6 and 7 of his report are as
follows:

**6 Assessment of Assumptions**

In the calculation of the claim as presented in Section 4, several assumptions
have been used to model the expected material yields and values during the
disputed period. These assumptions are as follows:

Participation Rate – increasing from 20% to 50% over the contract periods.

Average Bag Weights – increasing from 4kg to 5kg over the contract periods.

Composite Price of Materials (based on Average Mix of Materials) – increasing
from a base of $211.70/t in July 2001 through to a projected $250/t.

These assumptions are outlined and assessed below. Factors considered to be
constant include:

Household numbers in the designated areas; and

The 80% contribution rate of the avoided waste disposal costs per tonne of
material collected.

**6.1 Participation Rates**

In the data projections, initial participation rates are based on the
historical data of participation rates recorded for the Clementi and City
Sectors. In the projections it has been assumed that householder participation
would have continued to increase in these two sectors, and that the remaining
three sectors would have shown very similar participation patterns.

In addition, if Transnational Recycling Industries were the sole collector in
these areas under the amended legislation which comes into effect on 1 October
2002 (refer to Section 6.4, b), the recorded participation rates would
increase, as householders would not be utilising other collection services in
the designated areas.

A conservative estimate of the participation rates for fortnightly recycling
collection systems in Australia is 80% (Nolan-ITU, 2000). With continued
education and service provision, therefore, Nolan-ITU considers the projected
participation rate upper limit of 50% to be achievable and conservative within
the contract time periods.

**6.2 Average Bag Weights**

During the active contract period in the Clementi and City Sectors, average
bag weights were recorded, and in both areas it has been demonstrated to
Nolan-ITU that the bag weights have averaged between 4.88kg and 5.15kg per
bag.

Studies carried out by Nolan-ITU in Victoria, Australia have demonstrated that
weekly bag collection systems resulted in an average of 3.01kg per household
per week (averaged across all participating and non-participating households)
(Nolan-ITU, 1998). With a fortnightly system which also includes additional
materials that are not collected in Australia, this yield would be expected to
be higher. Therefore the initial projected mass of 4kg per bag utilised in the
calculation of the claim is considered to be conservative. The subsequent
increase from this conservative starting point up to 5kg per bag at the end of
the contract period is also therefore conservative.

From the historical data and the commitment of Transnational Recycling
Industries to on-going education programs, it would be expected that the
actual average bag weights may have exceeded these projected weights. In
addition, it would be expected that with increasing waste generation rates
(average of 3.03% per year, Ministry of Environment 2000) that the generation
of recyclables would also increase, leading to a further increase in bag
weights over the contract period.

**6.3 Composite Price of Sorted Materials**

Transnational Recycling have recorded data on the tonnes of materials
collected during the active contract period and the sale price from these
materials. Nolan-ITU has worked through in detail the modelling and projection
of the composite price of materials. The Nolan-ITU calculated composite price
based on historical material compositions and historical market prices for the
period August 1999 to August 2002 for the respective materials is S$258/t. No
attempt has been made to index this figure according to CPI increases or other
inflationary indicators. Therefore, the composite material price utilised in
calculating the claim is considered to be conservative.

**6\. Other Factors Considered**

Nolan-ITU have also considered the following factors in the assessment and
verification of the claims.

**a) Householder Education**

In the projections of increasing participation rates and yields, an assumption
has been made that on-going and effective education of householders as to
materials designated for collection and collection dates would continue
throughout the contract period. This would be backed by education and
promotion from the Ministry of the Environment through the National Recycling
Programme, the ‘Clean and Green Week’ program and environmental education
programs as outlined in the Green Plan 2012.

This is considered a fair and reasonable assumption, as the commitment to
education from Transnational Recycling Industries was carried out during the
active life of the contracts in the Clementi and City sectors. The
implementation of commitments of government as outlined in the Green Plan 2012
to broad education is also considered a fair and reasonable assumption.

It is the opinion of the independent consultants, that the education programs,
bag labelling and promotion could be improved in Singapore, and would result
in even higher participation and yields. The projections of increased
participation and bag weights based on the above assumptions are therefore
thought to be conservative compared to the potential if education methods were
improved.

**b) Effect of the Amended Legislation**

It is understood by Nolan-ITU that currently several recycling collectors can
be operating in one collection area, in addition to ‘rag and bone’ men who
also collect materials from householders and in some cases from recycling bags
which have been set out for collection. This situation would be expected to
reduce the recorded participation rate by a single collector (as some
householders may be utilising a different collection system) and reduce the
average bag weight collected due to pilfering.

Nolan-ITU understands that on 1 October 2002, the _Environmental Public Health
(General Waste Collection) (Amendment) Regulations 2002_ will come into
operation. Under this new legislation, permits must be obtained to collect
recyclables from any premises, and only one permit will be issued for each
collection area. It would be expected that with the introduction and
enforcement of this regulation the recorded participation rates would increase
for the licensee, as residents would not be utilising other collection systems
and bags in those areas.

The modelled projections of increased participation are therefore considered
reasonable and conservative in the light of the potential effect of the
implementation of the _Environmental Public Health (General Waste Collection)
(Amendment) Regulations 2002_.

**c) Direct Operational Costs**

Nolan-ITU understands that Transnational Recycling Industries have actual
operational costs incorporated into their claim. Nolan-ITU feels that it is
not in a position to assess and verify Transnational Recycling Industries’
operational cost structure, as it has no direct experience with their specific
recycling collection, transport and sorting operations. Therefore, Nolan-ITU
expresses no opinion in regard to the direct operational costs utilised in
calculating the claim.

**7 Conclusions**

Nolan-ITU have independently checked, verified and assessed the assumptions
made in the modelling and projections of the expected outcomes of the five
terminated contracts if they had each been continued to the end of the
contract period.

From this assessment and verification, the following conclusions have been
reached by Nolan-ITU:

The projected participation rated utilised in the calculation of the claims
are considered to be reasonable and conservative;

The projected average bag weights utilised in the calculation of the claim are
considered to be achievable.

The projected composite price range of materials utilised in the calculation
of the claim is considered to be reasonable and conservative.

39 So much for the evidence presented on behalf of Transnational. The aspects
which emerged in cross-examination would be referred to if warranted at the
appropriate stage.

**_Evidence – Semac_**

40 For Semac there were five witnesses. They were Ms Yee Pui Phing (‘Ms Yee’),
their in-house legal counsel, Mr Wong Kan Por (‘Wong Kan Por’) their general
manager and executive vice president, Mr Toh Hean Siong (‘Toh’), their former
operations manager, Mr Jack Chuang (‘Jack Chuang’), the chief operating
officer of SembWaste and Mr Rick Reidinger (‘Reidinger’), the deputy managing
director of an environmental consulting firm in Singapore known as
Environmental Resources Management (S) Pte Ltd, Semac’s expert witness.

41 Ms Yee’s evidence can be summarised as follows.

42 She was the person who drafted all the recycling agreements with input from
Daron Liew and Kelly Landrum. She outlined how Semac came to be awarded the
tenders for the Existing and Remaining sectors. She said that sometime in the
year 2000, ENV introduced a recycling component and as a result the public
waste collectors that included Semac were required to team up with a
registered recycler to provide recycling services to the residents in the
relevant sectors. ENV’s policy was to promote household recycling on a nation-
wide basis. According to her, the co-operation between the public waste
disposal company and the registered recycler was premised upon the following
principle: the more recyclable materials removed from the waste stream, the
less dumping/waste disposal fees incurred by the waste disposal companies. The
waste disposal companies will thus be able to share their cost savings with
the registered recycler. As such, it became a condition of public waste
disposal tenders that the tenderer enter into a contract with a registered
recycler.

43 Dealing with the Non-exclusivity clause (cl 7.3), she said that it was one
of the standard clauses which ENV required the public waste collectors to
incorporate into the contracts with the registered recyclers. This requirement
was one of the tender conditions imposed by ENV. Consequently, when Daron Liew
made a request to her sometime in August 2000 for a change to cl 7.3 and
wanted Transnational to be appointed as the exclusive recycler, she did not
agree to it. She explained to Daron Liew that it was not Semac’s policy to
grant exclusivity and that in any case, it was an ENV requirement and
therefore non-negotiable. She also informed Daron Liew that as long as
Transnational was rendering its services satisfactorily, there could be no
reason for Semac to appoint another recycler. Daron Liew accepted her
explanation. The agreements were then signed.

44 In this connection, she also referred to Kelly Landrum’s e-mail dated 25
August 2000 addressed to Daron Liew which stated: “The contract states that
the Recycler will not have exclusive right to collect recyclable materials,
however, we currently have a strong preference towards not using more than one
Recycler for the sector”. Daron Liew neither challenged nor disputed what was
stated in the said e-mail. Miss Yee added that Kelly Landrum resigned his
consultancy with Semac on 23 July 2001 and left Singapore on 2 September 2001.
He is now living in the United States of America.

45 According to Miss Yee, not long after Transnational commenced its recycling
operations in the Clementi sector, Semac received negative feedbacks on
Transnational’s recycling programme. There were many complaints and
Transnational’s poor conduct of the recycling programme was hurting Semac’s
reputation. As a result, steps needed to be taken to resolve or mitigate the
problem. Consequently, Semac’s management discussed the matter internally and
considered exercising its rights under cl 7.3 to appoint another company to
work in the Remaining sectors. Semac took the decision to appoint an
additional recycler in the Remaining sectors, but did not do the same for the
Existing sectors where the recycling services had already commenced. The
reason was that by 11 June 2001, Transnational had implemented its programme
in the Existing sectors. Semac felt that the introduction of another recycler
at short notice would have confused the residents in the sectors. Given that
Transnational had just commenced its recycling services in the Existing
sectors, Semac considered it was best not to disrupt the status quo for the
time being.

46 On 11 June 2001, there was a meeting at Semac’s premises between parties.
The purpose of the meeting was to inform Transnational about its breaches and
Semac’s intention to appoint another recycler to work concurrently with
Transnational. At the commencement of the meeting, Miss Yee and Wong Kan Por
reiterated Semac’s concern over the collection of old newspapers, in the
context of recent publicity about how the recycling programme underway was
depriving the _karang gunis_ of their livelihood. Daron Liew remarked that
_karang gunis_ would go out of business very soon. Miss Yee expressed her
concern that in that event, the newspapers would go into the waste stream
collected by Semac.

47 In para 59 of her affidavit of evidence-in-chief, Ms Yee said:

59\. Semac referred to the various breaches by TRI [Transnational] including:-

(a) TRI’s persistent refusal/failure to place 2 recycling bags instead of one
bag per household, and to replace the recycling bag immediately upon
collection with a fresh bag, despite ENV’s requirement and Semac’s requests.
TRI would insist on distributing only 1 bag per unit, and replacing the bag
about ¾ days before the next collection date, rather than immediately upon
collection of the old bag. TRI’s excuse was that giving a replacement bag
closer to the next collection date would serve as a reminder to residents.
Semac did not agree. As the collection date was already printed on each bag,
no further reminder should be necessary. Also, not replacing the bag
immediately in fact meant a lesser amount of recyclable materials that could
have left the waste stream. Unlike newspapers which could be neatly stacked in
a corner, other recyclable materials (such as glass, plastic, metal
containers, soft toys) would be more readily stored (and taken out of the
waste stream) if deep recycling bags were made available to residents at all
times. Hence, the requirement for 2 deep recycling bags to be immediately
replaced upon collection;

(b) TRI’s persistent refusal/failure to collect glass and plastic, despite
ENV’s requirement and Semac’s requests. At the meeting on 11 June 2001, Mr
Liew again told us that TRI would collect glass and plastic, but this was not
borne out by subsequent conduct;

(c) TRI’s persistent refusal/failure to submit its returns (together with
supporting documents) on time, as well its refusal/failure to submit complete
returns, despite ENV’s requirement and Semac’s requests. TRI was often late in
submitting its daily reports/weekly returns to Semac, compiling its daily
reports showing the collection data, and the breakdown of recyclable materials
brought in by the collection trucks, and the net weight of the materials once
sorted. The details were also not complete, and Semac had to constantly chase
TRI for the missing information; and

(d) TRI’s refusal/failure to provide a carton box, despite ENV’s requirement
and Semac’s requests.

48 When Semac informed Transnational that another recycler would be appointed
and it would let Transnational have the demarcation boundaries shortly, Daron
Liew remarked that the recycling agreements were exclusive. Miss Yee disagreed
at once and reminded him that cl 7.3 was a standard condition imposed by ENV.
Daron Liew’s response was that he would seek legal advice on it and in the
meantime, he would reserve his rights. Commenting on an alleged notes of the
said meeting produced by Transnational, Miss Yee said that those minutes were
contrived. She then outlined how the rift widened between the parties and the
exchange of letters in relation to the matter.

49 In the result, on 13 November 2001, in view of Transnational’s persistently
unsatisfactory performance as the appointed recycler, Semac sought consent
from ENV – as required under cl 5.1 (a) of the agreement between the parties –
to terminate the recycling agreement for the Existing sectors. By its letter
dated 4 March 2002, ENV consented to the termination of the agreements for the
Existing sectors. By its letter dated 12 March 2002, Semac terminated the
agreements for the Existing sectors (see para 12 herein for Semac’s letter
dated 12 March 2002 and the reply dated 19 March 2002 from Transnational).

50 As regards the Remaining sectors, Ms Yee averred that about four months
after Semac had sent its letter dated 11 June 2001 to Transnational, stating
that Semac would be engaging another recycling company to carry out the
recycling activities in the Remaining sectors, Transnational wrote to Semac on
9 October 2001, alleging that Semac had repudiated the recycling agreements
for the Remaining sectors. The said letter purported to accept Semac’s alleged
repudiation, thereby terminating the recycling agreements for the Remaining
sectors. According to Ms Yee, as far as she was aware, no consent from ENV was
sought by Transnational for the purported termination. She then dealt with the
invoices rendered by Transnational for the Existing sectors. She said that
Semac was not provided with satisfactory supporting documents for the said
invoices. She denied that Semac was unreasonable in this regard. In any event,
Semac had paid the full amount claimed by Transnational by 14 May 2002.

51 She maintained that Transnational’s present claims were without basis.
Touching upon the counterclaim of Semac, she said that Semac had been
incurring huge losses as a result of Transnational’s breaches which would be
dealt with by her colleague Wong Kan Por.

52 Wong Kan Por’s evidence was in many respects a repeat of what Ms Yee said
in her testimony. After narrating the background of the tender exercise and
the eventual signing of the agreements between Transnational and Semac, he
also averred that shortly after Transnational commenced operations in the
Clementi sector, Semac received negative feedback on Transnational’s recycling
programme. There were many complaints and instances of non-compliance as well
as lack of co-operation on the part of Transnational in relation to ENV’s
requirements and Semac’s requests. He said that these would be detailed by his
colleague Toh. He felt that Transnational might have over-extended itself and
lacked the resources to provide proper recycling services under the
agreements.

53 Wong Kan Por further claimed that in or around April 2001, Semac voiced its
concern that the bulk of the collections should not consist of old newspapers
known to Transnational. If it was, then according to him, it would be contrary
to the spirit of the recycling agreements. This was because _karang gunis_
traditionally collected old newspapers from household for resale, which meant
that these newspapers would not end up in the waste stream, for which Semac
had to pay dumping fees. Thus, if the bulk of the recyclable materials
collected by Transnational consisted of newspapers, Transnational would in
effect be doing the same job as the _karang gunis_ and this would not confer
any added benefit to Semac in terms of the waste disposal fees Semac would
have to incur. Transnational would also be charging Semac fees, based on
actual tonnage of newspapers collected, without any corresponding real cost
savings for Semac.

54 He then narrated what transpired at the meeting held on 11 June 2001. His
recounting of the events at that meeting, particulars of breaches by
Transnational, and the events which led up to the termination of the
agreements were no different to that of Ms Yee.

55 Dealing with Semac’s counterclaim, Wong declared that Semac had not made a
single cent as a result of terminating Transnational contracts for the
Existing sectors or by the appointment of an additional recycler in the
Remaining sectors. According to him, Semac had been, and continued to be,
worse off financially consequent to the breaches by Transnational. He then
chronicled how Semac came to buy over a shelf company, renamed it Semac
Recycling Pte Ltd (‘Semac Recycling’), and later SembVisy Recycling Pte Ltd
(‘SembVisy’).

56 Further, according to him, Semac had been incurring and would continue for
the remainder of the 5-year term to incur losses. He then provided the details
(paras 99 to 118 of his affidavit in chief) which need not be reproduced here.
In essence, he asserted that Semac suffered loss as a consequence of breaches
by Transnational and that the revenue generated from the sale of recyclables
is far from sufficient to cover the operating recycling services in Singapore.

57 Jack Chuang’s evidence, insofar as was material, could be recapitulated as
follows.

58 He was present at a lunch meeting between the parties held on 26 July 2001.
The purpose of the meeting was primarily for Wong Kan Por to introduce Daron
Liew to him and for him to have a better understanding of Transnational’s
position and how both parties could work together amicably. Having been
briefed of the reported breaches by Transnational by his colleagues, he
briefly spoke about Transnational’s breaches in the Existing sectors, such as
why Transnational refused to collect everything and why they did not cover all
areas. He told Daron Liew that in view of the breaches by Transnational, Semac
had appointed another recycler to cover part of the Remaining sectors. Daron
Liew did not deny the breaches but maintained that the Recycling Agreements
were exclusive. Jack Chuang and Wong Kan Por, who were present at the meeting,
did not agree.

59 He averred that the purported notes of the meeting held on 26 July 2001,
produced by Transnational during discovery, were contrived or fabricated. He
claimed that he never said at that meeting that the recycling agreement was
“an unfair agreement” or that Semac was unable to “work with the agreement”.
As far as he was concerned, the meeting was cordial and since no agreement or
understanding could be reached between the parties, the meeting ended without
any resolution as to how the parties could continue to work together for the
Remaining sectors.

60 Toh’s evidence, insofar as is material, is as follows.

61 Semac entered into five contracts with Transnational under which the latter
was required to provide recycling services in five sectors. Around late April
or early May 2001, Transnational commenced recycling services for the Clementi
sector. In June 2001, they commenced recycling services for the City sector.
It was also obliged to provide recycling services for the Remaining sectors, 1
July 2001 for one part and 1 August 2001 for the other. However, it failed to
do so.

62 On 23 March 2001, he and one of his colleagues attended a meeting with ENV
at their request. At that meeting, one of the items discussed concerned the
recycling programme. ENV wanted certain features to be incorporated in the
programme such as the distribution of a cardboard box to each household for
the storage of newspapers. ENV also informed Semac at this meeting that some
private estates in the Clementi sector already had ongoing recycling
programmes run by the Association for Educationally Sub-normal Children
(‘ASPN’) and in the execution of the recycling arrangements with
Transnational, Semac should leave those areas alone so that the ASPN recycling
programme would not be disrupted.

63 The requirement of ENV for the provision of a cardboard box was conveyed to
Cheah of Transnational on 26 March 2001 but the reply from Cheah was that
supply of such an item would add to the cost of the operations and expressed
their unwillingness to accede to that requirement.

64 His first meeting with Transnational was sometime in early April 2001.
Other very senior management personnel from Semac were also present at that
meeting. At that meeting Transnational was told that the recycling bags to be
distributed to the households were to be green in colour with Semac’s logo on
them. Transnational replied that it would not be able to comply with that
requirement because it had ongoing recycling programmes with some community
development councils (‘CDCs’) and they could not change the colours of the
bags which the CDCs had already selected.

65 Transnational’s performance for the Existing sectors was found to be
unsatisfactory from the outset. There were several breaches of obligations of
the recycling agreements by Transnational. Apart from negative feedback from
members of the public, there was also a lack of co-operation by Transnational
with Semac. Particulars of the breaches, instances of non co-operation and
instances of negative feedback from members of the public were detailed by him
in paras 46 to 135 of his affidavit in chief.

66 The breaches highlighted were in relation to non-compliance with ENV code
of practice (paras 48 to 53), non-collection of glass and plastic in breach of
the provisions of the recycling agreements (paras 54 to 66), failure to
replace recycling bags on dates of collection (paras 67 to 71), failure to
provide a carton to each household to hold two recycling bags (paras 72 to
75), failure to compile returns (paras 76 to 83), failure to collect
recyclable materials from all public housing units within the respective
sectors (paras 84 to 89), failure to ensure that all collected recycling bags
were placed in metal cage trolleys before being loaded onto the collection
trucks to be transported to the sorting and processing centre (paras 90 to
93), failure to ensure that all recyclable materials were collected in plastic
bags of the colour and design assigned to each sector (paras 94 to 100),
failure to prepare a daily report showing the total net weight of recyclable
materials brought in by collection trucks and net weight of the different
recyclable materials sorted for each respective program and produce such
reports to Semac upon request (paras 101 to 105), negative feedback from the
public about Transnational’s omission (paras 106 to 122), and lack of co-
operation with Semac (paras 123 to 135).

67 In the event, Toh provided Semac’s management with information on
Transnational’s breaches and Semac decided to appoint an additional recycling
company to handle recycling operations in the Remaining sectors concurrently
with Transnational. Notification of Semac’s intention to appoint an additional
recycler was sent to Transnational on 11 June 2001.

68 The result was that Transnational refused to perform its obligations in the
Remaining sectors. In those sectors, Transnational only carried out recycling
operations for the CDCs. Semac thus had to appoint its contractor to provide
recycling services in the affected Remaining sectors.

69 According to him, it was clear that in respect of Transnational’s operation
of the recycling programs in the Existing sectors, it had been uncooperative
and had failed to comply with the terms of the recycling agreements. Further,
Transnational refused to perform their obligations under the agreements for
the Remaining sectors.

70 Reidinger, the expert witness for the defendants, said in his report
(Contractual Disputes for Recycling Contracts: Independent Assessment of
Claims) that many an assumption found in the report of the plaintiffs’ expert
had little basis. Reidinger affirmed two affidavits, one in respect of the
2001 action and the other in respect of the 2002 action. Insofar as is
material, the following segments of Reidinger’s views bear reproduction - the
abbreviation “TRI” in his report stands for Transnational; “ERM” stands for
Reidinger’s company, Environmental Resources Management (S) Pte Ltd; and “PWC”
stands for public waste collector.

**3.1 Revenue And Profit Assumptions**

ERM concludes that it is appropriate to make certain revisions to the
assumptions used by TRI, based on the recycling situation in Singapore. As
explained, TRI’s analysis has not factored in the lack of government recycling
regulations, nor has it accounted for several special factors unique to
Singapore such as the Karang Guni men or the relatively low level of awareness
and interest among the population, which would not increase significantly
during the periods of the contract.

ERM also considers it unlikely that the TRI’s recycling activities would be a
profitable business based on sales of recyclable materials alone, contrary to
what Ng’s affidavit suggests. It is important to distinguish between informal
recycling schemes and formal recycling schemes. Within an informal system,
individuals (generally poor) move around and selectively collect high value
materials using minimal equipment and entailing no cost overheads. Sale of
recyclable materials provide them with a basic income. In contrast, formal
recycling schemes are generally carried out by companies or the government (as
under the National Recycling Program), a wide range of (often low value)
materials are collected, and significant technology is employed to high
standards.

World-wide, such formal domestic recycling systems are almost never profitable
on the basis of materials sales revenue _alone_ , which is why government
intervention is required. This is also likely to be the reason why there was
no significant formal domestic recycling in Singapore prior to the
introduction of the ENV requirements within the PWC contracts. If it were
profitable, the private sector would have already been doing it. Domestic
recycling schemes are, however, often economically viable based on averted
waste disposal cost, especially in areas with high disposal costs (such as via
incineration).

Specific recommendations for revising the assumptions and TRI spreadsheet are
presented in Table 3.1a.

In summary, ERM concludes that:

Overall maximum participation rates should be reduced to 35% (from TRI’s
projection of maximum participation at 50%);

Bag weights are more likely to remain constant (at 4 kg, which is the base bag
weight utilised by TRI), but with a provision for wastage in recyclable
materials per bag included, this weight drops down to an average of 3.4 kg;
and

Composite prices may be overstated, but as stated in this report, the data
provided does not allow a firm conclusion as to how much.

ERM’s explanation of the rationale for revised assumptions is provided in
Table 3.1a.

**3.2 Cost Assumptions**

ERM has also reviewed the cost data provided for the recycling service, which
was not assessed by the Nolan ITU report. Nolan ITU qualifies this non-
assessment on the basis that it has no direct experience on TRI’s recycling
operations.

However, without any input on TRI’s operational cost structure, ERM views that
TRI’s claim cannot be completely justified. In this respect, based on ERM’s
opinion of recycling operations in Singapore, ERM is of the opinion that a
number of costs necessary for the successful completion of a domestic
recycling have been omitted (such as capital costs and overhead costs), while
others have been understated. Therefore, ERM have suggested alternative cost
assumptions, which are presented, along with justification, in Table 3.1a.

**3.2 Implication For The Analysis**

A copy of the TRI spreadsheet has been developed in order to assess the impact
of the revised revenue and cost assumptions. This spreadsheet is attached in
Annex A of this document.

Using ERM’s revised assumptions, TRI’s claim would be the following:

**_Remaining Sectors Claim_**

_Remaining_ |  |  _TRI’s Claim_ |  _ERM’s Projections_  
---|---|---|---  
Sales of material |  |  14,533,856 |  6,427,984  
Total cost of operation |  |  11,641,921* |  9,046,250  
Profit/(Loss) |  (a) |  2,891,935 |  (2,618,266)  
Subsidy from SEMAC |  (b) |  5,869,491 |  2,866,430  
Total Claim |  (a) + (b) |  8,761,426 |  248,164  
  
**_Other Sectors Claim_**

_Others_ |  |  _TRI’s Claim_ |  _ERM’s Projections_  
---|---|---|---  
Sales of material |  |  4,681,762 |  1,989,470  
Total cost of operation |  |  3,460,646* |  2,691,812  
Profit/(Loss) |  (a) |  1,221,116 |  (702,342)  
Subsidy from SEMAC |  (b) |  1,904,218 |  907,921  
Total Claim |  (a) + (b) |  3,125,334 |  205,579  
  
* ERM noted errors in TRI’s original cost calculations which resulted in TRI overstating their operational costs. This conversely resulted in a lower claim against SEMAC than should have been the case. These have been rectified in the spreadsheets in Annex A.

**3.6 Final Conclusion**

Applying costs and revenue assumptions that in ERM’s expert judgement are more
reasonable in the Singapore situation, it would appear that TRI would expect
to make a substantially lower profit than as forecast in Ng’s Affidavit.

According the this revised calculation, the total maximum potential liability
to SEMAC for all five sectors combined is $453,743.00, subject to the
qualifications as stated below.

ERM notes the following qualifications to this report:

1\. In arriving at his conclusion, ERM has also taken TRI’s composite sales
price at face value and, for the reasons stated at S/N.5 and 21 above, ERM has
not been able to verify the same with independent data or otherwise. If such
composite sales price is not justified, it would further reduce the total
claim figure.

2\. Education costs have not been factored into the cost assumptions, for
arriving at $400K.

3\. It is noted that the cost of sorting is based on the capacity of the
sorting system. However, as noted in Ng’s affidavit, the system will never
reach capacity. This being the case, it would also be more valid to base the
cost of sorting on actual throughput, which would result in a higher cost of
sorting per tonne. This has not been done in this case (i.e., capacity is
still used as the basis); however, were actual throughput used as the basis,
it would further reduce the claim.

ERM is of the view that such qualifications could reduce the overall claim of
TRI into the negative, resulting in TRI making a loss in the provision of
recycling services under the contracts, had TRI performed the contracts for
the agreed period.

**_Issues, arguments and conclusions_**

71 Lengthy arguments were presented by counsel for the defendants and
plaintiffs at the end of the case. In my view, the broad issues to be
determined in the two actions before me are these:

(a) Have the recycling agreements entered into between the parties been
breached?

(b) Have the said agreements been terminated properly?

(c) Has damage been suffered by either party?

72 In this regard, there are, inevitably, several sub-issues and they will be
dealt with by me as they arise.

73 Now dealing first with the 2002 action concerning the Existing sectors, the
first question that requires addressing is whether Transnational did carry out
recycling services in accordance with the agreements. The second question is
whether Semac was in breach of the notice provisions of the said agreements.

74 In regard to the first question, Semac’s averments concerning breaches on
the part of Transnational (para 3 of the defence) appear to receive a somewhat
indifferent response from Transnational. Apart from a general averment (para 8
of the statement of claim) that Transnational did carry out the recycling
services in accordance with the agreements, there appears to be no specific
denial of the said breaches. Even the evidence tendered on behalf of
Transantional seemed to be ambivalent. The evidence of Irene Chan in her
affidavit of evidence in-chief as well as in cross-examination tended in some
important respects to weaken the claims of Transnational that it abided by the
terms of the agreements. For example, as respects glass and plastics, a matter
of concern raised by Semac, she conceded that they were recyclable materials,
yet they were admittedly not collected by Transnational (pages 98 to 99 of the
NE). There was also a tacit admission that Transnational did not comply with
the ENV requirements as conveyed to it by Semac.

75 Also, the evidence of Daron Liew (pages 54 to 56 of the NE) that
Transnational was not obliged to meet Semac's’ request since Semac had
reportedly decided not to proceed with the contract was not very helpful to
Transnational. In this regard, Semac’s letter dated 13 June 2001 (page 31 of
Semac’s core bundle) where Semac had put Transnational on notice that the
latter had failed to comply with certain requirements from ENV and requesting
Transnational to comply with a few other aspects did not seem to have stirred
Transnational at all into action. Surprisingly, there was also no reply
challenging the said letter from Semac. In my determination, the matters
complained of by Semac, most of them, if not all, were material aspects which
seem to fall within the scope of duties under the recycling agreements and
Transnational’s obvious indifference or inaction to address the said issues at
the relevant time, rendered them open to a legitimate complaint that it was
not intent on abiding by the terms of the recycling agreements in relation to
the Existing Sectors. Take glass and plastics for example, if they are, as
conceded by Irene Chan, recyclable materials, under the definition clause of
the agreements, then failure to collect them constitutes a clear breach of the
agreements. Moreover, Irene Chan also conceded during cross-examination that
Transnational failed to comply with ENV directions which Semac had informed
Transnational by its letter dated 25 June 2001. In my finding, Semac, on
balance, has satisfied the court that the breaches listed by it were within
the scope of the recycling agreements and that Transnational, by its inaction
or unwillingness to perform then, was in clear breach of its obligations under
the agreements.

76 Little wonder, in my view, that ENV appeared to have given its ‘go-ahead’
for the termination of the agreements.

77 Counsel for Transnational contended that Semac had not made out its case
that Transnational committed the breaches complained of in Semac’s letter
dated 25 June 2001 (page 33 of Semac’s core bundle). However, in reviewing the
evidence of both Ms Yee and Toh , I am not persuaded by the arguments advanced
by Transnational’s counsel. In my finding, there were several breaches by
Transnational and Semac had indeed, on balance, established that Transnational
had failed to abide by the terms of the agreements.

78 The court’s consideration moves next to whether the breaches complained of
are material breaches and whether Semac had fallen foul of cl 5.1 (a) of the
agreement which provides that:

_Breach_

Subject to the consent of the Commissioner of Public Health, and without
prejudice to any other rights or remedies which the Parties may have one
against the other, this Agreement may be terminated by either Semac or the
Registered Recycler for breach of any terms and conditions of this Agreement
if the breach which is capable of remedy is not remedied within 30 days after
service of a written notice thereof.

79 By its pleadings and arguments in court, Transnational maintained that the
breaches ascribed to it were not material and, in any event, that written
notice in compliance with cl 5.1 (a) of the agreements was never given to
Transnational; the requirements under the said clause were conditions
precedent; and that Semac had not fulfilled them.

80 In my analysis, the plain reading of the said clause imports the
construction that, subject to the other conditions stipulated in the said
section, either party could terminate the agreement for breach of any terms or
conditions. The clause which is agreed to between the parties does not say
that the breach has to be a material breach. Be that as it may, I am persuaded
in the face of the evidence adduced at the trial that the breaches complained
of are not only material but they could also be rightly classified as
persistent breaches.

81 The next question: Had Semac fallen foul of the said clause by allegedly
not giving Transnational the requisite notice contemplated in the clause
referred to?

82 I take the view that the submission by the counsel for Transnational that
Semac had not fulfilled the notice requirement under the clause adverted to is
not well made out. The chronology submitted to the court and the exchange of
correspondence referred to therein present a picture that Semac had been
asking Transnational to carry out certain matters under the agreements over a
period of time. But admittedly, the matters required were not done by
Transnational for reasons they give presently. However, the fact remains that
there were demands and repeat of the said demands, but these demands were not
met and there was and is no indication that Transnational was in fact willing
to or would have carried out those matters asked of them by Semac.

83 Another noticeable aspect in this case is that there is curiously no
specific averment by Transnational that the matters complained of by Semac
were or would have been carried out by them. Daron Liew himself agreed that
the matters complained of were not remedied within 30 days of Semac’s letter
dated 25 June 2001. His position was that Transnational did not have to do
that (page 77 of the NE). Given the background, the letters dated 13 June and
25 June by Semac addressed to Transnational, viewed objectively, create the
impression that Transnational did not intend to or was not capable of putting
things right. In the premises, Semac’s communication to ENV on 13 November
2001 seeking ENV’s consent for the termination of the agreements, the
subsequent issuance of consent by ENV on 4 March 2002 and the letter of 12
March 2002 by Semac, giving notice to Transnational to terminate the recycling
agreements with effect from 15 April 2002, do not fall foul of cl 5.1 (a) of
the agreements, as has been contended by counsel for Transnational.

84 Counsel for Transnational placing reliance on **_Mannai Investment Co Ltd v
Eagle Star Life Assurance Co Ltd_** [1997] AC 749, put forward a submission
(see his opening statement as well as para 246 of his submission) that there
was no notice from Semac which made it clear that if the breaches were not
remedied within 30 days, Semac would terminate the recycling agreements.

85 In **_Mannai Investments_** , the House of Lords was concerned with the
construction of a clause contained in a lease as regards notice of
determination of the said lease. The clause concerned provided:

“The tenant may by serving not less than six months notice in writing on the
landlord or its solicitors such notice to expire on the third anniversary of
the term commencement date determine this lease and upon expiry of such notice
this lease shall cease and determine and have no further effect …”

86 The issue in that case was whether a notice served by the tenant was valid.
In deciding in favour of the tenant, their lordships by a majority held that
the construction of the notices had to be approached objectively, and the
question was how a reasonable recipient would have understood them, bearing in
mind their context. Lord Steyn in his speech (page 768 B-C, _supra_) observed
that “the real question is what evidence of surrounding circumstances may
ultimately be allowed to influence the question of interpretation”. He
commented further (p 768 G-H supra) that “[e]ven if such notices under
contractual rights reserved contain errors they may be valid if they are
“sufficiently clear and unambiguous to leave a reasonable recipient in no
reasonable doubt as to how and when they are intended to operate. …That test
postulates that the reasonable recipient is left in no doubt that the right
reserved is being exercised.”

87 In the case at the hand, the principles articulated by the majority in
**_Mannai Investments_** do not seem to assist Transnational at all. On the
contrary, in the absence of any plea that the notice was unclear or that
Transnational would have carried out the matters complained of, if given a
30-day window period, the arguments advanced on behalf of Transnational appear
to have hardly any merit. In the end, my conclusion in relation to this issue
is that the argument by Transnational that the Semac is in breach of cl 5.1(a)
of the agreement or in repudiatory breach of the agreements is entirely
misconceived. It follows then, that the so-called acceptance of the perceived
repudiation was an exercise in futility and merely illusory.

88 Having decided that the breaches complained of by Semac are, by all
measures, material and that Semac is not in contravention of the provisions of
cl 5.1 (a) of the agreement, the next issue in relation to the 2002 action
concerns the counterclaim by Semac. Suffice it, in this regard, if I made
reference to paras 57 and 58 of Semac’s counsel’s executive summary of Semac’s
submission claiming a total of $1,609,508.11 in respect of both actions. In my
view, I find little basis to award any damages to Semac in relation to the
matters complained of. The counterclaim aspect did not seem to have featured
in the correspondence between the parties and even as late as July 2002, when
Semac filed its defence, no doubt with advice from some very able counsel,
this aspect, to use an oxymoron, was glaringly absent. It appeared for the
first time on 15 October 2002, just 13 days before the commencement of the
hearing of the two actions. In any case, Semac’s declared position at the
trial had been that recycling was a losing proposition from the beginning and
if this was correct, to award damages to them in the factual matrix of the
dispute would not be right. I will deal more with the issue relating to
damages after I have addressed with the main issues concerning the 2001
action.

89 Let me now deal with the 2001 action that concerns the Remaining sectors.

90 The principal question in relation to this case is whether Semac has a
right to appoint other recyclers, as has been done by Semac, concurrently with
Transnational. At the heart of the issue is the construction to be placed on
cl 7.3 of the agreements which provides:

“Non-exclusivity: The Registered Recycler will not have exclusive rights to
collect Recyclable Materials from the Designated Premises”.

91 In relation to this issue, a segment of the submission by counsel for
Transnational bears reproduction. He argues at paras 125 to 138 of his
submission:

A. The 2001 Action

(1) The True Construction of Clause 7.3

125\. It is trite law that in order to arrive at the true interpretation of a
document, a clause must not be construed in isolation, but must be considered
in the context of the document. In short, the document must be construed as a
whole, and effect must be given to each part of the document.

[See: Lewison: The Interpretation of Contracts (1997 ed) at p 156]

126\. Clause 7.3 must be construed in the light of this principle – the
recycling agreement entered into between Semac and TRI has to be construed as
a whole.

127\. The starting point is Recital 3, which sets out the objective/purpose of
the recycling agreement:

“Semac wishes to engage the Registered Recycler and the Registered Recycler
wishes to provide Recycling Services (as hereinafter defined) if the Public
Waste Collection Tender (as hereinafter defined) is accepted by ENV.”

128\. Under Clause 1.1, it is provided that:-

(1) The term “Recycling Services” shall mean the provision of regular
Recyclable Materials collection services by the Registered Recycler to the
Designated Premises;

(2) The term “Designated Premises” shall mean all premises within the Sector
at the time of the issue of the Licence and such other premises designated by
the Commissioner of Public Health during the period of the Licence.

129\. Clauses 2.1, 2.2 and 4 of the recycling agreement are consistent with
the objective/purpose of the recycling agreement as prescribed under Recital 3
– that TRI is to provide recycling services to all premises within the Sector;
and that the recycling agreement is to last for 5 years, subject to Clause 5.
For convenience, we set out these provisions in full:

“2. Provision of Recycling Services

2.1 Recycling Services

Subject to Clause 3 [grant of Licence a condition precedent], Semac agrees to
engage and the Registered Recycler agrees to provide the Recycling Services
subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

2.2 Commencement Date

The Recycling Services will commence on the commencement date of the Licence.

4\. Period of Agreement

Subject to Clause 5, this Agreement shall come into effect on the commencement
date of the Licence and remain in force for the entire duration of the Licence
until the Licence is terminated.”

130\. Clause 5 is the termination clause.

131\. The methodology for collection of recyclable materials as provided under
Clause 7.1 is also consistent with the understanding, as outlined in
paragraphs 128 and 129 above. Clause 7.1(a) and Clause 7.1(b) provide:

“7.1 Methodology

The Registered Recycler shall be required to collect the Recyclable Materials
in the following manner:

(a) The Registered Recycler will provide the Recycling Services to all public
housing units, private condominium, private apartment and landed properties
covered under the Licence for the Sector (“Recycling Location”). The Recycling
Services will later be offered to include tertiary institutions and commercial
complexes over a period of twelve (12) months, commencing from the
Commencement Date, unless otherwise directed by ENV.

(b) The Recycling Location will be divided into twelve (12) segments.”

132\. In turn, TRI is to be paid by Semac for the recyclable materials
collected from _all_ the premises within the Sector, in accordance with Clause
6 (computed on the basis of fee per ton, multiplied by the tonnage of
recyclables collected by TRI).

133\. It must be highlighted that the methodology of collection as set out
under Clause 7.1 does not contemplate a situation whereby recycling services
would be provided by TRI, to anything less than _all_ the premises within the
Sector.

134\. It is also crucial to note that Clause 7.3 is preceded by Clause 7.2,
which provides:

“7.2 Non-interruption of Recycling Services

Subject to Clause 5, the Recycling Services provided by the Registered
Recycler must continue without lapse for the duration of the Licence.”

135\. We would at this juncture, again highlight that the term “Recycling
Services” bears the meaning as defined in Clause 1.1 (as set out in paragraph
128 above). It is therefore clear that TRI is obliged to provide recycling
services (as defined in the recycling agreement) to _all_ premises within the
Sector without lapse; and conversely, Semac is obliged not to do anything that
may interfere with TRI’s obligations.

136\. It is expressly provided that the operation of Clause 7.2 is subject to
Clause 5. Clause 7.2 is _not_ subject to Clause 7.3 – Clause 7.3 is clearly
not an exception to Clause 7.2. It must follow that Clause 7.3 must relate to
something other than the interference of TRI’s rights to provide recycling
services (which is the subject matter dealt with under Clause 7.2).

137\. Clause 7.3 merely deals with the issue of exclusivity of right to the
recyclables that may be generated by the households in the Sector. This
construction becomes obvious, when viewed against the background that:-

(1) there were a number of existing arrangements between waste recycling
contractors and CDCs and/or Charities, such as those described in Liew
1/16-20, which would co-exist with the arrangements introduced by the
Recycling Agreements into which prospective Licensees were required to enter;

(2) there was no constraint on the traditional activities of the “karang
gunis” [See _Liew_ 1/54]. The minutes of meetings between Semac and ENV
confirm this [See: B3/462C, 501D].

138\. Semac’s witnesses were aware of the factual background.

92 The submission by counsel for Semac in this connection (paras 156 to 171)
was:

**TRI’s Claims in the Remaining Sectors (the 1 st Suit)**

**a. Whether the Recycling Agreements have been breached?**

156 TRI’s claim against Semac in the 1st Suit is for “wrongful repudiation” of
the Recycling Agreements for the Remaining Sectors.

157 Sometime in June 2001, as a result of TRI’s persistent failure to co-
operate with Semac and perform its obligations under the Recycling Agreements
for the Existing Sectors, Semac decided to appoint another recycler, under
clause 7.3 of the Recycling Agreements, to work concurrently with TRI in the
Remaining Sectors. By way of letter on 11 June 2001, Semac informed TRI of
this decision.

158 The reasons for Semac’s decision were as follows:

(i) From the start of TRI’s recycling services in the Existing Sectors, TRI
had committed breaches under the Recycling Agreements. Many of these breaches
have been spelt out in the preceding paragraphs above. In his testimony in
court, Wong Kan Por summarised Semac’s unhappiness with TRI. These were
elaborated in Toh Hean Siong’s AEIC;

(ii) As a result, Semac’s standing with ENV and with the public was being
undermined. TRI’s unsatisfactory performance was not only hurting Semac’s
reputation, but was also jeopardising the smooth implementation of recycling
services in the sectors. If Semac did not take any steps to resolve or
mitigate the problem, Semac’s interests would have been damaged;

(iii) However, TRI had just commenced recycling operations in the Existing
Sectors. Hence, Semac felt that the introduction of another recycler at short
notice in the Existing Sectors would confuse the residents;

(iv) But the situation was different for the Remaining Sectors, where TRI had
not commenced its services. Semac felt it would be less problematic and more
prudent to have a clean start by appointing an additional recycler in the
Remaining Sectors where TRI had not commenced its services;

(v) Semac considered that by exercising its right under the Recycling
Agreements to appoint another recycler in the Remaining Sectors, this would
send a strong message to TRI to buck up. It became clear to Semac that TRI
might have over-extended itself and lacked the resources to provide proper
recycling services under the Recycling Agreements, as well as under its other
arrangements with the Community Development Councils (“CDCs”). Semac thought
that with the demarcation of areas between TRI and the new recycler, it would
alleviate TRI’s problems with resources.

159 TRI’s case is that Semac was not entitled under the Recycling Agreements
to appoint another recycler to work concurrently with TRI for the provision of
recycling services in the Remaining Sectors under clause 7.3. Put another way,
TRI asserts that it was entitled to exclusivity under the Recycling
Agreements. By way of TRI’s letter dated 9 October 2001, TRI claimed that
Semac was in repudiatory breach, and terminated the agreements.

160 The sole question for this Honourable Court’s determination is whether
Semac was entitled under clause 7.3 to appoint another recycler to work
concurrently with TRI in the Remaining Sectors. If the answer is yes, TRI’s
claim in the 1st Suit falls in its entirety

**i. Clause 7.3 of the Recycling Agreements – Non-exclusivity**

161 It is respectfully submitted that TRI has completely misunderstood the
entire issue of exclusivity, as the following paragraphs will show. TRI was
not entitled to exclusivity under the Recycling Agreements, and TRI knew and
knows of this. Both Kelly Landrum, Semac’s consultant at the time the
Recycling Agreements were negotiated, and Yee Pui Phing, Semac’s Senior Legal
Counsel, informed Daron Liew before the agreements were signed that TRI was
not entitled to exclusivity. Further, ENV did not endorse exclusivity under
the Recycling Agreements.

162 As TRI accepted in its evidence (below), there was no exclusivity to any
party engaged in the recycling business, and neither ENV nor anyone else could
not enforce this exclusivity. Exclusivity was simply impossible and
commercially nonsensical.

aa. TRI has misunderstood the entire issue of exclusivity

163\. Clause 7.3 of the Recycling Agreements states as follows:

**Non-exclusivity**

[TRI] will not have exclusive rights to collect Recyclable Materials from the
Designated Premises.

164 Clause 7.3 is clear. It entitled Semac the right to appoint another
recycler to work with TRI under the Recycling Agreements to collect
recyclables in the Remaining Sectors. With this clause, TRI did not enjoy
exclusivity in the Remaining Sectors, and this was not disputed by Daron Liew:

A If you look at the agreement, the agreement was a contract to provide
recycling services in the total sector in the designated premises within the
total sector. That was the basis upon which we had entered into the agreement.
That was the basis on which we had negotiated with Kelly Landrum, and I felt
that clause 7.3 was in conflict with the particular provision in the contract
– in the agreement.

Mr Singh Thank you very much. Clause 7.3 conflicted with the understanding of
exclusivity. Right? Whether that understanding came by way of an arrangement
with Kelly Landrum or your reading of the document, in your mind it
conflicted?

A It conflicted with the exclusivity of the relationship between the parties.

Q Thank you. So it follows logically that clause 7.3 allows non-exclusivity in
that relationship?

A It allows non-exclusive rights, or it stipulates non-exclusive rights to
collect recyclable materials.

165 TRI’s case is that clause 7.3 was inserted into the Recycling Agreements
on the understanding that _karang guni men_ operating in the sectors were
beyond the control of both parties.

166 With respect, TRI has completely misunderstood the issue of exclusivity.
TRI’s evidence on clause 7.3 is clearly untrue. In the course of cross-
examination, Daron Liew conceded that whether or not clause 7.3 was present in
the Recycling Agreements, TRI would have to contend with karang guni men and
non-registered recyclers anyway. At paragraph 54 of his AEIC, he accepted that
“there was no constraint on the ‘karang gunis’ operating in the sector by
either the Government/ENV or the PWCs, or for that matter, any other
party/person”.

167 With the presence of clause 7.3, Daron Liew expressly admitted that TRI
now had to contend with both _registered_ and _unregistered_ recyclers in any
given sector that TRI operated:

Q If what you say is true, Kelly Landrum also told you that it was not only
about _karang gunis_ but about any other party or person doing recycling.
Those are your words. Fourth line?

A That is right.

Q So, you knew therefore, according to you, that without clause 7.3 you still
had to contend with _karang gunis_ and any other person?

A That is correct.

Q Right? And that any other person or party can be a non-registered recycler?

A It could well be, yes.

Q And with clause 7.3 you now have to contend, in addition to the registered
recyclers, if clause 7.3 remained?

A Yes.

168 There is only one reason for the presence of clause 7.3 in the agreements.
And that was to allow Semac to appoint another recycler to work together with
TRI.

bb. E-mail of 25 August 2000 – Non-exclusivity

169 The clearest evidence that clause 7.3 did not relate to karang guni men,
but was a term that did not entitle TRI to exclusivity in the Remaining
Sectors, is an e-mail of 25 August 2000 from Kelly Landrum to Daron Liew,
where Kelly Landrum, Semac’s consultant at the time the Recycling Agreements
were concluded in late 2000, specifically informed Daron Liew:

The contract states that the Recycler will not have exclusive right to collect
recyclable materials, however, _we currently have a strong preference towards
not using more than one Recycler for the sector._ (emphasis added)

170 The contents of this e-mail is clear and unambiguous. TRI did not enjoy
exclusivity under the Recycling Agreements, and Semac was entitled to appoint
another recycler to work with TRI. Curiously, even though Daron Liew did not
agree to this e-mail (and TRI’s counsel vehemently argued that the truth of
this e-mail could not be relied upon), he did not respond to it. With respect
to his lack of a reply, he stated:

Q And you did not respond to it to say, this is not what we agreed, you have
no right to appoint another – you did not respond to this e-mail to say you
have no right to appoint another. Correct?

A Yes, I did not respond to it.

171 It is submitted there is only one logical reason why he did not respond,
and that was because he knew that TRI was not entitled to exclusivity under
the Recycling Agreements, and accepted that position.

93 As stated in **_Chitty on Contracts_** (28th edition – para 12-042), the
object of all construction of the terms of a written agreement is to discover
therefrom the intention of the parties. The authors of **_Chitty on
Contracts_** further comment (para 12-043 supra) that the cardinal presumption
is that the parties have intended what they have in fact said, so that their
words must be construed as they stand. That is to say the meaning of the
document or of a particular part of it is to be sought in the document itself.
One must consider the meaning of the words used, not what one may guess to be
the intention of the parties. However, this is not to say that the meaning of
the words in a written document must be ascertained by reference to the words
of the document alone. _In modern law, the court will, in principle, look at
all the circumstances surrounding the making of the contract which would
assist in determining how the language of the document would have been
understood by a reasonable man_ [Emphasis added].

94 The principles by which contractual documents are nowadays construed are
summarised by Lord Hoffmann in **_Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West
Bromwich Building Society_** [1998] 1 WLR 896 at pages 912 to 913; [1998] 1
All ER 98 at 114 to 115, (re-affirming what was said by Lord Wilberforce in
**_Prenn v Simmonds_** [1971] 1 WLR 1381 to 1386; (1971) 1 All ER 237 at 240
to 242 and in **_Reardon Smith Line Ltd v Hansen-Tangen, Hansen-Tangen v Sanko
Steamship Co_** [1976] 1 WLR 989; [1976] 3 All ER 570) as follows:

(1) Interpretation is the ascertainment of the meaning which the document
would convey to a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which
would reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in which
they were at the time of the contract.

(2) The background was famously referred to by Lord Wilberforce as the “matrix
of fact,” but this phrase is, if anything, an understated description of what
the background may include. Subject to the requirement that it should have
been reasonably available to the parties and to the exception to be mentioned
next, it includes absolutely anything which would have affected the way in
which the language of the document would have been understood by a reasonable
man.

(3) The law excludes from the admissible background the previous negotiations
of the parties and their declarations of subjective intent. They are
admissible only in an action for rectification. The law makes this distinction
for reasons of practical policy and, in this respect only, legal
interpretation differs from the way we would interpret utterances in ordinary
life. The boundaries of this exception are in some respects unclear. But this
is not the occasion on which to explore them.

(4) The meaning which a document (or any other utterance) would convey to a
reasonable man is not the same thing as the meaning of its words. The meaning
of words is a matter of dictionaries and grammars; the meaning of the document
is what the parties using those words against the relevant background would
reasonably have been understood to mean. The background may not merely enable
the reasonable man to choose between the possible meanings of words which are
ambiguous but even (as occasionally happens in ordinary life) to conclude that
the parties must, for whatever reason, have used the wrong words or syntax:
see _Mannai Investments Co. Ltd. v. Eagle Star Life Assurance Co. Ltd._ [1997]
A.C. 749.

(5) The “rule” that words should be given their “natural and ordinary meaning”
reflects the common sense proposition that we do not easily accept that people
have made linguistic mistakes particularly in formal documents. On the other
hand, if one would nevertheless conclude from the background that something
must have gone wrong with the language, the law does not require judges to
attribute to the parties an intention which they plainly could not have had.
Lord Diplock made this point more vigorously when he said in _Antaios Compania
Naviera S.A. v. Salen Rederierna A.B._ [1985] A.C. 191, 201:

“if detailed semantic and syntactical analysis of words in a commercial
contract is going to lead to a conclusion that flouts business commonsense, it
must be made to yield to business commonsense.”

95 From the evidence of Daron Liew, Ms Yee and others it was clear that there
was a question raised by Daron Liew in relation to this particular clause.
Daron Liew’s evidence, in substance, was that when he expressed his
unhappiness and protested over the inclusion of this non-exclusivity clause to
Kelly Landrum, he was assured by the latter that this clause was inserted at
the instance of ENV; it was intended to cover the contingency that _karang
gunis_ were not excluded from their traditional activities and that there was
no question of Semac appointing any other recycler to provide recycling
services in the said five sectors.

96 Ms Yee, however, in her testimony, contradicted Daron Liew. She said that
when Daron Liew requested of her some time in August 2000 to change the said
clause and wanted Transnational to be appointed as the exclusive recyler, she
did not agree to it and explained to him that it was not Semac’s policy to
grant exclusivity and that, in any case, it was an ENV requirement and
therefore non-negotiable. She also informed Daron Liew that as long as
Transnational was rendering its services satisfactorily, there could be no
reason for Semac to appoint another recycler. According to her, Daron Liew
accepted the position. The question now is whose version is probable.

97 Kelly Landrum, the court is told, is no longer available in Singapore to
throw any light on the actual conversation that took place between them. But
there is a contemporaneous e-mail dated 25 August 2000 addressed to Daron
Liew. The e-mail reads:

Daron Liew

Transnational Group of Companies

Daron,

You will shortly receive an email copy of the revised agreement for recycling
from Yee Pui Phing. Please contact her if any concerns remain. Otherwise I
look forward to seeing you tomorrow at 9.00 a.m. The contract states that the
Recycler will not have exclusive right to collect recyclable materials,
however, we currently have a strong preference towards not using more than one
Recycler for the sector.

Best regards

Kelly Landrum

98 The phraseology of cl 7.3 is uncomplicated and unambiguous. Anyone reading
it would immediately construe it as a contract which does not envisage or
provide for any exclusive rights to the registered recycler. Transnational now
urges the court to rule something quite against the plain and unambiguous
phraseology of the clause. But does the natural and ordinary meaning of the
clause flout business common sense? What is the background to this clause?
Recalling the events, as he sees it, Daron Liew avers that he would not have
signed the agreements but for the assurances forthcoming at the meetings by
Semac’s management. He relies especially on an alleged assurance by Kelly
Landrum. But Kelly Landrum’s e-mail does not seem to underpin Semac’s present
contentions. The last sentence in Kelly Landrum’s e-mail says no more than
this: ‘The contract says that the Recyler will not have exclusive right to
recyclable materials, however, _we currently have a strong preference towards
not using more than one recycler for the sector_ ’ [Emphasis added].

99 In my analysis, the foregoing letter does not augment the case advanced on
behalf of Transnational. Apart from the express phraseology of cl 7.3 of the
agreement, which, in my opinion, leaves scant room for any equivocation, the
e-mail of Kelly Landrum, which is a contemporaneous document, supports the
construction that Transnational has no exclusive rights under the agreements.
There was, of course, an expectation of exclusivity by Transnational but since
it was not accompanied by an expression of an unconditional commitment by
Semac, the present contention by Semac is misconceived.

100 I have already dealt with the issue relating to whether Transnational was
in breach of the recycling agreements as regards the Existing sectors. It was
Semac’s position that these breaches led them to a commercial decision to have
only a truncated arrangement with Transnational. In my view, Semac was
entitled to take the course they adopted and the provision contained in cl 7.3
did not prohibit them to have other recyclers. Consequently, my finding is
that Semac is not in breach of the agreements adverted to and it is not in
repudiation of the agreements. In the circumstances, the letter dated 9
October 2001 by Transnational addressed to Semac, conveying its reported
acceptance of what it perceived as repudiatory breaches by Semac, conveys
nothing in fact.

101 To complete the sequence, there is one other argument by Semac which
requires mention at this stage. Counsel for Semac contended that cl 5.1 (a) of
the agreement made it obligatory for either party to obtain the consent of ENV
before any notice of termination and inasmuch as Transnational did not seem to
have obtained the said consent before it took steps to terminate the
agreement, the said termination was by itself an act of repudiation. Although
the issue posed is no longer a live issue, my view on this is that cl 5.1 (a)
does not require the consent of ENV for a party to accept an act of
repudiation, if there was one at all, on the part of the other.

102 On the question of Semac’s counterclaim in relation to the 2001 action, I
repeat what I have said earlier in relation to the 2002 action. I must add,
however, that there appears to be no valid basis for Semac to mount its
counterclaim. Based on its own argument that the recycling sector is a loss
-making concern and given the open-ended non-exclusivity clause successfully
invoked by Semac before me, I am driven to conclude that there was never any
question of Transnational being required to underwrite any part of Semac’s
outgoings, in the event of Semac realigning itself with other concurrent
recyclers. Furthermore, it was not and would not have been in Semac’s
contemplation that it would be looking to Transnational for any damages if a
disengagement between them came about as a result of the appointment of other
concurrent recyclers.

103 In the end, my conclusion is that Transnational fails in its claim against
Semac and Semac fails in its counterclaim against Transnational.

104 The foregoing findings and rulings should effectively dispose of the
issues to be determined by me in both actions. However, a few observations
might perhaps be appropriate on the claim for damages by Transnational and the
computation presented.

105 In relation to the quantum of damages, Transnational relied on the
evidence of Ng as well as the opinion of John Nolan. For its part, Semac
relied on the opinion of Reidinger as well as on answers obtained by its
counsel in cross-examination. There were extensive submissions by both counsel
– see paras 282 to 515 (pages 98 to 180) of Transnational’s final submission;
and paras 89 to 155 (pages 53 to 84) as well as paras 222 to 224 (pages 130
to131) of Semac’s final submissions. I do not propose to recapitulate them
here, save for a few highlights, for they have to be read in their entirety in
order to comprehend them.

106 As I mentioned earlier, Transnational’s total claim is for a sum of
$11,886,760. Counsel for Semac submitted (see para 90 of his submission) that
even if this court were to hold that the recycling agreements have not been
validly terminated, Transnational would still not be entitled to any damages
because it has not proved its loss. Counsel then criticised John Nolan’s
report on the ground that: it was incomplete and inadequate; John Nolan lacked
the necessary expertise in the Singapore recycling industry to produce the
report; he made last minute changes to the report without providing any good
reasons for doing so; and the report lacked a critical component, namely the
costs Transnational would have incurred in providing recycling services in the
sectors. In this connection, my attention was also invited to an admission by
John Nolan (pages 123 and 125 of the NE) that he had not considered overheads
in arriving at his opinion.

107 The salient issues and the treatment accorded to them by John Nolan as
well as Reidinger are well captured in a schedule marked ‘Annex C’ to Semac’s
opening statement and it reads as follows:

**S/No** |  **Issue** |  **TRI’s expert report** |  **Semac’s expert report**  
---|---|---|---  
1 |  Participation rate to recycling program – Ng’s affidavit states that currently, 20% of households in five sectors contribute to recycling. This will rise to 50% by Jan 2004 |  Confirms Ng’s affidavit. TRI’s expert comments that 50% is a conservative figure (at p 15 of the report), and if: \- there are consistent/ regular collections; \- the programme is convenient to all residents; \- all recyclable materials are collected; \- the recycling bags provided by TRI are sufficient to contain these materials; and \- there is effective and consistent householder education, the target of 50% would be reached (pp 4 to 6 of the report). |  Semac’s expert highlights factors which were not taken into account in TRI’s expert report, including: \- the lack of proper governmental regulation in the recycling programme; \- the presence of karang guni men who compete with TRI for high-yield recyclables; \- the failure of TRI to make provision for waste in the recyclable materials collected; \- the fact that lower yield materials would be collected because there is a finite amount of high-yield collectables; \- the failure of TRI to provide for education and its costs; and \- the lack of provision for capital costs in TRI’s calculations, and the understating of TRI’s operating costs. If the above were taken into consideration, TRI’s targets would not be achievable. Semac has provided revisions to TRI’s figures based on TRI’s own financial model.  
2 |  Collected bag weight of recyclable materials – Ng’s affidavit states that the current weight is 4kg. This will rise to 5kg by July 2005. |  Confirms Ng’s affidavit. TRI’s expert comments that 5 kg is a conservative figure (at pp 15 and 16 of the report), and if: \- there are consistent/regular collections; \- the programme is convenient to all residents; \- all recyclable materials are collected; \- the recycling bags provided by TRI are sufficient to contain these materials; and \- there is effective and consistent householder education, the target of 5 kg would be reached (pp 4 to 6 of the report). |  See above comments by Semac’s expert.  
3 |  Composite Sales Price of recyclable materials – Ng’s affidavit states that the current amount is $221.40. This will rise to $250 by July 2002 |  Confirms Ng’s affidavit (pp 12 to 14 of the report). TRI’s report states that this figure is conservative (p 16 of the report) |  Semac’s expert notes that there is no evidence to support these figures, and more data is required before these figures can be verified.  
4 |  Costs of TRI’s Operations |  TRI’s expert makes no comment or opinion on this (p. 17 of the report) |  Semac’s expert states that the operation costs of TRI are grossly understated (pp 15 to 18 of the report). A number of necessary costs for the successful completion of a recycling programme has been omitted (p 11 of the report at para 3.2). This results in TRI’s claims against Semac being overstated.  
  
108 Counsel for Semac also highlighted Reidinger’s opinion (para 119 of his
submission) that on the best scenario, Transnational could possibly make a
small profit using a composite sale price of $221 per ton. This opinion,
according to counsel, was heavily qualified and based solely on
Transnational’s methodology for damages. However, Transnational had not
provided any data to justify its assumptions, especially on the composite
sales price and other additional costs.

109 Counsel for Semac also underscored an admission by Daron Liew (para 137 of
his submission) (pages 131 to 133 of the NE) that Transnational lost money
under the recycling agreements and would continue to do so unless the
participation rate of recycling in Singapore increased to 35% and beyond.
According to Daron Liew, this rate was merely a projection and would only
occur at the earliest between 18 to 24 months after the recycling agreements
had commenced. Counsel for Semac also referred me to the evidence of Ng (pages
12 and 20 of the NE) who seemed to have confirmed that, apart from the costs
which she had stated in her affidavit of evidence in chief, there were other
costs that she had not taken into account, most notably disposal costs and
educational costs which included marketing and promotional costs of recycling
(para 139 of his submission).

110 Relying on a number of reported and unreported decisions from Singapore
and elsewhere, counsel for Semac submitted that the cumulative effect of all
the decisions referred to was that Transnational, in order to succeed, must
lead clear and credible evidence to substantiate its claim for damages. This,
counsel submitted, had not been done in this case.

111 Counsel for Transnational, for his part, urged the court to view the
expert opinion of Reidinger with caution as he had previously done some work
for SembWaste (see para 348 of his submission). He argued that the recycling
agreements essentially allowed Transnational to realise two revenue streams
from the collection of recyclable materials: (a) payment based on 80% of
Semac’s savings on incineration fees ($53.60 per tonne); and (b) sales of
recyclable materials to various third party buyers. Counsel then dealt with an
overview of revenue assumptions in relation to participation rate, average bag
weights and composite value per ton. After listing the total costs as being
$15,247,994.97, he presently submitted that Transnational’s loss of profits
was $5,577,492.30.

112 Counsel for Transnational concluded his arguments by submitting (para 530
of his submission) that if the court does not accept Transnational’s
computation of damages in its totality, the court may wish to award a just sum
to be determined by the court on the basis of the recent computation by
Transnational. I will say at once that this statement is perhaps intended to
salve what appears to be an extraordinary miscalculation by Transnational.

113 Having advanced and pressed for a stupendous figure of $11,886,760 (para
282 – page 98 of Transnational’s final submission), there seems to be a sudden
drop to a suggested figure of $5,577,492.30. What has led to this precipitous
climb-down? Is it a tacit admission by Transnational that the figures and
computation provided by Ng and John Nolan could no longer be supported and
have to be read with many a qualification? Or is it because the claim figures
by Transnational have been disabused by evidence presented on behalf of Semac
and cross-examination by Semac’s counsel? Whatever the case, my conclusion is
that the evidence of Ng as well as the opinion of John Nolan seems to be
dwelling more in the realm of speculation and deficient suppositions than hard
facts. In addition, the admission by Daron Liew that he too could not see
Semac’s recycling operations to be in the black until after about 18 to 24
months from the commencement dates further leads me to deduce that the claim
by Transnational had not really been thoroughly thought over. In my
evaluation, the sudden and startling retreat to almost 50% in the claim
figures indeed casts substantial misgivings over the facts, figures, premises
and calculations presented earlier and presently by and on behalf of
Transnational. In my determination, the evidence adduced by Transanational as
to damages is wholly unsatisfactory and in this regard, I accept the criticism
and qualifications against Transnational, as contained in the report of
Reidinger and reiterated by counsel for Semac.

114 Damages, as observed by LP Thean JA in **_Kassim Syed Ali & Ors v Grace
Development Pte Ltd & Anor_** [1998] 2 SLR 393 at 403-404, are compensatory
and one cannot seek compensation _in vacuo_. Compensation must be measured
against the loss suffered. In my view, aside from my finding that Semac has
not been found to be in breach of the agreements, evidence attempted by
Transnational in relation to the quantum of damages is woefully deficient and
incomplete. Latham CJ observed in **_Luna Park (NSW) Ltd v Tramways
Advertising Pty Ltd_** (1938) 61 CLR 286 (High Court of Australia) at 301:

It is true that there are many authorities which establish that substantial
damages can be awarded where a breach of contract is established, even though
the calculation of the damages is “not only difficult but incapable of being
carried out with certainty or precision” (_Chaplin_ v. _Hicks_ (1) ): See also
other cases dealing with damages for loss of publicity, _Marbe_ v. _George
Edwardes (Daly’s Theatre) Ltd._ (2); _Herbert Clayton and Jack Waller Ltd._ v.
_Oliver_ (3); _Withers_ v. _General Theatre Corporation Ltd._ (4). In all
these cases, however, the extent of the breach was established. There was a
complete failure on one side to perform the contract. In the present case,
however, there has not been a complete, but only a partial, failure to perform
the contract. The extent of the failure is unascertained. _Thus the evidence
which the defendant was content to put before the court does not make it
possible to reach any estimate of damage suffered. I can see no reason why the
defendant should be allowed to fight the matter over again. If a party chooses
to go to trial with incomplete evidence he must abide the consequences. The
fact that his evidence might have been strengthened affords no reason for
ordering a new trial_. Thus the defendant must be content, so far as the first
and second seasons are concerned, with nominal damages. [Emphasis added.]

115 In my view, litigants should be discouraged from demanding unreal figures
and prosecuting outlandish claims for their perceived grievances. The figures
demanded by Transnational, almost right up to the end, are neither
proportionate nor substantiated by credible and acceptable evidence. They are
Olympian in proportion, but sadly without support or justification. In my
opinion, the claim for damages by Transnational is not proven by any
standards. In any case, even if Transnational were to succeed in these
actions, having regard to the evidence before the court, the amount of damages
they would have received would perhaps be $450,000, the figure – subject to
qualification - given by Reidinger. However, Transnational, as has been found
by me earlier, has not, on balance of probabilities, established its claims in
both actions.

116 Before concluding, I ought to deal with one other argument raised by
counsel for Semac. He submitted that the court should draw an adverse
inference under s 116 illustration (g) of the Evidence Act (Cap 97), against
Transnational for not calling Cheah (Cheah Bin Thong) whose name features
prominently in many of the affidavits filed on behalf of Transnational. In my
evaluation, whilst Cheah’s non-production tended to raise a question mark over
the quality of the assertions by Transnational, I am not disposed to draw any
adverse inference against Transnational, for in my view, the exchanges
attributed to Cheah do not seem to add much to either side’s cause.

117 In fine, for the reasons I have given, the claims by Transnational in both
actions fail and are hereby dismissed. Similarly, for the reasons appearing
herein, the counterclaims of Semac do also stand dismissed. Although both
parties have failed in their respective claims and counterclaims, having
considered the manner in which the claims were prosecuted and defended, I
award two-thirds of the costs to be taxed, if not agreed upon, to Semac.

_Order accordingly._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Jun 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

