Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re G (custody of an infant)  
[2003] SGHC 57

Case Number | : | OS 1094/1995  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 March 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jason Peter Dendroff (Dhillon Dendroff and Partners) for plaintiff; Jamilah Ibrahim (KC Abu Bakar and Partners) for defendant   
Parties | : | —  
  
Family Law – Custody – Access – Application to vary order on access – Relevant
considerations – Guardianship of Infants Act (Cap 122, 1985 Rev Ed) ss 5 and
11  
  

The background

1 In January 1994, the plaintiff married the defendant. A son (“the child”)
was born (prematurely) of the union on 11 July 1994. The parties were divorced
on 6 November 1996 by the Syariah Court at the defendant’s initiative and,
with the plaintiff’s consent (he had just then been released from jail), she
was awarded sole custody, care and control of the child, while access was
granted to the plaintiff every Saturday from 2.30pm to 9.00pm.

2 On 10 June 2002, the defendant applied _vide_ Summons-in-Chambers No 600986
of 2002 (the defendant’s application) for _inter alia_ , the following orders:

(a) the defendant be granted leave to vary the order of court dated 21 March
1997 (“the Order of Court”), which gave the plaintiff unsupervised access to
the child every Saturday from 2.30pm to 9.00pm;

(b) the plaintiff be denied access to the child and that an independent social
welfare officer be appointed by this Honourable Court to assess the child’s
wishes;

(c) alternatively, that the plaintiff be granted access hours from 3.30pm to
8.00pm every Saturday and that the handing over location to be at the void
deck of Block 268, Pasir Ris Street 21;

(d) that the plaintiff comply with the said order herein;

(e) that the defendant be at liberty to commence committal proceedings against
the plaintiff in the event that the plaintiff breaches the said order of
court.

3 On 8 August 2002, the plaintiff filed a cross-application in Summons-in-
Chambers No 601300 of 2002 (“the plaintiff’s application”) praying _inter
alia_ for the following orders:

(a) the plaintiff be granted leave to vary the Order of Court;

(b) the plaintiff be granted weekly overnight access to the child with access
for the first week being from Fridays 8.00pm to Saturdays 8.00pm, for the
second week being from Saturdays 8.00pm to Sundays 8.00pm and alternating
thereafter;

(c) that the plaintiff be granted additional access to the child:

(i) during the school holidays for terms II and ?;

(ii) on the first days of Hari Raya Puasa and Hari Raya Haji from 7.00am to
1.00pm;

(iii) on Father’s Day between 1.00pm and 5.00pm;

(d) the handing over of the child be varied to Pasir Ris Neighbourhood Police
Centre;

(e) the plaintiff be given access to the child’s progress reports/records from
his school and madrasah.

4 After social welfare authorities had been directed to investigate into the
background of both parties, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application with costs
and granted the defendant’s application as follows:

(a) the Order of Court was varied and the plaintiff was granted access to the
child from 3.00pm to 8.00pm every Saturday;

(b) handing over of the child to the plaintiff would be at the void deck of
Block 268, Pasir Ris Street 21;

(c) the defendant was given liberty to commence committal proceedings against
the plaintiff in the event the plaintiff breaches the order made herein.

The plaintiff has now appealed against my decision (in Civil Appeal No 14 of
2003).

5 After the Order of Court was made but before the two applications herein
were filed, the plaintiff applied (_ex parte_) and obtained on 10 February
1999 (“the Second Order of Court”), the following orders:

(a) the plaintiff be given additional access to the child;

(b) the defendant to hand over the child to the plaintiff on Sunday 14
February 1999 at 10.30am at the neighbourhood police post located at Pasir Ris
Street 12;

(c) the plaintiff to return the child to the defendant on Sunday 14 February
1999 at 5.30pm at the aforesaid neighbourhood police post.

The affidavits

6 In the affidavit filed in support of the defendant’s application, the
defendant deposed that the plaintiff initially complied with the Order of
Court. However, there were many occasions thereafter where the plaintiff
disregarded the same, causing her stress and undue worries over the child’s
safety. The defendant cited 11 occasions between 13 February 1999 and 15
December 2001, where the plaintiff kept the child overnight or, he returned
the child to her after the stipulated access hours. She lodged numerous police
reports (which she exhibited in her affidavit) in that connection. She accused
the plaintiff of taking advantage of her kindness in accommodating his request
for additional access by unilaterally extending the access period, even on
those occasions where she did not consent.

7 The defendant complained that on each occasion the plaintiff exercised
overnight access to the child, the latter would return to her in a frightened
state so much so that the child would be hesitant about meeting the plaintiff
again. The child had also told her that he did not want to see the plaintiff;
hence, the defendant’s application.

8 In the event the defendant’s (main) application (that the plaintiff be
denied access) was rejected, the defendant requested that her alternative
prayer be granted. The defendant explained that the access hours needed to be
varied because the child was attending religious classes at a madrasah every
Saturday between 12.15pm and 2.15pm. That gave her only 15 minutes to hand the
child over to the plaintiff which was too rushed, even though she had so far
managed to be on time but, it meant she had to take the child out of his class
at 2.15pm sharp. As she did not want to engage in arguments with the plaintiff
in the event she was late, the defendant requested that the starting time for
access be delayed one hour later until 3.30pm.

9 In the affidavit which he filed in reply to the defendant’s, the plaintiff
revealed that he had obtained the Second Order of Court without being
represented by any solicitor; he had filed his own affidavit and appeared in
person before the court (Tay Yong Kwang JC) when the order was granted. The
Second Order of Court was prompted by his sister’s marriage on 14 February
1999 and, his desire to have the child attend the wedding. He alleged that he
was unsuccessful in serving the Second Order of Court on the defendant on 12
February 1999 as, she was out when he called at her home and, her sister
refused to accept service on her behalf. Contrary to her allegation that he
had no respect for orders of court, the plaintiff countered that it was the
defendant who defied the Second Order of Court; she had also threatened him if
he failed to return the child to her. Because of her breaches, he had applied
to court (twice) for committal proceeding against the defendant. Indeed, it
was on the second occasion (namely 21 March 1997) that the court (Lim Teong
Quee JC) granted the Order of Court and gave the plaintiff unsupervised access
at the current hours of Saturdays 2.00pm to 9.00pm.

10 The plaintiff justified his failure to return the child after access hours
on the basis that the incidents involved special or festive occasions (such as
his sister’s wedding, Hari Raya Puasa or Haji); even then, it was only _after_
the defendant had refused his request to extend access overnight. He denied
she had been given no opportunity to object as she had alleged. He deposed
there were occasions when the defendant had consented to his having extended
access to the child, which she appeared to have forgotten. At other times, he
had collected the child late from and correspondingly returned the child late
to, the defendant because, he had returned late from overseas trips. She
herself had been late in handing over the child to and in collecting the child
from him. He had also filed police reports regarding his difficulties in
having access to the child (which he exhibited to his affidavit).

11 The plaintiff denied the child was frightened of him, alleging it was a
desperate attempt on the defendant’s part to separate him from the child.
Indeed, the child looked forward to spending time with him and at the end of
each access period, the child would make the plaintiff promise that he would
see the child during school recess time on weekdays. The defendant had also
deprived the child of mixing with his (favourite) cousin, other relatives as
well as the child’s half-brother (the plaintiff’s son by his second marriage).
The plaintiff alleged it was the defendant who had coaxed the child to say he
did not want to see the plaintiff, causing more stress to the child. The
plaintiff pointed out that the child was already performing below average in
school and at the madrasah. The defendant’s request for an independent social
welfare officer to interview the child would only add pressure to the child
and would not be in the child’s interests.

12 The plaintiff objected to the change of venue for access, pointing out that
the designated place was stipulated under the Order of Court; there were
problems when access was fixed at Block 268 Pasir Ris, previously. Indeed, he
had issued several private summons (ten charges) against the defendant for
resorting to violence and assaulting him on those occasions. The defendant had
asked him to withdraw the summonses which he agreed, culminating in a
settlement agreement between the parties dated 12 December 1996 (wherein the
defendant agreed to pay him $500). On the other hand, the defendant’s
application to the Family Court for a Personal Protection Order alleging the
plaintiff had assaulted her, was dismissed.

13 The plaintiff also complained that not only was he kept in the dark by the
defendant on the child’s progress in school but, she had gone further to
prevent him from finding out, by informing the child’s school he should not be
told.

14 Before the defendant’s application could be heard, the plaintiff’s
application was filed. Further affidavits were filed by both parties in
relation to the plaintiff’s application, each denying the other party’s
allegations and accusing the other side of lying and, making further
accusations against the other. It was impossible for the court to make a fair
determination on the merits of either application without an objective
evaluation by an independent third party. The relationship between the parties
was/is acrimonious, to say the least.

15 Consequently, another court adjourned both applications, pending
investigations by the social welfare authorities. After the social welfare
officer tasked with the investigations had rendered a report last December,
hearing of both applications was restored before me; I then made the orders
which are now under appeal. I had informed counsel for the parties that my
decision was based on the confidential report. They were aware in that regard
that their respective clients had been visited at home and interviewed by the
reporting welfare officer, along with the child.

The decision

16 The applications herein were made under s 5 of the Guardianship of Infants
Act (Cap 122) (“the Act”) which states:

The court may, upon the application of either parent or of any guardian
appointed under this Act, make orders as it may think fit regarding the
custody of such infant, the right of access thereto and the payment of any sum
towards the maintenance of the infant and may alter, vary or discharge such
order on the application of either parent or of any guardian appointed under
this Act.

The court, in considering the applications is guided by s 11 of the Act which
states:

The court or a judge, in exercising the powers conferred by this Act, shall
have regard primarily to the welfare of the infant, and shall, where the
infant has a parent or parents, consider the wishes of such parent or both of
them, as the case may be.

17 From the conflicting affidavits filed by the parties, the following
additional facts or information emerged:

(a) the defendant divorced the plaintiff while he was still serving a prison
sentence (six months) for a cheating offence; he had been made a bankrupt in
1991. However, to his credit, the plaintiff has turned over a new leaf and has
also remarried. He is self-employed and his job requires him to travel
frequently especially to Jakarta, Indonesia. In his own words, the plaintiff
travelled 100 times within the last two-and-a-half years;

(b) at the time the Order of Court was made, the child was barely three years
old whereas he turned eight last year; he was in primary two last year and (I
would assume) is now in primary three;

(c) the child is dyslexic, a condition which is undoubtedly a factor in his
poor academic performance (including his own mother tongue). However, the
child is not enrolled full-time at the special school run by the Dyslexia
Association of Singapore (“the Association”) but studies in an ordinary
school, although he attends twice-weekly classes at the Association. Whether
the reason is due to the steep fees ($450 per term) charged by the Association
could not be determined as, the defendant alleged she informed the plaintiff
of the fees (which he denied) but he said nothing. A report dated 5 January
2001 from the Association was exhibited in the defendant’s third affidavit
filed on 6 September 2002 explaining the meaning and impact, of dyslexia;

(d) the child was apparently diagnosed as hyperactive by the Child Guidance
Clinic, when the defendant sought the department’s assistance on his
behaviour;

(e) the child’s academic performance has since improved with tuition.

18 It cannot be disputed that the defendant has been the primary if not sole,
caregiver of the child from birth; whether it was by choice (according to the
defendant) or by circumstances (as the plaintiff contended) is not relevant;
it is a fact. Understandably therefore, the child is very attached to the
defendant. The child did not get to know the plaintiff as his father until
well after the latter’s release from prison. Based on the Order of Court, that
would have been after 21 March 1997, when the child was a three-year-old
toddler. It is highly unlikely that the child would in 1997, have taken to the
plaintiff, who would have appeared to him as a complete stranger. The Second
Order of Court was obtained when the child was five years old. The child was
older and could express his wishes then, more so now when he is almost nine
years of age. Indeed, in his affidavit filed on 4 September 2002 (para 4), the
plaintiff himself recognised that fact. The plaintiff should understand that
it will take time and patience, for the child to get to know and bond with
him; it cannot be achieved overnight by merely lengthening the hours of
weekend access. I doubted that the defendant’s influence with the child was/is
so strong (as the plaintiff claimed) such that the plaintiff’s relationship
with the child (which the defendant contended is negative) reflects the
defendant’s own animosity towards the plaintiff, let alone that she instigated
the child when he said he did not want to see the plaintiff.

19 Whatever her faults may be (as alleged by the plaintiff), there is no
question that the defendant is a devoted and caring mother, whose primary
concern is the well-being of the child. The defendant, although a working
mother, had taken pains to find out about dyslexia, to help the child cope
with the disability (for which there is no cure) and his resultant learning
difficulties. It cannot have been an easy task for the defendant, first to
cope with the birth of a premature child, to bring him up alone and then to
find out and have to deal with, his dyslexia. What she has done for his
personal and scholastic development is commendable and should continue.
Hopefully, her efforts will come to fruition and the child will overcome his
disability with time.

20 Another fact which cannot be disputed is, that the child has very little
spare time, what with attending school, the madrasah and classes at the
Association, not to mention tuition. I would emphasise however, this was not a
case of an overzealous parent attempting to “hothouse” her child and having to
have her enthusiasm curbed by the court. The child’s daily activities from
Mondays to Fridays are not out of the ordinary for a Muslim school-going child
in Singapore, whilst his disability required him to attend additional special
classes. That is not to say that the defendant as the parent having his
custody, should not now re-look those activities with a view to assessing
whether the child’s routine can be made less intensive, in view of his
learning difficulties. The plaintiff’s desire for more access to the child if
granted, could only have been accommodated on weekends as the child’s weekday
routine was full. Unfortunately, the plaintiff’s frequent travels sometimes
prevented or delayed his having access to the child on Saturdays.

21 I had reduced the plaintiff’s existing access hours by one-and-a-half
hours, commencing half an hour later (3.00pm instead of 3.30pm as the
defendant requested) and ending an hour earlier at 8.00pm instead of 9.00pm,
in the hope it would lessen the friction between the warring parties. I would
point out that whilst the hours were shortened, it would not/should not
prevent the plaintiff from spending quality time with the child. It would
still enable the plaintiff to have one meal (dinner) with the child before
returning him to the defendant; mealtime is as good as any other activity for
a father and son to get to know each other better, over time.

22 One of the grouses which prompted the plaintiff’s application was the fact
that he did not have enough time to engage in activities with the child. The
plaintiff had complained (para 15 of his affidavit filed on 4 September 2002)
that sometimes, in order to meet the 9.00pm deadline to return the child, he
had to stop the child’s play activities suddenly (or even arouse him from
sleep). If the child was asleep (or spends the time he has with the plaintiff
sleeping), it did not matter whether the access hours were shortened or
lengthened, since there would be no meaningful interaction between father and
son during the shorter or longer hours, as the case may be. If indeed the
plaintiff wanted to spend quality time with his son, he and the child should
engage in some activity together even if it meant only talking or, the
plaintiff watching the child play with toys and or with his infant half-
brother or with the child’s favourite cousin/other relatives. It made no sense
for the child to be left to his own devices during the plaintiff’s access
period, as it defeated the very purpose of access. Otherwise, the child might
as well be at home and or, with the defendant. That, however, was the
impression I gained from an objective assessment of the plaintiff’s
affidavits, leaving aside his denials, histrionics, and accusations against
the defendant. The plaintiff should also realise that being a proper
parent/father does not only mean providing the money to pay for toys, books,
clothes and entertainment. A child’s emotional needs cannot also be fulfilled
by trying to buy his affection.

23 It bears remembering that a child’s welfare is the court’s first and
paramount consideration in such disputes regarding access and or custody. I
was equally conscious of the fact that neither parent has a superior right
over the other, when it concerns a child’s welfare. Unfortunately, the warring
parties did not make my task any easier. There had to be a fine balancing act
(which I tried to achieve) between allowing the plaintiff to see the child (so
that over time as the child grew older, he would want to spend more time with
his father voluntarily) and, ensuring that the child did not feel he was being
forced to see the plaintiff, against his own wishes. I was of the opinion that
the child was not yet ready to spend more time with the plaintiff, let alone
overnight every week and for longer periods during the school holidays.

24 It was wrong of the plaintiff to obtain an _ex parte_ order (“the second
Order of Court”) on 10 February 1999 for overnight access to the child,
without the knowledge of the defendant and her presence (or her solicitors’
presence) in court, so that her views could be heard. Consequently, that
application not having been dealt with on the merits, prayer 1 of the second
Order of Court should not be given the due weight which is normally accorded
to orders of court.

25 Consequently, I dismissed the plaintiff’s application and granted the
defendant’s application instead. Hopefully (although it would appear to be a
forlorn hope at this stage) with time, the parties will bury their differences
for the sake of the child, their relationship will improve and along with it a
desire to ensure that the child grows up knowing and spending time with, both
parents. Meanwhile, each side should attempt to be more accommodating and
flexible towards the other; there should be some grace period either in
handing over the child or, collecting him back, for access. The hours fixed by
the court are not cast in stone, which unfortunately is the stand each party
seems to have adopted.

26 It goes without saying that the dismissal of the plaintiff’s application
does not mean that the doors are permanently shut against him; the plaintiff
is not precluded from filing a similar application afresh at some future date,
when change of circumstances warrant it. Generally speaking, as a boy grows
older, he needs a father’s guidance more than a mother’s, however devoted the
latter may be to him.

Defendant’s application granted. Plaintiff’s application dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Mar 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

