Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Zhao Feng Guo v Tan Hong Soon t/a Intense Engineering Construction  
[2003] SGHC 106

Case Number | : | Suit 958/2001, RA 80/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 May 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Namasivayam Srinivasan (Hoh & Partners) for the plaintiff/respondent; Mahendra S. Segeram (Segeram & Co) for the defendant/appellant   
Parties | : |  Zhao Feng Guo — Tan Hong Soon t/a Intense Engineering Construction   
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Setting aside – Judgment obtained in
default of appearance – Whether non-discovery of documents amounting to
illegality warrants setting aside of judgment  
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Whether judgment irregular due to bad
service of Writ of Summons – Weight to be attached by court  
  
Damages – Measure of damages – Tort – Maxim of ex turpi causa non oritur –
Whether applicable in tort – Whether relevant in consideration of quantum of
damages  
  
Tort – Misrepresentation – Causation – Whether too remote  
  

1 The defendant was at all material times a company. The plaintiff was
employed as an engineer by the defendant and was assigned various duties
including those of a supervising engineer in the construction of a porch roof
for a motorcar showroom. In the course of duty, the plaintiff was injured in
an accident involving a power cutter on 15 January 2001.

2 On 31 July 2001 the plaintiff issued a writ of summons against the
defendant. The writ was served on the defendant on 19 September 2001 and
interlocutory judgment in default of appearance was entered on behalf of the
plaintiff on 2 October 2001. Nothing more was done after the summons-for-
direction was heard on 23 November 2001 until about a year later when, on 6
November 2002, a summons-for-further-directions was heard for the assessment
of damages.

3 The assessment of damages was fixed for hearing on 4 March 2003. However,
the defendant applied to set aside the interlocutory judgment on 28 February
2003, three days before the assessment. The application was heard on 4 March
2003 and dismissed by the Senior Assistant Registrar. The assessment proceeded
and is virtually completed save for the possibility of calling a medical
expert on behalf of the defendant. In the meantime, the defendant appealed
before me against the dismissal of its application to set aside the
interlocutory judgment.

4 The defendant’s case was as follows. It allowed judgment to be entered
because it did not have sufficient grounds to defend the action initially, but
after about a year and many letters to the Ministry and the Immigration
Department, it managed to get evidence that the plaintiff was deported six
days before he issued the writ. The evidence showed that he (the plaintiff)
had misled the immigration authorities in declaring that he had the
qualifications of a Bachelor in Economics Management when, in fact, he did
not. Mr Segeram also submitted that the plaintiff had represented that he had
an engineering degree when he had none. It is not clear what degree the
plaintiff was supposed to have represented to the defendant that he possessed.

5 Mr Segeram submitted two grounds for the purposes of this appeal. First, he
submitted that the plaintiff’s failure to give discovery of the documents
relating to his repatriation amounted to an illegality, and secondly, that the
judgment was irregular on the ground that the writ of summons was found on the
floor beneath the defendant’s door when the rules required the writ to be
pasted on the door.

6 Augmenting his first ground, Mr Segeram argued that the defendant had been
diligent in writing to the authorities for the reason of the plaintiff’s
repatriation. It was only on 14 February 2003 that the defendant discovered
that there were irregularities in the plaintiff’s immigration documents. Mr
Segeram’s point was that had the plaintiff been honest, the defendant would
not have employed him and the accident would not have occurred. Furthermore,
counsel submitted, the defendant would not have made the plaintiff a
supervisor. Lastly, he said that the plaintiff should not be allowed to plead
that there was no adequate supervision when he was himself the supervisor.
This last ground has no merit for the purposes of this appeal because that
ground could have been advanced as a defence to diminish the defendant’s
liability whether or not the plaintiff was truthful about his academic
qualifications.

7 In respect of the alleged falsification of documents relating to the
plaintiff’s qualifications, it must be borne in mind that that allegation had
not been proved. It leads to the next question, namely, whether the
plaintiff’s misrepresentation was relevant at the trial of the tort action? I
do not think so. It is far too remote from the point of causation in tort to
say that if the plaintiff had not misrepresented his qualifications he would
not have been employed and therefore he would not be where he was on 15
January 2001, and the accident would not have occurred, and the defendant
would not have been sued. I agree with the Senior Assistant Registrar that
counsel’s reliance on _Ooi Han Sun & Anor v Bee Hua Meng_ [1991] SLR 824 was
misplaced. That was a case dealing with the quantification of damages arising
from a road accident. The court there held that the _maxim ex turpi causa non
oritur actio_ has its application in contract but not in tort, at least not
insofar as liability for the tortious act was concerned. It may be relevant
only where the quantum of damages is being considered.

8 _Ang Kim Soon v Sunray Marine Pte Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 619 is more on point. In
that case, the applicant employer applied to set aside an interlocutory
judgment entered against it by its employee. The application was made only
after the judgment in a related action had been handed down. In that other
judgment, __ the employer was found not to be responsible for the accident and
that the liability lay with a third party, namely the ship owner. It was too
late to set aside the interlocutory judgment in that case because the
plaintiff would have been prejudiced in not pursuing against the ship owner in
order to establish some liability on its part (as against the plaintiff). An
innocent plaintiff who is injured in an accident need only succeed in showing
that a tortfeasor was 1% responsible for the cause of the tortious act to be
entitled to claim 100% from him. Thus, the plaintiff in that case, by virtue
of the employer’s failure to set aside the interlocutory judgment, was not
obliged to press his claims against the third party, which he might have done
had the judgment against his employer been set aside in good time. He (the
plaintiff) was entitled to recover entirely from the employer, against whom he
already had judgment.

9 In the present case before me, it is also too late for the defendant to set
aside the interlocutory judgment. That judgment was on the verge of perfection
because the assessment of damages was almost over. The only evidence remaining
was that of the defendant’s medical expert whose evidence, Mr Segeram tells
me, may not even be necessary if it does not differ from the medical evidence
already adduced.

10 Neither grounds given by the defendant justify the setting aside of the
judgment obtained on 2 October 2001. I have already stated why the defendant’s
inability to obtain documentary proof of the plaintiff’s qualifications was
not relevant. I would reiterate the point that even if the documents were
available, they would only be relevant for the purposes of a contractual
claim, and the defendant may not yet have been precluded from such action. But
that is a separate matter.

11 In respect of the second ground, namely that the judgment was not a regular
judgment because the writ was not pasted on the door of the defendant, I am of
the view that it was an argument entirely without merit. It was not disputed
that the writ was found on the defendant’s doorstep. So, even assuming that
the service clerk threw it there instead of pasting it, the irregularity is of
so minor a nature that I would not give it any weight at all. In any event, if
that was a valid objection, it was one that could and should have been made
more than a year ago. In the circumstances, this ground too, cannot succeed.

The appeal was therefore dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 May 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

