Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Oh Hu Sung  
[2003] SGHC 248

Case Number | : | CR 10/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Amarjit Singh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the petitioner; V N (Heng Leong & Srinivasan) and S Gogula Kannan (Tan Leroy & Kannan) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Oh Hu Sung   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Judgment – Power of subordinate courts to
alter judgments – Whether trial judge is functus officio after sentence
pronounced – Meaning of "mistake" in s 217(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Voluntarily causing hurt –
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) s 323 – Aggravating circumstances  
  

1 This was an application for criminal revision at the instance of a district
judge. I allowed the application, setting aside his order rejecting the
respondent’s plea of guilt and reinstating his earlier order for conviction
and sentence. I now give my reasons.

**Background**

2 The respondent, a Korean national, was originally charged with voluntarily
causing grievous hurt under s 325 of the Penal Code (Cap 224) by stepping on
and fracturing the wrist of a Bangladeshi national who worked for him. The
Notes of Evidence revealed the following. On 19 July 2003, when the s 325
charge was read to the respondent by the Korean interpreter in Court No 26, he
pleaded guilty. At this point, the Prosecuting Officer informed the court that
he was proceeding on a reduced charge of voluntarily causing hurt under s 323
of the Penal Code. The new charge was then read to the respondent, who pleaded
guilty again. He indicated that he was aware of the consequences of his plea.
The Prosecuting Officer then read out the statement of facts, which the
respondent admitted without qualification. He was subsequently convicted and
sentenced to three months’ imprisonment (“the first order”).

3 About two hours later, counsel for the respondent appeared before the
district judge while mentions were still being heard and asked for the matter
to be re-mentioned. Counsel informed the district judge that he was applying
for the plea to be rejected under s 217(2) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap
68) (“CPC”), as the respondent had pleaded guilty by mistake.

4 Counsel for the respondent clarified two points before the district judge.
First, he contended that the respondent had pleaded guilty by mistake because
he had thought that he would only get a fine if he pleaded guilty. Second,
counsel explained that the respondent did try to raise objections to some
parts of the statement of facts before his case was mentioned. Also, there
were now some indications of provocation, contrition and punishment to be
considered. The victim had been fully compensated, and the respondent had
apologised.

5 The district judge rejected the counsel’s first point, finding that the
respondent’s plea of guilt had been valid, unequivocal and voluntary. However,
the other facts raised by counsel led the district judge to conclude that the
sentence of three months’ imprisonment appeared excessive. The Prosecuting
Officer was himself sympathetic to the respondent’s case. Therefore, the
district judge rejected the plea of guilt, fixed the matter for mention and
fixed bail (“the second order”).

6 After the district judge had completed his cases for the day, he conducted
his own research as to the propriety of the second order. He decided that s
217(2) of the CPC had no application on the facts because he had been _functus
officio_ after sentence was pronounced. Therefore, on 22 July 2003, the case
was re-mentioned, and the district judge informed the parties of his research.
Counsel for the respondent disagreed and argued that s 217(2) of the CPC could
still apply, and requested for time to prepare submissions on this point. The
Prosecuting Officer supported counsel’s application for time.

7 Having considered counsel’s submissions, the district judge remained
convinced that he had been _functus officio_ after sentence was pronounced,
and therefore had no power to make the second order. Believing that the second
order was made in error of law, he brought the present application to the High
Court to exercise its revisionary powers pursuant to s 268 of the CPC, to set
aside the second order in favour of the original conviction and sentence, or
to make any other order which may be just and appropriate in the
circumstances.

**The issues**

8 The issues that I had to deal with in the course of this criminal revision
were as follows:

(a) whether the district judge had been _functus officio_ after sentence was
pronounced;

(b) whether s 217(2) of the CPC could still apply; and

(c) the appropriate order to make, taking into account all the circumstances
of this case.

**Principles governing revision**

9 The revisionary powers of the High Court are conferred by s 23 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322) and s 268 of the CPC which states:

The High Court may in any case, the record of proceedings of which has been
called for by itself or which otherwise comes to its knowledge, in its
discretion exercise any of the powers conferred by sections 251, 255, 256 and
257.

10 Section 268(1) provides that the High Court, in exercising its powers of
revision, can exercise powers similar to those of an appellate court. This
includes the power to alter or reverse any order made in the court below: s
256(d).

11 The principles governing the exercise of the High Court’s revisionary
powers were laid down in _Ang Poh Chuan v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 326 at 330:

… various phrases may be used to identify the circumstances which would
attract the exercise of the revisionary jurisdiction, but they all share the
common denominator that there must be some serious injustice… generally it
must be shown that there is something palpably wrong in the decision that
strikes at its basis as an exercise of judicial power by the court below.

12 There is no doubt that if the district judge had been _functus officio_
after sentence was passed, and s 217(2) of the CPC did not apply, then the
second order would clearly be wrong in law, and the appropriate subject of a
criminal revision.

**Power to alter or review judgments**

13 It is established law that generally, a judge is _functus officio_ after
sentence is pronounced: _Jabar v Public Prosecutor_ [1995] 1 SLR 617; _Ganesun
s/o Kannan v Public Prosecutor_ [1996] 3 SLR 560. However, the power of the
subordinate courts to alter or review judgments is also regulated by s 217 of
the CPC, which states as follows:

(1) No court other than the High Court, when it has recorded its judgment,
shall alter or review the judgment.

(2) A clerical error may be rectified at any time and any other mistake may be
rectified at any time before the court rises for the day.

14 I first analysed this provision in detail in _Chiaw Wai Onn v Public
Prosecutor_ [1997] 3 SLR 445. The accused in this case had been convicted and
sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment by the district court. On appeal, I
affirmed his conviction and enhanced his sentence with a fine of $80,000.
However, I revoked this order on the same day when I realised that I had
exceeded my jurisdictional limit in imposing the $80,000 fine. Instead, I
substituted the fine with a further sentence of six months’ imprisonment,
bringing the total to 18 months’ imprisonment.

15 The substitution of sentence raised a legal point concerning whether the
High Court in its criminal appellate capacity could alter the judgment. In the
course of deciding the issue, I considered the interpretation and scope of s
217 of the CPC.

16 After examining the history of the provision and considering various cases,
I concluded that s 217(1) laid down a general prohibition against the
alteration of judgments by the subordinate courts, while s 217(2) was an
excepting proviso that prescribed the limited circumstances in which the
subordinate courts could alter or review their judgments.

17 Section 217 of the CPC has remained substantially the same as when it first
appeared in the CPC in 1900 as s 266, which read:

No court other than the Supreme Court when it has recorded its judgment shall
alter or review the same. _Provided that_ a clerical error may be rectified at
any time and that any other mistake may be rectified at any time before the
Court rises for the day. [Emphasis added.]

18 Although the words “provided that” were subsequently omitted in the 1920
reprint of the revised edition of the 1910 CPC, I took the view that the
change did not in any way affect the role of s 217(2) as a proviso to the
general prohibition in s 217(1). I then observed, at paragraph 64:

The effect of an excepting or qualifying proviso, according to the ordinary
rules of construction, is to except out of the preceding portion of the
enactment, or to qualify something enacted therein which but for the proviso
would be within it. Such a proviso cannot be construed as enlarging the scope
of an enactment when it can be fairly and properly construed without
attributing to it that effect: see _Duncan v Dixon_ [1890] 44 Ch D 211; _Corp
of the City of Toronto v AG for Canada_ [1946] AC 32 and _Mullins v Treasurer
of the County of Surrey_ [1880] 5 QBD 170.

19 I subsequently applied this construction of s 217 in _Virgie Rizza V Leong
v Public Prosecutor_ , CR 2/1998, MA 264/1997, HC, an unreported judgment
dated 15 April 1998. Here, the accused was charged with overstaying in
Singapore after the expiry of her visit pass, an offence under s 15(1) of the
Immigration Act (Cap 133). She pleaded guilty after the charge was read and
explained to her in Tagalog and she was told of the nature and consequences of
the plea. She admitted to the statement of facts without qualification, and
was convicted and sentenced to five months’ imprisonment and a fine of $3,000.
However, on the afternoon of the same day, her lawyer asked the district judge
to allow her to retract her plea of guilt, as she had pleaded guilty while
ignorant of a possible defence, and also as a result of threats by immigration
officers while in custody. The district judge held that he had been _functus
officio_ unless s 217(2) of the CPC applied. I endorsed his reasoning, noting
at paragraph 10:

A trial judge has a discretion to allow an accused to retract a plea of guilt,
which must be exercised judicially and for valid reasons: _Ganesun s/o Kannan
v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 560 at p 563. But this discretion only exists as long as
the court is not _functus officio_ , and the court is _functus officio_ after
sentence is passed: _Ganesun_ (supra). Accordingly, the district judge was
correct in stating that _he had no power to alter the conviction and sentence
unless s 217 of the CPC applied_. [Emphasis added.]

20 Two other instructive cases on the effect of s 217 were _Lim Teck Leng
Roland v Public Prosecutor_ [2001] 4 SLR 61 and _Public Prosecutor v Lee Wei
Zheng Winston_ [2002] 4 SLR 33. In both, I accepted that s 217(1) lays down a
general prohibition against the alteration of judgments by the subordinate
courts, while s 217(2) is an exception to this general prohibition,
prescribing the limited circumstances in which the subordinate courts can
alter or review their judgments.

21 Thus, it was clear from the authorities that while the general rule is that
the court is _functus officio_ after sentence is pronounced, s 217(2) of the
CPC is an exception to this general prohibition against the alteration of
judgments. The district judge rejected counsel’s submissions and authorities
on the point as they dealt with alterations in sentence, and not a conviction.
However, this should not make any difference. There was no reason to restrict
“judgment” in s 217 to orders on sentence.

22 Therefore, I was unable to agree with the district judge when he took the
view that s 217(2) of the CPC had no application because he was _functus
officio_ after sentence was pronounced. On the contrary, if the requirements
of s 217(2) were satisfied, the court was fully entitled to alter or review
its judgment, whether or not sentence was pronounced. Therefore, I next
considered if s 217(2) applied on the facts of this case.

**Scope of s 217(2) of the CPC**

23 Section 217(2) provides for judgments to be altered in two different
scenarios. “Clerical errors” can be corrected “at any time”, while “any other
mistake” may only be rectified “before the court rises for the day”. It was
not contended by the respondent that there was any clerical error in this
case. Therefore, for the section to apply, the respondent must show that there
was a mistake that came within the scope of the words “any other mistake”, and
that these were rectified before the court had risen for the day.

24 In _Chiaw Wai Onn_ , supra, and _Chuah Gin Synn v Public Prosecutor_ [2003]
2 SLR 179, I held that the court rose for the day only when it ceased to sit
for business, when the working day of the court had ended. On the facts of
this case, the second order was clearly made before the court had risen for
the day. Therefore, the only issue I had to decide was whether there was a
mistake within the meaning of s 217(2).

_“Any other mistake”_

25 I considered the meaning of “any other mistake” in s 217(2) in _Virgie
Rizza V Leong_ (supra). Counsel for the accused in that case argued that her
plea of guilt was mistaken for two reasons. First, she had been deceived by
one Leong into believing that she could lawfully remain in Singapore, and thus
had pleaded guilty while ignorant of a possible defence. Also, she had pleaded
guilty because she had been told by immigration officers “not to talk too
much” or her sentence might be increased.

26 In considering what suffices as a “mistake” under s 217(2), I was prepared
to hold that it includes errors by a party as well as by the court. I also
commented, at paragraphs 11 and 12:

Section 217(2) must be intended to allow the court to correct a decision
whenever there has been a clear mistake; it does not say who should have
caused the mistake and _there is no reason to exclude errors originating from
the parties._ The court is in a position to make a sound decision only if the
parties correct present the facts (and often, in practice if not in theory,
the law). If after judgment it emerges that there has been a _mistake, either
of fact or law_ , the court should be able to rectify it before it rises for
the day, and this may extend to altering a conviction or sentence if there was
a failure of justice.

Nonetheless, in my view s 217(2) was not applicable in the present case,
because it was not sufficiently clear that there was a mistake. The appellant
had earlier admitted without qualification the statement of facts. Later when
counsel was present she told a different story without much supporting
evidence… Such disputes cannot be resolved without a detailed consideration of
evidence, and there was no clear “mistake” that could bring s 217(2) into
operation. _Section 217(2) does not contemplate a court hearing and deciding a
disputed issue as to whether a mistake was made; it should apply only if the
mistake was obvious to the court or admitted by all parties._ In other
situations a party aggrieved by the alleged mistake should appeal or seek
criminal revision. [Emphasis added.]

27 It is clear that “mistake” in s 217(2) is construed expansively. It clearly
encompasses more than mere clerical errors, for otherwise the first limb of
the subsection would be otiose. It also goes beyond mere accidental slips and
omissions: _Chiaw Wai Onn_ , supra. “Any other mistake” in s 217(2) includes
not only mistakes by the court (as was the case in _Monteiro v Public
Prosecutor_ [1964] 1 MLJ 338, where the judge had found the accused guilty
before his counsel addressed the court), but also unilateral mistakes by the
parties. It covers not only errors of law but also errors of fact.

28 However, such a wide construction is clearly open to abuse by accused
persons, who could seek to use s 217(2) as a backdoor to overturn convictions.
The principle of finality of proceedings, as encapsulated in s 217(1), should
generally be observed unless it is clear that a miscarriage of justice will
otherwise result. Accused persons should not be permitted merely at whim to
change their pleas, and the court must take care not to encourage such
responses, where no valid and sufficient grounds have been shown. Therefore,
the condition I set down in _Virgie Rizza V Leong_ — that the mistake must be
obvious to the court or admitted by all parties — should be strenuously
observed before s 217(2) can apply.

_No obvious mistake in this case_

29 The grounds on which the respondent relied in support of his argument that
there was a mistake were as follows:

(a) he was not provided with a Korean interpreter at the police station;

(b) he was induced into pleading guilty by the investigating officers;

(c) he disagreed with the statement of facts but the Korean interpreter had
not conveyed his version of the facts to the judge;

(d) the accused was provoked by the victim but this was not conveyed to the
judge; and

(e) the accused did not fully understand the nature and consequences of the
plea, as he thought he would only be punished with a fine.

30 The principles upon which the court should permit an attempt to retract a
plea of guilt are firmly settled. Section 180(b) of the CPC states that if the
accused understands the nature and consequences of his plea and intends to
admit without qualification the offence alleged against him, he may plead
guilty to the charge and the court may convict him on it. The common law has
evolved three procedural safeguards before a plea of guilt can be regarded as
the basis for a conviction (_Ganesun s/o Kannan v Public Prosecutor_ , supra;
following _Lee Weng Tuck v Public Prosecutor_ [1989] 2 MLJ 143):

(a) an accused should plead guilty by his own mouth and not through his
counsel;

(b) the onus lies on the judge to ascertain whether the accused understands
the true nature and consequences of his plea; and

(c) the court must establish that the accused intends to admit without
qualification the offence alleged against him.

_Ground (A): No interpreter at police station_

31 With regard to the respondent’s complaint that he was not provided with a
Korean interpreter at the police station, counsel for the respondent failed to
show how this nullified his plea in any way. There was no evidence that the
respondent had even requested for an interpreter at the police station. In any
case, he was provided with a Korean interpreter in court, who had explained
the nature and consequences of his plea to him.

_Ground (B): Induced into pleading guilty by investigating officers_

32 This argument can be disposed of quickly. The respondent did not produce a
shred of evidence to justify his claim that the police officers involved in
his case had induced him to plead guilty. In such circumstances, the
respondent’s bare allegation could carry little, if any, weight.

_Grounds (C) and (D): Disagreement with statement of facts and provocation_

33 These two grounds basically challenged the respondent’s unqualified
admission of the statement of facts in court. Again, there was nothing in
evidence to support the respondent’s assertion that he had objections which
the Korean interpreter did not convey to the district judge. The respondent
did not offer any reasons to explain why the interpreter would choose to omit
any material facts. The respondent had admitted to the statement of facts
without qualification before the district judge. As I noted in _Koh Thian Huat
v Public Prosecutor_ [2002] 3 SLR 28 at paragraph 21:

As the SOF has now become an integral part of criminal procedure in Singapore
(_Mok Swee Kok v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 140 at 146), it is my view that, when an
accused has unqualifiedly admitted to the contents of the SOF, these facts
should not thereafter be readily open to dispute. Permitting otherwise may
unduly prolong the proceedings or possibly even undermine the soundness of the
conviction.

34 In the absence of any compelling explanation for the respondent’s failure
to raise any objections in court, or any other evidence to support his
allegation that the interpreter had omitted to mention material aspects of his
version of facts, the respondent cannot now dispute his unqualified admission
to the statement of facts. In any case, challenging the statement of facts now
would involve a detailed consideration of the evidence, which would clearly
bring any possible mistake outside the realm of an obvious one as envisioned
by s 217(2): _Virgie Rizza V Leong_ , supra.

_Ground (E): Did not understand nature and consequences of plea_

35 There was no evidence to support the respondent’s claim that he did not
understand the nature and consequences of his plea. The Notes of Evidence
stated clearly that the charge was read and explained to the respondent in
Korean, and he indicated that he understood the nature and consequences of his
plea. The district judge found that the appellant’s initial plea was valid,
unequivocal and voluntary, and this finding was firmly supported by the
evidence. Therefore, the respondent could not rely on this in support of his
argument of a mistake.

_Conclusion on this issue_

36 In this case there was no obvious mistake in the first order made, so s
217(2) did not apply and the district judge was _functus officio_ at the time
he made the second order. As the second order was made in error of law, I
exercised my revisionary powers under s 268 of the CPC to set aside the second
order and reinstate the conviction.

**Sentence**

37 The only remaining issue I had to consider was whether the sentence of
three months’ imprisonment imposed by the district judge should also be
reinstated, or whether the court should make such other order as may be just
and appropriate in the circumstances.

38 In _Rathakrishnan s/o Muthia Ramiah & Anor v Public Prosecutor_, MA 156/95,
DC, an unreported judgment dated 17 June 1995, the two accused persons had
assaulted a foreign worker under their charge by fisting him on his face and
stomach and kicking him on his back. The victim suffered tenderness at the
central abdomen, mild tenderness over the left cheekbone and left lumbar
region and two three-cm scratch marks on the left lumbar region. Both were
sentenced to two months’ imprisonment each.

39 In the case before me, the victim’s injuries were more serious, as he
suffered a scaphoid fracture on his right wrist. A major aggravating factor
here was the fact that the victim had been a foreign worker under the
respondent’s charge. The use of violence is a serious problem that must be
condemned, especially when the aggressor is in a position of authority with
respect to the victim. The sentence imposed in such cases must send offenders
the message that such violent conduct will be severely dealt with.

40 Although this was the respondent’s first offence of causing hurt in the
seven years that he had been in Singapore, he was not a stranger to our
courts, having been convicted of dangerous driving under s 64(1) of the Road
Traffic Act (Cap 276) in 1998. However, I stress that I did not take this
previous conviction into account in sentencing him for the present offence, as
it was a completely unrelated charge.

41 The court in _Goh Chee Wee v Public Prosecutor_ , MA 226/2002, DC, an
unreported judgment dated 23 September 2002, noted that the benchmark sentence
in s 323 offences where serious injury is caused is a term of imprisonment of
between three and nine months. The respondent could not point to any
compelling mitigating circumstances in this case to justify a more lenient
sentence. The fact that he is a professional was no excuse, especially since
the victim was his subordinate, whom he was expected to take care of. Also,
any potential difficulties caused to his family could not carry much weight,
for it is trite law that any hardship caused to the offender’s family as a
result of his imprisonment has little mitigating value, save in very
exceptional or extreme circumstances: _Ng Chiew Kiat v Public Prosecutor_
[2000] 1 SLR 370.

42 In these circumstances, the respondent was actually fortunate that the
Prosecuting Officer decided to reduce the charge against him from one of
causing grievous hurt under s 325 of the Penal Code, for that would have
carried a punishment of up to seven years, and also a possible caning.
Therefore, I found that the district judge’s first order sentencing the
respondent to three months’ imprisonment was entirely appropriate on the
facts, and should also be reinstated.

**Ancillary matters**

43 After I set aside the second order and reinstated the district judge’s
first order for conviction and sentence, counsel for the respondent applied
for an extension of time to appeal against sentence. The usual procedure for
any appeal is for the notice of appeal to be filed within ten days from the
judgment: s 247(1) CPC. Under s 250(1) of the CPC, I have the power to permit
an appeal that is filed out of time, upon such terms as may be desirable.

44 However, I was unable to see why counsel required me to exercise my powers
under s 250(1) in this case. Time certainly could not run from the date of the
district judge’s first or second orders, because pending the outcome of this
criminal revision, there was no sentence to appeal against. In any event, I
was of the view that an appeal against sentence on the facts before me would
be an exercise in futility. When deciding on the appropriate order to make in
this criminal revision, I had already carefully considered all the facts and
circumstances of this case. In particular, I concluded that the sentence of
three months’ imprisonment was not only not manifestly excessive, but was
amply justified by the facts. Therefore, any appeal against sentence now would
simply be a waste of the respondent’s, and this court’s, time.

45 Finally, the respondent also requested that his sentence be deferred by two
weeks, for him to make arrangements for his family. I rejected this request,
and agreed with the DPP that the respondent had already been given ample time
to settle his affairs. He had been out on bail from the time the district
judge made the second order rejecting his plea of guilt and fixing the matter
for mention. Having had more than ten weeks to arrange his private affairs, I
saw no reason to give him any more time.

Application allowed; order for conviction and three months’ imprisonment
reinstated.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

