Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mak Chik Lun and Others v Loh Kim Her and Others and Another Action  
[2003] SGHC 220

Case Number | : | Suit 203/2002/H, 249/2002/F  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  K Shanmugam SC, Christopher Anand Daniel and Esther Ling (Allen and Gledhill) for plaintiffs in Suit No 203 of 2002/H and plaintiff in Suit No 249 of 2002/F; Hri Kumar and Wilson Wong (Drew and Napier) for first and second defendants in Suit No 203 of 2002/H and first defendant in Suit No 249 of 2002/F; Low Woon Ming (W M Low and Partners) for third and fourth defendants in Suit No 203 of 2002/H and second and third defendants in Suit No 249 of 2002/F; Randhir Ram Chandra and Nicole Tan (Haridass Ho and Partners) for fourth defendant in Suit No 249 of 2002/F   
Parties | : |  Mak Chik Lun; Lo Pui Ling; Katell Investment Co Pte Ltd — Loh Kim Her; Goh Lan Kiaw; Harley Investments Pte Ltd; Ivory Investments Pte Ltd   
  
Credit and Security – Money and moneylenders – Loans of money – Loans outside
Singapore – Scope of Moneylenders Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Construction of statute – Mischief – Moneylenders
Act (Cap 188, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Definitions – "Moneylender" – "Business of
moneylending" -Whether overseas transactions relevant – Moneylenders Act (Cap
188, 1985 Rev Ed) ss 2, 3  
  

1 The Plaintiffs in suit no. 203 of 2002 are suing the Defendants for breach
of a Deed of Settlement dated 4 April 2001. The Defendants say the Deed of
Settlement is unenforceable as the subject matter of the Deed of Settlement
relates to a loan transaction made in December 1998 that contravenes the
Moneylenders Act (Cap.188). It is alleged that the 1st Plaintiff, Mak Chik Lun
(“Mak”), carries on business as a moneylender without holding a licence.
Consequently, by virtue of s15 of the Act, no contract for the repayment of
money lent by an unlicensed moneylender shall be enforceable.

2 The Defendants have filed several affidavit of evidence-in-chief to show
that Mak is in the business of moneylending. In brief, they are in respect of
loans purportedly made:

(a) on or about 25 January 1996 through Mak’s Hong Kong company Tai Ping Yeung
to Huaiji County, Guangdong Province a sum of HK $10 million;

(b) on or about 19 March 1996 through Mak’s Company in China, Zhong Yue
Resources (Heshan City) Limited Company to Marine Product Board of Heshan City
a sum of 800,000 Renminbi;

(c) on or about 6 March 1998 by Mak to Loh Nee Peng a sum of 5 million
Renminbi;

(d) in or about August 1999, Mak through his wife Lo Pui Ling, the 2nd
Plaintiff, to Marubeni Auto (China & Asia) Ltd a sum of DM 250,000; and

(e) in or about November 1999, by Mak to the 1st Defendant, Loh Kim Her a sum
of S$1.5 million.

3 On the 8th day of trial, an application was made by Counsel for the
Plaintiffs, Mr. K. Shanmugam SC, to exclude the affidavits of Tam Wo Ping, Wu
De Liang, Feng Gua Qi and Chen Gua Biao on the ground that they are not
relevant as a matter of law and hence should not be admitted in evidence. The
affidavits deal with three loans extended by Mak in China.

4 Mr. Shanmugam’s contention is that the Moneylenders Act applies to
moneylending activities in Singapore. When a Court is considering if a lender
comes within the definition of “moneylender”, and in showing that there was a
system and continuity in the “carrying on the business of moneylending” only
the alleged moneylending activities within Singapore should be taken into
consideration. In addition, only transactions existing at the date of the
transaction to be impugned could be looked at. In the context of the foreign
loans, two were before and one came after the loan in these proceedings.

5 Mr. Shanmugma referred me to _Tozer Kemsley & Millbourn (A/Asia) Pty_ _Ltd v
Point_ [1961] NSWR 466, _Walton v Regent Insurance Ltd_ [1962] 79 WN 644 and
_The Law of Money Lenders in Australia and New Zealand by Clifford L. Pannam_
(1965) p45 to support his argument that evidence of transactions entered
outside the jurisdiction should be disregarded. The rationale for this is
founded on the presumption that statutes have no extraterritorial effect
unless expressly provided by Parliament to have such a reach. See _Public
Prosecutor v Taw Cheng Kong_ [1998] 2 SLR 410; _Public Prosecutor v Pong Tek
Yin_ [1990] SLR 575 and _Parno v SC Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 4 SLR 579. The
Court of Appeal in _Taw Cheng Kong_ at 432 approved the general rule of
construction referred to in the speech of Lord Russell CJ in _R v Jameson_
[1896] 2QB 425 at 430 where his Lordship stated:

“…One other general canon of construction is this – …an Act will not be
construed as applying to foreigners in respect to acts done by them outside
the dominions of the sovereign power enacting. That is a rule based on
international law by which one sovereign power is bound to respect the
subjects and the rights of all other sovereign powers outside its own
territory.”

6 As a general rule, a domestic legislation is to be interpreted as limited to
the regulation for the activities (in this case moneylending activities)
taking place within the jurisdiction. The Moneylenders Act falls into this
category. The scheme of the Moneylenders Act is to regulate moneylending
transactions in Singapore, the licensing of moneylenders and their activities
as a licensed moneylender. The Act imposes criminal sanctions on those who
carry on the business of moneylending without licence. Apart from a criminal
sanctions, the law would not assist the unlicensed moneylender in the recovery
of a loan made in contravention of the Act.

7 It is not disputed that the Act is concerned with moneylending activities in
Singapore and that the residence of the moneylender is immaterial. See _Brooks
Exim Pte Ltd v Bhagwandas_ [1995] 2 SLR 13 at 19. However, Counsel for the
Defendants, Mr. Hri Kumar, contends that s2 of the Act which defines
“moneylender” is not restricted to a person whose business is moneylending in
Singapore. If it were to be so restricted, the Act would say so. The focus is
on the status of the person as a moneylender and not the nature of the
transaction. In considering his status as a moneylender, his activities
outside the jurisdiction are relevant. His patterns of lending and modus
operandi are relevant to determining his status as a moneylender.

8 Mr. Kumar argues that the Australian cases are distinguishable and do not
assist Mr. Shanmugam. They have nothing to do with foreign loans and there was
no evidence of loans made outside the jurisdiction. He further contends that
to determine if the exception in s2(c) of the Act is applicable, it is
necessary to look at all the business activities of the lender to see if
moneylending is ancillary to his whole business. And that would include his
business outside the country. Hence, evidence of foreign loan transactions is
relevant.

9 As for the relevance of loan transactions made before or after the loan in
question, he referred me to _Chellappah v Official Assignee_ [1970] 1 MLJ 220,
a decision of Raja Azlan Shah J who held that the court is not prevented from
taking into consideration loans made after the date of the relevant
transaction in order to establish the required regularity, continuity and
system in moneylending business.

10 It is quite clear that it is the business of moneylending and not the act
of moneylending that the Act prohibits: _Subramaniam Dhanapakiam v
Ghaanthimathi_ [1991] SLR 432 at 434. Neither should the focus be on the
status of the individual concerned as argued for by Mr. Kumar. On his point
that Parliament will say so if the intention is to restrict the meaning of
“moneylender” to a person whose business is moneylending in Singapore, I was
not referred to any particular rule of interpretation. Suffice it to say that
there are accepted guides to legislative intention to find by implication the
restriction. And there could be such a restriction having regard to the
contextual sense of the definition of “moneylender” in s2 and the specific
exceptions laid down. I need say no more since it is settled law that it is
the business of moneylending that the Court is concerned with and not his
status as a lender.

11 To prove that a person is in the business of moneylending, the easiest way
is to show that the rebuttal presumption in s3 of the Act is applicable to the
facts of the case. If the borrower can show that a person lends a sum of money
in consideration of a larger sum being repaid, the person is presumed to be a
moneylender. Once a prima facie presumption is raised, it is for the lender to
rebut the presumption by showing that it does not apply. He has to bring
himself within one of the exceptions in s2 or show that he is not a
moneylender within the terms of the definition in s2. In rebutting the
presumption, the claimant, for instance, has to show that there was neither
system nor continuity in moneylending. The local test of whether there is a
business of moneylending is whether there was a system and continuity in the
transactions. If no system or continuity is displayed, the alternative test
(the _Litchfield_ test) of whether the alleged moneylender is one who is ready
and willing to lend to all and sundry provided that they are from his point of
view eligible is used. See _Ang Eng Thong v Lee Kiam Hong_ (High Court, 1998,
unreported); _Brooks Exim Pte Ltd v Bhagwandas_ [1995] 2 SLR 13 where
_Litchfield v Dreyfus_ [1906] 1 KB 584 was followed.

12 In the case where the borrower is unable to raise the presumption in s3,
the burden is then on him to prove the business of moneylending through the
two tests mentioned.

13 The mischief the Act seeks to arrest is the business of moneylending in
Singapore. It follows that in the context of the two tests mentioned,
consideration must necessarily be given to factors pertaining to moneylending
activities in Singapore. Therefore, evidence for example of regularity,
continuity and system that go to the question of carrying on business of
moneylender must as a matter of satisfying the legal burden be in respect of
regularity, continuity and system of transactions that happened in Singapore.
It seems to me that the affidavits of evidence-in-chief setting out the
purported loans in China are not relevant in that they would not assist in
either of the two tests mentioned. The point may also be illustrated thus. If
a foreigner is in the business of moneylending outside Singapore and ventures
to make even one loan in Singapore he may in a proper case be caught by the
Act. To ascertain whether he has _extended_ his moneylending business to
Singapore, of relevance is evidence of moneylending activity in Singapore and
his activities outside are irrelevant and disregarded. Factors to be taken
into consideration could, to name a few, include setting up of operations in
Singapore and spreading the word around through the network in Singapore that
he is approachable for that purpose. As an aside, the Act may still apply
where a loan was made abroad to disguise the lender’s moneylending business in
order to circumvent the operation of the Act.

14 On the point whether transactions after the date of transaction to be
impugned could be looked at, the answer is in the affirmative so long as loans
made before or after the date of the relevant transaction are connected to the
lender’s moneylending activities in Singapore and introduced in evidence in
order to establish the required regularity, continuity and system in
moneylending business. In this case, the three loans were foreign loans and
had nothing to do with Singapore.

15 For all these reasons, I allowed the Plaintiffs’ application to exclude the
affidavits of evidence-in-chief of Tam Wo Ping, Wu De Liang, Feng Gua Qi and
Chen Guo Biao. This ruling applies equally to the proceedings in Suit No. 249
of 2002.

16 The Defendants were not told until Tuesday 23 September 2003 that the
affidavits of these four persons would be subject to a challenge of this kind.
By then, the witnesses had travelled to Singapore. They have been waiting
their turn to take the stand. In the circumstances, I ordered the wasted costs
and expenses of these four witnesses to be borne by the Plaintiffs on an
indemnity basis.

17 The Defendants have indicated that they intend to file an appeal against my
decision and I have accordingly published my Grounds of Decision in
anticipation of an expedited appeal to the Court of Appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

