Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Quan Chee Seng Michael  
[2003] SGHC 140

Case Number | : | OS 1774/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 June 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Lai Siu Chiu J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Suressh Surenthiraraj for the Law Society; Howard Cheam for the Law Society; Respondent in person (absent)   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Quan Chee Seng Michael   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Whether respondent guilty of grossly
improper conduct in the discharge of his professional duty under Legal
Profession Act s83(2)(b) – Whether respondent has contravened any provisions
of the Legal Profession Act warranting disciplinary action s 83(2)(j) of the
Act – Appropriate penalty – Legal Profession Act (Cap 161) ss 83(1), 83(2)(b)
& 83(2)(j)  
  

1 This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (the Law Society) to
make absolute an order to show cause under s 98 of the Legal Profession Act
Cap 161 (the Act), pursuant to the determination of a Disciplinary Committee,
that cause of sufficient gravity existed for disciplinary action to be taken
against Michael Quan Chee Seng (Quan) under s 83(1) of the Act. Having
considered the submissions of counsel, we held that the Disciplinary Committee
was justified in making its determination and ordered that Quan be struck off
the rolls. We now give our reasons.

**Background**

2 Quan was a solicitor of some 13 years’ standing, having been admitted to the
Bar on 11 April 1990. At all material times, he was practising as a partner in
the firm of Michael Quan & Kenneth Lee.

3 Disciplinary proceedings were initiated as a result of a complaint made to
the Law Society by one Haslinda Bte Abdul Rahman and her husband, Haron Bin
Raja Ibrahim (the Complainants). Quan had acted for the Complainants in the
sale of their HDB flat. The Complainants alleged that Quan had failed to
protect their interests as his clients and had wrongfully disbursed the
proceeds of sale of their flat.

**The facts**

4 In early 1999, the Complainants sought to sell their HDB flat as they were
in need of cash. However, due to HDB restrictions, they would only be allowed
to sell their flat one and a half years later. They saw and responded to, an
advertisement of a housing agent, one Corin Tan Poh Tee (Corin), who claimed
that she was able to help them obtain loans, pending the sale of their flat.

5 Corin referred the Complainants to Assets Credit Pte Ltd (Assets), a
licensed moneylender, who agreed to grant them a loan. However, the
Complainants were informed that they would have to engage a private lawyer to
facilitate the transaction; Corin then introduced them to Quan.

6 In February 1999, the Complainants met Quan at his office and signed a
Letter of Authority which ‘irrevocably’ authorised Quan to act for them in the
sale of the flat and to collect the proceeds on their behalf. The Complainants
said that they were made to sign several other documents on this occasion but
were given neither copies of the same nor any explanation as to the purpose of
those documents.

7 Subsequently, the Complainants borrowed further sums from Assets as well as
from Corin, pending the sale of their flat. In September 1999, Assets entered
a caveat against their flat and the Complainants went to Quan’s office to
execute a consent form for the caveat.

8 The flat was eventually sold in June 2000 for a sum of $293,000 of which a
balance of $138,895.16 was due to the Complainants. Corin informed them that
they were to go down to Quan’s office on 21 June 2000 in order to complete the
sale and receive the proceeds. When they arrived, Quan had already withdrawn
the entire sum of $138,895.16 in cash from their client's account. A
representative from Assets, one Low Siew Hong (Low), and Corin were also
present.

9 The Complainants testified that Quan then made payments of about $62,000 to
Low and some $24,000 to Corin. He also deducted a sum of $1,500 for his costs
and disbursements, and the remaining balance of about $52,000 was handed over
to the Complainants. Quan then asked the Complainants to execute two documents
wherein they acknowledged the receipt of a cash cheque for the entire sum of
$138,895.16.

10 The Complainants realised, some months later, that they had been charged
interest at an excessive rate by Assets and Corin; the loans to them had been
disbursed at various rates of interest ranging from 8% to 20% per month. These
rates exceeded what was stated in the signed promissory notes (which stated
that the loans were granted at an interest rate of 18% per annum) and breached
the limits allowed under the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188). The Complainants then
lodged complaints against Quan, Assets and Corin with various agencies
including the Law Society.

**Proceedings before the Disciplinary Committee**

_The charges_

11 Pursuant to the complaint lodged by the complainants, the Law Society
formulated four (4) charges against Quan before the Disciplinary Committee as
follows:-

_First charge_

That you, Michael Quan Chee Seng, are charged with grossly improper conduct in
the discharge of your professional duties within the meaning of Section
83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161) in that in or about the period
February 1999 to June 2000, you procured an undated signed receipt from your
clients, Mdm Haslinda binte Abdul Rahman and Mr Haron bin Raja Ibrahim, in
respect of a cash cheque no. 091711 for the sum of $138,895.16 notwithstanding
that the said cash cheque was never given to the said clients.

_Second charge_

That you, Michael Quan Chee Seng, are charged with grossly improper conduct in
the discharge of your professional duties within the meaning of Section
83(2)(b) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161) in that in or about the period
February 1999 to June 2000, you procured the execution by your clients, Mdm
Haslinda binte Abdul Rahman and Mr Haron bin Raja Ibrahim of an undated
document entitled Annex A: Balance Sale Proceeds Received by Haron bin Raja
Ibrahim and Haslinda binte Abdul Rahman ("The Vendor”) wherein the said
clients purported to, inter alia, acknowledge the receipt of a DBS cheque for
the sum of $138,895.16 payable to cash notwithstanding that the said cash
cheque was never given to the said clients.

_Third charge_

That you, Michael Quan Chee Seng, are charged that on or about 21 June 2000,
while acting as solicitor for Mdm Haslinda binte Abdul Rahman and Mr Haron bin
Raja Ibrahim, withdrew the sum of $138,895.16 from your firm’s client account
by encashing a cash cheque at a bank at Liat Towers, for the purpose, inter
alia, of making payment to Assets Credit Pte Ltd and Corin Tan without the
authority of said Mdm. Haslinda Binte Abdul Rahman and Mr Haron bin Raja
Ibrahim, in contravention of Rules 7(1) and 8 of the Legal Profession
(Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules within the meaning of Section 83(2)(j) of the
Legal Profession Act (Cap 161).

_Fourth charge_

That you, Michael Quan Chee Seng are charged that on or about the period
February 1999 to June 2000, during the course of your retainer as solicitor
for Mdm. Haslinda binte Abdul Rahman and Mr Haron bin Raja Ibrahim, you failed
to advance the said clients’ interests unaffected by the interest of any other
person, by acting in the interests of Assets Credit Pte Ltd and Corin Tan, in
contravention of Rule 25(b) of the Legal Profession (Professional Conduct)
Rules within the meaning of Section 83(2)(j) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap
161)

**The Law Society’s submissions**

12 Based on the testimony of the Complainants, the Law Society advanced its
case on the basis that Quan’s actions were part of a ploy to disguise the
excessive rates of interest charged to the Complainants. It was submitted by
their counsel that Quan had arranged for payments to be made in cash so that
there would be no evidence of the amounts paid to Assets and Corin. This was
to make it harder for the Complainants to later dispute the interest rates
levied as there would have been no independent documentary record of the
actual amounts paid over.

13 Counsel for the Law Society (Mr Suressh) further submitted that Quan had
failed to safeguard the interests of the Complainants. Instead, he had
discharged his duties in a manner that indicated that he was more concerned
about securing repayments to Assets and Corin. In support of this argument, Mr
Suressh noted the following:

(i) Quan drafted a Letter of Authority one year before the flat was sold,
which made the Complainants irrevocably appoint Quan to act for them and
authorised him to collect the sale proceeds on their behalf;

(ii) Quan failed to advise his clients on the legal implications of executing
a caveat over their flat even though Assets had neither a legal nor equitable
interest in the flat; and

(iii) Quan failed to advise his clients on the dangers of handling large
amounts of cash or that it was illegal under the Moneylenders Act (Cap 188) to
repay moneylenders in cash for sums over and above $10.

_The defence_

14 In relation to the first two charges, Quan acknowledged that the two
documents indicating that the Complainants had received a cheque for the full
sum of $138, 895.16 was somewhat ‘misleading’. However, counsel for Quan (Mr
Jeffrey Beh) pointed out that Quan had never sought to deny that the proceeds
were handed over in cash. As such, Mr Beh argued Quan did not procure these
documents in order to create an impression that the defendants had received a
cheque. Mr Beh submitted that Quan was guilty only of careless drafting and
the ‘misrepresentation’ in the document was merely a technical oversight, not
to be equated with professional misconduct of any severity.

15 In relation to the third charge, Quan’s defence was that it was the
Complainants themselves who had requested that the payments be made in cash.
As such, he was fully authorised to make the withdrawals from their client's
account. As to the fourth charge, Quan denied knowledge of the details of the
loan transaction between the Complainants and Assets. Quan saw his duty to the
Complainants as being limited to that of the sale of their flat. Consequently,
there was no duty on him to check the terms of the loan. He testified that on
the day the Complainants attended at his office to collect the proceeds of
sale, he had passed the full balance of the proceeds in cash to the
Complainants. He then left the room and denied all knowledge of what
transpired thereafter between the Complainants and their lenders. In support
of this, he had Corin and Low testify on his behalf; both corroborating his
version of events.

_Findings of the Disciplinary Committee_

16 The Disciplinary Committee found the Complainants to be ‘honest witnesses’
who ‘testified with sincerity’. While there were some inconsistencies in the
Complainants’ evidence (largely relating to the precise amounts borrowed, as
well as the exact dates on which certain documents were signed), the
Disciplinary Committee found that it did not affect their credibility, given
that their case was based largely on their recollection of events rather than
documentary records. Further, due to the length of time involved, it was not
unusual that there were slight differences in recollection.

17 As such, the Disciplinary Committee preferred the Complainants’ version of
events over that of Quan. Though Quan had two supporting witnesses, the
Disciplinary Committee noted that it was in Corin’s and Low’s interests to
corroborate Quan’s version of events. Otherwise, it would be tantamount to
admitting that they had received money in excess of what was legally due to
them; this affected the reliability of their testimony.

18 Moreover, Corin had admitted to having earlier lied to the Institute of
Estate Agents when they had queried her on a related complaint. In her
response to the Institute, Corin had denied knowing who Assets were and
maintained that she was not present at Quan’s office when the Complainants
received the balance of the sale proceeds. This incident was a further ground
for questioning her credibility.

19 We will come to the precise findings of the Disciplinary Committee later in
the judgment. Suffice it to say at this point that the Disciplinary Committee
accepted the testimony of the Complainants and convicted Quan on all four (4)
charges. Accordingly, the Disciplinary Committee determined that cause of
sufficient gravity existed for disciplinary action to be taken against him.

**The present application**

20 In the show cause proceedings before this Court, Quan had discharged Mr Beh
as his counsel and meant to represent himself. However, he not only failed to
submit any written arguments but was also absent from the hearing. This Court
proceeded with the case in his absence in accordance with Order 35, Rule 1 of
the Rules of Court.

21 On behalf of the Law Society, Mr Suressh basically advanced the same case
as was brought before the Disciplinary Committee. As such, the main issue
before the Court was whether the Disciplinary Committee had erred in its
findings.

**Whether the Disciplinary Committee erred in preferring the Complainants’
evidence**

22 Since the Complainants and Quan clearly had conflicting versions of what
happened, the first issue that concerned the Court was whether the
Disciplinary Committee had erred in preferring the Complainants’ evidence over
that of Quan and his witnesses. In this respect, it is trite law that as
regards the credibility of witnesses, a Court which has not had the advantage
of observing those witnesses would be slow to disturb the assessment of the
judge below, unless he was plainly wrong: see _Clark v Edinburgh & District
Tramways Co Ltd_ [1919] SC (HL) 35 _,_ applied by the Singapore Court in _Peh
Eng Leng v Pek Eng Leong_ [1996] 2 SLR 305.

23 Having due regard to this principle, we were not able to say that the
Disciplinary Committee was plainly wrong in accepting the Complainants’
evidence in preference to that of Quan. The Disciplinary Committee was
justified in considering that Quan’s supporting witnesses (Corin and Low) were
not disinterested witnesses. As such, they were entitled to prefer the
Complainants’ version of events and this Court proceeded to determine whether
the charges were made out on the basis of those facts.

**First and Second Charges**

24 Addressing the first two charges together, we agreed with the Disciplinary
Committee that the misrepresentation in the documents was not merely negligent
but was something more sinister altogether. Though we were well aware that
Quan never denied that the proceeds had been given in cash, we were of the
opinion that the greater misrepresentation lay not in the form of how the
proceeds were given to but in the amounts received by, the Complainants.

25 The documents purported to show that Quan had handed over the entire sum of
$138,895.16 to the Complainants. Having accepted the Complainants’ evidence
that this was not the case as deductions had been made by Quan for his costs
as well as for repayment to their two (2) lenders, the Disciplinary Committee
rightly saw the documents to be an inaccurate record of the amounts received
by the Complainants.

_Whether the misrepresentation was deliberate_

26 Looking at the documents in the context of the entire transaction, we
accepted the Law Society’s submission that the ‘misrepresentation’ contained
in the documents was not as innocent as Quan had sought to make out. On the
evidence, we found that Quan had intentionally obtained such an
acknowledgement from the Complainants in order to give the impression that he
had handed over the full sum to the Complainants. We noted that in his cross-
examination before the Disciplinary Committee, Quan relied on these same
acknowledgements to support his story that he had handed over the whole
proceeds in cash to the Complainants before leaving the room. This not only
‘let him off the hook’ in relation to the payments made to Assets and Corin,
but also made it difficult for the Complainants to prove the exact amount they
had received. His conduct was grossly improper, if not fraudulent, and the
charges were clearly made out.

**Third Charge**

27 The third charge alleged that Quan had contravened Rules 7(1) and 8 of the
Legal Profession [Solicitors’ Accounts] Rules (the Rules). The relevant part
of the Rules read as follows:

**Moneys which may be drawn from client account**

7\. --(1) There may be drawn from a client account --

(a) in the case of client’s money --

(i) money properly required for a payment to or on behalf of the client;

……

(iii) money drawn on the client's authority;

(iv) money properly required for or towards payment of the solicitor’s costs
where a bill of costs or other written intimation of the amount of the costs
incurred has been delivered to the client and the client has been notified
that money held for him will be applied towards or in satisfaction of such
costs;

…..

**Money from client account -- how drawn**

8\. --(1) Except as provided under rule 7, no money shall be drawn from a
client account unless the Council upon an application made to it by the
solicitor specifically authorises in writing such withdrawal.

(2) No money shall be drawn from a client account under rule 7 (1) (a) (ii) or
(iv), (c) or (d) except by --

(a) a cheque drawn in favour of the solicitor; or

(b) a transfer to a bank account in the name of the solicitor not being a
client account.

(3) No money shall be drawn from a client account under rule 7 (1) (c) or (d)
by a cash cheque.

_Whether the Complainants authorised the withdrawals_

28 The crux of the matter under the third charge was whether the Complainants
had instructed Quan to pay them the proceeds in cash. In this respect, we
found it unlikely that the Complainants would have requested for the full
balance of $138,895.16 to be paid in cash. This was a sizeable amount of money
and it was clear that the Complainants were uncomfortable with holding such a
huge sum in cash. This can be seen from the fact (undisputed) that upon
receiving the proceeds, the Complainants immediately deposited the cash in
their bank account.

29 Furthermore, even if we accept that the Complainants had issued such
instructions to receive the proceeds in cash, we found it highly unusual that
Quan did not see the need to enquire further or advise against such an
atypical request. Instead, Quan’s evidence under cross-examination before the
Disciplinary Committee was that it never occurred to him that he should be
concerned about the security of such a transaction so long as the clients had
given their instructions. In these circumstances, we agreed with the
Disciplinary Committee that it was far more likely that Quan himself had
decided to pay the proceeds in cash.

_Whether the payments were properly required to be made to or on behalf of the
Complainants_

30 We then considered whether the proceeds had been drawn out within the scope
of the Rules because they were payments properly required to be made to or on
behalf of the Complainants. We found that the Disciplinary Committee was
correct to conclude that the payments in cash to Assets and Corin were not
_properly required_ as payments on behalf of the Complainants since the
Moneylenders Act (Cap 188) prohibits moneylenders from accepting cash in
repayment of sums above $10. As such, the payments fell outside the scope of
Rule 7(1)(i). The Court noted that Quan also took a portion of the cash
proceeds as payments for his fees and disbursements. This was contrary to Rule
8 of the Rules which require all payment for lawyer’s fees out of the client’s
account to be made by way of a cheque drawn in favour of the solicitor.

31 As such, we agreed with the Disciplinary Committee that save for the
$52,000 that was paid over to the Complainants, the withdrawal of the proceeds
could not be said to be _properly_ required for payment to or on behalf of the
Complainants, and constituted an unauthorised withdrawal from the client’s
account. The Court noted that the charge itself referred to the full sum of
$138,895.16 withdrawn rather than the amounts which were wrongly paid over to
Assets and Corin. However, we nevertheless found that the third charge was
substantially made out.

**Fourth Charge**

32 The fourth charge essentially alleged that Quan acted in the interests of
Assets and Corin rather than that of his clients. The Disciplinary Committee
found that Quan had been primarily concerned with ensuring that Assets and
Corin would be paid from the proceeds of sale rather than seeking to protect
the Complainants’ interests. On the evidence, we found this to be a cogent
inference.

33 We rejected Quan’s argument before the Disciplinary Committee, that he was
concerned only with the sale of the flat and not the loan, when the two
transactions were so intimately connected. In fact, Assets had mandated the
use of a private lawyer as a condition for the loan. In the circumstances, it
was not open to Quan to argue that he had no responsibility to the
Complainants as regards the loan. Even if we accepted his retainer as being
only limited to the sale of the flat, Quan still bore the responsibility of
providing accurate completion accounts of the amount the Complainants received
from the proceeds of sale. His failure to do so was reckless at best and we
agreed with the Disciplinary Committee that the evidence was indicative of the
fact that he was acting with the interests of the lenders in mind, rather than
that of the Complainants. Consequently, this charge was also made out.

**The appropriate penalty**

34 We then turned to the issue of the appropriate penalty. Under s 83(1) of
the Act, the penalty that may be imposed ranges from censure to suspension up
to five (5) years to striking-off. The considerations to bear in mind when
deciding the appropriate penalty were amply set out in _Law Society of
Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ [1999] 1 SLR 696 where the Court, in deciding
whether to opt for suspension or striking-off, made the following
observation:-

(1) where a solicitor has acted dishonestly, the court will order that he be
struck off the roll of solicitors;

(2) if a solicitor is not shown to have acted dishonestly, but is shown to
have fallen below the required standards of integrity, probity and
trustworthiness, he will nonetheless be struck off the roll of solicitors, as
opposed to merely being suspended, if his lapse is such as to indicate that he
lacks the qualities of character and trustworthiness which are the necessary
attributes of a person entrusted with the responsibilities of a legal
practitioner.

35 In this case, we found that Quan had acted in a deplorable manner. He took
the unusual step of paying his clients and their lenders large sums in cash
without any documentation to evidence the amounts paid, and then proceeded to
obtain acknowledgements from his clients that they had received the full sum
when this was not so. His actions demonstrated a total disregard for the
interests of the Complainants which conduct fell far below the standards of
integrity required of a member of the Bar.

36 On the evidence, we found that Quan’s actions stemmed not from gross
incompetence but were done deliberately as part of a scheme to ensure the
absence of documentary evidence as to the precise amounts paid to Assets and
Corin, in order to disguise the fact that the Complainants were being charged
excessive interest. Instead of protecting those he was meant to serve, Quan
took advantage of their ignorance. His involvement in such a scheme was
clearly dishonest and a striking-off was warranted. Accordingly we made the
order. We further ordered Quan to bear the costs of the Law Society in these
proceedings.

_Order accordingly._

****

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jun 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

