Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Kwok Seng Fatt Jeremy v Choy Chee Hau  
[2003] SGHC 308

Case Number | : | Suit 702/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 December 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Ching Sann AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Subir Singh Panoo (Sim Mong Teck and Partners) for the plaintiff; Defendant in person; Ramesh Appoo (Just Law LLC) for the interveners   
Parties | : |  Kwok Seng Fatt Jeremy — Choy Chee Hau   
  
10 December 2003

Assistant Registrar, Ching Sann

**Undisputed facts**

The plaintiff was 21 years of age at the time of the accident on 24 June 2000
and was serving his National Service. Interlocutory judgment was entered for
the plaintiff at 100% liability against the Defendant on 21 January 2002. An
interim payment of $80,000.00 was made following interlocutory judgment. The
Interveners, being the insurers of the Defendant’s vehicle, disclaimed
liability following the Defendant’s conviction for drunk driving, but
intervened in the proceedings in view of their potential liability.

**The plaintiff’s claim**

2 The plaintiff claimed for damages under the following heads:

General damages  
---  
(i) |  Pain and suffering |  $306,000.00  
(ii) |  Future cost of medical treatment |  $11,220.00  
(iii) |  Future cost of medication |  $5,304.00  
(iv) |  Future cost of urinary tract infection |  $36,210.00  
(v) |  Future cost of complications per lifetime |  $100,000.00  
(vi) |  Future cost of psychotherapy |  $6,500.00  
(vii) |  Future cost of toiletries |  $108,638.16  
(viii) |  Future cost of nursing care |  $254,771.86  
(ix) |  Future dry cleaning costs |  $2,601.00  
(x) |  Future costs of transportation |  $183,600.00  
(xi) |  Future costs of paraplegic equipment |  $29,057.99  
(xii) |  Future additional cost of holidays |  $20,400.00  
(xiii) |  Future loss of earnings |  $576,000.00  
Special damages  
(xiv) |  Hospitalisation |  $25,811.31  
(xv) |  Consultation bills |  $344.47  
(xvi) |  Acupuncture treatment |  $780.00  
(xvii) |  Psychotherapy |  $412.00  
(xviii) |  Toiletries |  $18,106.45  
(xix) |  Paraplegic equipment |  $9,338.00  
(xx) |  Home renovations and installation |  $1,505.00  
(xxi) |  Cost of nursing care |  $46,067.00  
(xxii) |  Transport costs |  $19,792.00  
(xxiii) |  Plaintiff’s mother’s transport costs |  $2,470.00  
(xxiv) |  Additional costs of holiday |  $1,237.00  
(xxv) |  Loss of earnings |  $73,278.00  
(xxvi) |  Dry-cleaning expenses |  $345.00  
|  |  |   
  
**Decision**

3 __ Having heard all the evidence and reviewed submissions from counsel for
both parties, the following award is made:

**_General damages_**

_Pain and suffering_

4 The plaintiff made the following submissions for pain and suffering:

(a) |  Fracture dislocation of T7 vertebra resulting in paralysis below T6 |  $160,000.00  
---|---|---  
(b) |  Fracture of right clavicle |  $10,000.00  
(c) |  Fracture of right 2nd, 4th and 5th ribs with right haemopneumthorax |  $12,000.00  
(d) |  Multiple abrasions |  $4,000.00  
(e) |  Right brachial plexus injury |  $50,000.00  
(f) |  Loss of sexual function |  $40,000.00  
(g) |  Reactive depression |  $30,000.00  
  
Counsel differed in their treatment of the various items. Mr Subir argued that
there was an overlap between items (a) and (e), on the basis that item (a) had
resulted in the plaintiff’s loss of the use of his legs, while item (e) had
resulted in him losing much of the use of his right hand. Consequently, the
plaintiff ought to be treated as a quadriplegic, save that he still had one
good arm. On that basis, Mr Subir submitted a global claim of $180,000.00 for
items (a) and (e). Mr Ramesh, on the other hand, submitted $80,000.00 for item
(a) and $1,440.00 for item (e), on the basis that item (e) overlapped with
items (b) and (c). Mr Ramesh also argued that item (f), loss of sexual
function, ought to be considered together with item (a).

5 I was of the view that when considering the issue of overlap, it was more
appropriate to treat items (a) and (e) together, rather than items (b), (c)
and (e). This was because the plaintiff’s loss of use of his right hand was a
factor which was more properly considered together with the loss of use of his
legs. Items (b) and (c), on the other hand, did not have any relation to the
issue of the plaintiff’s loss of use of his limbs. At the same time, I was of
the view that Mr Subir had over-stated the matter when he argued that the
plaintiff could be likened to a quadriplegic. It was to be noted that the
plaintiff’s doctor, Dr Adela Tow, had testified that although the plaintiff
had lost much of the use of his right hand, he had regained much of the use of
his right arm. After taking into account the various authorities cited by
counsel, I awarded $160,000.00 for items (a), (e) and (f). As for items (b)
and (c), Mr Ramesh had submitted $8,000.00 and $8,100.00 respectively, on the
basis that these two injuries overlapped. I agreed that there was some overlap
in relation to these two injuries and made a total award of $18,000.00 for
both injuries.

6 Turning to item (d), Mr Ramesh submitted $1,500.00 under this head. I was of
the view that this was too low, in light of their widespread nature, and hence
awarded $4,000.00 for the abrasions. Finally, as to item (g), reactive
depression, Mr Ramesh submitted that the plaintiff should only be awarded
$4,500.00. I did not find the authority, _Balachandar v Asiatic Development
Bhd & Anor_ [1995] 1 MLJ xlviii, tendered by Mr Ramesh in this respect to be
helpful, as it was an award made by a Malaysian court, while Mr Subir had
tendered local authorities in support of his claim. However, I noted that the
plaintiff’s mother, Ms Ho Wan Khin, had testified that his mental state had
improved by a lot since the accident, and further, that the plaintiff’s
psychiatrist, Dr Ang Peng Chye, had not seen the plaintiff for quite some
time. Consequently, I awarded $20,000.00 for reactive depression.

7 Following from the above, the total award to the plaintiff for pain and
suffering was **$202,000.00**.

_Applicable multipliers_

8 In determining the proper amounts to award under items (ii) to (xiii), it
was first necessary to consider the applicable multipliers. Mr Subir had used
a multiplier of 17 years for items (ii) to (xii), and a multiplier of 16 years
for item (xiii), while Mr Ramesh submitted a multiplier of 13 years. A
relevant consideration in this area was Dr Tow’s testimony that spinal cord
patients such as the plaintiff would have a reduced life expectancy of 5 to 10
years. On that basis, I did not consider it unreasonable to expect the
plaintiff to live to the age of 60. In the premises, the multiplier used by Mr
Ramesh of 13 years was far too low and I took the view that a multiplier of 16
years across the board would be appropriate.

_Future medical expenses_

9 For item (ii), cost of outpatient treatment, this was estimated by Mr Subir
at $660.00 per year and by Mr Ramesh at $60.00 per year. The claim of $660.00
per year was based on a letter from Dr Tow in which she estimated outpatient
treatment per year at $660.00. However, as Mr Ramesh pointed out, the
plaintiff had submitted receipts for all his outpatient treatment since his
return home from the hospital, and these receipts showed that he had incurred
the sum of $193.04 for year 2001 and $60.00 for year 2002. As such, I agreed
that a lower multiplicand ought to apply for item (ii). Taking into account
the fact that the plaintiff might need more visits to the doctor as he aged,
and that tests might be ordered during such visits which would necessitate
greater expenditure, I was of the view that a multiplicand of $200.00 per year
was appropriate. As such, I awarded the sum of **$3,200.00** for item (ii).

10 For item (iii), the future cost of medication, Mr Subir relied on Dr Tow’s
estimate of $1.20 per item per week, at five items, to arrive at the sum of
$6.00 per week, or $312.00 per year. Mr Ramesh submitted that, based on the
receipts submitted by the plaintiff from Ang Mo Kio Hospital, the true cost
was $14.40 per month, or $172.80 per year. In the premises, I awarded $200.00
per year for medication, ie an award of **$3,200.00** for item (iii).

11 For items (iv) and (v), Mr Subir made two claims: for the future costs of
urinary tract infections at $36,210.00, and for other complications at
$100,000.00. However, as Mr Ramesh pointed out, Dr Tow had said in cross-
examination that her estimate of $100,000.00 included the cost of urinary
tract infections. Consequently, I made **no award** under item (iv). As for
item (v), I noted that Dr Tow had stated that her estimate of $100,000.00 was
on the high side. However, I did not accept Mr Ramesh’s argument that the
plaintiff could keep his expenses down to a minimum of $15,000.00. I agreed
that the plaintiff had been scrupulous in looking after himself in the
intervening period between his return home and the date of assessment, such
that he had a lower chance of incurring complications, but was of the view
that the discount suggested by Mr Ramesh discount was far too steep. In the
premises, I awarded **$70,000.00** under item (v).

12 Finally, the plaintiff’s claim under item (vi) was based on $250.00 per
visit multiplied by 26 visits, on the basis that Dr Ang had said that he would
need a year of fortnightly treatment to come to terms with his loss. Mr
Ramesh, on the other hand, submitted that no award should be made for this
item as the plaintiff had stopped his psychotherapy treatment of his own
accord and had not approached his parents for help in paying his psychotherapy
fees. More importantly, the plaintiff had resumed the semblance of a social
life and had gone on holiday just after he stopped seeing Dr Ang. I was of the
view that the plaintiff probably did not need psychotherapy treatment.
However, I made some allowance that he might need it in the future, on the
basis of Dr Ang’s diagnosis that he was still a very lonely person. Hence, I
awarded **$2,000.00** under item (vi).

_Cost of future nursing care_

13 Dealing next with item (viii), this was divided into three separate heads:
agency fees, the monthly costs of the maid, and the maid’s medical expenses.
The first matter to consider under this head was the apportionment of expenses
incurred as a result of having to hire a maid. Mr Subir conceded that a
discount ought to apply as the maid did some work for the family as well, and
his submissions under this item were made on the basis of a 10% discount. Mr
Ramesh, on the other hand submitted that a discount of 33% should apply. After
taking into account the fact that the plaintiff did not need 24-hour care,
that many household chores would have been carried out for the entire family,
and that the maid was the only person who attended to the plaintiff at night,
I was of the view that a 15% discount should apply.

14 For agency fees, Mr Subir estimated this at $443.50 every two years, based
on receipts from two maid agency fees paid. Mr Ramesh, on the other hand,
submitted that agency fees would only be incurred every 5 years and that the
agency fees would only be $288.00, based on the lower of the two receipts
submitted by the plaintiff. I accepted Mr Subir's submission on this issue as
the fact that one maid might be willing to work longer would be offset by the
difficult nature of caring for the plaintiff, which might lead to a maid
wanting to go home earlier. As such, a maid would need to be replaced eight
times over the applicable period of 16 years, ie a total cost of $3,548.00.

15 For the monthly costs of the maid, Mr Subir based his submission on a wage
bill of $320.00 per month, levy of $345.00 per month, and food and lodging at
$700.00 per month. Mr Ramesh contested the claim for the levy on the basis
that it was paid by the plaintiff’s mother, and that she claimed tax relief
for it. Mr Ramesh also argued that no claim should be allowed for the maid’s
food and lodging as these were losses incurred by the plaintiff’s parents and
no evidence had, in any event, been adduced to support the claimed sums. I did
not fully accept Mr Subir’s argument that the plaintiff should be allowed to
claim for the levy as it was an expense incurred for his benefit. Although it
was clear that the need for the maid had only arisen after the plaintiff had
been injured, the fact remained that the plaintiff’s mother obtained tax
relief from her paying of the levy. In the absence of further evidence as to
how this benefit was to be quantified, only a nominal award was justified.
Likewise, I accepted that some expense was incurred by the plaintiff’s parents
on account of the maid’s food and lodging, and that the plaintiff could claim
for it. However, in the absence of any proof as to the actual loss, only a
nominal sum would be awarded. Consequently, I assessed the monthly costs to
the plaintiff of the levy, food and lodging at $80.00 per month.

16 As for the maid’s medical bills, Mr Subir submitted $50.00 a year while Mr
Ramesh submitted $40.00. I accepted Mr Subir’s submission of $50.00 per year,
or $800.00 for 16 years, on the basis that the mandatory twice-yearly check-
ups would already cost $36.00 and there was the possibility that the maid
might fall ill.

17 In light of the foregoing, after applying a 15% discount for the wage bill,
the agency fees and the medical bills and adding the award for the levy and
the food and lodging, I awarded **$71,279.80** for item (vii).

_Future transport expenses_

18 Dealing next with item (x), the plaintiff gave evidence that he had to use
a London cab to travel around, and that this would cost $35.00 per trip. As
such, Mr Subir submitted $900.00 per month for this item, after deducting
$100.00 per month, being what the plaintiff would have spent even if he had
not been injured. Mr Ramesh for his part took issue with the plaintiff’s claim
that he needed to travel by London cab, as he could take a normal taxi with
the help of friends, and should have tried to cut down on his transport costs
by booking the taxi ahead of time. Mr Ramesh also purported to rely on _Ang
Chuan Seng v Lee Siah Cheng_ (unreported) as authority for his submission that
the plaintiff should not be entitled to claim anything apart from transport
costs incurred as a result of visiting the doctor, ie $60.00 a year at $20.00
a trip.

19 I did not find the submissions made by Mr Ramesh in this respect to be
helpful. It was clear even from the extract relied upon by Mr Ramesh from _Ang
Chuan Seng_ that no additional transport costs had been awarded in that case
as the assistant registrar had concluded that apart from the trips to see the
doctor, the plaintiff had incurred no additional transport costs. In the
present case, it was patently clear that the plaintiff had incurred additional
transport costs as a result of his injuries, as he would be compelled to take
taxis where he could previously have relied on public transport. I also did
not consider Mr Ramesh’s submission that the plaintiff ought to try taking
other forms of taxis to be reasonable in light of the plaintiff’s size and the
injury to his right hand, which meant that he was not able to lift himself as
other paraplegics might. Finally, I did not agree with his submission that on
average, the receipts submitted by the plaintiff showed that he only averaged
about $255.00 per month on transport. Mr Ramesh appeared to have selectively
picked out two months in which the plaintiff had incurred lower transport
charges and ignored other receipts the plaintiff had submitted, which showed
his average monthly transport expenses to be nearer to Mr Subir’s estimate of
$1,000.00 per month.

20 At the same time, I did not agree with Mr Subir’s submission that the
plaintiff would have only spent $100.00 a month on transport if he had not
been injured. I noted that many of the receipts submitted by the plaintiff
showed that he had been out after midnight. As such, even if the plaintiff
would normally have travelled by public transport if he had not been injured,
he would still have had to travel by taxi on many occasions as the public
transport services would have already stopped running. In the premises, I
assessed the additional costs of transport at $400.00 per month, leading to an
award of **$76,800.00** for item (x).

_Other future non-medical expenses_

21 The claim under item (vii) was made on the basis that the total amount
spent on toiletries from December 2000 to September 2003 was $18,106.45, ie an
average of $532.54 per month. Mr Ramesh’s submission of $520.00 per month was
based on receipts submitted by the plaintiff. I accepted Mr Subir’s submission
and awarded **$102,247.68** for item (vii).

22 For item (ix), the main area of difference was the multiplier applied by
parties. On the basis that dry-cleaning cost the plaintiff $25.50 on each
occasion, as evidenced by the receipts submitted, I awarded **$2,448.00**.

23 For item (xi), the plaintiff’s claim was based on the testimony of Raja
Singh, the plaintiff’s supplier of paraplegic equipment, who had testified as
to the expected lifespan of the equipment. Mr Ramesh argued, however, that the
claim ought to be revised in that Mr Raja, being in the business of supplying
such equipment, would give self-serving evidence as to the lifespan of the
equipment. Instead, it could be estimated that the equipment would last a
further third of its estimated lifespan. I saw no reason to infer an ulterior
motive on Mr Raja’s part and accepted his testimony on this matter. Using the
multiplier of 16 years, I awarded the full amount claimed for the tyres (being
$60.00, replaceable every 2 years), the Roho cushion (being $600.00,
replaceable every 3 years), the customised wheelchair (being $3,700.00,
replaceable every 5 years), the deluxe commode (being $400.00, replaceable
every 5 years) and the Spenco mattress (being $500.00, replaceable every 5
years). As for the folding commode, I took the view that the expense incurred
in replacing it every five years was not justified, given that it was only of
use on occasions when the plaintiff travelled, and, for the reasons explained
in the next paragraph, the plaintiff would not travel very often. Hence, I
awarded $5302.86 for this item, being the amount Mr Ramesh was willing to
concede for this item, which in my view was already on the generous side, and
after making the necessary adjustments to account for the difference in
multipliers used. I also made no award for the cloud cushion as Mr Subir had
conceded that it was not in fact needed. On this basis, I awarded
**$23,702.86** under item (xi).

24 Item (xii) was based on an estimate of $1,200.00 per year for holidays
taken by the plaintiff. Mr Ramesh, on the other hand, argued in all
probability, the plaintiff would not have travelled every year if he had not
suffered his disability. He also argued that the cost per holiday was too
high, as the plaintiff should be able to stay at mid-range, 3-star hotels when
he travelled. I agreed with Mr Ramesh’s argument that it was highly unlikely
that the plaintiff would have travelled every year. Instead, it was more
likely that he would have gone on holiday every 3 years. However, I did not
agree that the plaintiff could stay at 3-star hotels. The plaintiff himself
had testified as to the great difficulty he had in finding hotels which could
accommodate him and his equipment, which was why he had to resort to higher-
end hotels when he travelled. For reasons elaborated below in paragraph 38, I
took the view that an additional cost of $884.00 per holiday was appropriate
in the circumstances, and consequently awarded **$4,714.67** under item (xii).

_Loss of earnings_

25 Finally, as to item (xiii), the plaintiff’s claim of $576,000.00 for lost
earnings was based on a monthly salary of $3,000.00, inclusive of Central
Provident Fund contributions and after deducting expenses. Mr Ramesh for his
part cast doubt on the plaintiff’s ability to earn the sums claimed and
submitted that the plaintiff should not recover for loss of future earnings.
He pointed out that the plaintiff neither passed his Primary School Leaving
Examination nor obtained a full certificate from the Institute of Technical
Education (ITE). Although the plaintiff had been working as a salesman at
Alfred Dunhill prior to his National Service, he had no firm plans to work
there. I agreed to a large extent with Mr Ramesh’s submissions. It was the
evidence of Ms Goh Hui Har from Alfred Dunhill that the company had not needed
his services all the time, but would instead call on him as and when they
needed an extra hand. Moreover, Alfred Dunhill had downsized significantly
from the time the plaintiff worked for them, such that they would have no
place for the plaintiff after he completed his National Service. I also found
the plaintiff’s stated plan to return to ITE after his National Service and
earn a full certificate to be highly speculative and lacking in certainty.
There was also no evidence as to the amount the plaintiff could earn. The
estimates he had given of $1,200.00, $1,500.00 and $1,800.00 per month being
salaries for a worker with a full ITE certificate were not substantiated by
any evidence. In any event, they could not be safely relied on given that the
plaintiff himself did not have a full ITE certificate.

26 The above said, I took the view that it would still be possible to make an
award, albeit a conservative one, for loss of future earnings. The plaintiff
had shown that he had earned up to $2,300.00 a month with Alfred Dunhill
during those periods when they could take him on. Even if Alfred Dunhill had
not been able to hire the plaintiff when he completed National Service and he
had not been able to obtain his full ITE certificate, he would nevertheless
have been able to take on some form of part-time sales position, even if it
might be less prestigious and for less remuneration. As such, I took the view
that the plaintiff would be able to earn at least $700.00, per month, after
deducting expenses.

27 It would be appropriate at this juncture to deal with Mr Ramesh’s
submission that there was insufficient mitigation on the part of plaintiff in
that he ought to have should have sought a job. I disagreed strongly. Ms Goh
had testified that she would not hire the plaintiff for a sales position as
such persons needed to be presentable whereas the plaintiff was wheelchair-
bound. The plaintiff himself had testified as to the difficulty of finding a
job. I also did not find helpful Mr Ramesh’s citation of Mr Raja, the
equipment supplier, as justification for his argument that the plaintiff was
employable. Mr Raja had testified that he regarded himself as an exceptional
case and that most paraplegics would find it difficult to go back out into the
workforce. Indeed, Mr Raja himself did not hire any paraplegics in his office.

28 In the premises, I awarded **$134,400.00** under item (xiii).

**_Special damages_**

29 Item (xiv), hospitalisation expenses, was agreed between the parties at
**$25,811.31** , as was item (xv), consultation bills, at **$344.47**.

30 For item (xvi), Mr Ramesh agreed to an award for the acupuncture treatment
given to the plaintiff at Ang Mo Kio hospital, which cost $405.00. However, he
contested the claim for a further $375.00 which the plaintiff had incurred at
a Chinese physician, arguing that this was not treatment advised by the
doctors and had no benefit to the plaintiff. This was contradicted by Dr Tow’s
testimony, in which she has stated that she would let her patients go for
acupuncture if they felt they needed it, and that it helped to reduce pain and
relax the plaintiff’s muscles. On that basis, I awarded the full sum claimed
under item (xvi) of **$780.00**.

31 For item (xvii), receipts were submitted for psychiatric consultation which
the plaintiff had had with Dr Ang. This was contested by Mr Ramesh who
submitted that the plaintiff should only be awarded $90.00 for this item as he
should have gone to the Institute of Mental Health instead of a private
practitioner. I did not accept this objection. First, the issue of whether the
plaintiff should have gone to the Institute of Mental Health emerged for the
first time in submissions. Secondly, the referral to Dr Ang had been made by
Dr Tow, such that it was not the plaintiff who had chosen to go to a private
practitioner. Hence, I awarded the full sum claimed of **$412.00**.

32 For item (xviii), there was some confusion between the parties as to the
proper amount to be awarded. The plaintiff conceded in cross-examination that
he had mistakenly added in a claim for $347.50 while Mr Ramesh appeared to
have left out two further invoices for expenses incurred between the date the
plaintiff’s affidavit of evidence in chief was filed and the date of the
assessment. After reviewing the invoices submitted, I concluded that the
proper amount to be awarded was **$18,106.45.**

33 Item (xix) was agreed between the parties at **$9,338.00**.

34 For item (xx), Mr Subir conceded that there had been a mistaken claim of an
additional $300.00 for a mattress. Mr Ramesh, however, conceded for his part
that the mattress would have had to be changed anyway and offered to pay half
of its value. As such, I awarded **$1,655.00** under this head.

35 For item (xxi), the parties were in agreement as to the amount of salary
paid out to the two maids that had been engaged since. As already stated in
paragraph 13 above, I was of the view a discount of 15% should be applied to
the maid’s salary (being $9,280.00 paid thus far for 33 months), the maid’s
medical bill (being $50.00) and the agency fees (being $887.00), and that a
nominal sum only should be awarded for the claims made in respect of the maid
levy and the maid’s food and lodging. Consequently, I awarded **$11,324.45**
under item (xxi).

36 For item (xxii), the plaintiff submitted receipts totalling $19,792.00
being the cost of taxi rides he had taken in order to go out. For the reasons
stated in paragraph 20 above, I applied the rate of $400.00 per month to the
22-month period in question and hence awarded **$8,800.00**.

37 Item (xxiii) was abandoned by the plaintiff in closing submissions.

38 For item (xxiv), Mr Subir submitted that it was reasonable for the
plaintiff to take his maid along for his holiday, such that he should be
compensated for the price of her air ticket and airport tax at $370.00.
However, I agreed with Mr Ramesh’s submission that the additional cost of
transportation should be reduced by a third, to $48.00, as the plaintiff’s
friend also enjoyed the benefit of that. I also accepted the submission made
by Mr Ramesh as to the reduction of the claim for hotel charges should be
reduced to $366.00 as it the plaintiff’s friend had also benefited from it. I
took the view that the food costs claimed for the maid were on the high side
given that she would also have eaten if she had remained in Singapore, and
awarded $100.00. The total award for item (xxiii) was hence **$884.00**.

39 For item (xxv), the claim for lost earnings was contested by Mr Ramesh who
argued that there were no grounds for the plaintiff to make his claim, be it
on the basis of his previous employment with Alfred Dunhill or on his ITE
qualifications. As stated in paragraphs 25 and 26 above, I agreed with Mr
Ramesh’s submission for the most part, but nevertheless was of the view that
there an award for lost earnings was justified. In the premises, I awarded the
plaintiff **$18,200.00** for lost earnings from the time he would have
completed National Service and entered the workforce in July 2001 to the time
of the assessment.

40 Finally, as to item (xxvi), the claim was based on receipts submitted by
the plaintiff. Mr Ramesh, however, claimed that the plaintiff had only
submitted receipts for the sum of $330.50, and that he had also claimed the
cost of dry-cleaning a comforter which was not one of the items required. From
the receipts submitted, it was clear that the plaintiff had submitted receipts
for $356.00, from which he had then deducted the sum of $11.00 for a
comforter. As such, I awarded **$345.00** being the full sum claimed under
this head.

**Summary**

41 In summary, the total award made to the plaintiff is as follows:

Special damages: $96,000.68

General damages: $695,993.01

Total award = **$791,993.69**

And interest on $96,000.68 at 3% from the date of accident to the date of
trial, and on $202,000.00 at 6% from that date of service of the writ to the
date of trial. Usual consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Dec 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

