Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Gan Lai Hock v Singapore School Transport Association and Others  
[2003] SGHC 179

Case Number | : | OS 1690/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 August 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alfred Y S Tan (Alfred Tan & Co) for the plaintiff; Raymond Lye (Tay Lye & Ngaw Partnership) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Gan Lai Hock — Singapore School Transport Association; Wong Ann Lin; Lim Koh Beng; Neo Lye Siah; Tan Nam Soon; Ong Teck Tiong; Chew Chi Yong; Koh Chin Tee; Seah Phiak Cheow; Neo Kui Hock; Ng Kim Hock; Chua Hock Sing; Ang Yong Choon; Lee Chin Kiaw; Lee Thiam Chai; Luah Sing Heng; Ng Beng Twan; Neo Lian Huat; Ng Peng Hock; Chiam Shiun Phenp; Chow Kok Hiang; Heah Ah Lick   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Court judgments – Declaratory – Whether inordinate
delay in seeking declaration may deprive claimant of declaratory judgment.  
  

1 The plaintiff, Mr Gan Lai Hock (“Gan”), a school bus operator and a member
of the first defendants, the Singapore School Transport Association (“SSTA”),
commenced a representative action against SSTA and the remaining defendants,
who are members of SSTA’s management committee. Gan sought a declaration
nullifying the management committee election held more than one and a half
years ago in December 2001 on the ground of irregularities. He also sought an
order that the 2nd to 22nd defendants be restrained from acting or holding
themselves out as members of SSTA’s management committee or expending any part
of SSTA’s funds and that a fresh election for management committee members be
held.

2 SSTA’s members are Singapore citizens who are working in “any legal school
vehicles transport line”. The background of the present dispute between its
members is as follows. In mid-November 2001, members of the SSTA were invited
to vote for 21 members of the management committee, who would serve for a
period of 24 months until the end of 2003. 50 members of SSTA, including Gan,
stood for election. The then secretary of SSTA, Mr Che Buck Seah (“Che”), who
was also a candidate in the said election and is one of the four persons
represented by Gan in this action, stated as follows in the relevant notice to
SSTA’s members:

Attached is a Nomination Form with the names of the Candidates. You may select
21 candidates and use the business reply envelope to return the form to the
Association by post or submit the form personally at the Association premises.

Closing Date: 16-12-2001 (Sunday) at 2.00 pm sharp….

_Balloting Box Opening Date: 16-12-2001 (Sunday) at 2.00 pm sharp_.  (emphasis
added)

3 SSTA’s Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) was also scheduled for 16 December
2001. On 16 December 2001, there was no quorum for the AGM. In accordance with
SSTA’s rules, the AGM was postponed to 23 December 2001. After the
postponement of the AGM, the incumbent management committee gave the green
light for the ballot box to be opened. As has been mentioned, it was stated in
the voting instructions forwarded to SSTA’s members that the ballot box would
be opened on 16 December 2001. The votes were duly counted and Che formally
recorded the results of the election. It is the defendants’ case that apart
from Che, Gan was also present when the ballot box was opened and the votes
were counted.

4 308 of SSTA’s members voted in the said election. The top candidate obtained
271 votes while the candidate who secured the last seat on the management
committee received 192 votes. Gan, Che and the incumbent chairman of the SSTA,
Mr Seet Toh Chi Heng (“Seet”), failed to secure a seat on the management
committee. Gan received less than 61 votes while Seet and Che obtained 70
votes and 80 votes respectively.

5 Gan sought legal advice. On 20 December 2001, four days after the votes were
counted, his solicitors, Alfred Tan & Co, wrote a letter to the chairman and
secretary of the management committee. The first portion of this letter
contained the following incomplete sentence:

We understand that the Annual General Meeting of the Association will be
convened this Sunday, 23rd December 2001 and the election of the 21 members to
the Executive Council of the said Association

In essence, the rest of the letter merely complained that certain members of
the SSTA, who had stood for election, were not entitled to do so as they had
not paid their subscription fees for more than 3 months. Furthermore, it was
alleged that one Mr Tan Nam Soon (TNS), who is the secretary of the present
management committee, was not entitled to be a member of SSTA because he no
longer operates a school bus.

6 On 4 February 2002, the present management committee’s lawyers, Tay Lye &
Ngaw Partnership, replied to Alfred Tan & Co’s letter and denied that the
members referred to in his letter had not paid their subscriptions. It was
also pointed out that TNS was entitled to be a member of the SSTA.

7 Nothing further was heard from Gan’s solicitors until 5 November 2002,
almost one year after the election of the present management committee on 16
December 2001. In this letter, Alfred Tan & Co asserted for the first time in
writing that the election was irregular because the ballot box was illegally
opened on 16 December 2001. On 22 November 2002, Tay Lye & Ngaw Partnership
replied and denied that the election of the management committee on 16
December 2001 was null and void. The letter made it clear that the decision to
open the ballot box was made by the previous management committee.

8 On 22 November 2002, Gan finally instituted the present action against the
defendants.

9 The defendants, who pointed out that they are presently serving the last few
months of their term of office of 24 months, contended that undue delay on
Gan’s part in challenging the legality of the election in December 2001 was
fatal to his application for a declaratory order. They added that in any case,
the election in December 2001 was not flawed. While the AGM had been
postponed, there was no reason to postpone the counting of votes, which had
been scheduled for 16 December 2001. The election exercise had been completed
and all that was required was the counting of votes. It was not intended that
the votes be counted during the AGM. Although item 7 of the AGM agenda was
“Election of office bearers for Year 2002, 2003”, this must be read in the
context of Rule 8 of SSTA’s Rules, which provides that the Ballot Scrutineers’
report on the ballot taken for the election of office bearers shall be tabled
at the AGM. As for members’ subscriptions, the defendants said that it had
become the practice of SSTA to allow members to pay their membership fees at
the end of the year or even later and this has never been an issue in previous
elections. The defendants rightly pointed out that Che, the secretary of the
previous committee and one of the complainants represented by Gan in this
action, was fully aware of this practice. They added that he should be the
last person to complain about this practice as he was the one who sent the
voting instructions and voting slips to people who, he now contends, should
not have voted or stood for election. He was present when the ballot box was
opened on 16 December 2001 and he dutifully observed the counting of votes and
recorded in his own handwriting the official results of the election which he
now says should be nullified. As for Gan, the defendants had alleged that he
was present when the ballot box was opened and during the counting of votes.
Gan denied this during cross-examination and claimed that he only knew that
the ballot box had been opened one or two days after the event. However, it
cannot be overlooked that in his three affidavits, he did not deny the
defendants’ assertion that he was present when the ballot box was opened and
during the counting of votes.

**Decision of the court**

10 In _Abdul Rahim v Ling How Doong & Ors_ [1994] 2 SLR 668, Warren LH Khoo J
pointed out that the rights of a member of an association of persons are
regulated by contract and where an election is not in order, a member’s right
is adversely affected. Thus, in appropriate cases, the courts have declared
elections for committee members of associations null and void on the ground of
irregularities in the election process. However, it must be borne in mind that
it has been reiterated on innumerable occasions that a declaratory judgment is
a discretionary remedy (see, for instance, the decision of the Court of Appeal
in _Salijah bte Ab Lateh v Mohd Irwan bin Abdullah_ [1996] 2 SLR 201) and
factors such as inordinate delay may deprive the claimant of a declaratory
judgment. In _The Declaratory Judgment,_ 3rd ed, edited by Lord Woolf and
Jeremy Woolf, the authors, while referring to some of the factors which may be
taken into account to determine whether the discretion ought to be exercised
in favour of the applicant, stated as follows at p 135:

This discretion is employed, as it was originally employed with regard to all
equitable remedies, primarily to do justice in the particular case before the
court. It is wide enough to allow the court to take into account most
objections and defences available in equitable proceedings.

11 In numerous cases, defences available in equitable proceedings were relied
upon for denying a plaintiff the declaration sought. For instance, in _Everett
v Griffiths_ [1924] 1 KB 941, McCardie J took into account the motives of the
claimant and in _Hogg v Scott_ [1949] KB 759, Cassels J assumed that undue
delay was another ground on which the claim in question could be dismissed. In
Malaysia, the question of undue delay as a ground for refusing to grant a
declaration or an injunction has been considered on several occasions. For
instance, in _Periasamy s/o Karuppan & Ors v National Union of Plantation
Workers & Ors_ [1975] 2 MLJ 108, one of the reasons for dismissing an
application by members of a trade union, the National Union of Plantation
Workers, for an injunction to restrain officials of the said union from taking
or holding or remaining in office as executive council members on the ground
that they had not been validly elected was that there had been inordinate
delay on the plaintiffs’ part. This was because the application to challenge
the validity of the election in question was instituted more than 2 years
after the union officials had been elected.

12 Gan relied on the decision of Buttrose J in _Bernard Leow Kim Hoon v
Malayan Airways/Qantas Airways Local Employees Union & Ors_ [1967] 1 MLJ 60.
In that case, where votes for office bearers of a trade union were cast by
members who were disqualified from voting, the election of the said office
bearers was nullified. However, it must be noted that in that case, the
plaintiff had acted swiftly to challenge the results of the election in
question. On 13th April 1966, less than one week after the election of the
office bearers, the plaintiff had obtained an interim injunction to restrain
the said office bearers from taking office as members of the executive
committee of the union and on 18th April 1966, the plaintiff’s application for
the interim injunction to remain in force until the trial of the action or
until further order was heard by Buttrose J.

13 The circumstances in the present case are very different from those in
_Bernard Leow Kim Hoon v Malayan Airways/Qantas Airways Local Employees Union
& Ors._ While the plaintiff in that case instituted legal proceedings within
one week of the election, Gan instituted his action to nullify the election of
SSTA’s management committee almost one year after the election results were
announced on 16 December 2001. It ought to be noted that as the present
committee members were elected for a term of two years in December 2001, a new
election is due in four months’ time. The management committee is currently
serving the 20th month of its term of office of 24 months. The defendants’
counsel, Mr Raymond Lye, rightly pointed out that the management committee has
made innumerable decisions and entered into many bargains where positions of
the contracting parties have been irretrievably altered. He added that if the
election of 16 December 2001 is nullified at this late stage of the management
committee’s term of office, there would be immeasurable difficulty for SSTA,
which represents 700 members, who serve thousands of students in Singapore.

14 Gan’s failure to furnish a satisfactory explanation for his inordinate
delay in instituting an action to challenge the validity of the election of 16
December 2001 undermined his case. As he had consulted his solicitors about
the elections by 20 December 2001, he had no excuse whatsoever for instituting
this action in November 2002. After taking all circumstances into account,
including Gan’s inordinate delay in instituting this action, I dismiss his
application for a declaratory order that the election of members of SSTA’s
management committee on 16 December 2001 is null and void. In view of this,
the question of restraining the 2nd to 22nd defendants from acting or holding
themselves out as members of SSTA’s management committee does not arise.

15 The defendants are entitled to costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Aug 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

