Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Beng Tiong Trading, Import and Export (1988) Pte Ltd v Maria Janda Achmad
Bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil alias Maria and Others  
[2003] SGHC 232

Case Number | : | Suit 1255/1996  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Dawn Tan Ly-Ru AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  George Lim Teong Jin (Wee, Tay & Lim) for the applicants (1st, 9th, 10th & 12th defendants); Stanley Wong Hoong Hooi (Jing Quee & Chin Joo) for the plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  Beng Tiong Trading, Import and Export (1988) Pte Ltd — Maria Janda Achmad Bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil alias Maria; Abd Rahim bin Awad bin Achmad Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil alias abd. Rahim Awad Wachdin; Abd. Rachman bin Ali bin Achmad Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil alias Abd. Rachman ali Wachdin; Salim bin Hasan bin Achmad Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil alias Salim Hasan W; Ishak Bin Saad Bin Achmad Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil alias Ishak Wachdin Be; Quresh bin Muchsin bin Achmad Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil alias Quraisj Wahidin S.H. alias Quresh Muchsin Wachdin; Abubakar bin Achmad bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil alias Abubakar Wahdin; Abd Azis bin Achmad bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil alias abd. Aziz Wahdin; Wachin bin Achmad bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil alias Dr. H. Wachdin Achman; Harith bin Achmad bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil alias Harits Ahmad Wahdin; Abd. Malik Muhammad Wachdin alias H. Abdul Malik Dr.; Futum binti Achmad bin Abdullah Wachdin Basharahil alias Futum; The Public Trustee of Singapore; Jak Alhadad & Co Pte Ltd   
  
1\. This was an application made by way of summons-in-chambers (number 600440
of 2003) (“SIC 600440 of 2003”) to set aside the order of court dated 19 July
1999 (“the order of court”), _inter alia_ , declaring that the plaintiffs were
entitled to the rights, interests, benefits and entitlements of the 1st, 2nd,
3rd, 5th, 6th, 9th, 10th and 12th defendants in the immovable properties
identified in an agreement dated 12 August 1993. The four named applicants
were the 1st, 9th, 10th and 12th defendants, and in this application they
prayed that the order of court be set aside to the extent that all references
to them in paragraphs 1, 2 and 5 thereof be deleted.

2\. I allowed the application and now give my reasons.

The background

3\. The facts are not in dispute, and are succinctly summarised in the
judgment of the Court of Appeal in related proceedings: see _Lee Siong Kee v
Beng Tiong Trading, Import and Export (1988) Pte Ltd_ [2000] 4 SLR 559. It is
thus proposed to restate only those facts that are directly relevant to the
application at hand.

4\. The four applicants are among the beneficiaries, numbering 14 in total, of
the estate of one Shaik Ahmad bin Adbullah Wachdin Basharahil, deceased, under
a will dated 3 September 1938. Shaik Ahmad passed away in 1953 and probate was
granted to one of the executors and trustees named in the will. By an order of
court dated 11 October 1976 in Originating Summons No 80 of 1976, the Public
Trustee was appointed sole trustee of the will, and the properties belonging
to the estate became vested in the Public Trustee. The properties continued to
be held by the Public Trustee as trustee of the trusts under the will until
they were subsequently sold with leave of court obtained in Originating
Summons No 1030 of 2000.

5\. Sometime in August 1993, the 1st to 12 defendants claiming to be the
beneficiaries of the estate entered into an agreement with the plaintiffs, by
which the 1st to 12th defendants consented to the sale of the properties to
the plaintiffs for the sum of $8.26m (“the beneficiaries agreement”). A draft
agreement for sale and purchase was annexed to the beneficiaries agreement,
which was titled “Consent to Sale of Properties by Private Treaty.” The 1st to
12th defendants also agreed to appoint one Syed Ali Redha Alsagoff and one
Robert Ng, or “such other persons as the competent Court, Singapore shall
decide” as trustees of the estate and upon such appointment in place of the
Public Trustee, to direct the trustees to ratify, confirm and execute the sale
agreement. In consideration, the beneficiaries received the total sum of
$240,000 (inclusive of a sum of $108,000 paid earlier through one Lee Siong
Kee) and a receipt for that amount in the name of the plaintiffs.

6\. The beneficiaries duly took out an application in Originating Summons No
489 of 1993 seeking an order to appoint Syed Ali and Robert Ng as trustees.
That application had been filed prior to the beneficiaries agreement, but it
appears that shortly after the beneficiaries agreement was signed, 11 of the
12 beneficiaries changed their minds and sought instead to repudiate it. The
application was also opposed by the Public Trustee on the ground that only 12
out of 14 beneficiaries under the will had signed the beneficiaries agreement.
The application was eventually abandoned or withdrawn sometime between
November 1993 and January 1994.

7\. In the event, an agreement for the sale of the properties by the estate to
the plaintiffs was never signed. In fact, at a meeting with some of the
beneficiaries in November 1993, the plaintiffs’ managing director, one Chiang
Siew Chee Maggie, was informed that the majority of the beneficiaries was
opposed to the sale of the properties to the plaintiffs.

8\. Relying on the beneficiaries agreement, the plaintiffs instituted the
present action against the beneficiaries claiming, _inter alia_ , the
following reliefs:

(a) specific performance of the beneficiaries agreement;

(b) a declaration that the plaintiffs were entitled to the rights, interests,
benefits and entitlements of the 1st to 12th defendants in the properties
under the will; and

(c) an order that the 13th defendant (the Public Trustee) as trustee of the
will, take such steps as are necessary in cognisance of the above and to vest
the rights, interests, benefits and entitlements to the properties of the 1st
to 12th defendants in the plaintiffs, including but not limited to the
execution of a Deed of Assent.

9\. A declaratory judgment in default of appearance was entered against eight
of the beneficiaries on 19 July 1999, _inter alia_ , declaring that the
plaintiffs were entitled to the rights, interests, benefits and entitlements
of the named defendants in the properties. It is this order of court that the
applicants sought to set aside, to the extent that references in various
paragraphs therein were made to them.

The law

10\. Order 13 rule 8 of the Rules of Court states:

The Court may, on such terms as it thinks just, set aside or vary any judgment
entered in pursuance of this Order.

Where a defendant wishes to defend the action notwithstanding the entry of a
regular judgment against him, he may apply under this provision to set aside
the judgment. It is also established that the application should be made as
promptly as possible, and must be supported by an affidavit stating facts
showing a defence on the merits and the reasons for allowing judgment to be
entered.

11\. Whether or not a defence on the merits is disclosed is the major
consideration, not as a rule of law but as a matter of common sense: there is
no point in setting aside a judgment if the defendant has no defence,
conversely, if the defendant can show merits, the court will not let judgment
pass on which there has been no proper adjudication. The unconditional
discretionary power of the court to set aside a default judgment is
unfettered, and in exercising its discretion the court does not only weigh the
evidence in support of the defence against the evidence in support of the
claim – it balances the strength of the putative defence against the
excusability of the defendant’s conduct in allowing judgment to go by default.
In this regard, it is incorrect to elevate into the status of a condition
precedent to relief the establishment of a satisfactory explanation for the
default. See _Alpine Bulk Transport Co Inc v Saudi Eagle Shipping Co, Inc; The
Saudi Eagle_ [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 221, CA, followed in the local cases of
_Abdul Gaffer v Chua Kwang Yong_ [1995] 1 SLR 484 and _Zulkifli Baharudin v
Koh Lam Son_ [2000] 2 SLR 233.

The application

12\. In their affidavit in support, the applicants did not seek to allege that
the judgment was irregular or otherwise bad. It is pertinent to note in this
connection that the 6th defendant had previously succeeded in setting aside
the order of court in summons-in-chambers 600275 of 2003 in so far as it
affected him, on the basis that the service of the writ was bad. The
plaintiffs’ appeal vide registrars’ appeal 600020 of 2003 was dismissed on 24
July 2003, and the 6th defendant is no longer bound by the order of court.

13\. The applicants relied upon the following substantive grounds. First, it
was argued that the appointment of Syed Ali and Robert Ng as trustees was a
condition precedent to the sale agreement, and as the appointment was never
made and the condition not fulfilled, the sale was null and void. Second, the
Court of Appeal in _Lee Siong Kee v Beng Tiong Trading, Import and Export
(1988) Pte Ltd_ (supra) stated that the proposed sale of the properties by the
estate to the plaintiffs was “fatally impinged.” Third, the court in that case
also noted that there had been a breach of s 35 of the Conveyancing and Law of
Property Act (Cap. 61) (“CLPA”), and the sale of the properties would not have
been sanctioned by the court as required by that section. Fourth, there was no
cause of action for which relief could be granted – contrary to the
plaintiffs’ contention, the beneficiaries agreement was not an agreement for
the conveyance of personal inheritance rights.

14\. By way of explanation, in addition, the applicants stated that the order
of court was never served on them and the same only came to their attention
sometime in 2001, in the course of the proceedings in OS No 1030 of 2000.
Moreover, they were innocent and poor country folk from Indonesia, were not
conversant in English, and did not appreciate the significance of the service
of the writ of summons on them.

15\. It will be convenient to deal with each of the substantive grounds before
reverting to the applicants’ stated reasons for allowing judgment in default
to be entered against them. Counsel for the applicants, Mr George Lim,
accepted that it was not sufficient for the applicants to show that they had
an “arguable” defence: they must go further and show that the defence had a
“real prospect of success” and “carried some degree of conviction.” See
_Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd v Measurex Corp Bhd_ [2002] 4 SLR 578,
applying _Alpine Bulk Transport_ (supra).

16\. First, the appointment of the two trustees named in the beneficiaries
agreement was a condition precedent to the sale of the properties. Counsel for
the plaintiffs, Mr Stanley Wong, did not dwell at length on this, but I
understood the plaintiffs’ position to be that the appointment of the private
trustees in place of the Public Trustee was merely a mechanism by which it was
envisaged the sale of the properties would be carried out. When the
beneficiaries decided to renege on their agreement with the plaintiffs, “the
course of action for putting into effect the intention of the parties failed
to materialise,” but the “primary purport” of the beneficiaries agreement
remained intact. (See the affidavit of Chiang Siew Chee Maggie filed on 14
August 2003 at paragraph 9.) That the appointment of the private trustees was
the means by which the sale would be effected finds some support in the
statement of the Court of Appeal in _Lee Siong Kee_ (supra) that unless the
application in OS No 489 of 1993 was allowed, “there would be no agreement for
the sale of the properties to the [plaintiffs] _as contemplated in the agency
agreement_.” (at paragraph 25) [Emphasis added.]

17\. A condition precedent by definition is an obligation upon which the whole
existence of the contract rests, and where a contract may be suspended until
the happening of a stated event, it is said to be subject to a condition
precedent. See the locus classicus _Aberfoyle Plantations Ltd v Cheng_ [1960]
MLJ 47, the holding of which has been applied in several local cases (see,
_eg_ , _Chiang Hong (Pte) Ltd v Ong Boon Pok Realty (Pte) Ltd_ [1987] 2 MLJ
37; reversing [1982] 1 MLJ 242). A plain reading of the beneficiaries
agreement, however, which also provided for the appointment of alternative
trustees (“such other persons as the competent Court, Singapore shall
decide”), did not support the applicants’ argument that the condition
precedent (if it was such) had failed where it was not shown that the
alternative was unworkable or had been exhausted. In short, it was not
entirely clear on a balance of probabilities that as framed this argument,
although not without merit, had a real prospect of success.

18\. Next, Mr Lim relied upon the pronouncement of the Court of Appeal that
the proposed sale of the properties was “fatally impinged.” This should be
considered with the contention that in any event, court sanction of the sale
as required by CLPA s 35 would not have been granted, because the plaintiffs
although willing to pay the sum of $8.26m for the properties were willing to
pay an additional sum of $4.64m to one Lee Siong Kee to procure the sale. The
words used by the Court of Appeal in _Lee Siong Kee_ must be read in context.
When the court arrived at the conclusion that the sale of the properties by
the estate to the plaintiffs could not proceed, it was on the basis that the
majority of the beneficiaries had had a change of heart as evidenced, _inter
alia_ , by the eventual withdrawal of OS No 489 of 1993. It was in that
particular context, together with various other developments, that the court
remarked: “These events _fatally impinged on_ the proposed sale of the
properties by the estate to [the plaintiffs].” (at paragraph 26) [Emphasis
added.] It was accepted that the remarks of the court that the proposed sale
was doomed to failure were _obiter_ since the beneficiaries agreement was not
before it, nonetheless, there was much force to Mr Lim’s submission that the
beneficiaries agreement, which formed the cause of action upon which the order
of court was based, was bad.

19\. More importantly, Mr Lim contended – and this went to the crux of the s
35 point – that there was no cause of action for which relief could be
granted. The beneficiaries agreement was for the sale of properties and not
the conveyance of personal inheritance rights. Mr Wong, on the other hand,
contended that by the beneficiaries agreement the 1st to 12th defendants had
intended and agreed to sell their inheritance rights in the estate to the
plaintiffs. Indeed, it was by demonstrating that a binding contract to convey
personal inheritance rights “survived” although the “selected course of
action” failed (affidavit of Chiang at paras 9-10) that the plaintiffs
obtained judgment, albeit in default. In any event, the Court of Appeal did
not decide whether the defendants were bound to convey their personal
inheritance rights to the plaintiffs, as that question was not submitted to it
for consideration.

20\. To the extent that the issue before the Court of Appeal was whether or
not in the circumstances Lee Siong Kee could have caused or procured the
conveyance of the legal title to the properties in the estate to the
plaintiffs, that contention is correct. The court could not, and did not,
determine the question whether the beneficiaries agreement was for the
conveyance of property or personal inheritance rights. It was clear that
pursuant to the agency agreement between Lee and the plaintiffs, the former
was to secure the execution by the estate of an agreement for the sale of the
properties to the plaintiffs by a certain date. Lee failed to do so, and hence
was not entitled to claim the sums under the agency agreement. But still less
does the order of court stand for the proposition that what was intended to be
and was conveyed, were personal inheritance rights. It was difficult to see
how a judgment obtained in default of appearance, upon which there had been no
proper adjudication and which was not based on the merits, or by consent,
could be said to be a recognition of the nature of the rights acquired by the
plaintiffs through the beneficiaries agreement. For completeness, Mr Wong in
the course of oral submissions stated that it was not clear that the
signatories to the beneficiaries agreement were second tier beneficiaries; if
indeed they were second tier beneficiaries, it would stand to reason that they
had sold their rights in the estate. I would only note that all the four
applicants in SIC 600440 of 2003 are original first tier beneficiaries.

21\. As against these considerations, the wording of the beneficiaries
agreement appears to support Mr Lim’s contention that the sale contemplated
was in respect of the properties belonging to the estate. There were also the
comments of the trial judge in _Lee Siong Kee_ , with which the Court of
Appeal concurred, to the effect that the proposed sale was for the sale of the
properties. Mr Wong’s submission that the court’s view that the sale was
“fatally impinged” related only to the impossibility of conveying the legal
title to the properties was unarguable, but it did not follow that the court
based its decision on the beneficiaries agreement _and_ endorsed the
plaintiffs’ reading of it. It would, however, stand to reason that the court,
by disallowing in part the plaintiffs’ counter claim for the amount of
$360,000 (paid to Lee) on the basis that the plaintiffs were estopped from
asserting that that sum had been paid on Lee’s account (when $240,000 of that
amount was the basis of the order of court), implicitly acknowledged that the
beneficiaries agreement was not wholly null and void. It was certainly not an
executory agreement, and $240,000 of the plaintiffs’ money had been paid to
and received by the defendants.

22\. Mr Lim submitted that since July 1999, the courts have consistently not
attached any weight to the order of court. This was plain from the judgment of
the Court of Appeal in _Lee Siong Kee_ (supra) and from the result in OS No
1030 of 2000, where the Public Trustee’s application to sell the properties
was allowed. By implication, it was said, the beneficaries agreement was not
enforceable. That conclusion did not necessarily follow. Mr Lim’s submission
presupposed and depended on a specific interpretation of the beneficiaries
agreement, but the purport of the agreement and the nature of the rights it
transferred, if any, is not a question upon which full adjudication on the
merits has taken place. As Mr Wong correctly stated, what is now at stake are
the proceeds of sale, and that question though not unrelated to the question
of the enforceability (or otherwise) of the beneficiaries agreement, is
separate and distinct from it. Mr Lim himself stated that this application was
taken out so that the applicants could claim their share of the proceeds.

23\. Turning to the applicants’ explanation for the default, it was somewhat
less than satisfactory. The applicants may well be poor and ignorant country
folk not conversant in the English language, but that did not explain why they
waited almost four years to challenge the order of court. Indeed, even on the
supposition that the default judgment came to their attention sometime in 2001
in the course of the proceedings in OS No 1030 of 2000, as was alleged by Mr
Lim, there was still no explanation why the present application was taken out
only this year. It was also unclear whether the applicants’ position was that
the writ was never served on them, or that they did not appreciate the
significance of the writ although it was served. In short, there was no
satisfactory explanation as to how it came about that the applicants found
themselves bound by a judgment regularly obtained and to which they now say
they could have set up a serious defence. This court was also entitled to take
cognisance of the defendants’ conduct. They were at least sufficiently astute
not only to go back on their agreement to appoint the private trustees, but
also to seek an order appointing four of them as trustees of the estate in
place of the Public Trustee in Originating Summons No 754 of 1994. That does
not appear to be conduct consistent with a state of ignorance or a lack of
savvy.

24\. The absence of good reasons or even excuses for allowing judgment to go
by default would entail a more rigorous examination of the merits of the
defence (see, _eg_ , _Singapore Gems Co v The Personal Representatives for
Akber Ali (dec’d)_ [1992] 2 SLR 254). However, I was mindful of the stricture
not to elevate into a condition precedent for relief the establishment of a
satisfactory explanation for the default. There was also the overriding and
general question, whether allowing the judgment in default to stand would
cause injustice based on all the facts and surrounding circumstances – and to
which the answer in the instant case was, arguably, in the affirmative.

25\. With that in mind, in conclusion, I was satisfied that the applicants had
discharged the burden in relation to each of the substantive grounds raised by
them. There was at least some degree of conviction and a real prospect of
success vis-à-vis the submissions that the subject of the beneficiaries
agreement was the sale of the properties and not inheritance rights, that CLPA
s 35 applied and the proposed sale would never have received court sanction,
that as a result the proposed sale was fatal, and that – possibly, the failure
of the mechanism provided for in the agreement (the appointment of the private
trustees) rendered the completion of the sale impossible. I therefore allowed
the application and set aside the order of court to the extent that references
in paragraphs 1, 2 and 5 therein are made to the applicants.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

