Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v K S  
[2003] SGHC 9

Case Number | : | CC 53/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 January 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Eddy Tham and Francis Ng (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Public Prosecutor.; Accused in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — K S   
  
1 The accused is a 47-year-old male Singaporean. He was charged and tried
before me for raping and outraging the modesty of his underaged step-daughter
(whose name is omitted in these grounds to protect her identity) on five
occasions between 1995 and 2002. The five charges he faced (marked A1 to A5)
read that he:

**1st Charge (A1):**

sometime in February 2002 at REDACTED, Singapore, did commit rape on one [AJE]
female/14 years old (D.O.B. 15.XX.1987) and [he had] thereby committed an
offence punishable under section 376(1) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

**2nd Charge (A2):**

sometime in January 2002 at REDACTED, Singapore, did commit rape on one [AJE]
female/14 years old (D.O.B. 15.XX.1987), and [he had] thereby committed an
offence punishable under section 376(1) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224

**3rd Charge (A3):**

sometime between October 2001 and November 2001, at REDACTED, Singapore, did
commit rape on one [AJE] female/13 years old (D.O.B. 15.XX.1987), to wit, by
having sexual intercourse with her without her consent whilst she was under
the age of 14 years, and he had thereby committed an offence punishable under
section 376(2) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224

**4th Charge (A4):**

sometime in 1996, at REDACTED, Singapore, did use criminal force on one [AJE]
female/8 years old (D.O.B. 15.XX.1987), intending or knowing it to be likely
to outrage her modesty, to wit, by pressing and rubbing your penis against her
buttocks and [he had] thereby committed an offence punishable under section
354 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

**5th Charge (A5)**

sometime in 1995, at REDACTED, Singapore, did use criminal force on one [AJE]
female/7 years old (D.O.B. 15.XX.1987), intending or knowing it to be likely
to outrage her modesty, to wit, by pushing your penis in between her buttocks
and [he had] thereby committed an offence punishable under section 354 of the
Penal Code, Chapter 224.

2 Three other charges against the accused relating to possession of obscene
video discs under the Films Act (Cap 107) were stood down pending the outcome
of the trial herein.

3 The accused claimed trial to all the charges. At the close of the case,
after considering all the evidence and arguments presented by the accused and
the prosecution, I convicted the accused on four charges (charges A1, A2, A3
and A5), acquitted him of the charge marked A4 and sentenced him to a total of
24 years’ imprisonment and 24 strokes of the cane. My grounds now follow.

4 The prosecution’s evidence was that the victim’s mother who is from the
Philippines married the accused on 7 September 1991. The woman had, through a
previous union, a daughter, the victim AJE. The child who was born on 15
REDACTED 1987 was 4 years old at that time and was being cared for by her
maternal grandparents in the Philippines.

5 Sometime in December 1993, the victim came to Singapore to stay with her
mother. At that time, the accused and his wife (the victim’s mother) were
residing at a flat at REDACTED, Singapore. Sometime in 1994 the family moved
to REDACTED, Singapore (AB Court). In 1995, the family moved yet again to a
rented flat located at REDACTED, Singapore (EF Central). The family moved
again to various rented flats owing to financial woes and last moved to a flat
at REDACTED (‘REDACTED Road flat’) in December 1999. The family comprised the
accused, his wife, the victim and two children – a boy who is 3 years younger
and a girl 4 years younger than the victim – born through the wedlock between
the accused and his wife. Shortly before the family came to live at the
REDACTED, the victim’s mother secured a job at a store in Woodlands.

6 The main evidence against the accused came from the victim and her mother.
Having been satisfied that the victim was of sufficient maturity and
understanding, I allowed her to testify under oath.

7 The testimony of the victim who is currently a secondary schoool student in
Singapore and 14 years of age at the time when this trial commenced was as
follows.

8 On 15 March 2002, during the school holidays, she confided in her mother for
the first time that the accused had been for over a period of time sexually
assaulting her. Following the disclosure, she and her mother went to the
Neighbourhood Police Post at about 8.00am on 16 March 2002 and lodged a report
of rape against the accused.

9 The victim’s narration of the events as regards the acts committed by the
accused could be summarised in the following sequence.

**A5 – The fifth charge allegedly committed sometime in 1995 at AB Court**

10 According to the victim that sometime in 1995, when she was in primary 1
and was staying at AB Court, there was an occasion when she entered the master
bedroom of the flat, the accused was seen emerging from the toilet after a
shower with a towel wrapped around his waist. Upon seeing her, he told her
that he needed her help with an exercise as his back was painful. The accused
then directed her to face the wall which she did. The accused then pulled the
victim’s hands and placed them against the wall above her head. When she asked
him what he was doing, he told her that he was trying to exercise as his back
ached much.

11 He then pulled her shorts and panties until they were below her knees.
Thereafter, he leaned towards her back. She could feel the lower part of his
body pressing against her buttocks. His hands were on her hips and she felt
something fleshy and bigger than a finger pressing in and out between her
buttocks. She felt a slight pain. The accused stopped his movements after a
while and pulled her panties and shorts up. This done, he pulled her by her
hands out of the bedroom and led her into the prayer room where he made her
promise not to tell anyone what he had done, warning her that something would
befall her grandparents if she did. He then made her promise before some Hindu
idols by raising her right hand.

12 The next day the accused was hospitalised. The victim’s mother having been
told by the victim that the accused did something to her, asked her what
happened the day before the accused was admitted to hospital. As the victim
was frightened to say much, she told her mother that the accused had pushed
against her back and that it was painful.

**A4 – The fourth charge allegedly committed sometime in 1996 at EF Central
flat**

13 The victim testified that sometime in 1996, after the family had shifted to
the EF Central flat, there was an occasion at night when she was at home with
the accused and her step-siblings. Her mother was not in the flat then. During
that time when she happened to be in the kitchen standing on a chair reaching
out for the cookie jar, she suddenly felt the accused behind her, holding her
hips. The accused kept pushing against her back and she felt something hard
pushing in between her buttocks. They were both fully clothed at that time. At
that juncture, her step-sister came into the kitchen and asked the accused
what he was doing, whereupon the accused stopped whatever he was doing. After
her step-sister had left the kitchen to watch television, the accused pulled
the victim by her hand and took her to the guest room. After closing the room
door, he asked her to help him with some exercise by leaning against the side
of the bed. The victim knelt on the floor with her upper body lying face down
on the bed with her palms on the bed. The accused then came from behind,
pulled her shorts and panties down and grabbed her hips. He then began pushing
his lower body against her back. She felt something hard and warm pushing in
between her buttocks. The accused stopped when the horn of the lorry belonging
to his sister’s husband sounded outside the window of the flat signifying that
her mother had returned. The accused quickly pulled her panties and shorts up
and instructed her not to mention the incident to anyone. As a result, she did
not relate the incident to anyone.

**A3 – The third charge allegedly committed sometime between October 2001 and
November 2001 at REDACTED.**

14 The victim claimed that after the family had shifted to the REDACTED,
sometime before the year-end school holidays in November 2001 she was alone at
home with the accused. Her siblings had yet to return from school. Presently,
the accused asked her to give him five minutes and to go to her bedroom. When
she refused, the accused told her that she gave him luck, as advised by a
Hindu priest, and accused her of being selfish. He then pulled her into the
bedroom and locked the door. Despite her struggles, the accused pushed her
backwards by her shoulders and pinned her down on her bed. The accused then
grabbed her wrists and removed her shorts and panties. She began to cry and
then felt ‘something hard and warm’ pushing into her vagina. She felt the
accused’s penis pushing in and out of her vagina and experienced sharp pains.
The accused then proceeded to suck her breasts and vagina before re-inserting
his penis into her vagina. After a while, the accused removed his penis and
ejaculated on her abdomen before leaving the room. She remained in her room
for sometime before going to the kitchen toilet to wash herself. She was aged
13 at the time of this incident.

**A2 – The second charge allegedly committed sometime in January 2002 at the
REDACTED**

15 The victim related another incident in January 2002 that occurred in the
afternoon after she had returned home from her National Cadet Corps
activities. Nobody was at home except she and the accused. After changing into
a T-shirt and shorts, she took a nap in her bedroom. She was suddenly awakened
by something heavy at the lower part of her body and pain at her vagina, which
felt like tearing of her skin. When she opened her eyes she saw the accused on
top of her. She realised that her shorts and underwear had been removed. She
screamed, struggled and punched the accused’s chest but he managed to pin her
hands against the bed. The accused tried to kiss her and continued to push his
penis into her vagina. The accused then sucked her breasts and pushed his
penis into her vagina again. After a while, he got up and left the room. She
then went to the kitchen toilet to wash herself. While she was at the toilet
she heard the accused say that he was going out and she should not tell anyone
what had happened. Fearful that the accused would enter the toilet, which
could not be locked from within she ran to her room and locked the door until
her step sister returned home before going to the kitchen toilet to wash
herself again. She was aged 14 at the time of this incident.

**A1 – The first charge allegedly committed sometime in February 2002 at the
REDACTED**

16 The victim testified that the last incident of rape occurred one evening
sometime between the first and second week of February 2002. She was at home
after school together with her step-sister and the accused. As she was taking
a nap in her bedroom, she was suddenly awakened by weight at the lower part of
her body. She awoke and found that it was the accused. Despite her struggles
to push him away, the accused still managed to grab both her wrists, pin them
to the bed and remove her shorts and underwear. The accused then used his
knees to part her thighs apart and pushed his penis in and out of her vagina.
She felt pain so she cried. The accused told her that he had done this to her
many times and she should not be afraid as she was still a virgin. He further
told her that he was not having sex with her. The accused later withdrew his
penis from her vagina and started ejaculating on her abdomen. He used a towel
to wipe away the semen but some of the semen spilled onto the foam mattress
covered by a cloth cover and a mattress protector on her bed. He then later
sucked and squeezed her breasts, as well as sucked her vagina. She finally
managed to break free of him and ran to the kitchen toilet. She realised that
it was dark outside and there was no one else at home. Consequently, she
stayed in the toilet until she heard her stepsiblings return home. She then
returned to her bedroom and locked herself inside. She subsequently heard the
accused leaving the flat. As he did, he stopped outside her bedroom window for
a while and told her not to tell her mother anything unless she wanted the
family to break up. After this incident, she eventually removed the mattress
protector from the mattress for washing and flipped the mattress over as she
did not want to sleep on the side on which the rape had taken place.

**Disclosure of details**

17 On 15 March 2002, she went to help her mother at the store in Woodlands.
That night at about 11.20pm, whilst they were walking back to their flat after
work, she told her mother that she had something to tell her. She then
hesitated and declined to proceed further. When her mother became persistent,
she finally revealed that the accused had been doing something to her. Her
mother questioned her further, whereupon she broke down and cried. Eventually
she narrated to her mother what the accused had done to her on the first week
of February 2002. Before she could elaborate, her mother’s handphone rang. It
was the accused who called her. Both of them quickly ended their conversation
and hurried home. Her mother told her to lock her bedroom door that night. She
told the victim that she would take her to the police station the next day to
lodge a report.

18 She said that apart from disclosing the acts of sexual assaults on her by
the accused to her mother, she had sometime in 1999 confided in her friend and
former classmate K about her being often molested by the accused when no one
was at home.

19 She added that throughout the times that she was being molested and raped
by the accused since about 1995, she did not mention them to her mother
because the accused had made her swear to God not to disclose the details to
anyone as otherwise something bad would befall her grandparents in the
Philippines. Another reason was that she did not want the family to break up
and was worried that her brother and sister would grow up without a father.

20 She said that she kept a red diary in which she recorded what the accused
had done to her over the years. These entries however were never specific
about what he had done except to say that the accused ‘do this’ (sic) to her.
She kept the diary in her own drawers where she used to keep her clothes.
However, in February 2002 she could not locate it. She asked her mother and
siblings about it but all of them said that they had not come across it. The
diary was missing.

21 When she was being cross-examined by the accused, he declared to her that
he happened to read her diary and the entries in it suggested that she was
having an affair with someone in June 2001. Her response was that she did not
have any affair with anyone. Her wistful reply to the allegation was: ‘Your
Honour, he’s trying to say ‘an affair’, can I please clarify this, that is, is
it wrong to write down about how you feel for somebody? Is it wrong to write
that? I am not having an affair, your honour, and he’s putting it that way
that I am having a boyfriend.’ (pages 260 and 261 of the NE).

22 In reply to a question by the court (see page 265) she said: ‘Sir, I meant
I did not have a boyfriend. What I meant was I did like a guy but it’s just
the feelings that I write (sic) down.’ She was emphatic that she never wrote
in her diary that she had an affair with anyone (see page 265, lines 9 to 15).

23 The police report made by her on 16 March 2002 read: ‘Sometime in January
or February, at REDACTED, I was raped by my father.’ When asked to explain why
she had mentioned that the rape took place in January or February, she said
that she was afraid at that time and found it hard to narrate everything then
(see page 248 to 249 of the NE).

24 Insofar as is material, the evidence of the victim’s mother was as follows.

25 She had been married to the accused for almost 12 years. The victim was her
daughter through her union with another man out of wedlock. The accused agreed
to adopt the victim as his daughter and consequently the victim who was then
only 4 years of age was told that the accused was her natural father.
According to the mother, the victim did not know prior to lodging the police
report on 16 March 2002 that the accused was not her real father.

26 After recounting how the victim came to live in Singapore when she was
about six years old and the accused’s job-hopping as well as his inability to
find employment for long periods, she mentioned that in 1995 the accused was
warded at Tan Tock Seng Hospital for back pain. They were then staying at AB
Court. On the day the accused was admitted to hospital, the victim told her
that she wondered whether the victim was to blame for not helping the accused
with his exercise the day before.

27 When questioned further about the exercise, her daughter told her that the
accused had ‘gone to her back and was rubbing and pushing up and down at her
buttock area.’ She also told her that she felt pain. She then decided to call
her husband at the hospital from home. Upon her asking him about the incident,
the accused denied doing anything to the victim. He just told her that he was
merely doing his exercise and perhaps what he did was too hard on the victim.
She did not pursue the matter further.

28 From AB Court, the family moved to EF Central in mid-1993. Since the
accused was unemployed most of the time, she decided to find a job to support
the family and started work as a part-time cleaner as well as a baby sitter
for households in the vicinity of Yishun.

29 Due to the family’s inability to meet rental payments, they had to move
residence several times. From AB Court, they moved to a 4-room flat at
REDACTED. From there, they shifted to a two-room flat at REDACTED. Next, they
went to live at REDACTED and thence in December 1999 finally to a three-room
flat at REDACTED.

30 Shortly before the family moved to REDACTED, she found a job with a store
at Woodlands. The victim sometimes came to help her out at the store. On 15
March 2002, she requested the victim to help her with her work at the store as
she was then having some back pain. The victim did not have to attend school
that day. In the event, both mother and daughter went to the store in the
morning and after it closed at about 11.00pm, they were given a ride by the
owner of the store to their flat.

31 At about 11.20pm as both of them were walking along the corridor along the
5th floor of their apartment block back to their unit located on the 4th
level, the victim said she had something to tell her. Having said it, the girl
became hesitant and told her that she would relate to her some other day as
there was not enough time.

32 Out of concern, she made her daughter sit on the staircase and asked her
what she wanted to talk about. Initially, her daughter refused to speak but
when she became persistent, her daughter eventually revealed to her that the
accused had done something to her. When asked for details, the victim told her
that at times, the accused had entered the victim’s bedroom whilst she was
asleep and lay on top of her and her panties had been pulled down.

33 Before the victim could narrate more, the accused called her through her
handphone. As a result, both rushed home. She wiped her daughter’s tears and
advised her to act as if everything was normal as they would be lodging a
report with the police the next day.

34 On 16 March 2002 at about 7.45am, she accompanied her daughter to the
Neighbourhood Police Post to lodge a report. Even at this time, she did not
learn the full details from her daughter as her daughter appeared embarassed
to tell her about the whole incident. Her daughter told her, however that she
did not relate the matter to her earlier because the accused had threatened
that the family might break up and that something bad would happen to her
grandparents in the Philippines if the victim were to disclose details of his
encounters with her.

35 After making the police report, she and her daughter did not return home.
They both went into hiding in her sister-in-law’s house in Singapore where her
two younger children were also staying. She later learnt that the accused had
been arrested. She added that she knew that her daughter kept a diary. Her
daughter informed her sometime in February 2002 that it was missing. They both
tried to look for it but could not find it.

36 The medical examination of the victim by Dr Roland Chieng on 18 March 2002
established that there were old tears at seven and eleven o’clock positions in
the victim’s hymenal ring. Dr Chieng testified that the term ‘old tears’ was
used by him to describe tears that were more than two weeks old. He confirmed
that his findings were consistent with there being penile penetration of the
victim’s vagina.

37 Dr Mohd Emran bin Mamat who examined the accused at the Changi Prison
Hospital on 22 March 2002 said that his finding was that the accused was not
impotent and at any rate the accused had related to him he had erection,
masturbated and ejaculated after viewing some pornographic clips on the
internet on 17 March 2002.

38 The flat in which the family was last living was raided. Amongst the seized
exhibits was a mattress covering. Analysis by the Health Sciences Authority
(HSA) revealed the presence of semen on it. According to Dr Jasmine Heng of
HSA that the semen found belonged to the accused. It should be remarked at
this stage that there were some unsatisfactory features in the certificate
produced in relation to the DNA analysis conducted by Dr Heng.

39 The prosecution as part of its evidence applied to introduce the evidence
of K to whom the victim reportedly confided in 1999 about her father’s
conduct. K was 11 years of age at the time of the alleged conversation. She
was born on 4 March 1988, a year younger than the victim and the complaint was
reportedly about incidents which happened four years prior to 1999. The
prosecution’s point was that K’s evidence was for the purposes of giving added
weight to the victim’s present allegations.

40 After hearing arguments from the learned DPP on this issue, I disallowed
the prosecution’s application. In my view, a complaint made by one child to
another child four years after the event did not seem to satisfy one of the
three conditions set out in decided cases and referred to in Cross & Tapper on
Evidence (8th Edn, pages 296 to 300). The three conditions are that the
statement should be spontaneous, that it is contemporaneous and it should
amount to a complaint. In my view, although a delayed complaint by itself
would not preclude it from being admitted in evidence, in the case at hand,
the victim’s statement to one of her friends, another child younger than her
in 1999, about 4 years after the incident, would add little value to her
testimony in court. On the contrary, its admission might well be regarded as a
misdirection particularly in view of the fact the accused was unrepresented.

41 The next aspect during the prosecution case related to the statements
recorded from the accused after his arrest on 19 March 2002. The accused
confirmed that the five statements recorded from him were made voluntarily
without any threat, inducement, promise or any form of oppression. As a
result, they were admitted in evidence and the material segments of the said
statements read as follows.

**(1) Exhibit P-32 – Cautioned statement recorded from the accused between
2.30pm and 3.52pm on 20 March 2002 (in respect of the first charge of rape)
allegedly committed in February 2002 (pages 116 to 118 of the preliminary
inquiry records):**

I refused to sign the above charge sheet due to the following statements.

The alleged offence on the early month of February 2002 at or about 8.00pm,
never happened.

At about 6.30pm on early month of Feb 2002, me and BKF were having some
friendly sparing and boxing each other.

Accidentally, I hit her left breast and she became wild and started punching
me seriously in the living area. She went back to her room, I followed behind
to apologise that this was an accident not on purpose.

She became very serious and started punching me and started to pull down the
mattress and kicking the double deck bed. I went to grip her and brought her
down to the floor and tell her to stop damaging the items there. She started
screaming and shouting at me.

I left the room to change my clothes to meet my other two children at the
playground. After changing my clothes, I went to her room, she was lying
underneath the bed and writing something in a book.

I apologised to her again knowing her temper and I left to meet my other two
children which I told her I were going to meet my children.

Me and my children came back around 8.30pm, and I saw her room that she had
put back all the mattresses in her original place. It seemed that everything
was as per normal.

A couple of days later, we were normal and on talking terms. Somewhere end of
February 2002, I noticed her diary on my youngest daughter’s drawer where her
clothes are kept.

I flipped through some pages and I read some interesting stories about her and
her friends.

On the incident that happened in my house about me and her fighting, on her
own handwriting, she mentioned in the diary that I tried to rape her and I
didn’t give in because I was strong enough to fight back.

On the early month of March 2002, I questioned her when she came back from
school whether she had any affair with anyone. She said no and started to cry.
So, I told her that if she did not have sex with anyone, she did not have to
cry.

A couple of days later, I tested her by telling that if she had not had sex
with anyone, would she like to go for medical check-up. She said ‘yes’.

In the evening I told her that we were going for her medical check-up, then,
she kept quiet and later on, she told me that she waited for mommy. I told her
if she wanted mommy to know, it was fine with me and to wait for her.

I told her that I was only trying to help her because she knows her mommy’s
character and there are many things she told me and not to tell mommy.

When her mommy came back, she did not mention anything and just kept quiet.
That’s All!

I wish to further add that I never had any sex with her at any time. That’s
All!

**(2) Exhibit P-30 – Segments of statement recorded from the accused between
11.15am and 12.40pm on 25 March 2002 (pages 95 and 98 of the preliminary
inquiry records).**

13\. Between Jan to Feb 1995, I remembered carrying and playing with my
stepdaughter inside our room. At the time, she was 7 years old and I
remembered my sister, Letchmi was at home. I wish to state that she was
working permanent night shift as a quality inspector in a factory till today.

14\. While I was playing with my daughter, my sister was inside her own room.
I did not know whether she was sleeping or otherwise at the time. But I
confirmed our bedroom door was open at the time. As I suddenly felt pain at my
back, I dropped on the build in bed first and then on the floor. Fortunately,
BKF just landed at the edge of the built in bed.

15\. After I fell on the floor, it took me sometime to get on my feet. I felt
cramped at my back. As a result, BKF helped to pull me up from my left side.
As she did not have the strength, she was unable to pull me up. I then tried
to pull myself up onto the bed. When I felt pain, I suddenly fell face down
onto BKF on on the bed.

16\. I then turned around to face the ceiling after falling face down on the
bed. I remembered BKF left the room after asking me whether I was aright. She
did ask me whether I wanted her to massage my back. However, I told her that
it was not necessary and that I would just lie on the bed to rest.

**(3) Exhibit P-30A – Segment of statement recorded from the accused between
3.00pm and 5.38pm on 25 March 2002 (pages 99 to 109 of the preliminary inquiry
records)**

I wish to further state that after I was warded to Tan Tock Seng Hospital
either on January or February 1995, the doctor diagnosed me to have a back
pain. However, they suspected that I was could also suffer from slip discs. I
remembered being warded at the said hospital for about 4 to 5 days before
being discharged.

2\. When the doctor asked me what exactly happened to me, I related to him the
incident that I had slipped and landed on my buttock about 4 to 5 days before
I played with BKF the day before. I remember telling him that the incident
took place either at a market place or my residence’s staircase.

3\. After two days later, my wife came to visit me at the hospital. She
confronted me what had happened whilst I was in the room with BKF when she was
not around the day before I got warded. I told my wife that there was an
accident and I had dropped on her while she was sitting at the edge of the
bed.

4\. My wife was not convinced and asked me again whether I was sure that I did
not do anything to BKF that day. I told her that if I were to do anything to
BKF, I would not have told BKF not to tell anybody. Moreover, when BKF visited
me at the hospital with the rest of my family, she was normal and friendly.
There was no adverse behaviour on her part.

5\. When I got discharged and returned home, I asked BKF why her mother asked
me about that day’s incident while we were playing in the bedroom. BKF told me
that she thought it was her fault that I ended in the hospital. When I asked
her why, she took the blame because I was carrying and playing with her and
that was why I admitted to the hospital.

35\. In Jan and Feb 2002, I did not remember having sex, raped or molested
BKF. There were a few occasions that we fought playfully and seriously in the
hall, on the floor, on the bed and kitchen area. I remembered having bodily
contact and rolling on the floor with BKF. Whenever she was in pain, she would
scream and the fighting eventually became serious.

36\. Sometime in end Feb 2002, I saw BKF’s diary in my younger daughter’s
drawer. I happened to look for her face towel in the said drawer and
subsequently came across the diary. I left it there first and just took a face
towel to give to my youngest daughter who was going for her dancing class that
day. I did ask my youngest daughter whether the diary was hers. She told me it
was BKF’s.

37\. Thereafter, I went to retrieve BKF’s diary from the drawer and began to
read it. I wish to state that BKF’s diary is pinkish red and I could not
recall whether the pages are numbered. I knew it was BKF’s diary because after
reading the diary, it talked about her family, friends and herself.

38\. When I read the diary halfway through, she had written something in
pencil. The heading read – "I hate him". Below it, BKF mentioned that she had
a big fight with me. She also wrote that I wanted to rape her. Again, she
expressed great hatred towards me – "I hate him". I remembered it said – "He
could not do it because I was strong enough to stop him". She further wrote "I
hate him …. hate him …. hate him …. hate him". Overall, it appeared that BKF
was expressing herself of showing her hatred towards me.

39\. After reading it, I then decided to keep the diary on top of my wife’s
wardrobe without anyone’s knowledge. When I read BKF’s diary, there was nobody
at home at the time. When BKF came back from school, I told her that I was
going out. I did not mention anything about her diary. I have no idea whether
she was looking for her diary after I left the unit that day. She also never
asked whether I had seen her diary.

40\. In early March 2002, she came back from school and I asked her whether
she had an affair or sex with anyone. BKF cried and replied in a negative to
my question. I then assured her that if she did not do anything wrong, she
should not be crying. A couple of days later, I asked her the same question
again. Again, she replied in a negative to my question.

41\. I then told her to go for a medical check-up if we wanted to clear any
doubts. I remembered her answering me in a sarcastic manner that she was
alright with it. I then told her that we would be going for the medical check
up that evening. Thereafter, we went about in doing our own work.

42\. Later at about 6.00pm plus, I told her to change as we were going for a
medical check up. However, BKF just kept quiet without acknowledging me. I
asked her two or three times to get change. Still, there was no response from
her. I then accused her of being a liar and that she had done something bad to
herself.

43\. At that juncture, BKF asked me how I knew that she had done something
wrong. We then ensued in an argument that evening. Despite the fact, I did not
response (sic) to her question. Instead, I told her that in order to proof
that she had never had sex with anyone, let us go for a medical check-up. She
just kept quiet.

44\. A while later, I returned to her bedroom and she told me to wait for her
mother instead. I then told her that I was simply trying to help her by
answering the truth to me. Since she wanted her mother to be involved, I had
no dispute about it. However, I told her that she needed to face the
consequence if the medical check up turned out positive that she had sex
before. I then just walked away.

45\. When my wife came back home that evening. BKF did not mention it to her
mother. I also did not bring up the matter to her either. Later in the
evening, I told my wife that her daughter’s behaviour had changed. I realized
that BKF was no more the playful type of sister to her younger stepsiblings.

46\. When my wife asked me what made me said such a thing about BKF, I told
her that eversince BKF came back from Philippine, she had changed
tremendously. Nowadays, she was more on the handphone or chit-chatting on the
internet. I also warned my wife that BKF might end up smoking one day.

47\. After giving some thoughts, my wife suggested that we sent BKF back to
Philippine. However, I suggested that we gave BKF a grace allowance period for
her to change her behaviour before deciding on sending her back to Philippine.
I just did not want to waste the time and effort that we had gone through to
have her come and stay with us in Singapore.

48\. About 2 days later, I retrieved the diary from the wardrobe and put it
inside an envelope. I then scotch-taped it up and brought along with me with
the intention to give it to a friend of mine for safekeeping. I did not have
any friend in mind at the point of time. However, I change my mind.

49\. I feared that whoever that I entrusted the diary to might open and read
it. Thus, exposing BKF’s stupidity that she wrote in her diary. I then brought
it back to the unit and kept it on top of the wardrobe. I wish to state that I
had already removed the envelope and threw it away.

50\. The reason why I kept the said diary from BKF was because she had
mentioned about matter of love on first sight. I also wanted to learn the
truth about what she had written in her diary. I wish to state that I could
lead the investigation officer (Recorder’s note refers – SIO Suzana Sajari) to
my unit to trace the diary that I had kept it hidden from my stepdaughter.

**(4) Exhibit P-31 – Segments of statement recorded from the accused between
3.10pm and 5.10pm on 27 March 2002 (pages 110 to 112 of the preliminary
inquiry notes)**

1\. I wish to further state that I have requested the investigation officer
(Recorder’s note refers – SIO Suzana Sajari) to record my statement in English
as I am able to converse and understand English language well. I declined to
have any interpreter to assist me in the course of recording this statement.

2\. On 26 March 2002 morning, I was taken out of the lock up and subsequently
escorted to my place at REDACTED by the investigation officer and two of her
male colleagues (Recorder’s note refers – Insp Laurence Rajoo and SS/Sgt Saw
Chong Teng).

3\. Upon arriving at my unit, we were met by my wife (Recorder’s note refers –
Witness namely JFD) who happened to be at home. As I had told the
investigation officer that I had placed my stepdaughter’s (Recorder’s note
refers – Victim namely BKF) diary on top of my wife’s wardrobe.

4\. The investigation officer directed me to lead her to the place that I had
placed my stepdaughter’s diary. This, I had related to her in my previous
statement recorded on 25 March 2002. Upon entering the master bedroom, I was
unable to locate the diary that I had earlier placed on top of my wife’s beige
wardrobe.

5\. I tried to look for it but the diary was not there. As such, I was unable
to produce the said diary as evidence for my defence, that my stepdaughter had
written adversely about me stating I did not succeed to rape her. This
statement was mentioned in my statement (Recorder’s note refers – 122(6) dated
20 March 2002.

**(5) Exhibit P-36 – Cautioned statement recorded from the accused between
11.40am and 12 noon on 30 August 2002 in respect of the 5th charge of
outraging modesty allegedly committed sometime in 1995 (page 146 of the
preliminary inquiry notes)**

I do not agree that I went on top of her, when I carried. This incident
happened because I got this back pain and that was how I dropped her and I
went on top of her. But never on her back or pushing my penis in between her
buttock. And later on, I could not walk or sit. Later in the evening, I was
admitted to the hospital for my back problem.

**Close of prosecution**

42 At the close of the prosecution’s case, the accused submitted that the
prosecution had failed to make out a prima facie case against him. Contending
that except for some circumstantial and hearsay evidence, the prosecution did
not produce anything concrete to substantiate the charges brought against him,
he urged the court to dismiss the prosecution’s case.

43 The DPP in submission said that the evidence of the victim was direct
testimony to the charges brought against the accused. He submitted that the
victim’s testimony considered together with the evidence of other prosecution
witnesses particularly the mother of the accused and the explanation offered
by the victim as to why she did not come up with a complaint earlier owing to
the threats of the accused, indeed had made out a case against him. He urged
the court to call for the defence of the accused on all the five charges.

**Standard allocution**

44 Having considered all the evidence adduced by the prosecution and the
submissions made, I found that the prosecution had indeed made out a case
against the accused on all the charges on which he was being tried, which if
unrebutted would warrant his conviction. I therefore called upon the accused
to enter his defence. The courses open to him were explained and he elected to
give evidence from the witness box.

**Defence of the accused**

45 Insofar as is material, the evidence of the accused in his defence can be
summarised as follows.

46 He was born on 28 August 1955. He married the victim’s mother on 7
September 1991. He has two children, a boy now aged 11 and a girl presently 10
through their union. The victim is his step-daughter. His schooling did not go
beyond primary 6. He is an unarmed combat instructor by training.

47 Dealing with the three rape charges (charge A1 – allegedly committed in
February 2002, charge A2 – allegedly committed in January 2002 and charge A3 –
allegedly committed sometime between October and November 2001), he said he
did not commit any of them. He then started narrating the events that happened
on 8 February 2002 in relation to the first charge (A1).

48 On 8 February 2002 at about 6.30pm, he and the victim were having casual
contact through sparring which they both used to do previously. She was then
wearing jogging pants. And all of a sudden, he accidentally hit the victim on
her left breast. Then the whole incident became somewhat wild. The victim
started punching him and yelling. She then retreated into her room.

49 He wanted to apologise to her but before he entered her room to do so he
heard some sounds from inside her room. All the same, he went into her room
and apologised to her but she could not be appeased. She was screaming and was
seen pushing and kicking the bed. She also pulled the mattress out of the bed
in the process. He tried to pacify her by gripping her and eventually pinning
her on the floor of the room. In cross-examination he elaborated that he also
arm-locked the neck of the victim, brought her down to the floor with one hand
gripping her chin tightly with part of his body pressing the victim down. He
let go of her only after she stopped screaming (pages 609 to 615 of the NE).

50 Later, he returned to his room to change and left the flat after telling
her that he was going downstairs to pick up his other children who were at
that time at the playground at the opposite block of flats.

51 While the commotion was taking place, there was no one else in the flat
except for him and his step-daughter. He noticed that she was lying under the
bed in her room. The mattress which used to be on top of the bedroom was not
in its place. He also noticed that she was writing something on a book.
Subsequently however, when he returned to the flat at about 8.30pm with his
two younger children, all seemed to be normal and the mattress was back in its
place. According to him, everything returned to normal in a couple of days. He
added that in fact prior to his arrest on 12 or 13 of March 2002, he, the
victim and his other two children went out for swimming at the Swimming Pool.

52 Dealing with the second and third charges, (A2 – rape allegedly committed
in January 2002 and A3 – rape allegedly committed between October and November
2001), he said that did not have anything to say in relation to them because
the said incidents never took place.

53 As regards the fourth charge, (A4 – outraging modesty charge allegedly
committed sometime in 1996), he averred that no such incident happened as
alleged by his stepdaughter.

54 Dealing with the fifth charge (A5 – outraging modesty charge allegedly
committed sometime in 1995), he said that in 1995, the victim was still young
and he could recall playing with her and carrying her one afternoon. At that
time, his elder sister G,was in the flat in her room. He was not sure whether
his sister was sleeping at that time but in any event the door to her room was
not closed or locked. He mentioned that previously he had once slipped and
fallen on his back but he did not then take the fall seriously. But that
afternoon when he was playing with the complainant, he suddenly felt pain
whilst carrying her and as a result he fell together with her.

55 He was on the floor and his step-daughter happened to land on the edge of
the bed in the master bedroom. In fact, his step-daughter fell on the mattress
and did not hit any hard object.

56 It was the first time he felt the pain so severely. It took a while for him
to recover. He tried to get up from the floor with the help of his step-
daughter but she could not do much as she was too young.

57 Eventually, as he stood up, he happened to fall again on his step daughter
who was then sitting on the edge of the bed. He then turned around and just
lay flat and his step-daughter later left the room. At that stage he told her
to open the master bedroom toilet door.

58 He further averred that there was no such incident of him lowering the
victim’s panties, or that he made her face the wall or went behind her as
alleged.

59 He added that sometime in the month of March 1995, he was admitted to Tan
Tock Seng Hospital. In relation to this incident, he told the court that in
one of his statements to the investigating officer he had said that he was
admitted to hospital in January or February 1995. But in fact he was admitted
on the day following the incident. Whilst he was in hospital, his wife visited
him. She asked him what had happened the day before at home. He told her
exactly what had happened and informed her that he was only playing with the
victim. He did not however give his wife the full story; he merely told her
that he was playing with the victim, fell and a result sustained the back
problem.

60 When his wife asked him what he was trying to do to the victim, he replied:
‘If I wanted to do something to her, I would have told [the victim] not to
tell anybody.’ He then told the court at this juncture that in his statement
to the investigating officer he had mistakenly said: ‘I would not have told
[the victim] not to tell anybody.’ However, later in cross-examination, he
asserted that the error in the inclusion of the word ‘not’ in his statement
was that of the investigating officer and not his (see page 552 of the NE).

61 He averred that in the event, everything became normal and in the evening
when the victim and his two children visited him in the hospital, there was no
adverse reaction from the victim and they reacted normally.

62 In effect, he denied any wrongdoing to the victim at anytime. He claimed
that the allegations against him were false and unfounded.

**Final submissions**

63 At the close of the case, the accused submitted that the prosecution had
not proven its case beyond a reasonable doubt. His submission insofar as is
material was as follows.

64 He first dealt with the fourth charge of outraging modesty said to have
been committed in 1996 at EF Central. He contended that there was no such
incident. He exclaimed rhetorically what could have been the height of the 8
year-old girl. He questioned the reliability of the victim’s evidence since
the event was supposed to have happened six years ago.

65 In relation to the 5th charge of outraging modesty said to have been
committed in 1995 at AB Court, he submitted that the victim was only 7½ years
of age at that time and as such the court should not attach any credence to
it. He contended that what the victim had told his wife about the incident was
different from what the victim had reportedly told her friend K. He contended
that there was no corroboration to the claims of the victim in relation to the
incident.

66 He further contended that the victim’s statement to the doctor who examined
her did not seem to support the evidence she adduced in court. As regards the
medical report where it was stated that the doctor found tears in her hymenal
ring, he claimed that he had never heard of the word ‘hymen’ before he was
charged. He came to know what it was only after he had consulted a few inmates
whilst in remand.

67 Touching upon the first charge of rape said to have been committed in
February 2002, he said that the victim in giving evidence elaborated that she
finally managed to break free from him, ran quickly and locked herself in the
kitchen toilet. According to him, it would be difficult to imagine a 15 year-
old girl running semi-naked at home.

68 He submitted: ‘I do admit we have struggles (sic), dropping, fighting.
[But] there was never any such incident as rape.’ (see page 757, lines 1 to
4).

69 Dealing with the three charges of rape (A1, A2 and A3) preferred against
him, he said they never happened. His contention in this regard (as appears at
pages 757, lines 22 to 26 and pages 758 and 759 of the NE) reads as follows:

… All these three alleged incidents your Honour, the 1st, 2nd and 3rd charge,
she’s 14 and 15 years old in the year 2001 and 2002. There was never mentioned
anything about threat or warning her or bringing her to the Hindu idols to
swear. Never mentioned anything about this in the victim’s statement. She was
young enough to know. She could have a bad experience or trauma if such
alleged incident were to take place. She could have confide this to her
mother. Or even the extremely close relationship she had with her grandparents
in the Philippines in the month of December. She don’t have to scared of
anybody. She could have easily relate the incident to her grandparents. She
never mentioned anything because there was no such incidents happened. Even
right up to the end of February, we were still in a normal good terms. All
this thing happened just because I found the diary. When I start questioning
her --- now, I may not be very intelligent person to question her. But as a
father, I have my ways. Everybody have their own ways of questioning their
daughters based on their relationship.

His Honour: But the diary stated you tried to rape her.

Accused: Yes, your Honour.

His Honour: According to you.

Accused: Yes, your Honour.

His Honour: Weren’t you offended by it? "What is all this?" Instead you’re
asking her to go for medical examination.

Accused: Your Honour, when I flipped through the pages, ---

His Honour: This is what you say.

Accused: Yes, your Honour.

His Honour: We don’t have the diary. According to your statement, you found
the diary in which she mentioned that you tried to rape her.

Accused: That’s right, your Honour.

His Honour: But, instead, you’re asking her to go for medical examination.

Accused: As I said, your Honour, why I asked her this is because there are
more disturbing stories in the diary than rather this because this didn’t take
place. So I rather asked her something which, you know, ---

His Honour: Is it more serious and sinister than an allegation of rape? Or she
is mentioning in the diary that she loves someone, or "I gave in."

Accused: Allegation – yes, your Honour, there’s more seriousness. But when I
read the other stories, I questioned her that first, ---

His Honour: But you didn’t confront her about her allegation of rape against
you?

Accused: No, I did not ask that first, I only asked about this allegation
about what she wrote.

His Honour: Yes, all right.

70 He concluded his submission by saying that he was at a loss for words in
relation to the allegations made against him. He said he did not rape his
step-daughter and all the evidence against him was merely hearsay.

71 The entire theme in the submission of the accused was that the evidence
profferred against him was hearsay and that there was, to borrow his words,
‘no concrete evidence’ to support the claims of his step-daughter.

72 The closing submission of the prosecution need not be repeated at length
here. Suffice it if I said that it was submitted by the prosecution that the
evidence of the victim taken together with the evidence of her mother and
other prosecution witnesses was cogent, convincing and compelling against the
accused. It was further submitted by the prosecution that on the totality of
the available evidence, it had amply discharged its onus in proving all the
charges against the accused beyond a reasonable doubt and that the defence of
the accused bordered on the fanciful and bizarre.

**Conclusion**

73 It should be stated at the outset that the offences the accused faced at
this trial could be divided into two groups as they straddled two different
time frames. The first group comprised the outraging of modesty charges
(charges A5 and A4), said to have been committed in 1995 and 1996 when the
victim was about 7 or 8 years of age. The second group comprised the rape
charges (charges A3, A2 and A1) said to have been committed in the years 2001
and 2002.

74 In evaluating the evidence adduced at this trial the court was particularly
mindful of the principles enunciated and the guidelines laid down in some
leading cases from Singapore as well as in other common law jurisdictions.

75 In this regard, first of all, it would be instructive to recall an old
dictum that the desirability for corroboration of the evidence of a
prosecutrix in rape and cases involving sexual offences springs not from the
nature of the witness but from the very nature of the offence (see Din v
Public Prosecutor (1964) 30 MLJ 300 at 301 per Thomson LJ).

76 Equally well-established is the principle that the rule requiring
corroboration is one of prudence and practice rather than law. In Chiu Nang
Hong v Public Prosecutor (1965) 31 MLJ 40, the Judicial Committee of the Privy
Council in an appeal from the Federation of Malaya (1963) 29 MLJ 119 (CA) held
at page 43 that in a case where the trial judge had in mind the risk of
convicting without corroboration but nevertheless decided to do so because he
was convinced of the truth of the complainant’s evidence, the judge ought to
make it clear that he had the risk in question in his mind but nevertheless
was convinced by evidence even though uncorroborated, that the case against
the accused had been established beyond any reasonable doubt.

77 The position in English law does not appear to be different. The authors of
Halsbury’s Laws of England (4th Edn, Vol 11(2)) at para 1142 say:

In cases of rape and other sexual offences, the jury may convict upon the
uncorroborated evidence of the alleged victim, but the trial judge must warn
the jury that it is dangerous to do so. The jury should be told that the
reason for the warning is that such complaints are easy to make and difficult
to refute, and that false complaints are made for all sorts of reasons, and
sometimes for no reason at all. …

78 In relation to the evidence of children who are the alleged victims in a
sexual offence case, there is yet another legal principle which exhorts that
the evidence of a child must be regarded with suspicion. In this context the
Federation of Malaya Court of Appeal in Chao Chong v Public Prosecutor (1960)
26 MLJ 238 at 240, reaffirmed Lord Goddard’s advice in Mohamed Sugal Esa
Mamasan Rer Alalah v The King AIR 1946 PC 3, 6 where he said:

It is a sound rule in practice not to act on the uncorroborated evidence of a
child, whether sworn or unsworn, but this is a rule of prudence and not of
law.

79 In a case from the Indian subcontinent, State of Kerala v K Govindan (1969)
Cr LJ 818 at 821, the High Court of Kerala observed:

… … the legal position is this. There is no rule of law or of practice which
makes it obligatory that the evidence of the prosecutrix should be
corroborated before a conviction for rape could be entered. The only rule that
demands corroboration in such a case is a rule of prudence; and even this rule
of prudence hardened into a rule only because decided cases had a tendency to
treat the victim of a rape (of any sexual or unnatural offence, for that
matter) as an accomplice, which, in several case, the victim is not. And what
this rule of prudence requires is that this should be present to the mind of
the judge. If, in the circumstances of a particular case, the judge thinks
that he can dispense with corroboration and the uncorroborated testimony of
the victim can be safely believed, even this rule of prudence may be dispensed
with. And merely for the reason that there is no corroboration for the
evidence of the victim of an outrageous act, such evidence should not be
rejected, if it appears from the circumstances that the victim is speaking the
truth. Otherwise, many a crime of such nature can never be brought to justice.

80 The law in Singapore is re-stated by Yong Pung How CJ first in Tang Kin
Seng v Public Prosecutor [1997] 1 SLR 46. After reviewing a large body of
learning and decided cases, Yong Pung How CJ commented at page 58:

… In Singapore, there is no jury trial. There is no legal requirement that a
judge must warn himself expressly of the danger of convicting on the
uncorroborated evidence of a complainant in a case involving sexual offences.
There is, however, authority to the effect that it is dangerous to convict on
the words of the complainant alone unless her evidence is unusually
compelling. There is therefore no reason for the courts here to be bogged down
by legal technicalities as to whether or not there is corroboration and what
is or is not, legally speaking, corroboration.

… In my view, the right approach is to analyse the evidence for the
prosecution and for the defence, and decide whether the complainant’s evidence
is so reliable that a conviction based solely on it is not unsafe. If it is
not, it is necessary to identify which aspect of it is not so convincing and
for which supporting evidence is required or desired. In assessing the
supporting evidence, the question then is whether this supporting evidence
makes up for the weakness in the complainant’s evidence. All these would, of
course, have to be done in the light of all the circumstances of each case and
all the evidence, including the defence evidence, as well as accumulated
knowledge of human behaviour and common sense.

81 Support for the proposition put forward by Yong Pung How CJ can be found
from the observations of Lord Reid in DPP v Kilbourne [1973] AC 729 at 750
which reads:

There is nothing technical in the idea of corroboration. When in the ordinary
affairs of life one is doubtful whether or not to believe a particular
statement one naturally looks to see whether it fits in with other statements
or circumstances relating to the particular matter; the better it fits in, the
more one is inclined to believe it. The doubted statement is corroborated to a
greater or lesser extent by the other statements or circumstances with which
it fits in.

82 Later in Kwan Peng Hong v Public Prosecutor [2000] 4 SLR 96 at 104, Yong
Pung How CJ defined the phrase ‘usually compelling’. He said:

… I made clear in Tang Kin Seng that in Singapore there is no legal
requirement for a judge to warn himself expressly of the danger of convicting
on the uncorroborated evidence of a complainant in a case involving a sexual
offence. But I also took great care to make clear that it is dangerous to
convict on the words of the complainant alone unless her evidence is unusually
compelling or convincing (Tang Kin Seng v PP [1997] 1 SLR 46 at 58, Teo Keng
Pong v PP [1996] 3 SLR 329 at 340 and Soh Yang Tick v PP [1998] 2 SLR 42 at
50). In short, the court is to be extremely cautious in relying on the sole
evidence of the complainant for a conviction. The phrase ‘unusually compelling
or convincing’ simply means that the complainant’s evidence was so convincing
that the prosecution’s case was proven beyond reasonable doubt, solely on the
basis of that evidence.

83 What about the evidence of a child witness? Can the court convict a person
on the uncorroborated evidence of a child witness alone? This question was
addressed by Yong Pung How CJ in Lee Kwang Peng v Public Prosecutor [1997] 3
SLR 278 and he said at pages 295 and 296:

_Corroboration_

61 Counsel for the appellant premised the thrust of his appeal on the argument
that the district judge ought not to have convicted the appellant as the
evidence of PW1 and PW2 was not corroborated and it was accordingly unsafe to
render a conviction. There are two bases on which corroboration may be said to
be required – the first is that the present case involves sexual offences to
which the complainants are the only witnesses and, secondly, that those
complainants are in fact child witnesses.

_Child witnesses_

62 Although s 136 of the Evidence Act provides that ‘no particular number of
witnesses shall in any case be required for the proof of any fact’, it is a
well-established rule of practice in our law that where evidence is given by a
child witness, that evidence is not to be accepted at face value without some
measure of corroboration: see Goh Liong Lam & Ors v R [1958] MLJ 254, Chao
Chong & Ors v PP [1960] MLJ 238 and Ng Kwee Piow v R [1960] MLJ 278.

63 This rule was of more significance in the days before bench trials were
introduced in Singapore, as an improper direction to the jury on the issue of
corroboration warranted an acquittal on appeal. The rationale for this rule
was conveniently set out in the judgment of Thomson CJ in the Chao Chong
decision, namely, that:

It is a matter of common knowledge that children at times find it difficult to
distinguish between reality and fantasy. They find it difficult after a lapse
of time to distinguish between the results of observation and the results of
imagination.

64 Naturally, this rationale applies to different children in different
degrees. Where, therefore, evidence is given by older children whose
intellectual faculties are more developed, the danger in convicting without
corroboration is diminished. The rationale of the rule makes it very difficult
to lay down a guideline as to the point at which a maturing individual, in his
progress towards adulthood, crosses the line past which the judicial process
considers his testimony credible without independent evidence in support of it
and this must therefore be a matter for the judge’s assessment in each case.

65 The court’s discomfort with requiring a corroboration warning in all cases
involving a child witness manifested itself in Tham Kai Yau & Ors v PP [1977]
1 MLJ 174 in which the Federal Court considered that a formal warning on the
issue of corroboration need not be issued to the jury if they were advised to
pay particular attention to or to scrutinise with special care the evidence of
young children, explaining the tendencies of such children to invent and
distort.

66 In Tham Kai Yau, the appellants were convicted of murder on the sole
evidence of the deceased’s son, who was aged 13 years at the date of the
murder and 14 years at the date of the trial. The Federal Court considered
that as the child ‘possessed sufficient intelligence to understand the meaning
and significance of an oath’ a warning was not required. It did not, however,
dispense with the need for corroboration in that case.

67 It is in accordance with the approach of the Federal Court that I consider
that there is no special rule requiring a trial judge to direct himself as to
the dangers of convicting without corroboration where the only evidence is
that of a child witness, although he or she must remain sensitive to the
requirement of corroborative evidence or alternatively consider that
corroboration is not required because of the maturity and reliability of the
witness. [Emphasis added.]

84 All said, I approached the testimony of the victim with utmost caution. I
weighed in mind her youth, her making the complaint not immediately but after
a lapse of time and her first information report to the police where on the
face of it, she had mentioned only one incident of rape reported to have taken
place sometime in January or February of 2002.

85 Let me first deal with the testimony of the victim in relation to the
offences of rape said to have been committed in the years 2001 and 2002. In my
evaluation the testimony of the victim in general was cogent, compelling and
free from ambivalence. She narrated a consistent account. She had convincingly
explained to the court why it took such a long time to reveal the ignominies
committed on her person by her step father. I accepted her explanation that
she was tormented and traumatised not only by the base acts committed on her
by the accused but also by his ever dangling threats of the likelihood of
family break-up and possible calamities to her grandparents.

86 In my view, this was not a case of a young woman making up a false story or
a person trying to frame another vindinctively. The accused attempted to gloss
over the last attack on her in February 2002 by his bizarre explanation that
on that day he was no more than playing, shadow-boxing and sparring with her
in jest and his accidental hand contact with her breast caused all this
unnecessary furore. He wanted the court to believe that following such alleged
innocuous playfulness, his step daughter became uncontrollable, hysterical and
started throwing things about in her bedroom including kicking the bedstead.
It was strange that although he had to apply an arm-lock at one stage to bring
her down and subdue her, yet he did not deem it fit to mention his step-
daughter’s alleged unreasonable outburst to his wife upon her return.

87 Still more puzzling was his seemingly inexplicable indifference to an
allegation of attempted rape against him which he came across when he read the
diary kept by the victim. Instead of confronting her immediately or better
still complaining to his wife promptly about such a damaging allegation, what
he claimed that he did was utterly ludicrous. He challenged the victim to go
for a medical check-up. Why this bizarre request? There was no plausible
explanation from the accused. At any rate, the diary which he admittedly
recovered from the victim’s drawers had mysteriously disappeared, although he
claimed that he hid it somewhere on top of his wife’s cupboard before his
arrest.

88 It would be useful to remember that offences of this nature are often
committed by persons in privacy with no witnesses present. In my
determination, the victim who could no longer contain it finally decided to
unburden herself and expose the accused’s wrongdoings to her mother.

89 In my determination, the victim’s accounts in relation to the rape charges
were recounted by her without any evasion or equivocation. Her testimony in
court was cogent, compelling and convincing in relation to all the three rape
charges and had an impress of truth.

90 The accused’s explanation, on the other hand, was totally unconvincing. The
medical evidence of Dr Roland Chieng that he found tears in her hymenal ring
appeared to confirm that there was penetration of her vagina at least two
weeks before his examining her on 18 March 2002. In this regard, I accepted
her evidence that she never had sex with anyone before and the only entry into
her was by the accused, against her will on the occasions mentioned.

91 The accused endeavoured to portray himself as a simpleton. He claimed that
he had never heard of the word ‘hymen’ or ‘hymenal tear’ until he consulted
some inmates of the remand prison after his arrest. Here was a married man
with two children, a property executive of some sort at some stage, an unarmed
combat instructor, a person who was quite familiar with computers and one who
was able to get into the cyberspace to watch pornographic clips trying to
persuade the court to accept his claim that he had never heard of the word
‘hymen’. Yet, he had admittedly asked his 15 year-old step-daughter to go to
the doctor for a medical check up to verify whether she had sex before. His
story that he wanted to take her for a medical check-up to verify whether she
was a virgin or not, in fact tended to undermine his claim and expose his
false and spurious yarns in court.

92 In reviewing the evidence of the accused in his defence, I did carefully
consider his protestations of innocence and denials both in court and in the
statements given by him to the investigating officer after his arrest. Upon
consideration, I formed the view that his narration of the events was more
significant for its inconsistencies and improbabilities than for its value in
raising a reasonable doubt in his favour. In this regard, it would suffice if
I made reference to only one segment of the statement recorded from him on 25
March 2002 (exh P-30A, para 35 at page 104 of the preliminary inquiry
records).

93 In para 35 of the said statement, the accused alleged:

In Jan and Feb 2002, I did not remember having sex, raped or molested BKF.
There were a few occasions that we fought playfully and seriously in the hall,
on the floor, on the bed and kitchen area. I remembered having bodily contact
and rolling on the floor with BKF. Whenever she was in pain, she would scream
and the fighting eventually became serious.

94 In my analysis, the accused did not categorically say in his statement that
he did not commit the offence attributed to him in January/February 2002. What
he appeared to say in the preceding para was that he did not remember having
done the act alleged against him. The question was: Was it probable for a
person of the accused’s shrewdness to come up with such a bland ‘I can’t
remember’ reply if in fact he was being framed by a vile vixen? A reasonable
inference was that he was merely being glib. In any event, his claim that
there were a few occasions when he and the victim fought playfully and
seriously in the hall, on the floor, on the bed and the kitchen area, having
bodily contact and rolling on the floor, did not quite match his testimony in
court. What he said in court was only about some sparring in jest in the
living room, the alleged hysterical outburst of the victim in the bedroom and
his subsequent subduing her to calm her down. There was no assertion of
playful rollicking on the bed or in the kitchen in his testimony in court.

95 In my finding, the accused was twisting and turning in the witness box on
many an occasion. His explanations in relation to the first charge of rape as
well as his bare denials in relation to the second and third charges of rape
were rejected by me as being unworthy of credit and credibility.

96 Dealing with the other offences relating to outraging modesty said to have
been committed in 1995 at AB Court and in 1996 at EF Central, the victim’s
narration in relation to the events in 1995 that the accused made her face the
wall and rubbed his penis against her buttocks after pulling her panties and
shorts down, had a convincing ring of authenticity. Although she was only
about 7½ years of age at the time of the offence she had conveyed this to her
mother the very next day so much so the mother had in fact confronted the
accused the next day with her queries.

97 The accused’s story that he was carrying and playing with her step-daughter
and suddenly fell and dropped on her was a far cry from the victim’s accounts
of pants removal and rubbing of something fleshy in her bare bottom. The
accused’s narration of the events was riddled with inconsistency when he was
trying to re-enact the scene.

98 At one stage he said that his wife asked him about his ‘rubbing’ (see page
547 lines 9 to 15). But realising his unwitting slip, he quickly retracted it
by saying that she did not ask him about rubbing (see page 547 lines 16 to
20). But a little later he said (see page 548 line 11) that he couldn’t really
remember what she said. His vacillation and prevarication were palpable and
distinct. In my determination, he was not telling the truth about what in fact
happened in the privacy of his home at the material time.

99 He was also caught prevaricating about his statement to the recording
officer about what his wife asked him about the foregoing incident (para 44,
page 99 of the preliminary inquiry notes). In his statement (exh P-30A) he had
stated: ‘I told her that if I were to do anything to [the victim], I would not
have told [her] not to tell anybody.’ He claimed when giving his evidence-in-
chief that this was a mistake by him and the sentence should read: ‘I told her
that if I were to do anything to [the victim], I would have told her not to
tell anybody.’ In my determination, although nothing significant could be
attached to the foregoing correction, his later claim that the said mistake
was not made by him but was caused by the recording officer instead (see pages
550 to 553 of the NE) was another instance of his propensity to be evasive and
shifty in his defence.

100 In my view, although the victim was only about 7½ years old at the time of
the commission of the offence in 1995, her recall of the events and her
mentioning to her mother the next day about what happened at home was
confirmatory of her testimony in court. As for the accused, in my finding he
was trying in vain to fudge the issues by his false claims that he fell over
her, dropped on the edge of the bed and fell face down over her. I found his
claims to be nothing but fabrication.

101 Dealing next with the fourth charge (Charge A4) of outraging modesty said
to have been committed in 1996 at EF Central, I was impelled to note that
unlike in relation to the offence committed by the accused in 1995, there was
no referral to anyone by the victim until 2002 when she made the statements to
the police. Although I had accepted the evidence of the victim in relation to
the 1995 incident and the offences of rape which took place in 2001 and 2002,
I was left in some doubt whether there was an innocent overlapping of events
in the mind of the victim in relation to the fourth charge. Although I was
satisfied that her maturity and intellectual faculties were above par and
amply developed at the time she was testifying in court, I was, nonetheless,
left with a lingering yet real doubt that her recall of events in relation to
the 1996 charge might well have been superimposed by her recollection of the
events of 1995 – on which there was clearly some confirmatory evidence from
her mother. I was, in the circumstances, inclined to give the benefit of doubt
to the accused in relation to the fourth charge and held that the prosecution
had not proven its case beyond a reasonable doubt in relation to this charge
only.

102 Before concluding, I must briefly deal with the first information report
made by the victim on 16 March 2002.

103 In my view, despite the feature that the police report made by her on 16
March 2002 happened to mention only one offence of rape, the said feature did
not lend itself to the inference that the other incidents did not take place.
In Tan Pin Seng v Public Prosecutor [1998] 1 SLR 418 (G-I) at page 428, Yong
Pung How CJ made the following comments in relation to the first information
report:

It is a misconception to regard the first information report or police report
as a document which should contain the entire case for the prosecution. Its
main purpose is merely to give information of a cognizable offence to the
police so as to set them in motion. The form of the police report merely
requires an informant to provide ‘brief details including date, time and place
at which the offence occurred’. The form itself does not contemplate that the
informant or complainant should give elaborate details of the alleged offence.
The fact that such details are not mentioned in the report is therefore
irrelevant. If, however, there are material discrepancies between the report
and the informant’s or complainant’s testimony in court, the report will then
be relevant to impeach the credibility of the witness as a previous
inconsistent statement.

104 In my determination, the explanation by the victim that she was at the
material time in a state of fear and embarassment and that it was the first
time she was making a police report, was credible and consistent with how a
victim of rape in her situation would react.

105 At any rate, as I said earlier, I approached her evidence with utmost
caution. The quality and nature of the evidence of the victim in relation to
charges A1, A2, A3 and A5, left me in little doubt that she was narrating what
in fact took place and I was amply satisfied that what the victim told the
court was true. In my finding, the prosecution had proven beyond reasonable
doubt the guilt of the accused in relation to all the charges except the
fourth charge (Charge A4) of outraging modesty and the accused had not, on
balance, raised any reasonable doubt in the prosecution’s case.

106 Consequently, the accused was found guilty and convicted of the first,
second, third and fifth charges (charges A1, A2, A3 and A5) and was acquitted
of the fourth charge (Charge A4). Following the application by the prosecution
to withdraw three remaining charges brought against him under the Films Act,
he was discharged and acquitted of those charges pursuant to s 177 of the
Criminal Procedure Code.

107 Following his conviction, the prosecution produced a memorandum of his
previous convictions. The accused admitted the antecedents set out in the
memorandum and insofar as is material, the said memorandum reads as follows:

Place Singapore

Date of conviction 23/10/2000

Offence and Ordinance S. 408 C. 224, Criminal Breach of Trust as a Servant

Sentence Taken into consideration with DAC/ 30332/00

Court and Case No. Court No. 005, DAC/30331/00

Place Singapore

Date of conviction 23/10/2000

Offence and Ordinance S. 408 C. 224, Criminal Breach of Trust as a Servant

Sentence Impt only09 mth wef 22/7/2000 First of series

Court and Case No. Court No. 005 DAC/30332/00

Place Singapore

Date of conviction 23/10/2000

Offence and Ordinance S. 408 C. 224, Criminal Breach of Trust as a Servant

Sentence Impt only 09 mth Concurrent with DAC/30332/00

Court and Case No. Court No. 005 DAC/3033/00

Place Singapore

Date of conviction 23/10/2000

Offence and Ordinance S. 408 C. 224, Criminal Breach of Trust as a Servant

Sentence Taken into consideration with DAC/30332/00

Court and Case No. Court No. 005, DAC/30334/00

Place Singapore

Date of conviction 23/10/2000

Offence and Ordinance S. 420 C. 224, Cheating

Sentence Impt only 09 mth Consecutive with DAC 30332/00

Court and Case No. Court No. 005, DAC/33982/00

Place Singapore

Date of conviction 23/10/2000

Offence and Ordinance S. 420 C. 224, Cheating

Sentence Taken into consideration with DAC/30332/00

Court and Case No. Court No. 005, DAC/33983/00

108 He was invited by the court to say facts which might assist him in
mitigation. Except for repeating that he had not committed the offences, he
had nothing else to say. Having considered all the relevant facts including
the aspect that he being a step-father of the victim, instead of providing
affection and protection to his ward, went about abusing the victim ever since
she was about seven years of age, I sentenced him as follows:

First charge (A1) – 10 years’ imprisonment and 4 strokes of the cane.

Second charge (A2) – 10 years’ imprisonment and 6 strokes of the cane.

Third Charge (A3) – 12 years’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane.

Fifth Charge (A5) – 2 years’ imprisonment and 2 strokes of the cane.

109 Bearing in mind the provisions of s 18 of the Criminal Procedure Code
which reads that ‘Where at one trial a person is convicted and sentenced to
imprisonment for at least 3 distinct offences, the court before which he is
convicted shall order that the sentences for at least two of those offences
shall run consecutively’, the sentences of imprisonment in respect of the
first, third and fifth charges were ordered to run consecutively and the rest
concurrently. The sentences were backdated to the date of his arrest ie 19
March 2002.

Order accordingly

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jan 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

