Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The Melati  
[2003] SGHC 254

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 600072/2002, RA 600018/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Hui Tsing (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for the plaintiffs/sppellants; Lim Tean and Probin Dass (Rajah & Tann) for defendants/respondents   
Parties | : | —  
  
Civil Procedure – Discontinuance – Whether service of Statement of Claim out
of time and without leave of court invalid – Whether action deemed
discontinued – Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) O 21 r 2(6)  
  
Civil Procedure – Extension of time – Statement of Claim served outside
prescribed period and without leave of court – Whether court should extend
time for service of Statement of Claim – Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997
Rev Ed) O 3 r 4  
  
Civil Procedure – Rules of court – Non-compliance – Whether service out of
time and without leave an irregularity capable of being cured especially if
prejudice to defendants can be compensated by costs – Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R5, 1997 Rev Ed) O 2 r 1  
  

1 On 5 March 2002, the Plaintiffs who are cargo interests commenced in rem
proceedings against the vessel _Melati_. The claims arose out of a casualty
sustained by the _Melati_ on 24 December 2000 in the course of a laden voyage
from Buatan, Indonesia, to Huangpu and Shanghai, China. The vessel suffered a
severe list to port and she drifted unmanned after her master and crew
abandoned the vessel. Salvage services were rendered under Lloyds Open Form.
The salvors were Wijsmuller Salvage BV who towed the _Melati_ to Singapore.
After her stability was restored, the _Melati_ continued on her voyage in
March 2001 to Huangpu and Shanghai. Since the Defendants declared general
average, the Plaintiffs provided general average bond and salvage guarantee to
the Defendants.

2 The in rem writ was served on 12 March 2002. An appearance was entered on
behalf of the Defendants as owners of the _Melati_ on 20 March 2002. Some
eleven months after appearance was entered, the solicitors for the Plaintiffs
on 18 March 2003 served the Statement of Claim. It is not disputed that the
Statement of Claim was served outside the period required by Order 18 r 1 and
without leave of court. The Defendants’ solicitors objected to the service on
21 March 2003. With the invalid service, their stand is that by operation of
Order 21 r 2(6), the action is deemed discontinued since 21 March 2003. Order
21 r 2(6) states:

“Subject to paragraph 6A, if no party to an action or a cause or matter has,
for more than one year (or such extended period as the Court may allow under
paragraph (6B), taken any step or proceeding in the action, cause or matter
that appears from records maintained by the Court, the action, cause or matter
is deemed to have been discontinued.”

3 On 4 April 2003, the Plaintiffs applied for an extension of time to serve
the Statement of Claim or in the alternative for the action to be reinstated.
The AR Registrar, Mr. Kenneth Yap, dismissed the application and the
Plaintiffs filed this appeal.

4 The Plaintiffs contend that the service out of time and without leave must
be treated as an irregularity, and is capable of cure under Order 2 r 1.
Furthermore, the Court has power under Order 3 r 4 to extend time for service
of the Statement of Claim. The Plaintiffs argue that they should not be
deprived of the opportunity to prosecute their claim as a punishment for
breach of the Rules especially where prejudice, if any, to the Defendants
could be adequately compensated by costs. In support of her arguments, Ms Tan
Hui Tsing, Counsel for the Plaintiffs, referred me to the case of _The Tokai
Maru_ [1998] 3 SLR 105 where the Court of Appeal followed the principles in
_Costellow v Somerset County Council_ [1993] 1 All ER 952.

5 Counsel for the Defendants, Mr. Lim Tean, maintains that Order 2 r 1 and
Order 3 r 4 have no application to an action that has been deemed
discontinued. Mr. Lim argues that the application for time extension is made
outside the deadline of 20 March 2003. This situation calls for the
application of the tests laid down in _Rastin v British Steel Plc_ [1994] 2
All ER 641.The Plaintiffs are unable to show that the litigation was conducted
at least with reasonable diligence. The principles of _Rastin_ were applied in
_Bannister v SGB Plc_ [1997] 4 All ER 129. The Plaintiffs’ response is that
the principles in _Rastin_ are applicable to a situation in which the action
was automatically struck out under Order 17 r 11(9) of the English County
Court Rules. They are inapplicable to this case. Ms Tan invites the court to
apply the ordinary principles that is applied to any application for an
extension of time. As is apparent from my judgment, Mr. Lim’s contention above
does not arise. The premise of the contention is not established.

6 Mr. Lim’s contention that no service at all has taken place because of non-
compliance with Order 18 r 1 is flawed. This argument is akin to the notion
that the procedural error would annul the proceedings. The distinction between
nullities and irregularities was abolished by Order 2 r 1 in its present form.
The approach taken by the Assistant Registrar below was correct in this
respect. His starting point was that the last step taken within the year was
in respect of the Statement of Claim and went on to consider whether the
irregularity in the service of the Statement of Claim could be cured. On that
point, he ruled against the Plaintiffs.

7 In my judgement, the failure to serve the Statement of Claim on time and
without leave is by Order 2 r 1 “treated as an irregularity and shall not
nullify…any step taken in the proceedings.” In other words, the purported
service on 18 March 2003 nonetheless constitutes a step taken in the
proceedings. Order 2 r 1 states that

“ _Where,_ in the beginning or purporting to begin any proceedings or _at any
stage in the course of_ or in connection with _any proceedings, there has, by
reason of anything done or left undone, been a failure to comply with the
requirements of these Rules,_ whether _in respect of time_ , place, manner,
form or content or any other respect, _the failure shall be treated as an
irregularity and shall not nullify the proceedings, any step taken in the
proceedings,_ or any document, judgment or order therein.” [emphasis added]

8 In _The Golden Mariner_ [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Law Report 215, the service of the
writ out of jurisdiction was defective in that by error some of the defendants
received one another’s writs and one had received only an acknowledgement
form. The Court of Appeal disagreed with the Judge below who took the view
that “no service of the relevant process took place at all”. The appellate
court held that “the service was grossly defective. But service or purported
service it remained.” More so, the filing of the Statement of Claim on 18
March 2003 was equally a step taken in the action on the face of the records
maintained by the Courts within the meaning of Order 21 r 2(6). It should not
be discounted per se simply because of the irregularity of the service. In
view of Order 2 r 1, neither should the service itself be discounted because
of non-compliance with the Rules. This would be the status of the proceedings
as appears from the records maintained by the courts unless the service is set
aside. If that should happen, the updated status on the records maintained by
the Courts would tell a different story.

9 Before I leave this point I wish to make one observation. _Bank Bumiputra v
Syarikat Gunong Tujoh_ _Sdn Bhd & Ors_[1990] 1 MLJ 298 deals with the effect
of failure to give one month’s notice after a year has elapsed since the last
proceeding or matter. In that case, an Order 18 application was clearly a
“proceeding”. _Gian Singh_ & Co _Ltd v Super Services_ [1965] 31 MLJ 256 is
another case on the need to give one month’s notice after a year has elapsed
since the last proceeding. Notice of Change of solicitors for the defendant
was deemed to be “proceeding”. Although these two cases deal with the rule
before the new Order 21 r 2(6) was introduced, they serve as helpful guides on
how the courts have interpreted the meaning of “a proceeding in any cause or
matter.” The courts there defined “proceeding” as a formal step, or “a
proceeding which has the effect of continuing the action, not a proceeding
which has the effect of putting an end to the action”. Winslow J in _Gian
Singh_ took “proceeding” to mean “something which has both formality and
significance, and which is either taken or launched by the plaintiff with a
view to bringing the action nearer to trial.” On that view, if a frivolous
step is taken merely to avoid the operation of Order 21 r 2(6), it may then be
open to a defendant to apply to set aside the service on grounds that a
plaintiff has been guilty of contumacious disregard of the rules, or bad faith
or ulterior motives capable of being regarded as an abuse of process.

10 Given my view that the filing and service date of the Statement of Claim
was a step taken within the one-year period in Order 21 r 2(6), I now turn to
consider whether time for service of the Statement of Claim should be
extended. In most cases of this nature, the tension is between the
administration of justice and the effect the granting of relief sought would
have on each party. Rules of Court have to be observed. However, the
overarching consideration is to ensure that justice is done between the
parties and much will turn on the facts of each particular case.

11 In this case, the Plaintiffs’ continuing intention to pursue the action is
apparent. They served the Statement of Claim and inquired about the Defence.
The Defendants were throughout aware of the action and of its nature. The
Defendants were participating in the salvage arbitration in London. The amount
awarded to salvors as salvage would have a bearing on the claim amount in
Singapore.

12 That there was delay in the service of the Statement of Claim is not
disputed. The Plaintiffs filed on 26 May 2003 an affidavit deposed by Matthew
Robinson, a case handler with W K Webster Co Ltd who are claims recovery
agents for the Plaintiffs, to explain why it took the Plaintiffs eleven months
to serve the Statement of Claim. Mr. Robinson explained that it was not
unusual for parties to agree to solve the salvage claim before the main cargo
claim. A protective writ was issued since the Defendants refused their request
to extend suit time. The salvage claim took some time to resolve. The salvors
had problems getting up their claim. The salvors took their first step towards
arbitration in October 2002. The arbitration fixed for hearing on 3 February
2003 was adjourned by consent to 7 February 2003. Eventually, the arbitration
in London involving the bills of lading in this action was settled amongst the
Defendants as shipowners, salvors and the Plaintiffs as cargo interests on 17
February 2003. After that, instructions were given to the lawyers in Singapore
to prepare the Statement of Claim. It was served without thinking of obtaining
leave of court or consent of the Defendants under Order 3 r 4(3).

13 The delay was the result of a decision to await the outcome of the salvors’
arbitration, as the Plaintiffs had wanted to quantify the indemnity sought by
them in the present action. The decision to wait may not have been justified
as the cargo claim in Singapore could still proceed without quantification of
the claim for salvage indemnity. Right or wrong, that was the course adopted
and the decision could not in the circumstances be viewed as a manifest
intention not to advance the cargo claim or that the Plaintiffs were sleeping
on the case.

14 The Plaintiffs would be barred from prosecuting what was represented as
valid claim over US$1 million if they are denied the relief sought. There is
need to weigh in the balance the prejudice to both the Defendants and the
Plaintiffs. The court is concerned with the prejudice directly caused by the
irregularity i.e. the particular failure to comply with the Rules:
_Metroinvest Ansalt & Ors v Commercial Union Assurance Company Limited_ [1985]
1 WLR 513 at 521.

15 In the present case, the Defendants’ lawyers objected to the service. Mr.
Lim explained that he was on vacation when the Statement of Claim was served
and on his return to the office immediately objected to the defective service
with the consequence that the Plaintiffs filed an application to extend time
for service.

16 Was prejudice to the Defendants caused by the irregular service? I think
not. The Defendants are not saying that they have been prejudiced in the
conduct of their defence by the delay of eleven months in producing the
Statement of Claim. The only prejudice raised by the Defendants is that the
Defendants, as Mr Lim puts it, would be deprived of a limitation defence under
the Hague Rules. This is a circular form of argument. The Defendants only have
a limitation defence if the application to extend time is refused or if the
action has been discontinued and consequently reinstatement is sought in
either event. The argument is undoubtedly a point raised to take advantage of
a technicality in the hope of the possible benefit that might accrue as a
result of this procedural failure on the part of the Plaintiffs. On 18 March
2003, it made no difference at all to the Defendants whether or not the
Statement of Claim was served out of time and without leave since any which
way the defence of time bar was not available.

17 It is difficult in the circumstances to find that the Defendants would be
prejudiced if extension of time were granted. The grant of an order to cure
the irregularity cannot be viewed as prejudicial to the Defendants’ interests.
They still have the full opportunity to defend the action. On the other hand,
a refusal of the time extension would for the Plaintiffs mean an end to the
action.

18 I do not consider a refusal of extension of time in this case would be a
proportionate response to the Plaintiffs’ failure to serve the Statement of
Claim diligently in compliance with the Rules. This is not the case where
there has been wholesale disregard to the Rules. No orders of courts were
breached. It has not been suggested that there were requests made to serve the
Statement of Claim in the intervening eleven months and those requests were
ignored. The only specific breach of procedure committed by the Plaintiffs was
their failure to comply with Order 18 r 1. This is a case where I should
excuse the irregularity or extend time for service of the Statement of Claim.
Not to grant an extension of time to cover the service on 18 March 2003 would
be a drastic and disproportionate response in the circumstances to the
particular breach and would give the Defendants an unjustified tactical
advantage and windfall.

19 I would therefore allow this appeal by extending the time for service of
the Statement of Claim. The Statement of Claim is to stand as served on 18
March 2003. Time prescribed by the Rules for the Defence to be served is to
run from the date of this order. The Assistant Registrar’s decision is
reversed save that the order of costs fixed at $1,800/- is to stand. The
outcome before the Assistant Registrar might have been different if the
Plaintiffs had filed Mr. Robinson’s affidavit earlier. I would also direct
that the Plaintiffs pay the Defendants’ costs of this appeal to be taxed if
not agreed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

