Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong Bin Wah v Quek Teng Pong and Another  
[2003] SGHC 279

Case Number | : | Suit 131/2003, NA 50/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 November 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Ho Su Ching AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Benedict Chan (Benedict Chan and Co) for plaintiff; Toh Kok Seng and Sofeen Thaker (Lee and Lee) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Ong Bin Wah — Quek Teng Pong; Ng Chor Tiam   
  
1 The plaintiff, Ong Bin Wah, is presently 48 years old. She was a passenger
in a lorry driven by her husband, the 1st Defendant, when it collided with
another lorry driven by the 2nd Defendant on 1 June 2001. As a result of the
accident, the plaintiff sustained injuries to her right ankle and foot. Both
defendants admitted liability and interlocutory judgment was entered against
the 1st and 2nd defendants at 20% and 80% respectively. The plaintiff made
five broad areas of claims:

(i) General Damages for pain and suffering

(ii) Pre-trial loss of earnings

(iii) Future loss of earnings

(iv) Special damages i.e. for transport, clothing and medical expenses,
including pre-trial cost of treatments at a sinseh

(v) Future Medical expenses (including treatments at a sinseh)

**General Damages for Pain and Suffering**

2 The two medical reports provided by Tan Tock Seng Hospital (‘TTSH’), stated
that the plaintiff suffered an open fracture to her right ankle, a 10 cm
transverse heel laceration with complete transection of the right tendo-
achilles and a right 2nd toe tuft fracture with nail bed laceration.

3 At the assessment hearing, Dr Naidu, a Registrar with the Department of
Orthopaedic Surgery at TTSH, elaborated on the ankle fracture. He explained
that the main injury to the ankle was the fracture of the lateral malleolus
(bone on the outside of he ankle). He noted from the X-rays that there was
also a chip fracture of the naviculum (bones on the top of the foot) and the
anterior portion of the right calcaneum (in the front of the ankle). According
to Dr Naidu, no treatment was required for the calcaneum fracture as it showed
minimal displacement and the bone had healed. He also testified that there was
no evidence of any arthritic changes in any of the fracture sites, save for
the calcaneum fracture where there were mild changes. In his opinion, the
fracture at the malleolus would not increase the likelihood of arthritis
developing in the future. As regards the heel laceration, Dr Naidu stated that
this was a severe open wound as the tendo-achilles was completely severed.

4 Dr Naidu gave evidence that as a result of these injuries, the plaintiff had
a decreased range of motion in dorsiflexion of the ankle. This would result in
her having difficulties when squatting or climbing stairs and she would
experience swelling in her ankle with prolonged standing (between 6 – 8
hours). According to Dr Naidu, the plaintiff will also experience a dull pain
“on and off” in her ankle.

5 The medical evidence of the defendants’ expert witness, Dr WC Chang, an
orthopaedic surgeon, was largely in agreement with that of Dr Naidu. In his
opinion, the injuries had healed but the plaintiff was left with some residual
stiffness in the ankle joint which affected her range of motion and it would
be reasonable to expect her to experience intermittent pain in her ankle.
However, the plaintiff could walk normally. Dr Chang also reported some slight
wasting of the quadriceps and calf muscles, arising from the cut tendon, but
stated that it was not serious as the power in her leg was normal. As for the
toe tuft fracture, Dr Chang reported that the flexion of some of the toes
would be reduced but that this was of no functional significance.

6 The plaintiff claimed a separate amount for pain and suffering for each of
these component injuries described by the doctors. This included a $ 20,000
claim for the fracture of the right calcaneum which had healed and showed
minimal displacement.

7 Based on the medical evidence, it was clear that the open fracture of the
lateral malleolus was the most significant of the ankle injuries. Bearing this
in mind and taking into account the occurrence of mild arthritic changes at
the calcaneum, I was of the view that $14,000 for pain and suffering for the
injuries to the ankle as a whole would be appropriate. In doing so, I
considered the case of _Tan Swee Khoon v Balu a/l Sinnathamby_ (unreported, DC
Suit No. 225 of 1998) where the court awarded $12,000 for an open fracture of
the medial malleolus of the right ankle. The disabilities suffered by
plaintiff in this case are similar to that suffered by the plaintiff in the
present case.

8 As for the heel laceration, I awarded the sum of $ 8000. I considered this
to be reasonable in light of the decision in _Swaran Singh v Lim Soon Lee_
(unreported, HC Suit 2409 of 1996) where an award of $ 10,000 was made for a
laceration of the right heel with exposure of the tendo-achilles. Unlike the
present case where there is an element of overlap, the laceration of the heel
was the only injury sustained by the plaintiff in that case to his ankle
region.

9 I agreed with the Defendant’s quantum of $ 2,500 and $ 3,000 for the toe
tuft fracture and for scarring respectively. I made no award for muscle
wasting of the thigh and calf as based on the medical evidence, the power in
the leg was not affected.

10 Consequently, the total award for general damages for pain and suffering
for the right ankle and foot was **$ 27, 500**.

**Pre-trial loss of earnings**

11 At the time of the accident, the plaintiff was running a wet-market stall
selling fish. In her Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief (‘AEIC’), the plaintiff
claimed that her average income was $ 2,500 a month. However, this was
inconsistent with her Income Tax Assessment Notice which indicates that the
profits from the stall for the year 2000 was $ 24,904 i.e. $ 2,075 per month.
This was a discrepancy that the plaintiff was unable to explain. In light of
this, I took $ 2,075 to be the true representation of the pre-accident monthly
earnings from the stall.

12 Furthermore, as the defendants have aptly pointed out, although the licence
for the fish stall was registered in the plaintiff’s sole name, the fish stall
was in reality jointly managed by the plaintiff and her husband. By her own
admission, the plaintiff stated in her AEIC that before the accident, she was
‘able to share the work with [her] husband equally’. In this connection, she
gave evidence that prior to the accident, her husband would collect the
stall’s supply of fish from the Punggol Fish Market every morning and help her
with the heavy tasks when she closes the stall. She also stated that while she
was the only one tending to the stall during its business hours, her husband
would help out whenever he was free. In the circumstances, I agreed with the
defendants that the pre-accident earnings of the plaintiff should only be in
the region of $ 1,037.50.

13 The plaintiff gave evidence that her stall was closed for about 3 months
after the accident on 1 June 2001 and that she returned to work thereafter.
This was notwithstanding that the plaintiff was certified medically unfit for
work from the date of the accident until 12 October 2001. In light of her
evidence, the defendants offered $ 6,225 for the three month period during
which the stall was closed ($ 2075 x 3 months) and $ 1556.25 for period
thereafter until 12 October 2001 ($ 1037.50 (being her share of the stall’s
profits) x 1.5 months). I found the defendants’ offer to be reasonable and
accordingly awarded **$ 7781.25** for pre-trial loss of earnings over this
period.

14 I agreed with the defendants that there was no basis for making any award
after 12 October 2001 for the following reasons. First, the medical evidence
from her own doctor was that she was fit for employment by 12 October 2001.
Secondly, the plaintiff has since returned to her former job and was still
working at the stall at the date of the assessment hearing. Thirdly, while I
accept that the plaintiff's disability would affect her earning capacity, I
did not agree with counsel's submission that the reduction in the stall's
profit for 2002 (as compared with 2000) was due in part to the plaintiff's
disabilities. By her own evidence, the plaintiff's husband had been helping
her tend the stall since the accident. In my view, her husband's assistance
during this period would have more than adequately compensated for any loss of
earning capacity on the plaintiff's part. As such, any loss in sales suffered
by the stall after 12 October 2001 must be due to the exigencies of the
business economy, which would likewise affect her fellow fish stall vendors.

15 The plaintiff also claimed her husband’s loss of earnings of $ 1,000 per
month as part of her pre-trial loss of earnings. This was on the basis that he
had to give up, what the plaintiff refers to as his “second job” which pays $
1,000 per month, to help her at the stall. I found this claim to be wholly
lacking in any merit whatsoever. In any event, her husband’s Income Tax Return
form showed that he continued to earn about $ 1,000 in 2001 as well as 2002.

**Future loss of earnings or loss of earning capacity**

16 The plaintiff has since returned to running her former business of selling
fish. As with most businesses, earnings are dependent on various factors and
would inevitably fluctuate. In the circumstances, it is my view that this was
a case for loss of earning capacity rather than loss of future earnings.

17 Based on the medical evidence, although the plaintiff’s injuries have long
healed and she can walk normally, she is left with residual stiffness of her
ankle which causes her difficulties in squatting and climbing stairs. She will
also experience swelling in her ankle with prolonged standing (between 6 – 8
hours) and difficulty in carrying boxes of fish to and from the lorry to her
stall.

18 Bearing in mind that the even before the accident, her husband would
collect the fish supplies from Punggol Fish Market every morning as well as
assist her in closing the stall, I was of the view that a rough measure of her
loss of earning capacity would be the cost to hire a help to tend the stall
with her in her husband’s absence. A fair value for such help would be about $
400 per month given that such work does not require any educational
qualifications. Taking this into consideration along with the authorities
cited by the parties, I awarded the sum of **$ 30,000** for loss of earning
capacity.

**Special Damages**

19 The plaintiff made three claims under this head:

(i) Medical and Treatment expenses at $ 4185.59

(ii) Chinese Sinseh Treatment (including transport cost) at $ 5,000

(iii) Transport and clothing which had been agreed at **$ 300**.

_(i) Medical and Treatment Expenses_

20 The defendants did not dispute the figure of $ 4,185.69. Their only
objection is to the sum of $800 which was not paid by the plaintiff but by
MediShield. According to the defendants the principle in _Bradburn v G. W
Railway_ (1874) LR 10 Exch I, that a sum received by a plaintiff under an
insurance policy cannot be taken into account in reduction of damages, does
not apply to the present case. This is because MediShield, unlike a personal
accident policy, is a contract of indemnity. This means that an insurer,
having made payment, has a right of subrogation to make a claim against the
tortfeasor to recover the monies paid. The plaintiff cannot, therefore, make
another claim for the same monies in his own capacity.

21 In this connection it would be helpful to refer to the Central Provident
Fund (MediShield Scheme) Regulations (Cap 36, Section 57). Regulation 20
reads:

_(1) Where another person is under an obligation, contractual or otherwise, to
pay or reimburse an insured person for charges incurred in respect of any
medical treatment in an approved hospital received by an insured person, there
shall become due and payable to the MediShield Fund, on the date the insured
person receives such payment or reimbursement from that other person, the
total amount received by the insured person from the Board under the Scheme in
Division 2 or 3, as the case may be, of Part II for such treatment or the
prescribed balance, whichever is the lower._

_(2) For the purposes of paragraph (1), the prescribed balance shall be
ascertained in accordance with the formula X + Y - Z —_

_where X is the total sum received by the insured person from that other
person as payment or reimbursement of any medical treatment received by the
insured person;_

_Y is the total amount of payment received from the Board by an insured person
under the Scheme in Division 2 or 3, as the case may be, of Part II; and_

_Z is the total amount of the medical expenses incurred by an insured person
in respect of the medical treatment in an approved hospital._

22 In light of this provision, I awarded the full sum of **$ 4,185.59** to the
plaintiff under this claim.

_(ii) Medical Cost for Chinese Sinseh Treatment_

23 In her AEIC, the plaintiff stated that she attended therapy and massage
sessions at a sinseh twice a week. No receipts were produced to substantiate
this claim. Notwithstanding that, I saw no reason to doubt that the plaintiff,
given her background, would have attended such sessions. I also saw no reason
to disbelieve her evidence that the cost of each session was $ 20 and would be
$ 50 - $ 60 when the cost of medication was included. While I accept that
there was a lack of documentary proof as to the frequency of such visits, I
find that it would be reasonable for her to seek treatment at least once a
week. This was especially in light of Dr Chang’s evidence that “in most cases,
people do go to a sinseh for some sort of massage” and that such visits would
usually provide relief from pain although of a transient nature. However, in
the absence of any medical evidence as to the effectiveness of the chinese
herbs prescribed by the sinseh, I saw no basis to substantiate her claim for
medication. I also found the claim for transport expenses under this item to
be unreasonable.

24 Consequently, I awarded the sum of **$ 2,000** ($ 80 x 25 months being the
period between the expiry of the medical leave and the assessment date).

**Future Medical Expenses**

25 The plaintiff claimed $ 24,000 for the cost of future therapy at the sinseh
and $600 for the cost of future surgery to remove the steel implants in her
ankle. I found no basis for making this award. Both doctors had given evidence
that in the plaintiff’s case, it would be advisable for the steel implants to
be left in her ankle permanently. In fact, the plaintiff herself stated that
she had decided to follow the doctor’s advice and not remove the steel
implants. More importantly, Dr Chang’s expert medical opinion was that the
plaintiff’s injury had “plateaued” and that further treatment would probably
have no benefit.

26 However, given that the defendants had offered $100 to cover the
consultation and transport costs for one or two reviews, should the plaintiff
decide to do so, I will, accordingly, award the sum of **$100** under this
item.

**Conclusion**

27 In conclusion, I assessed damages suffered by the plaintiff to be:

General Damages for Pain and Suffering $ 27,500.00

Pre-trial Loss of earnings $ 7,781.25

Loss of earning capacity $ 30,000.00

Medical Expenses $ 4186.59

Pre-trial Medical Expenses (sinseh) $ 2,000.00

Future Medical Expenses $ 100.00

Transport and Clothing $ 300.00 (agreed)

__________

**Grand Total** ** _$ 71,867.84_**

28 I awarded interest at 6% per annum from the date of service of writ to the
date of judgment on general damages for pain and suffering. Interest on
special damages incurred before the date of judgment was awarded at 3% per
annum from the date of the accident to the date of the judgment.

29 The usual consequential orders will apply. I will hear parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Nov 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

