Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Toh Lam Seng v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 102

Case Number | : | MA 24/2003, Cr Rev 7/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ramesh Tiwary (Leo Fernando) for the petitioner/appellant; David Chew Siong Tai (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Toh Lam Seng — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Plea of guilt –
Mitigation plea which may qualify plea of guilt – Correct approach to be taken
by court – Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68,1985 Rev Ed) s 180  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Plea of guilt
-Whether plea of guilt qualified – Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) ss 300,
323, 334  
  

1 The petitioner was sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment in the district
court on a charge of voluntarily causing hurt under s 323 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224), (“PC”). The maximum punishment for the offence is imprisonment for
up to 12 months or a fine of up to $1000, or both. The petitioner had pleaded
guilty to the charge, but petitioned for his conviction to be quashed on the
grounds that his plea of guilt was qualified. In the alternative, he appealed
against his sentence on the grounds that it was manifestly excessive. I
dismissed both the petition and the appeal and now set out my grounds.

**Background**

2 The whole incident arose out of fairly innocuous circumstances. The
petitioner was the owner of a pet shop. The victim, Soh, was a tenant of a
portion of the shop. The petitioner found out that Soh had started his own pet
shop business elsewhere and was attempting to “steal” his customers. After
being confronted by the petitioner, Soh decided to move out of the shop.

3 On the day of the incident, Soh had returned to the shop to collect his
belongings. The petitioner asked Soh for the arrears of rent due to him. Soh
asked to offset the debt with goods belonging to him, but the petitioner
declined his offer. Soh then refused to settle the debt, saying that it was
the petitioner’s “own business”. After this, the petitioner went to unlock a
chain which secured a hamster cage belonging to Soh. Soh started insulting the
petitioner. The nature of these insults were as stated in the petitioner’s
mitigation plea below:

Our client was told by Soh that Soh had the ability to open 2 shops (instead
of just one unlike our client), that Soh’s business would be so good that this
would result in our client having to end up closing down his shop, that Soh
would not let our client have a easy time with his business, that Soh would
not let our client step into the pet industry any longer, and Soh kept going
on.

4 This continued for between half an hour to an hour. The petitioner
eventually swung the chain that he had been unlocking at Soh, hitting him once
on the head. He then threw the chain down. A companion of Soh’s witnessed the
attack and contacted the police. According to the medical report, Soh suffered
neither soft tissue damage nor any fractures on his head.

**The law on qualified pleas of guilt**

5 I had extensively considered the law on whether a plea of guilt is qualified
in _Balasubramanian Palaniappa Vaiyapuri v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 314 and _Koh Thian
Huat v PP_ [2002] 3 SLR 28. In both, I emphasised the three procedural
safeguards to be observed before a plea of guilt can be accepted. Briefly,
they are:

(i) That the accused should plead guilty by his own mouth;

(ii) That the onus lies on the court to ensure that the accused understands
the true nature and consequences of his plea; and

(iii) That the court must establish that the accused intends to admit without
qualification the offence alleged against him.

6 Both requirements (ii) and (iii) are enshrined in s 180(a) and (b) of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) (“CPC”). Requirement (iii) can only be
satisfied if the accused admits to all the ingredients of the offence
contained in the statement of facts (“SOF”) without qualification. It was
emphasised in _Rajeevan Edakalavan v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 815 that, for a plea to
be unequivocal, it must be clear that the accused is admitting to all the
averments contained in the charge and to all the ingredients of the offence
contained in the SOF.

7 As was said in _Balasubramanian_ , the general position is that a plea of
guilt would _only_ be qualified by statements in the mitigation plea where
such statements either contradict material admissions of fact made by the
accused to the SOF and/or where they indicate the lack of an essential
ingredient of the offence.

8 There is good reason for these stringent requirements. As I observed in _Koh
Thian Huat_ , a revisionary court must jealously guard its powers to prevent
abuse by litigants seeking to use it as an alternative avenue of appeal
against their conviction. The safeguards protect accused persons from
uninformed or misguided pleas of guilt and as such are to be stringently
observed; equally, however, where circumstances show that one has pleaded
guilty unreservedly and with full knowledge of the consequences, it would be
an abuse of the court’s revisionary jurisdiction to allow a retraction of his
plea.

9 Accordingly, the paramount function of the lower courts when accepting a
plea of guilt is to determine whether the accused knowingly and unreservedly
intends to plead guilty to the charge and admit the truth of the allegations
against him in the SOF. In pursuance of this, it is beholden on the lower
court to fully explain to the accused the nature and consequences of both the
charge and his plea of guilt to it, and to ensure his comprehension. With
regard to a mitigation plea, a statement which discloses the possibility of a
defence does not always qualify a plea of guilt. Such statements made in
mitigation could validly be treated as being made solely for their mitigatory
effect without an intention to deny or contradict the accused person’s prior
admissions to the charge and SOF. As I remarked in _Ulaganathan Thamilarasan v
PP_ [1996] 2 SLR 534, 540:

This court would be reluctant to go so far as to require that a magistrate or
district judge treat, without further investigation, every mitigation plea
which discloses the possibility of a denial of the admitted facts as
constituting a modification of a plea of guilt.  
  

10 The correct approach then, for the lower court confronted by statements
made in mitigation which _could_ constitute a qualification of a prior plea of
guilt, is for the magistrate or district judge to embark on a further
investigation. He must ascertain the accused person’s purpose in making the
said statements and satisfy himself that the accused does indeed wish to
unequivocally plead guilty to the charge. Only where this is done can the
lower courts be said to have discharged the duty imposed on them by s 180(a)
and (b) of the CPC. Justice must be done and must be seen to have been done in
these circumstances.

11 It does not mean, of course, that a failure by the court below to conduct
further investigations of the accused in such circumstances would, without
more, entitle this court to exercise its revisionary powers. The surrounding
circumstances of the case itself may justify the judge below in deciding that
no such enquiry is needed and that the plea of guilt was plainly unequivocal.
The overriding test is always whether any injustice has been occasioned to the
accused by what had transpired below.  
  
**The petition**

12 The petitioner contended that his plea of guilt was qualified and equivocal
due to statements he had made in his mitigation plea. In effect, he had stated
that he committed the offence under provocation in his mitigation, which would
bring the offence outside of the ambit of s 323 PC. As stated in his
mitigation plea:

… Soh said many things to our client which **severely provoked** him such that
he **could not control his emotions** [Emphasis added]

And, in a later part of the mitigation plea:

…**the acts of provocation** were too much for the accused to deal with and he
acted in a spontaneous manner in committing an offence…[Emphasis added]

13 Section 323 of the PC reads:

Whoever, **except in the case provided for by section 334** , voluntarily
causes hurt, shall be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend
to one year, or with fine which may extend to $1,000, or with both. [Emphasis
added]

Section 334 of the PC reads:

Whoever voluntarily causes hurt **on grave and sudden provocation** , if he
neither intends nor knows himself to be likely to cause hurt to any person
other than the person who gave the provocation, shall be punished with
imprisonment for a term which may extend to one month, or with fine which may
extend to $500, or with both. [Emphasis added]

14 According to the petitioner, his claims of provocation qualified his plea
of guilt, making it equivocal. In support, he cited the case of _Ulaganathan_
, where the accused, in pleading guilty to a charge of outrage of modesty,
claimed in mitigation that the act was done unintentionally. This mitigation
was later changed after the DPP spoke to the accused. I quashed the conviction
on the grounds that the court below had failed to ensure that the accused
properly understood the nature and consequences of his plea, due partly to the
intercession by the DPP in the proceedings below.

15 I did not think that _Ulaganathan_ afforded the petitioner any assistance.
The accused’s mitigation plea there had contradicted his admission to the
charge by denying _mens rea_ ; in addition, matters were compounded by the
actions of the DPP in advising the accused to alter his mitigation plea. Both
these circumstances played a key role in my striking out of the plea of guilt.

16 In the present case, the allegations of provocation contained in the
petitioner’s mitigation did not contradict his admissions to the material
elements of the SOF or to the charge. The elements of the offence as admitted
to by him were not qualified in any way.

17 Provocation is not a general defence under the PC. Neither does the
existence of provocation automatically take the offence out of s 323 PC.
Similar to Exception 1 to s 300 PC, the legal requirements of grave and sudden
provocation must be satisfied before an offence under s 334 PC is made out.
The proceedings below did not cast any doubt on the petitioner’s intention to
plead guilty to the present charge. He was ably represented by counsel, as
evidenced by his lengthy and detailed mitigation plea. There was no allegation
by him that he in any way misunderstood the proceedings below.

18 In addition, his mitigation disclosed in great detail the instances of the
alleged provocation. I had no doubt that these very clearly fell short of
satisfying the requirements of “grave and sudden provocation”. In such a
situation, it seemed obvious that the petitioner had raised the fact of
provocation merely as a mitigatory circumstance.

19 As I have held above, it is desirable in such cases for the district judge
or magistrate to conduct further enquiries of the accused to ensure that he
truly intends to plead guilty unreservedly and without qualification. While
this was not done here, the circumstances of this case entitled the judge
below to treat the petitioner’s plea of guilt as unequivocal. The petitioner
had obviously shown his intention to plead guilty unreservedly and without
qualification. I was therefore of the view that the conviction should be
upheld and dismissed the petition.

**The appeal against sentence**

20 There was little to be said here. The appellant contended that the sentence
was manifestly excessive as the judge below did not pay sufficient heed to the
fact that he was provoked, that no serious injuries were suffered by Soh and
that the offence was not premeditated.

21 I found these contentions to be of little or no merit. Soh was not an
innocent victim in any sense of the word, having essentially promulgated the
offence by his actions. However, the fact remained that the appellant’s
reaction here was far in excess of reasonable behaviour. Hitting someone over
the head with a four meter long chain is a serious matter, as pointed out by
the judge below.

22 What worked against the appellant in this instance were his long string of
previous convictions for violent offences, including two prior convictions
under s 324 PC, for causing hurt with a dangerous weapon, as well as a
previous conviction under s 323 PC. His previous sentences were nine and six
months for the offences under s 324 PC and two months for the offence under s
323 PC. He also had prior convictions for robbery and rioting.

23 The appellant clearly showed himself to be a violent man. While Soh had
acted in an antagonistic manner throughout the incident, I did not find 12
months’ imprisonment to be a manifestly excessive sentence, bearing in mind
the appellant’s numerous antecedents. Neither did I agree that the judge below
had failed to sufficiently consider all the factors. Her grounds of decision
showed that she had fully considered all the circumstances of the case.

24 In the result, I was of the view that the sentence should be upheld and
accordingly dismissed the appeal.  

**Conclusion**

25 For the reasons given above, I dismissed both the petition and the appeal
against sentence.

_Petition and Appeal dismissed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

