Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chuah Gin Synn v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 47

Case Number | : | MA 275/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 March 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Chen Chee Yen (Tan Peng Chin LLC) for the appellant; Cheng Howe Ming and Tan Wee Soon (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Chuah Gin Synn — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – First offender – Special
circumstances Whether appropriate to substitute a term of imprisonment with a
fine  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Sentencing – Jurisdiction of
the High Court on appeal from a magistrate's court – Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68) s 11(5)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Power of High Court sitting in
appellate jurisdiction to correct an error in judgment – Where court has not
yet risen for the day – Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68) s 217.  
  

1 The appellant pleaded guilty in the magistrate’s court to one count of
theft, an offence under s 379 of the Penal Code (Cap 224). She was sentenced
to two weeks’ imprisonment and appealed against her sentence. I allowed her
appeal, substituting instead a fine of $2,000, in default two weeks’
imprisonment, and now give my reasons.

**The facts**

2 The appellant is an Australian national who was visiting Singapore in order
to register her marriage to her Singaporean fiancé. On 28 October 2002, she
was at the Metro Department Store in Causeway Point, Woodlands, where a
security guard observed her behaving suspiciously. Specifically, she was seen
putting four different pieces of clothing into her bag, while attempting at
the same time to conceal her actions. The appellant was also seen telling the
cashier that she would return a brassiere to the relevant section of the
store, but instead put the brassiere in her bag and attempted to leave the
store.

3 When confronted by the security guard, a total of 11 items, being ten
blouses and one brassiere, with a total value of $259.70, were found in the
bag. The appellant admitted that she had stolen the items, and pleaded guilty
to the charge of theft in the magistrate’s court.

4 In determining her sentence, the magistrate noted that there had been a
significant increase in the incidence of shoplifting cases in recent months,
thereby warranting the imposition of more severe sentences in order to arrest
the trend. In light of the number of items stolen by the appellant, which
showed both the persistence of her conduct and her audacity, as well as
constituting evidence of premeditation on her part, the magistrate concluded
that a custodial sentence was warranted. He sentenced her to two weeks’
imprisonment.

**The appeal to this court**

5 The appellant’s appeal was made on the basis that the sentence imposed by
the magistrate was manifestly excessive. Counsel for the appellant raised the
issue of the appellant having been on medication for depression at the time of
the offence, when such medication had resulted in her acting out of character
and committing the offence. As the appellant had not been represented in the
lower court, she had failed to appreciate the importance of raising this issue
in mitigation. Counsel also informed me that the appellant’s marriage, which
had originally been scheduled to take place on the day after her conviction in
the magistrate’s court, had now been postponed as a result of the present
proceedings. Finally, he also emphasised that the appellant did not have a
criminal record either in Singapore or in Australia, that she had shown
remorse, and that she had co-operated with the police in their investigations.
As such, he contended that the ends of justice would have been served by the
imposition of a fine.

6 The prosecution objected to the appeal, arguing that the appellant had
committed a serious offence whilst employing a number of surreptitious
techniques. In light of the steady rise in shoplifting cases, it argued for a
deterrent sentence to be imposed in the present case. As for the specific
arguments raised in mitigation by the appellant, the prosecution contended
that the claim of illness on the appellant’s part was of little value as she
had not shown how her illness or the medication had affected her conduct,
which had been shrewd and deliberate. Furthermore, the appellant’s co-
operation with the police was of no mitigating value as she had been caught
red-handed

**The decision of the court**

7 In deciding whether nor not to allow the appellant’s appeal, I noted that
the magistrate had made reference to four cases as supporting his decision to
impose a custodial sentence. In _PP v Innasimuthu s/o DM_ (MA 146/2001) and
_PP v Nurashikin Binte Ahmad Borhan_ (MA 15/2002), the accused persons had
stolen items worth $838 and $9.70 respectively, and had been sentenced to four
months’ imprisonment and two weeks’ imprisonment respectively. I noted,
however, that these two cases were not strictly relevant to the present case,
as in both cases the accused persons had criminal antecedents.

8 More relevant, in my view, were the cases of _PP v Sekharamantri Sairam
Patnaik_ (MA 5941/2002) and _PP v Roddie AK Belamy_ (MAC 7705/2002), where
both accused persons were first offenders. The magistrate had in fact relied
on these two cases as indicative of the tougher steps taken by the courts in
recent months to reverse the rise in shoplifting cases. In _Sekharamantri_ ,
the accused stole four items worth $84.30 and was fined $2000, in default four
weeks’ imprisonment. In _Roddie_ , the accused stole 10 items worth $113.90,
and was sentenced to two weeks’ imprisonment.

9 In light of the above cases, I could not agree with counsel’s submission
that the sentence imposed by the magistrate was manifestly excessive.
Nevertheless, I noted that, as I put it in _Gan Hock Keong Winston v PP_
[2002] 4 SLR 307 at paragraph 27:

> [S]entencing is not a scientific procedure. One cannot simply look at the
> sentence passed in a previous case, and then conclude that the identical
> sentence should be passed in another case with similar facts. If sentencing
> were to be reduced to such a mathematical exercise, then this would severely
> hamper the trial judge’s fundamental discretion to pass sentences in
> accordance with all the factors of a particular case.

10 In light of the particular circumstances of the case, I was inclined to
exercise some measure of clemency towards the appellant. Although the
prosecution was right when it pointed out that illness is not a mitigating
factor save in the most exceptional cases where judicial mercy is exercised –
_PP v Ong Ker Seng_ [2001] 4 SLR 180, I took into account the fact that the
appellant had not appreciated the importance of raising her personal
circumstances to the magistrate. I was also aware that it was not unheard of
to impose a suitably high fine in lieu of imprisonment in shoplifting cases.
For example, in _Chinta Murali Krishna v PP_ (MA 289/2002/01), I had allowed
the appellant’s appeal against a sentence of two weeks’ imprisonment and
imposed a fine of $3500, in default two week’s imprisonment.

11 The above said, bearing in mind that the appellant in _Chinta Murali_ had
only stolen two items worth $77.40, as well as the public policy need to halt
the rise in petty crimes such as shoplifting, I took the view that a heavier
fine was necessary. As such, I allowed the appeal by substituting a fine of
$5,000, in default two weeks’ imprisonment.

12 The appeal having been allowed, it was subsequently brought to my attention
that the appellant had been tried in a magistrate’s court for the offence,
where the jurisdictional limit for a fine is only $2,000 – s 11(5), Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68) (the ‘CPC’). By contrast, the appellant in _Chinta
Murali_ had been tried in a district court, where the jurisdictional limit was
$10,000 – s 11(3), CPC – such that the fine imposed was well-within the
jurisdictional limit. .

13 Section 217 of the CPC provides:

(1) No court other than the High Court, when it has recorded its judgment,
shall alter or review the judgement.

(2) A clerical error may be rectified at any time and any other mistake may be
rectified at any time before the court rises for the day.

In _Chiaw Wai Onn v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 445, I clarified that the effect of this
section was that the subordinate courts could not alter their judgments save
as laid down in subsection (2). However, the phrase "rises for the day" could
not mean that the court rose when it had heard all the cases scheduled for the
day. As I put it in _Chiaw Wai Onn_ at paragraph 74:

Consequently, in practical terms, a court only rose for the day when the
working day for the court had ended. This purposive construction would afford
the judge a realistic opportunity to know of and correct any non-clerical
mistake in the judgment without unduly offending the principle of finality.
The limited time period within which a non-clerical mistake might be rectified
ensured that the accused would not suffer any real detriment.

Finally, I had noted in _Chiaw Wai Onn_ , that although s 217 did not deal
with the High Court’s powers on this issue, applying _Garmaz s/o Pakhar & Anor
v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 401, the High Court in its appellate jurisdiction must
necessarily have whatever powers the lower courts possessed.

14 In the present case, the error with respect to the jurisdictional limit of
the magistrate’s court was noted well within the timeframe contemplated by s
217. Consequently, it was possible for the parties to be summoned back to
court before the court had risen for the day, and I accordingly reduced the
appellant’s fine to $2,000, in default two weeks’ imprisonment. I take the
opportunity to emphasise, however, that the lower fine was imposed solely
because of the jurisdictional limits of the magistrate’s court, and that the
fine of $5,000 that I had imposed initially would have been the more
appropriate punishment for the appellant’s transgressions.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Mar 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

