Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Tan Chun Seng  
[2003] SGHC 44

Case Number | : | CC 3/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 February 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ng Cheng Thiam, Benjamin Yim and Jared E. Pereira (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for the Public Prosecutor; Luke Lee (Luke Lee & Co) (assigned) and Wong Seow Pin (S.P. Wong & Co) (assigned) for the Accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Tan Chun Seng   
  
Criminal Law – Special exceptions – Provocation – Whether ingredients for
defence of grave and sudden provocation met – Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev
Ed) s 300(c) Exception 1  
  

1 The accused is 28 years old and was working as a driver at the time of
arrest. He was arrested at the Changi Airport Cargo Terminal on 16 April 2002
and charged with the murder of a 44-year old deaf-mute called Krishnan s/o
Sengal Rajah on 30 June 2001. Krishnan was battered to death at 10.40pm at the
junction of Perak Road and Dunlop Street that evening. Statements made by the
accused to the police in the course of their investigation were admitted in
evidence without challenge. The accused admitted hitting Krishnan with a
metre-long wooden pole that looked like a baseball bat. It appears in fact to
be the wooden handle of a gardening implement known colloquially as a
"changkul". His defence was called and he elected to testify. The evidence of
the case is as follows.

2 Muni Rajander, who was the owner of a bar called 'Rajini Wines' at 134
Dunlop Street testified that Krishnan (who was known to him as 'Bisu') went to
his bar at 8.30pm of 30 June 2001, and there drank several small bottles of
gin which he shared with his companion (Chandrasegaran). The two men left his
bar at 10.30pm. Chandrasegaran testified that after leaving Rajini Wines,
Krishnan and he went to the 'Back Alley Pub' nearby for another drink. Shortly
thereafter, the two men left the Back Alley Pub together with Chandrasegaran
walking ahead. At one point he (Chandrasegaran) turned and saw Krishnan
talking to some Chinese men. He said he saw nothing else. He went home and
only learned that Krishnan had died the following day. He appears to me to
know more than he had testified, and on several occasions, he deflected
questions from the DPP as well as Mr. Luke Lee, counsel for the accused by
either claiming that he did not know or that the evidence suggested to him was
not true.

3 There were two young Chinese men, Eric Chew, a naval officer and Wilfred
Chen, then a student at the Temasek Polytechnic, who witnessed part of the
incident. They were having supper at a coffeeshop at the corner of Perak Road
and Dunlop Street when Eric Chew heard a noise, sounding like a thud, and then
some 'Hokkien' vulgarities. He turned and saw a Chinese man with a wooden pole
in his hands and a man lying on the road next to him. He saw the Chinese man
hitting the other man at least three times as he lay on the ground. He also
noticed another Chinese man with a crash helmet in his hand standing about a
metre and a half away from the first Chinese man. After the attack, which
ended in less than a minute, the two Chinese men were seen walking away
together. Wilfred Chen gave a similar account of the incident. Both men were
taken to attend an identification parade after the accused was arrested some
ten months later. They were not able to identify the accused positively, but
were able to say that two of the men in the line-up, including the accused,
looked similar to the assailant. Since identity is not crucial in the case of
either prosecution or defence, this aspect of Eric Chew and Wilfred Chen's
evidence has little significance. On the whole, I find the evidence of both
men to be accurate and reliable.

4 Lyn Pereira, a paramedic with Singapore Civil Defence Force received
instruction at 10.49pm to go to the scene. He arrived at 10.58pm and after
examining the body, pronounced Krishnan dead at 11.03pm. Dr. Paul Chui the
forensic pathologist testified that Krishnan died from severe head injuries.
These injuries were sufficient in the ordinary course of nature to cause
death. He thinks that the injury to the head was caused by a single blow, but
could not be certain if other blows had been struck.

5 The accused admitted that he was the person who attacked Krishnan and killed
him. However, he claimed to have done so on a grave and sudden provocation.
His account of the events was as follows. On the night in question, he drove
his newly purchased car to Dunlop Street intending to have supper before going
to Malaysia. Two Indian men, one in a white T-shirt and one in a black
T-shirt, walked towards his car. As they passed him, the one in the black
T-shirt hit the front window of the car on the passenger side. The accused
turned to look at the man who did it and the latter glared at the accused and
challenged him to get out of the car. The accused was infuriated. At the trial
the accused referred to Krishnan as the man in the white T-shirt. The
inescapable conclusion must be that the one in the black T-shirt must be
Chandrasegaran. However, the latter denied that he was wearing black T-shirt
that evening. He claimed that he always wore the kind of shirt he wore at the
trial, which was a short sleeved shirt with patterns. Nothing significant
turns on the evidence of Chandrasegaran, a witness I find to be unreliable.

6 The accused continued with his account as follows. He stopped his car and
rushed to confront the man who hit his car, but he could not see him and
concluded that he must have run into a side lane to hide. The accused then
shouted vulgarities at Krishnan who was still walking along Dunlop Street and
did not respond. The accused stated that he did not know that Krishnan, whom
he had never met before, was a deaf-mute. When he caught up with Krishnan he
asked why his friend had hit his car, but Krishnan continued to walk and the
accused was further enraged and abused Krishnan with vulgarities. Krishnan
pushed the accused on the chest and the accused fell. Realising that he was no
match for the much larger Krishnan in an unarmed fight, the accused picked up
a wooden pole nearby that he had spied as he fell. He went forward with the
pole and started hitting Krishnan with it. He said that he did not intend to
kill and merely wanted to teach him a lesson. He thought that Krishnan had
only fainted when he fell to the ground. He also claimed that he acted alone.

7 Before continuing, I should mention that there are three unsolved mysteries
that emerged from the evidence. The first is that the police had seized
another wooden pole from the car of a man whom that had asked to provide
information in relation to the present case. According to the investigating
officer, the man told him that he had bought the pole for personal protection.
The pole was identical in all respects to the one used by the accused on
Krishnan, but that pole was found on the ground near the scene of crime. No
further information was offered as to why the second man was called for
investigation save that no one else was charged. Secondly, the evidence of
Eric Chew and Wilfred Chen suggests that the second man they saw was a
companion of the accused although he did not participate in the attack. It is
unlikely that a stranger would have either reason or courage to be in such
close proximity where curiosity itself may be offensive to the assailant. But
nothing more is known about this second man. The third is the reluctance of
Chandrasegaran to tell more than what I think he knows. One can speculate a
number of reasons for his reticence, but that is not the function of the
court. Therefore, I am bound to ignore these three incomplete aspects of the
evidence.

8 I come to the defence proper. It must first be mentioned that the accused
had not specifically explained exactly which was the incident that provoked
him. It will be recalled that the initiating moment was the provocation by the
man in the black T-shirt; but that man disappeared from view thereafter and
the accused went on to confront the other man, Krishnan. The accused told
essentially the same story in his statements to the police although these were
given ten months after the event. His wife was called as a prosecution witness
and she testified that the accused had called her from Johor Bahru on 1 July
2001, that is the day after the crime, and told her the same story. There was
a small difference in that he had told her that the Indian man kicked his car
- which differs from his version to the police and in court where he
maintained that the Indian man hit the window of his car with his fist. I am
prepared to put this difference down as a misunderstanding by his wife. She
was wholly uninvolved, and although she and the accused had separated, it
appears to me from her evidence that she was still concerned for his well-
being at the material time. In the circumstances, it is not improbable that
her recollection of the exact words may have been impaired.

9 On the evidence as presented, I find that there is no doubt that Krishnan
was dealt a fatal blow by the accused and that blow was sufficient in the
ordinary course of nature to cause death. It is also beyond any doubt that the
accused intended to strike the said blow at Krishnan. The requirements in law
of the offence of murder has _prima facie_ therefore been made out by the
prosecution against the accused.  What remains is to consider whether the
defence under exception one to s 300 of the Penal Code applies. A provocation
sufficient in law to excuse murder must be grave and sudden, emanating from
the deceased, and it must itself not be provoked by the offender. Mr Ng the
DPP drew my attention to the Hong Kong Court of Appeal case _Ho Chun Yuen v R_
[1961] HKLR 433 in which the court accepted that the conduct from persons
other than the deceased may be included as part of provocation from the
deceased. Mr Ng submitted that this case followed the principle of provocation
as set out in the UK Homicide Act although the law applicable in Hong Kong at
the material time was the common law. The position in Hong Kong today is the
same as that in the UK. Counsel argued that the common law position is the
same as our Exception 1, namely, that the provocation must come from the
deceased alone. I agree with Mr Ng only in my finding that no provocation
emanated from the deceased that could justifiably be considered grave and
sudden. The provocation by Chandrasegaran was, in my view, was also not grave
and sudden. But I would not disagree with the reasoning of the Hong Kong Court
of Appeal. The principle enunciated was that acts by others closely associated
with the deceased and the deceased’s actions that the deceased can be
considered, in effect, to have adopted and joined in the said acts. This
statement was further explained by the court with the following example:

“… merely to put my hands over the eyes of a man from behind might not in
itself appear to be provocation, but if you do that when he is engaged in a
fight with another and trying to ward off the latter's blows then the
significance of your action is very different." Ibid at page 441

Hence, the true test when a third person is involved, is whether the
provocative act of that third person may be regarded in the circumstances of
the case to have been adopted or form part of the provocation of the deceased.

10 It can be annoying when a stranger taps on one's car window for no reason,
and even more so if he did it angrily and follows the act with a challenge to
fight. But that cannot count as a grave and sudden provocation sufficient to
justify a violent attack with a deadly weapon since the person who was
attacked was not the person who offered this provocation. The accused was
fully aware of that. The only provocation that emanated from Krishnan was his
pushing of the accused with such force that he fell. But that was an act, in
my view, provoked by the accused himself. From the point of view of a person
in Krishnan's position, that is to say, to have someone rush at him angrily
shouting vulgarities and behaving belligerently, it is not surprising if that
person responded with either fear or annoyance.  In either case, pushing the
accused away may not be an unreasonable response, but whether that may amount
to anything more would depend on a more thorough investigation of the facts.
That is out of the scope of this trial and in any event, Krishnan is dead and
there were no witnesses to help us. In these circumstances, I will assume,
without casting blame on Krishnan, that he did push the accused a little
harder than he ought to. But a shove or a push in those circumstances, no
matter how violent or unrestrained, cannot extenuate murder. Very little is
known about the accused. There is no known illness or special circumstances to
explain how, if at all, he could have magnified the relatively mild action of
the man who hit his car and Krishnan's push, or even both taken one after the
other cumulatively, until he became seized with such an uncontrollable rage
that expressed itself in the ferocity of the attack. I am thus bound to hold
that there was no grave or sudden provocation to excuse the offence. I hold
therefore that the prosecution had proved its case against the accused beyond
any reasonable doubt.

For the reasons above, I convicted the accused and sentenced him to suffer
death.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Feb 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

