Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Yeow Tat and Another v Tan Yeow Khoon and Others  
[2003] SGHC 14

Case Number | : | OS 406/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 January 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Molly Lim SC and Philip Ling (Wong Tan & Molly Lim LLC) for the Plaintiffs; Leslie Chew SC and Chan Kia Pheng (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the Defendants   
Parties | : |  Tan Yeow Tat; Tan Guek Tin — Tan Yeow Khoon; TanYeow Lam; Ong Yew Huat   
  
Civil Procedure – Experts – Expert appointed by order of court to conduct
valuation of assets – Findings to be binding absent manifest error – Whether
manifestly in error  
  

1\. The plaintiffs and defendants are siblings. The second plaintiff is the
eldest of the four. The others are her brothers of whom the first defendant is
the eldest. The two plaintiffs owned 25% shares between them in three family
companies namely, Soon Hock Transportation Pte Ltd; Soon Hock Container &
Warehousing Pte Ltd; and Cogent Container Services Pte Ltd. The defendants own
the remaining 75%. The first defendant also owned a business known as Wah
Tien. The plaintiffs alleged that the first defendant directed lucrative
contracts from the family companies to contractors through Wah Tien. Through
this way Wah Tien, and thus the first defendant, profited, unnecessarily in
the plaintiffs' view because they were of the view that the contracts ought to
have gone directly to the contractors. Consequently, an attempt was made to
remove the plaintiffs as directors of the family companies. This led to a
major dispute and the prospect of litigation loomed over these matters. The
parties held a meeting on 7 November 1995, and resulting from that meeting,
Bih Li & Lee, the solicitors for the plaintiffs wrote a letter dated 28
November 1995 to the defendants then solicitors Lee Bon Leong & Co. In the
said letter the plaintiffs proposed, upon terms stated, to sell their 25%
shareholding in the three family companies to the defendants. A dispute
subsequently arose as to whether Bih Li & Lee's letter of 28 November created
a valid and binding contract. The parties commenced proceedings by way of two
Originating Summonses to resolve that dispute. The combined hearing before
Rubin J ended with the court's finding that the contract created a valid and
binding agreement. The order of court dated 23 February 1998 contained the
terms of the letter in verbatim form with the intention that they were to be
complied with as orders of court. Following that, the parties appointed an
expert to undertake various audit work in respect of the three companies, and
to work out the purchase price of the plaintiffs' 25% shareholding in the
companies. Ong Yew Huat, the nominal third defendant in the present
proceedings was appointed the expert. There were some disagreement over the
terms of reference and so the parties appeared before Rubin J again on 18
August 1999. The terms were finalised in a Supplementary Order of Court of the
same date. The terms of reference formally signed by the plaintiffs and
defendants on 23 August 1999.

2\. On 15 May 2000 the expert wrote to the parties setting out his draft
findings and inviting response from them. I shall revert to the details of the
above documents shortly. The defendants did not respond, and on 8 June 2000
the expert submitted his report incorporating his findings in the draft
previously sent. This spurred a series of correspondence between the
solicitors for the parties. The cause of the excitement was the different
understanding of some of the terms, including, the phrase "all transactions"
that appeared in the Order Of Court dated 28 February 1998. The parties then
tried to have this question of definition resolve by way of a summon-in-
chambers before Rubin J. Eventually, Rubin J held that he was _functus
officio_ after he made his orders of 28 February 1998. The solicitors for both
sides then withdrew the summons-in-chambers and each commenced a fresh action
by way of an Originating Summons. This present originating summons was
commenced by the plaintiffs on 23 March 2002, essentially for a construction
of the terms and effect of the 23 February 1998 orders of court, as well as
ancillary and consequential orders. The defendants have also taken out an
Originating Summons No. 1733 of 2002 similarly for a construction of another
aspect of the orders of court of 23 February. That Originating Summons was
fixed for hearing before an Assistant Registrar on a date subsequent to the
present hearing. The application before the Assistant Registrar was taken out
by the plaintiffs to strike out the Originating Summons on the ground that the
terms in question are clear and cannot be disputed. I had directed that the
application be heard before me together with the defendants’ Originating
Summons. A date will be fixed for that hearing.

3\. It should be mentioned that the expert's valuation was intended and
understood by the parties to be a non-speaking award, that is to say that no
grounds need be given. Having declared that the award would be a non-speaking
award the expert proceeded to speak; and thus Miss Molly Lim, SC submitted
that the plaintiffs were free to challenge his valuation of $2,949,363 for the
two plaintiffs' 25% shareholding of the three companies which they would not
otherwise be able to. It was not disputed that a sum of $2,000,000 and a
further sum amounting to $79,113.58 had been paid. The plaintiffs are also
claiming immediate payment of the remaining $897,899.42 since it would have
been payable in any event, that is regardless of whether they succeed in this
application before me. However, the defendants are not paying because of their
claim in the other Originating Summons in which they say would reduce the
valuation significantly if they succeed. I now revert to the plaintiffs'
application in this Originating Summons.

4\. It is essential to set out the disputed O 2(1)(b) of the orders of court
of 28 February 1998. That order reads as follows:

"(1) That the book value of the Companies as at 31 October 1995 be audited by
30 April 1998 so that the following adjustments can thereafter be made to the
audited book value of the Companies:

(a) the market value of the immovable properties of each of the Companies;

(b) the payments made by the Companies other than for business purposes, for
the period 1 January 1990 to 31 October 1995;

(c) the transactions between the Companies and Wah Tien for the period 1
January 1990 to 31 October 1995; and

(d) the transactions between the Companies and Hoon Nam for the period 1
January 1990 to 31 October 1995[.]"

The plaintiffs dispute concerned O 2(1)(b) and (c) whereas the defendants'
dispute encapsulated in the other Originating Summons concerned O 2(1)(a).

5\. I now consider the plaintiffs' contentions in respect of O 2(1)(b). In the
course of business of the three companies, cash and cheques were issued to the
directors who, in turn, paid them over to third parties on behalf of the
companies. One of the mutual complaints the parties had against each other was
that the respective directors paid such money for their own purposes and not
for the purposes of the companies. Hence, the order of court required the
expert to make adjustments in his valuation to take into account money paid
_other than for business purposes_. The plaintiffs grievance was that the
expert only adjusted payments to the plaintiff directors and not the payments
to the defendant directors. The expert's position in regard to this complaint
may be seen from three passages. The first is from what appears to be a draft
report dated 15 May 2000 sent to the parties for comment. In that passage he
wrote:

"Both parties have represented to us that there were many instances of cash
withdrawals made by the Directors for operating expenses. However, to date, we
have not received sufficient compelling documentary evidence from the parties
to support their contention. We have taken the position that, in order for the
parties to do so, we would require sufficient documents to establish an
accounting trail, and that verbal representations would be insufficient for
this purpose. Therefore, unless it can be established otherwise, all payments
made to the Directors will be recorded in their individual Directors'
accounts, if this has not already been done".

The second passage comes from his Final Report dated 8 June 2000 in which he
wrote:

"3.5 Clause 2(1)(b) - non-business payments - For the purpose of determining
the [Adjusted Book Value], adjustments will be made for payments made by the
companies for non-business purposes during the period 1 January 1990 to 31
October 1995. It would not include transactions which arose in the period 1
January 1990."

The third passage comes from the expert's solicitors' letter of 20 October
2000 to the plaintiffs' solicitors. In that passage his solicitors wrote:

"We wish to clarify that our clients' Ms Agnes Tan did not represent to your
clients that the amounts taken by the [defendants] from the Companies were
irrelevant. Our clients had in fact taken such amounts into consideration in
the preparation of the Report. The payments which fall within the terms of the
Order of Court and which affect the net book value of the Companies have been
taken into account by our clients, whereas those which do not have not been
taken into account. Further, you will note that under the Terms of Reference,
our clients are not required to determine the [defendant] directors'
accounts".

6\. The plaintiffs' second complaint, that is, in respect of O 2(1)(c) is
founded on this passage from the expert's report:

"For the purpose of determining the [Adjusted Book Value], adjustments will be
made for transactions with Wah Tien and Hoong Nam _which are not for business
purposes_ " (my emphasis)

Counsel submitted that the order of court did not limit the adjustment to
transactions that were not for business purposes. In other words, all
transactions, business or not, must be adjusted. If the business transactions
with Wah Tien are ignored, then the profits that Wah Tien made as a middleman
between the three companies and their general contractors would not be
accounted for and thus diminish the value of the plaintiffs' shareholding.
This was also the plaintiffs' response to the expert's explanation in his 15
May 2000 draft report declared as follows:

"Clauses 2(1)(c) and (d) of the Order of Court state that adjustments should
be made in respect of "transactions between the Companies and Wah Tien/Hoon
Nam" for the period. The Defendants have, in submitting their proposed
adjustments, interpreted these clauses to mean _all_ transactions with these
Companies.

Certain transactions with Wah Tien related to certain goods/services rendered
to the Companies for the construction of the buildings of the Companies. As
such, it would be inequitable to reverse such payments to Wah Tien. To do so
will lead to the implication that the buildings of the Companies were
constructed with zero or minimal cost. We were unable to conduct a separate
assessment of the costs incurred by Wah Tien with other subcontractors. This
is because the Terms of Reference do not include Wah Tien and as such, we have
no access to Wah Tien’s accounts.

We are therefore of the view that it would be unfair and unreasonable to
interpret cl 2(1)(c) and (d) of the Order of Court to include all transactions
with Wah Tien and Hoon Nam, and have proceeded on the basis that adjustments
would only be made for payments to these companies for non-business purposes."

7\. Mr. Leslie Chew, SC appearing for the defendants submitted that the
parties specifically agreed that the expert report "shall be final and binding
on the parties in the absence of manifest error". The apparent simplicity of
this term was ignored because the plaintiffs maintained that a party is
entitled to challenge the grounds of a non-speaking report if the maker had in
fact proceeded to give grounds and the grounds were in fact wrong. Before
proceeding further, it will be useful to set out the basic premise for
upholding a "final and binding" award with all its warts and errors
undisturbed. To this end, I need only cite a passage from the judgment of
Megaw LJ in _Baber v Kenwood_ [1978] 1 Lloyds L R 175, 179:

"The parties desire a measure of certainty and by their words which they have
used in their contract they seek to obtain it. They accept the risk, which
applies equally either way, that an expert may err; but they prefer to accept
the risk rather than the alternative whereby either party would have the right
to create the delay, the expense and, to be frank, the uncertainty of
proceedings in Court, by the allegation that the expert has erred".

In that case the issue concerned the certification of the price of shares by
an auditor as being in his view to be the fair selling price. Similar views
were expressed by the Court of Appeal in _Jones v Sherwood_ [1992] 1 WLR 277.
Dillon LJ in that case went so far as to say that there is no real distinction
between speaking and non-speaking awards for the latter may say little or
much; or they may be "voluble or taciturn if not wholly dumb". _Ibid_ page
284.

8\. Relying on the authorities cited, Mr. Chew, SC contended that there was no
manifest error in the expert report that required correction. He referred to
the expert's letter of 15 May 2000 setting out his draft report and stating
that he (the expert) would be finalising his report within two weeks "based on
the above approach". The expert’s letter closed by stating: "If any of the
parties have a different view on any of the issues above, we are of the view
that the parties should resolve it amongst themselves or seek an appropriate
direction from the court". Neither party responded. The expert delivered his
report on 8 June 2000. Some three months later, the plaintiffs' solicitors
wrote to the expert expressing their view that the report failed to take into
account the directions under the court order fully. On 20 October 2000 the
solicitors for the expert replied. On behalf of the expert, the letter
asserted that there were no manifest error in the report and proceeded to
address the matters raised by the plaintiffs' solicitors. Those matters were
essentially the same ones raised in this Originating Summons. The expert
relied mainly on his understanding of the terms of reference which appeared on
his firm's stationery. The terms were settled by him at a meeting (in which
the plaintiffs' advisor Mr. YC Chee was also present) and agreed by the
parties. Miss Lim, SC argued that the expert did not tell them that he had
placed limitations on his job by confining himself, so far as O 2(1)(b) was
concerned, to payments to plaintiffs other than for business purposes; she
said that her clients thought that they refer to all payments whatsoever. In
respect of the other complaint, under 2(1)(c), the expert explained the
limitations to his job and he took the view that his task was not an
investigative one and as such was unable to review all the previous audited
accounts of the three companies. He maintained that all relevant document that
he required had been examined. He conceded that there were some minor double
accounting and would rectify those errors. Miss Lim, SC took issue with his
explanations and submitted that the expert had no right to interpret the court
order, that his role was to carry out the orders into effect.

9\. The clarity of the legal principles involved in the adjudication of such
applications make it unnecessary for me to elaborate on the law, save to
briefly and humbly, set out the principle that in such cases the courts must
be slow to interfere in the findings of an expert appointed by the parties and
whose findings the parties had agreed to abide as being final in the absence
of manifest error. But I would hold that speed, finality, and economy, being
the underlying basis for this approach do not excel in virtue at the expense
of accuracy and correctness. However, to justify judicial intervention the
inaccuracies or errors must be manifest, and they must gain their significance
from the context of the case in which they appear.

10\. In this case, counsel explained that the plaintiffs did not respond to
the expert's letter of 15 May 2000 since it was not the final report and they
thought that the final report might be different. Although it should not be a
strict rule that the failure to respond (to such invitation) must be held
against the party applying to correct the report, the invitation in question
was quite specific. In it the expert set out his understanding of the already
detailed terms of reference, and stated that he would be finalising his report
on the basis of what he had written. In the face of an invitation worded as
such, it would be remiss on the part of the plaintiffs to pass it over without
objection or query had there been any. When the report was issued there were
no objection for weeks. Although that in itself is a minor point, but it has a
slight bearing on the question as to whether the report had any manifest
error. The expert's response to the plaintiffs' criticism of his report
indicated to me that he had reconsidered the matters complained of even if he
had not (which he denied) taken them into account earlier on. He had given his
explanations which I am loathe to challenge without the assistance of a
qualified expert. I am aware that Miss Lim, SC takes the bold view that the
errors she had complained of on behalf of the plaintiffs were manifest errors
because the order of court was clear. That may be so, but it does appear to me
that there is room for interpretation in the orders and the terms of
reference. Having proceeded in the way he believed to be correct, the expert's
approach ought not to be impugned by making out an argument, even if it was a
strong one, that he was wrong. Such errors are not manifest errors. Manifest
errors, generally, are those that arise in circumstances that have no room for
professional interpretation. Much as Miss Lim, SC thinks that this is so in
the present case, having regard to the exchange of correspondence between her
firm and the expert's solicitors, I do not think that she is right; and if the
expert had adopted an interpretation contrary to a better one, I think that
that is the prerogative implicitly conferred on him by the agreement of the
parties, and now explicitly by the court. For these reasons this application
is dismissed. I shall hear the question of costs at a later date if parties
are unable to agree costs. I further order that the outstanding sum of
$897,899.42 with interest at 6% per annum from 1 September 2001 be paid by the
defendants to the plaintiffs within 14 days but without prejudice to the
defendants’ case in their claim in the other originating summons.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jan 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

