Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Tan Chui Yun Joselyn  
[2003] SGHC 19

Case Number | : | MA 223/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 February 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sia Aik Kor (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the appellant; Cheah Kok Lim (Ang & Partners) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Tan Chui Yun Joselyn   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Controlled drugs – Consumption without authorisation
– Whether evidence adduced sufficient to rebut presumption under Misuse of
Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) s 22  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Credibility – Defence witness a friend of accused –
Whether testimony suspect – Whether trial judge erred in accepting his
evidence  
  

1 This was an appeal by the Public Prosecutor against the decision of the
district judge Hamidah Ibrahim to acquit the respondent Tan Chui Yun Joselyn
(‘Joselyn’) of one charge under s 8(b)(i) of the Misuse of Drugs Act for
unauthorised consumption of a Class B controlled drug.

**The prosecution’s case**

2 On 19 April 2002, SSgt Tuen Chee Lim received information from a third party
that Joselyn was taking part in drug activities involving Ketamine. SSgt Tuen
called Joselyn down for an interview on 25 April 2002 but was unable to take a
statement from her that day as he was occupied. He then sent a letter to ask
her to come down for another interview on 2 May 2002. However, Joselyn only
knew about the letter when she returned from a holiday in Bangkok on 1 May
2002. Joselyn called SSgt Tuen on 2 May 2002 to fix the interview for 3 May
2002 instead, as she was not feeling well.

3 When Joselyn showed up on 3 May 2002, SSgt Tuen observed that she had
bloodshot eyes and slightly slurred speech. He placed her under arrest. Two
bottles of her urine were sent to the Health Science Authority (HSA) for
analysis. Her urine was found to contain Norketamine, a metabolyte of the drug
Ketamine. Dr Lui, an analyst with HSA, testified that when a person consumes
Ketamine, Norketamine would be detected in the urine for about one to three
days after consumption. The time taken for it to dissipate would vary with the
metabolic and excretion rate of the individual.

4 The positive result from the urine tests triggered the presumption from s 22
of the Misuse of Drugs Act. As this Court held in _Vadugaiah Mahendran v PP_
[1996] 1 SLR 24, there was a presumption of both the actus reus and the mens
rea of the offence. As such, the prosecution’s case had been made out and the
defence was called.

**The defence**

5 Joselyn’s defence was that she did not knowingly consume Ketamine. She
claimed that she had known since 25 April 2002, that she was under
investigation for drug-related activities. She testified that she had gone to
the police station on 25 April 2002 with a friend – one Christopher Lim
(‘Chris’) – an ex-police officer who recognised SSgt Tuen as being from the
anti-drug squad. Knowing full well that she was scheduled for an interview and
facing the possibility of being asked to undergo a urine test, it was
extremely unlikely that she would knowingly consume Ketamine shortly before
the day of the interview.

6 As for the presence of Norketamine in her system, she suspected that her
drink could have been spiked when she was at a pub called Madam Wong’s on the
evening of 2 May 2002. She had accepted a drink from a man in a white shirt at
the pub, a man she had seen talking to a friend of hers, one Dennis Ng. She
suspected that Dennis had colluded with the man in the white shirt to spike
her drink as she had previously rebuffed Dennis’ attempts to date her. Chris
gave evidence that corroborated her version of events. Chris testified that he
saw a man in a white shirt approach Joselyn and offer her a drink. Chris also
affirmed that he saw Dennis at the pub that night. Dennis gave evidence that
he was not at the pub that night, nor did he spike her drink.

**Decision of the court below**

7 The district judge found that Joselyn had managed to discharge the burden of
rebutting the s 22 presumption on a balance of probabilities. In reaching her
decision, the district judge acknowledged that she had approached the defence
with greater caution than usual. She had noted that this was not ‘the usual
run of the mill case where an accused is arrested after a raid at a pub and
the usual defence of spiking is raised’.

8 The district judge accepted Joselyn’s evidence that she had known that she
was under investigation for drug-related activities and had come to the
reasonable conclusion that she might be subjected to a urine test. That being
the case, she acknowledged that "…it would have been inconceivable that she
would knowingly consume a controlled drug.." on the day of the interview.
Furthermore, she held that, if Joselyn had knowingly consumed the drug the day
before, she could have easily called to postpone the interview to a later
date.

9 The district judge also preferred the evidence of Chris to that of Dennis.
Though Chris was an ex-boyfriend of Joselyn, the district judge found his
account "clear and lucid" and saw no reason for him to fabricate anything in
her favour. She therefore accepted Joselyn’s version of events – i.e. that she
had accepted a drink from a man in a white shirt who had been seen talking
with Dennis. The district judge found it suspicious that Dennis had lied about
being at the pub that night and this showed that he had something to hide.
This gave rise to the probability that Dennis had indeed colluded with the man
in the white shirt to tamper with Joselyn’s drink.

**The appeal**

10 The Public Prosecutor contended that the district judge erred in her
assessment of the evidence by finding that the defence had managed to rebut
the presumption on a balance of probabilities. In particular, the Public
Prosecutor put forward three grounds of appeal.

(a) The district judge erred in finding that Dennis could have been in cahoots
with the man in the white shirt to tamper with Joselyn’s drink

11 The Public Prosecutor argued that the district judge erred in accepting
Chris’s evidence over that of Dennis, because she failed to consider the fact
that Chris was not a disinterested witness. I was of the view that this did
not constitute a valid ground for disturbing the findings of the trial judge.
Other than the fact that Chris was an ex-boyfriend of Joselyn, there was no
evidence to suggest that he was fabricating evidence to protect her. As this
Court held in _Soh Yang Tick v Public Prosecutor_ [1998] 2 SLR 42 at para 48:

Prima facie just because the appellant’s witnesses were in some way related or
connected to him did not render their testimonies suspect. There must be
additional grounds for rejecting the evidence of such witnesses, or
alternatively the testimonies of these witnesses were so littered with
inconsistencies that they could not be believed.

12 Here, the district judge noted that Chris was no longer Joselyn’s boyfriend
and found that there was no reason for him to fabricate anything in her
favour. Unfortunately, she did not elaborate on her grounds for disbelieving
Dennis’s testimony. However, I was of the view that, while the Court must
necessarily choose between the two conflicting testimonies, it has to keep in
mind the fact that the appellate court has not had the opportunity to observe
the demeanour of the witnesses. As such, it should give due regard to the
trial judge’s assessment of their credibility: _Sundara Moorthy Lankatharan v
Public Prosecutor_ [1997] 3 SLR 464.

(b) The district judge erred in placing undue weight on the fact that Joselyn
did not postpone her appointment dates.

13 Next, the Public Prosecutor contended that the district judge erred in
concluding that Joselyn could have easily postponed the interview to a date
later than 3 May 2002 if she had knowingly consumed Ketamine. The Public
Prosecutor argued that this failed to take into consideration the fact Joselyn
could have simply underestimated the time taken for the drug to dissipate, and
furthermore she could have felt that any further postponement might alert SSgt
Tuen.

14 There was some merit to the argument of the Public Prosecutor. It is
possible that Joselyn could have knowingly consumed the drug and simply
underestimated the time taken for it to dissipate. However, this inference is
hardly irresistible. As such, the fact that Joselyn did not postpone her
interview date was neither here nor there. Though the Public Prosecutor was
correct to contend that one should not put too much weight on this evidence, I
was of the view that this did not constitute a valid ground for overturning
the decision as it did not form the main basis of the district judge’s
decision.

(c) Concluding that the defence has rebutted the presumption on a balance of
probabilities

15 Finally, the Public Prosecutor argued that, even if we accepted the finding
that Joselyn had taken a drink from the man in the white shirt, this should
not be sufficient in law to rebut the presumption on a balance of
probabilities. The man in the white shirt was not produced, nor was there any
evidence to show that the drink had been tampered with. The Public Prosecutor
contended that "…to allow **mere suspicion of spiking** to succeed as a
defence in consumption cases would seriously undermine the efficacy of the
Misuse of Drugs Act in combating drug consumption."

16 In _Cheng Siah Johnson v PP_ [2002] 2 SLR 481, this Court noted that the
defence of spiking is one that is commonly raised because they are allegations
which are extremely easy to make but almost impossible to debunk. It went on
to state that the correct approach to a commonly used defence is to approach
it with greater caution and circumspection than usual in the absence of other
credible evidence. It was apparent from the grounds of decision that the
district judge clearly had the above principles in mind when she reached her
decision.

17 In this case, Chris - a witness who was found to have been ‘clear and
lucid’ - corroborated Joselyn’s version of events. As such, there was a
finding of fact that Joselyn had indeed taken a drink offered her by a man in
a white shirt who had been with Dennis. Had this been the only evidence put
forward, it might have been insufficient to rebut the presumption. However,
there was other evidence to tip the scales in Joselyn’s favour. In particular,
the district judge found the fact that Dennis denied being at the pub on the
night of 2 May 2002 to be significant. If he had been at the pub but had not
spiked her drink, he should simply have testified to that effect. However, his
categorical denial that he had been at the pub, when both Joselyn and Chris
had testified to the contrary, showed that he had something to hide. It was
this fact which led the district judge to conclude that there was a strong
probability that Dennis may indeed have colluded with another person to spike
Joselyn’s drink.

18 Furthermore, I was in agreement with the district judge that this was a
situation that could be distinguished from that in _Cheng Siah Johnson._ Here,
Joselyn had been fully aware almost a week before the urine test was
conducted, that she was under investigation for drug-related activities. At
the least, she would have been alert to the fact that it would be extremely
risky to engage in any drug-related activities that week.

19 The Public Prosecutor contended that the efficacy of the Misuse of Drugs
Act would be undermined if it were held that ‘such flimsy evidence’ was
sufficient to rebut the presumption. While the Courts should be sensitive to
the efficacy of the presumption in combating drug consumption, it is equally
true that the presumption should not place too onerous a burden on a
defendant. In order to rebut the presumption the defence is not required to
show, beyond a reasonable doubt, that someone has tampered with the drinks.
That would be tantamount to making the offence one of strict liability.

20 Whether the defence has managed to rebut the presumption remains a question
of fact to be decided on the totality of the circumstances of each case. In
this case, the defence did not merely assert a suspicion that Joselyn’s drink
had been spiked. Rather, it was bolstered by the fact that Joselyn was in the
unique circumstance of knowing a week beforehand that she was under
investigation for drug related activities and also because the district judge
had found Dennis to be lying. While it was true the defence put forward a
commonly used defence, it is not a rule of law that it cannot be accepted.
Instead, the approach is one of greater circumspection and caution. Based on
the above, I was of the view that the decision of the district judge reflected
this principle and was not against the weight of evidence. As such, the
appellate court should be slow to disturb this finding.

**Conclusion**

21 In light of the above reasons, I decided that the Public Prosecutor’s
appeal be dismissed

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Feb 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

