Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Khua Kian Keong and Another v Public Prosecutor  
[2003] SGHC 238

Case Number | : | MA 20/2003, 21/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan (Straits Law Practice LLC) for the first appellant; Thangavelu (Rajah Velu & Co) for the second appellant; Eddy Tham (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Khua Kian Keong; Pang Ee-Zian — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Approach to be adopted by
appellate court – Whether to interfere with inferences drawn by trial judge  
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Burden and standard of proof – Reliance on one
prosecution witness – Whether Prosecution's case proven beyond a reasonable
doubt  
  
Evidence – Weight of evidence – Whether undue weight given to sole prosecution
witness – Whether due weight given to accused's witnesses  
  
Evidence – Witnesses – Prosecution's failure to offer or call witnesses –
Whether adverse inference to be drawn against Prosecution – Evidence Act (Cap
97, 1997 Rev Ed) s 116 illustration (g)  
  
Road Traffic – Offences – Drink driving – Whether under influence of drink to
extent of being unfit to drive – Whether driving after consumption of alcohol
exceeding prescribed limit – Road Traffic Act (Cap 276, 1997 Rev Ed) ss
67(1)(a) and 67(1)(b)  
  

1 The two appellants were convicted under ss 67(1)(a) and 67(1)(b) of the Road
Traffic Act (Cap 276) (“RTA”) respectively. The district judge sentenced the
first appellant, Khua Kian Keong (“Khua”) to two weeks’ imprisonment and a
fine of $4,000. Additionally, Khua was disqualified from holding or obtaining
all classes of driving licences for 48 months after his release from
imprisonment. The second appellant, Pang Ee-Zian (“Pang”) was sentenced to pay
a fine of $3,000, and was disqualified from driving for 24 months. The police
had conducted the prosecution in the trial below. Both appellants appealed
against their conviction and sentence. I allowed their appeals against
conviction and now give my reasons.

**Background**

2 Khua claimed trial to the following charge:

You, Khua Kian Keong, Male, 33 years old, NRIC No: S6830009F, are charged that
you, on or about the 8th day of August 2001 at about 3.00 am, along
Mountbatten Road towards ECP, Singapore, when driving motor car SCN 8780 U on
the road was unfit to drive in that you were under the influence of drink to
such an extent as to be incapable of having proper control of your vehicle, to
wit, by driving in an unsteady manner, and weaving in and out and nearly
grazed the left road kerb, and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under Section 67(1)(a) of the Road Traffic Act, Chapter 276.

And further that you, before the commission of the offence, that is to say on
the 9th day of May 1996, at Court 21 of the Subordinate Courts, Havelock
Square, Singapore, had been convicted of an offence under Section 67(1)(b) of
the Road Traffic Act, Chapter 276 in TAC 120/96, which conviction had not been
set aside.

Under s 67(1) of the RTA, mandatory imprisonment is prescribed upon a second
conviction.

3 Pang faced the following charge:

You, Pang Ee-Zian, Male, 33 years old, NRIC No: S6800819J, are charged that
you, on or about the 8th day of August 2001, at about 3.02 am, along
Mountbatten Road towards ECP, Singapore, when driving motor car SCN 8780 U did
have so much alcohol in your body that the proportion of it in your breath
exceeded the prescribed limit and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under Section 67(1)(b) of the Road Traffic Act, Chapter 276.

The prosecution’s case

4 According to the testimony of Senior Staff Sergeant Sairi Bin Aman
(“Sairi”), he was manning a road block along Mountbatten Road, which was
situated about 200 metres after a bend. At about 3.00 am, he saw the
appellants’ car make a sudden turn into a bus bay after navigating the bend.
It then stopped and its headlights were switched off. Sairi alerted Sergeant
Arman Bin Mohd Ali (“Arman”), who was stationed at the bus bay, to the
presence of the car. Before Arman could approach it, the car moved off towards
the road block. Sairi observed that it was being driven in a “zigzag” manner
between two lanes, and that it nearly grazed the left kerb at one stage. After
signalling to the car to stop, he asked the driver, Khua, for his particulars
before instructing him to pull the car over to the side of the road.

5 The car moved for about three car lengths to the side, while Sairi walked
behind it. When the car stopped, Khua and Pang stepped out to change seats.
The car was then driven for another two to three metres. Sairi ran to the car,
shouting at them to stop. Khua was by then seated at the front passenger seat
and he denied being the driver of the car. Sairi noticed that Khua smelt of
alcohol and was unsteady in his gait. He subjected Khua to a breath analyser
test and the result was 32 micrograms per 100 millilitre of breath. The legal
limit is 35 micrograms according to s 71C of the RTA. Subsequently, Pang was
interviewed by Sairi and he failed the breath test (result of 52 micrograms).
Both were then arrested. Sairi tendered his log book in which he recorded this
event after the arrest.

6 The prosecution’s case hinged solely on Sairi’s account, as the other
prosecution witness, Arman, could not assist the court on any pertinent facts.
He testified that he did not observe the car after it moved off and he then
left the scene.

The defence

7 The appellants claimed that Khua had arranged to meet Pang and a friend,
Chang Yoke Wooi (“Chang”), at a pub. Khua intended to hand over his car to
Pang for the purpose of Chang’s wedding that day. Although Pang was supposed
to drive, he and Chang drank brandy while waiting for Khua. They thus decided
to call Chang’s brother, Shang Chung Yoke Choy (“Shang”), to come down and
drive the car. While waiting for Shang, Khua consumed two glasses of brandy
diluted with water. They decided that Khua would drive to his Khua’s home
first before Shang took over. All four of them testified that Khua was not in
a drunken state when leaving the pub. He had been convicted once before of
drink driving and knew the dire consequences of another conviction. Pang sat
in the front passenger seat while both Chang and Shang were in the back
passenger seats.

8 Khua drove normally till he negotiated a bend and suddenly saw a road block
ahead. He started panicking as he recalled that he had consumed alcohol, so he
swerved into the bus bay located just after the bend. After being assured by
Chang that he had not drunk much, Khua then proceeded to drive normally
towards the road block. There were many police officers at the road block and
there was at least one car being inspected in front of them. When it was the
appellants’ turn, Sairi asked Khua for his driving licence and identity card.
Khua also admitted to drinking alcohol upon being questioned. After the car
was pulled over at the side of the road, Khua was unreasonably told to repeat
the breath test at least three times. A heated argument between Khua and Sairi
then ensued. Pang was also told to do a breath test, after which both Khua and
Pang were handcuffed to be transported to the police station.  

**The decision below**

9 The trial judge found that Sairi was a truthful witness and his evidence had
no material discrepancies despite extensive cross-examination. Additionally,
Sairi’s observations in his log book were given due weight as contemporaneous
records. The judge dismissed the argument that it was ridiculous for the
appellants to switch seats, since “one cannot account what desperation and
panic can make a man do”.

10 The judge then found that the appellants’ version was not believable. Khua
had probably panicked because he knew he was not in proper control of his car.
His reason for driving was not convincing as he could have easily given Shang
directions. It was also remarkable that Pang claimed that he could not
remember many things and yet he could distinctly remember that he did not
switch seats. The passengers, Chang and Shang, had reason to assist the
appellants since they were close friends and drinking buddies. Their evidence
was therefore treated with caution by the judge.

11 Finally, the judge refused to draw an adverse inference against the
prosecution for failure to call other witnesses, under s 116, illustration (g)
of the Evidence Act (Cap 97). He did not find that these witnesses were
material and indispensable, since the prosecution’s case had been sufficiently
proved by other evidence. Neither could he find any ulterior motive behind the
failure to call other witnesses. He took cognisance of the seriousness of
drink driving as an offence, and sentenced the appellants accordingly.

**The appeal**

12 Both appellants raised several arguments in common: -

(a) The trial judge failed to ascribe the correct evidential value to each
witness. In particular, he relied solely on and placed undue weight on Sairi’s
evidence;

(b) The evidence proffered by the appellants was rejected without any apparent
reason. The trial judge did not address his mind to the testimony of the
passengers, Shang and Chang; and

(c) An adverse inference under s 116, illustration (g) of the Evidence Act
(Cap. 97), should be drawn against the prosecution, for its failure to offer
to the defence the 11 other police officers present at the scene as witnesses.

Principles of appellate intervention

13 It is beyond dispute that an appellate court will be slow to overturn
findings of fact by the trial judge especially when an assessment of the
credibility and veracity of the witnesses has been made: _Ang Jwee Herng v PP_
[2001] 2 SLR 474 and _PP v Hendricks Glen Conelth_ [2003] 1 SLR 426. I
reiterated the requirements for appellate intervention in _Ang Jwee Herng_.
The trial judge’s decision must be “ _plainly wrong_ or _against the weight of
the objective evidence_ _before the court_ ”.

14 If however the trial judge’s assessment of a witness’ credibility was based
not so much on his demeanour as a witness, but on inferences drawn from the
content of his evidence, the appellate court is in as good a position as the
trial court to assess the same material: _Awtar Singh s/o Margar Singh v PP_
[2000] 3 SLR 439. The appellate court might not be in a position to assess the
witness’ demeanour, but it should not refrain from evaluating the conclusions
of the trial judge based on all the facts known to him. The Court of Appeal in
_Bala Murugan a/l Krishnan & Anor v PP_ [2002] 4 SLR 289 provided an another
expression, namely that interference is justified when “ _inferences drawn by
the trial court were found to be not supported by the primary facts on the
record_ ”. I had summed up this principle in _Sahadevan s/o Gundan v PP_
[2003] 1 SLR 145:

Nevertheless, while an appellate court should be reluctant to interfere with a
finding of fact, it is always free to form an independent opinion about the
proper inference to be drawn from a finding of fact.

15 My view is that the inferences drawn by the trial judge, independent of his
observation of demeanour, were incorrect. These errors had led to convictions
that were against the weight of the evidence. It was highly questionable to me
whether the prosecution’s case was proven beyond a reasonable doubt.

Whether undue weight was given to Sairi’s testimony

16 Both appellants highlighted the danger of relying solely on Sairi’s
evidence. There is no prohibition against relying on one witness. A conviction
may be warranted on the testimony of one witness alone, so long as the court
is aware of the dangers and subjects the evidence to careful scrutiny: _Low
Lin Lin v PP_ [2002] 4 SLR 14. Counsel for Pang claimed that the trial judge,
despite acknowledging that this case hinged totally on the credibility of the
witnesses and that a minute examination of their testimonies must be done,
failed to make such detailed scrutiny. I found that this minute examination
was indeed lacking. A careful scrutiny of Sairi’s testimony would have
revealed many weaknesses which rendered the convictions extremely unsafe.

17 My greatest difficulty with Sairi’s testimony was his allegation that the
appellants swapped seats after being stopped at the road block. According to
his examination-in-chief, Sairi obtained Khua’s identity card and driving
licence, ascertained their authenticity by looking at him, and shone a torch
into the car which enabled him to have a good look at both appellants. Yet, as
Sairi walked alongside the car which was moving to the side of the road, both
appellants emerged from the car to switch seats in full view of Sairi. It
defied logic to switch seats in the hope of deceiving Sairi, when Sairi had
already obtained Khua’s particulars and recognised his face. If Khua had
planned to switch seats, he would logically have done so surreptitiously at
the bus bay before the road block, where he had switched off his headlights.
This was all the more likely as both Khua and Pang did not see Arman at the
bus bay and would have perceived this moment as an opportune time to switch
seats. Furthermore, it was ludicrous for Khua to ask Pang instead of Shang
(who was perfectly sober) to replace him, when Pang was more drunk than him.
Above all, it was futile for Pang to proceed to drive merely two to three
metres after Sairi had already stopped the car and seen Khua at the driver’s
seat.

18 Sairi’s testimony was also not consistent with the fact that Khua was alert
enough to react almost instantaneously after noticing the road block, and to
drive into the bus bay. Sairi himself conceded that Khua must have been quite
alert and also admitted that Khua was driving slowly when turning into the bus
bay. It was then incredible that, after being alert and driving at a safe
speed, Khua proceeded to drive dangerously while fully conscious that he was
being watched by the police. The objective evidence that Khua was capable of
taking such swift action was thus in stark contrast to Sairi’s description of
his driving. I had earlier held in _Ang Kah Kee v PP_ [2002] 2 SLR 104 that
reasonable doubt could be cast over the prosecution’s case by pointing to
inherent flaws or improbabilities in its logic and evidence. The facts before
me were inherently illogical and undermined the prosecution’s case. It was
dangerous to convict Pang based only on Sairi’s observation of the “zigzag”
movement of the car for 200 metres.

19 I might have accepted the above remarkable facts if the trial judge had
made the correct inference that there was no material discrepancy in Sairi’s
evidence. Khua’s counsel sought to highlight discrepancies in Sairi’s
evidence, but some of these were immaterial. One such argument was that Sairi
estimated the distance between the bus stop and road block wrongly, but this
shortfall was not pertinent to the question of whether Sairi saw the car being
driven in a zigzag manner. It was also submitted that Sairi could not have
observed Khua swaying when walking from one point to another, when he had not
asked Khua to walk in a straight line. It was not inherently improbable for a
police officer to observe a person’s unsteady gait without conducting an
actual test of walking in a straight line. Nonetheless, from my review of the
notes of evidence, I found that Sairi was a hopelessly confused witness. The
trial judge would not have convicted the appellants if he had detected the
flaws in Sairi’s evidence.

20 First, Sairi seemed unsure as to when he decided to use the two cars as a
barrier, or at which stage he saw the appellants driving dangerously. The
trial judge found that he had stopped two other cars after Khua’s car moved
off from the bus bay. However, Sairi had categorically stated in examination-
in-chief that two cars were stopped at the road block _earlier_ as a barrier,
before Khua’s car was spotted. Evidently, there was no reason for him to take
this precaution before he spotted the appellants’ car swerving into the bus
bay. Yet, he maintained that the two cars arrived at the road block when
Khua’s car was seen coming round the bend (_before_ the bus bay). When
questioned as to why he had to take this precaution, he gave the answer that
the _car had suddenly turned into the bus bay_. When asked if he was changing
his evidence as to the sequence, he denied it but did not give a satisfactory
explanation.

21 This confusion was accentuated later when he testified that he asked the
two cars to stop because _he saw that Khua’s car was being driven in a zigzag
manner_. This contradicted earlier evidence that he only saw this unsteady
driving when the car drove from the bus bay to the road block, and that the
two cars were there even before the car turned into the bus bay. If this last
statement was true, it implied that he saw Khua driving in a zigzag manner
even before Khua stopped at the bus bay, which could not be so as he only
noticed the car after it emerged from the bend. The appellants’ counsel had
argued below that the two cars were present earlier, as part of Sairi’s
routine check. While Sairi denied checking the vehicles, it was a likely
situation since the alternative was quite remarkable - that the two cars
arrived at exactly the same time as the moment Sairi saw Khua’s car turning
round the bend, and Sairi decided to stop them as a barrier though Khua had
yet to exhibit any suspicious behaviour.

22 Next, I detected similar vacillations in Sairi’s testimony regarding his
alerting of the other officers. Initially, he testified that when he saw the
car (which was at the bus bay, _before it reached the road block_), he alerted
_other officers_ to observe it. Yet, subsequently, he stated that he _only
informed Arman_ to be alert, when the car turned to the bus bay. He _did not
alert anyone after this._ However he altered his evidence by stating that,
when he saw Khua’s car being driven in a dangerous manner _from the bus bay to
the road block_ , he alerted Arman and the others would have heard it. Upon
being confronted with this inconsistency, he reverted to his previous version
that he only _contacted Arman when the car drove to the bus bay_ and did not
alert anyone after that. The glaring discrepancy was not explained.

23 If Sairi had indeed informed one officer, and the others heard it on the
personal radio system, it is most puzzling why no other officer seemed to have
taken note of the car. After all, according to Sairi, the car was “posing a
danger to the driver, passenger and any other road users”. Arman, who was
instructed to watch the movement of the car at the bus bay, strangely decided
to ignore what happened after the car left the bus bay. He walked back to his
station and did not keep observation of the car after that, despite the
explicit instructions. Ten other police officers were on duty and Sairi
conceded that there were at least two police vehicles present.

24 The whereabouts of the other ten police officers was also an enigma to me.
Sairi, despite being section leader of the patrol team, was slow to supply
details as to the number of officers present. Initially, he testified that
there were more than five other officers, though he could not remember the
exact number. When asked to look at his log book, he said that 11 others were
on duty and could have been attending to other traffic violators or updating
diaries. During cross-examination, Sairi said that they had been dispatched to
attend to other messages. The following exchange then ensued:

Q: What about the other 11 officers. Where were they doing at that time?

A: The other officers may have been dispatched by our Ops Room to attend to
other messages. I did not write down or observed [_sic_] the movements of the
other officers.

Q: You mentioned earlier that there were some officers who were checking other
cars?

A: I did not say that the other officers were checking other cars.

Q: But there were some officers who were engaged with other violators?

A: Yes.

Q: So there were other cars that had been stopped?

A: At the particular time when Accused’s car was stopped, no. These cars had
been stopped before the Accused’s car was stopped.

Q: At the material time, some officers were engaged with other violators.
Therefore they were still around the road block?

A: Yes. These violators could be motor-cyclists and cyclists. Not pedestrians.

25 Sairi, after giving a different explanation for the absence of other
officers, then denied that there were other cars being stopped by them. Upon
realising that this answer was not consistent with his previous statement that
they were dealing with other violators or were updating diaries, he had to
offer a reason - some officers were dealing with motorcyclists and cyclists.
He could no longer state that they were attending to cars, as he had said
earlier that only two cars were stopped before the appellants arrived. It was
difficult to believe that there were so many motorcyclists and cyclists at
3.00 am, and none of the officers showed any sign of noticing Khua despite the
alert. There were at least two officers, Staff Sergeant Safaruan Kasman and
Sub-Inspector Ong Chang Leong, present at the scene who administered the
breath test for the two appellants and made conditioned statements. Also, out
of all these 11 officers, none tended the road block after Sairi left his
place to question the appellants. Sairi’s account seemed to create the
impression that he was the only police officer at the road block and who
witnessed the events, which was plainly untrue as there were at least two
others assisting him in tending to the appellants. Why Sairi would want to
diminish the involvement of any other police officer was a mystery.

26 In short, Sairi’s entire account lacked persuasiveness due to multiple
vacillations. Since his account of how the appellants switched seats was
inherently improbable, his discrepancies further undermined the credibility of
his testimony which was, unfortunately, the sole evidence relied on for
conviction. Therefore, in the light of the tenuous evidence of Sairi, I could
not agree with the trial judge’s inferences that Khua had driven his car in a
dangerous manner, Khua had switched seats with Pang and Pang had driven the
car for a few metres.

27 I noted that there were other aspects of Sairi’s testimony which
cumulatively cast reasonable doubt on the prosecution’s case. First, some
weight should have been ascribed to Khua’s breath test results. His result of
32 micrograms per 100 millilitres of breath was below the prescribed level of
35 micrograms. Admittedly, s 67(1)(a) of RTA, unlike s 67(1)(b), does not
stipulate the proportion of alcohol which must be found to exceed the
prescribed limit. The difference in the drafting of the two sections was
probably meant to cater to a situation when, according to the police officer’s
discretion, the driver was unfit to control his vehicle even though he did not
fail the breath test, or if a breath test was not conducted. Since the finding
of an offence under this section rested heavily on the police officer’s
discretion, that discretion must be thoroughly examined to ensure reliability.
My opinion was that this discretion was not accurately exercised by Sairi. On
the contrary, the fact that Khua did not fail the breath test lent credence to
his claim that he only consumed two cups of diluted brandy. The extent of
alcohol consumed might have come dangerously close to the limit, but the lack
of infringement, coupled with Sairi’s weak evidence and the improbability of
his account, cast reasonable doubt on the prosecution’s case.

28 Finally, Khua’s counsel submitted that the trial judge was wrong to treat
the log book records as contemporaneous records that buttressed Sairi’s
testimony. I decided that the log book records could not be given much weight
in corroborating Sairi’s evidence or in neutralising the above deficiencies in
his testimony. The “important notes” in the log sheet specifically stated that
if a police officer were to use the log book when appearing as witness, it
could only be used if the notes were made _at or shortly after_ the event.
Sairi testified that he only recorded the facts on the same day after he
lodged the arrest report. In the latter, the time stated was 3.15 am, while
the time Sairi spotted the appellants was 3.00 am according to his testimony.
It was not known how soon after the report Sairi wrote in his log book. In any
event, it held little weight as being contemporaneous evidence, a decision to
charge a person should be based on contemporaneous written evidence adduced
_before_ charging. The basis of the charge was undermined once the evidence
which prompted the police to charge was only manufactured _after_ the arrest
report.

Whether the trial judge gave due weight to the evidence of the appellants

29 I did not discount the possibility that there might have been reason for
the appellants’ friends, Shang and Chang to assist the appellants, but that
possibility alone could not form the basis for rejecting their evidence. As I
held in _Soh Yang Tick v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 42, the mere fact that the
appellant`s witnesses were in some way related or connected to appellant did
not render their testimonies suspect. “There must be additional grounds for
rejecting the evidence of such witnesses, or alternatively the testimonies of
these witnesses were so littered with inconsistencies that they could not be
believed.”

30 If all the appellants and their witnesses were lying, it would have been
easy to detect inconsistencies. Yet, having perused the notes of evidence, I
found their versions to be consistent and cogent. Unlike the inadequacies
found in cross-examination of Sairi, there were no such discrepancies in their
testimonies. Both Pang and Shang had earlier made statements to the police,
which were similar to their examination-in-chief. The prosecution did not list
any discrepancies in their previous statements. Also, all their testimonies
corresponded in stating when they observed police officers appearing, and that
there was more than one police officer present. All of them noted that there
were at least two officers at the road block. Khua and Chang both mentioned
that there was one officer each at the right and left of the road block
stopping point. Pang also testified that there were at least two officers,
while Shang said that there were other police officers at the road block while
one talked to Khua.

31 Moreover, if they were colluding in their testimony, instances of
embellishment of evidence would abound, but they were absent. Shang, who was
perfectly sober that night, could have easily said that he had kept his eyes
open throughout the entire journey and thus could have noticed if Khua was
driving dangerously. Yet, he admitted that he had closed his eyes to rest,
though he did not sleep. Also, instead of asserting that there was a dispute
between Khua and Sairi, he said that he did not know if there was a dispute,
but only noticed they were talking very loudly and Khua had his breath tested
a number of times. Likewise, Chang conceded that the headlights were switched
off at the bus bay, which Khua said was done to avoid detection. This
statement might have incriminated Khua as it could reflect a guilty
conscience, but they did not refrain from testifying about this detail.

32 The unusual circumstance here that appeared to weaken the appellants’
account was that Khua chose to drive the car despite having drunk two cups of
diluted brandy and despite his previous conviction. The trial judge emphasised
this, arguing that he had probably panicked because he knew that he was not in
proper control of the vehicle. Nevertheless, Khua’s account of being seized
with sudden panic due to having a previous conviction was more believable in
the light of the consistencies in the appellants’ accounts. On the contrary,
the prosecution, which was tasked with the burden of proving their case beyond
reasonable doubt, submitted a case that lacked logic and was riddled with
inconsistencies. In the light of the appellants’ consistent account, and the
weakness in the sole prosecution witness’ account, the convictions of both
Pang and Khua were against the weight of the overall evidence.

Whether an adverse inference should have been drawn against the prosecution
for its failure to offer other witnesses to the defence

33 This adverse inference can be drawn when the prosecution fails to call
certain witnesses, or fails to offer them to the defence: _Satli bin Masot v
PP_ [1999] 2 SLR 637. It is founded on s 116 illustration (g) of the Evidence
Act:

The court _may_ presume… the existence of any fact which it thinks likely to
have happened, regard being had to the common course of natural events, human
conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to the facts of
the particular case.

Illustration: The court _may_ presume:

(g) that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it; (emphasis added)

34 Clearly this is a discretionary and not a mandatory inference: _Chua Keem
Long v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 510, _Chia Sze Chang v PP_ [2002] 4 SLR 523 and _Satli
bin Masot_. The appellate court has to evaluate if the trial judge had
exercised his discretion correctly. Strict criteria have been stipulated
before this adverse inference can be drawn against the prosecution, namely
that:

(a) the witness not offered was a material one: _Chua Keem Long_ , _Lau Song
Seng & Ors v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 663 followed by _Satli bin Masot_ ;

(b) the prosecution was withholding evidence which it possessed and which was
available: _Ang Jwee Herng v PP_ and _Amir Hamzah bin Berang Kuty v PP_ [2003]
1 SLR 617; and

(c) this was done with an ulterior motive to hinder or hamper the defence:
_Ang Jwee Herng_ , _Wong Leong Chin v PP_ [2001] 1 SLR 146 and _Chia Sze
Chang_.

35 The court is generally reluctant to draw this inference against the
prosecution. I explained the rationale in _Chua Keem Long:_

The discretion conferred upon the prosecution cannot be fettered by any
obligation to call a particular witness. What the prosecution has to do is to
prove its case. It is not obliged to go out of its way to allow the defence
any opportunity to test its evidence. It is not obliged to act for the
defence.

36 Various guidelines have been formulated to decide what constitutes a
“material witness”, such as whether the absence of the witness(es) would lead
to the demolition of the prosecution’s case: _Ang Jwee Herng_ , and whether
the witnesses called sufficiently established the prosecution’s case so that
any other witnesses were not essential: _Chia Sze Chang, R Yoganathan v PP_
[1999] 4 SLR 264 and _Chua Keem Long_. Although I found that Sairi’s evidence
alone did not establish the prosecution’s case, I decided that the other
police officers were not material or essential witnesses. In previous cases
when I drew adverse inferences, I found the witnesses material only when the
witnesses called did not sufficiently establish the prosecution’s case. In
addition, the evidence of the other witnesses who were not called was
_ascertainable_. For instance, in _Sahadevan s/o Gundan v PP_ [2003] 1 SLR
145, there was clearly another person who witnessed the incident concerned.
The prosecution had relied solely on the complainant’s evidence, which had
serious inconsistencies affecting his credibility. The complainant alleged
that a passer-by had witnessed the incident, but the prosecution did not call
him to corroborate the complainant’s account. Likewise, in _Khoo Kwoon Hain v
PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 767, the victim of a sexual offence had testified about
complaining to her aunt, but the prosecution failed to identify this aunt or
call her as witness to corroborate the victim’s account. In another case, _Lau
Song Seng v PP_ , I held that there was scant evidence of a conspiracy, and
the prosecution did not call a witness who undoubtedly had personal knowledge
of the alleged conspiracy. In all these cases, there was no doubt that other
witnesses had cognisance of the incidents concerned, but the prosecution had
failed to call on them to testify.

37 On the facts before me, there was no clear indication that the other
officers, though present at the scene, had witnessed the incident. I was
inclined to this conclusion since Arman, who was at the bus bay, did not
observe how the car was driven. The content of their testimony was a matter of
pure speculation, as the court did not know if they were eyewitnesses.
Additionally, the other police officers might have been of no assistance to
the court as they could have been as confused as their patrol leader, Sairi.
There would have been stronger ground to draw an adverse inference if Sairi
had alleged that the other police officers witnessed the incident and could
corroborate his account. However, since the prosecution chose to rely on only
one witness and there was no certainty of there being other eyewitnesses, I
found that the other officers were not material witnesses. Consequently, once
the testimony of the others was unascertainable, I could not conclude that the
prosecution was withholding material evidence which it possessed.

38 The appellants also could not show that the failure to call other witnesses
was motivated by an ulterior motive to hamper the defence. This condition is
normally difficult to establish with concrete evidence, especially since the
prosecution’s discretion in calling witnesses should not be unduly fettered.
The court would only infer the presence of ill intent when the witness was
essential, the court could ascertain the witness’ evidence and the witness was
available to the prosecution at the time of the trial. Only then can
interference be warranted due to a miscarriage in justice, as I held in _Chua
Keem Long_. __ In _Ang Jwee Herng,_ the prosecution did not have the means of
contacting the witness, but clearly set out his role in the case. No
intentional concealment could be found. In _Chia Sze Chang,_ the witness
called was found credible, and the other witnesses who were not called were no
longer available, having departed from Singapore. Before me, the appellants
did not convince me that any miscarriage of justice occurred, as the witnesses
were not material to begin with.

39 The above principles are well crystallised in this statement, which I made
in _Lim Young Sien v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 257, and reiterated in _Chua Keem Long_
:

In our judgment, the law is well settled that, in a criminal case, the
prosecution has a discretion whether or not to call a particular witness,
provided that there is no ulterior motive, and the witness, who is available
to, but not called by, the prosecution, is offered to the defence.

40 The other police officers were presumably available at the time of trial
and the prosecution could have offered them to the defence. However, as in
_Roy S Selvarajah v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 517, the defence knew about these
witnesses and could have reminded the prosecution to identify and offer them.
The failure by the defence to do so could not, in the absence of
incontrovertible evidence of ill intent on the prosecution’s part, be reason
for the appellate court to now draw an adverse inference. Though I upheld the
trial judge’s decision in this respect, my conclusion above, that the
prosecution’s case was not proven beyond a reasonable doubt, was still valid.
Drawing an adverse inference would not have made a discernible difference on
the facts before me.

**Conclusion**

41 In my opinion, Khua gave the trial judge room to suspect that he had
committed the offence, as he had consumed alcohol (albeit less than the limit)
and then decided to drive despite having a previous conviction. I had
emphasised the seriousness of drink driving in _Sivakumar s/o Rajoo v PP_
[2002] 2 SLR 73, in which I commented that a motor car in the hands of an
inebriated person is a potentially devastating weapon. Notwithstanding that
Khua’s imprudence warranted rebuke, the particular inadequacies of the sole
prosecution witness rendered the conviction of both appellants highly unsafe.
In the event, I allowed both appeals, and ordered the convictions and
sentences to be set aside. The fines paid were refunded to the appellants.

Appeals against conviction allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

