Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Teck Guan Sdn Bhd v Beow Guan Enterprises Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 203

Case Number | : | Suit 331/2003, RA 174/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 10 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Tan Lee Meng J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Yong Kai Chang (Drew & Napier LLC) for the appellants/defendants; Edwin Mah Chwee Bock (Phang & Co) for the respondents/plaintiffs   
Parties | : |  Teck Guan Sdn Bhd — Beow Guan Enterprises Pte Ltd   
  
Arbitration – Agreement – Incorporation – Defendant relying on contractual
clause referring to rules of Cocoa Merchants' Association of America – Whether
arbitration clause incorporated by reference  
  

1\. The appellants, Beow Guan Enterprises Pte Ltd (“BG”), who were sued by the
respondents, Teck Guan Sdn Bhd (“TG”), for non-delivery of a consignment of
Sulawesi cocoa beans, sought an order that the action against them be stayed
on the ground that their contract required the dispute to be resolved through
arbitration. Their application for a stay of proceedings was dismissed by the
assistant registrar. I dismissed BG’s appeal against the assistant registrar’s
ruling and now set out the reasons for my decision.

Background

2\. In June 2000, TG purchased 1,000 metric tonnes of Sulawesi cocoa beans
from BG. The FOB contract provided for the cocoa beans to be loaded in
Indonesia and shipped to Malaysia. It was agreed that 500 metric tonnes of the
cargo would be delivered to TG in September 2000 and the balance of the agreed
cargo would be delivered to TG in November 2000. The first shipment of 500
metric tonnes of cocoa beans was duly delivered to TG.

3\. The second shipment of cocoa beans was delayed. The determination of the
causes and effect of the delay will no doubt shed light on which party
breached the contract. What is relevant for present purposes is that on 8
December 2000, TG nominated Palu, a port in Sulawesi, as the port of loading.
On 3 February 2001, TG nominated a vessel to load the second shipment at Palu
and informed BG that the estimated arrival date of the vessel was 5th or 6th
February 2001. The nominated vessel could carry 1,500 metric tonnes of cargo
and TG paid the freight charges for 500 metric tonnes of cocoa beans. However,
BG loaded only 250 metric tonnes of cocoa beans.

4\. According to TG, BG represented that they would deliver the balance of the
cocoa beans to them at a future date and notice would be given to them when
the said beans were available for loading. In the meantime, the price of cocoa
beans went up. In May, the price of cocoa beans was USD 1,000 per metric tonne
in May 2001. This was much higher than the contract price of USD 644 per
metric tonne. When BG did not deliver the remainder of the agreed cargo, TG
purchased from the available market 250 metric tonnes of cocoa beans of the
quality and description in their contract with BG. The difference between the
contract price and the price paid by TG for the 250 metric tonnes in question
amounted to RM824,162.41.

5\. TG expected BG to compensate them for the loss incurred as a result of the
latter’s failure to supply the agreed quantity of cocoa beans. However, BG
contended that they were not in breach. They asserted that they were ready to
deliver the second batch of 500 metric tonnes of cocoa beans to BG at the
material time and that TG were themselves in breach by failing to provide a
vessel to load the cargo by the end of November 2000. They pointed out that it
was not until early February 2001 that the vessel nominated by TG to load the
cocoa beans arrived at Palu. BG asserted they were compelled to sell a part of
the cargo intended for TG because cocoa beans are perishable products. After
fruitless attempts to resolve their dispute regarding the non-delivery of the
250 metric tonnes of cocoa beans, TG commenced an action in April 2003 to
recover damages from BG.

6\. BG filed a memorandum of appearance but contended that this was strictly
without prejudice to their right to have the action stayed.

Whether a stay of proceedings should be ordered

7\. BG relied on section 6(1) of the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A)
(“IAA”), which provides as follows:

Notwithstanding Article 8 of the Model Law, where any party to an arbitration
agreement to which this act applies institutes any proceedings in any court
against any party to the agreement in respect of any matter which the subject
of the agreement, any party to the agreement may, at any time after appearance
and before delivering any pleading or taking any other step in the
proceedings, apply to that court to stay the proceedings so far as the
proceedings relate to that matter.

8\. Whether BG’s application for a stay of proceedings could succeed depended
on whether or not there was an arbitration agreement between the contracting
parties. BG asserted that the following clause in their contract with TG
expressly required the parties to refer their dispute to the Cocoa Merchants’
Association of America (“CMAA”):

Any quality dispute would be settle [sic] amicably with reference to an
independent surveyor. However, any dispute out of this contract to be governed
by the rules of the Cocoa Merchants’ Association of America Inc … in force on
that date.

9\. BG took the view that the CMAA is in the best position to assist the
parties resolve their dispute because of its stature in the cocoa industry. In
contrast, TG asserted that the clause in the contract relied on by BG to
support their case for a stay of proceedings does not constitute an
arbitration agreement and does not incorporate by reference any document or
rule requiring the parties to resolve their disputes through arbitration.

10\. BG’s application for a stay of proceedings can only succeed if there is
an arbitration clause in the contract or if an arbitration clause in another
document is incorporated by reference. The clause in the contract relied on by
BG as evidence that there was an agreement to resolve disputes through
arbitration is badly drafted and rather vague. It cannot be seriously argued
that the words “any dispute out of this contract to be governed by the rules
of the Cocoa Merchants’ Association of America” make it clear that disputes
that do not concern the quality of the goods delivered are to be resolved by
arbitration. As for whether these words incorporate an arbitration clause in
another document, it is worthwhile reiterating at the outset that “the law as
regards the purported incorporation by general wording of arbitration clauses
in other contracts must be regarded as firmly settled and that general words
will not suffice in the absence of a clear intention held by the parties to
incorporate the arbitration clause” (see Merkin, Arbitration Law (1991),
paragraph 4.24, which was endorsed in _Concordia Agritrading Pte Ltd_ v
_Cornelder Hoogewerff (Singapore) Pte Ltd_ [2001] 1 SLR 222).

11\. Although reference is made in the contract between TG and BG to the rules
of the CMAA, it ought to be noted at the outset that neither TG nor BG were
members of the CMAA when the contract was made, when the dispute arose, when
the writ was filed or when BG filed their application for a stay of the action
against them. More importantly, there is nothing in the CMAA’s rules and
regulations that requires non-members to have their dispute settled through
arbitration. As such, the question of incorporating by reference an
arbitration clause in another document does not arise.

12\. It is also pertinent to note that in their reply dated 31 October 2002 to
TG’s solicitors, Phang & Co, who had written to enquire about the
Association’s position on arbitration in relation to disputes between non-
members, the CMAA made it clear that they would not be involved with the
dispute in view of the fact that neither TG nor BG were their members. the
relevant portion of the letter is as follows:

…. [t]here was a meeting on October 30, 2002 .… the purpose of this meeting
was to determine if the association would accept a request from [TG] for
arbitration against [BG] (also a non-member of the Association).

The special committee determined that the CMAA would not choose to arbitrate
this dispute under the current circumstances. It has been the express wish of
our current members … that arbitration should be a service extended only to
our own membership.

13\. It should also be borne in mind that the dispute between the parties
arose more than 2 years ago. TG had corresponded with BG and after having been
instructed to act, their respective solicitors had also written to each other
on numerous occasions. For a long time, neither BG nor their solicitors wrote
to say that the dispute with TG should be resolved through arbitration.
Indeed, when TG’s solicitors, Phang & Co, threatened legal action in a letter
dated 31 July 2002, BG’s solicitors, Drew & Napier, stated in their reply
dated 19 August 2002 that if TG decided “to proceed with legal action, our
instructions are to accept service”. No reference whatsoever was made in this
letter to the issue of arbitration. BG’s _volte face_ so late in the day
cannot be countenanced.

14\. Apart from not insisting on arbitration for a long time, BG initially
relied on rule 17.1.2 of the Rules of the Cocoa Association of London instead
of the rules of the CMAA to deny liability to TG for the non-delivery of 250
metric tonnes of cocoa. This is evident from their letter to TG dated 18 May
2001. This also does not advance BG’s case for a stay of proceedings.

15\. As it was clear that was no arbitration agreement in this case, there was
no reason to order a stay of TG’s action against BG. I thus dismissed BG’s
appeal against the decision of the assistant registrar with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 10 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

