Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Seng Inn Thye  
[2003] SGHC 88

Case Number | : | CC 12/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Benjamin Yim and Marjory Yeoh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Ang Sin Teck (Ang Sin Teck & Co) (assigned by CLAS) for the Accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Seng Inn Thye   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Accused went to
confront victim carrying a fruit knife – Suffering from mental illness at the
time and was taunted by victim – Whether the assault was pre-meditated.  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Victim stabbed
14 times Â– Only one wound was potentially fatal – Relevance of this in view
of the circumstances of the assault – Appropriate sentence in view of all the
circumstances of the case – Relevant factors for consideration.  
  

1 The accused aged 40 pleaded guilty to a charge of attempted murder. On 16
August 2002 he went to the office of Euro-Asia Garment Manufacturers where his
ex-wife Leong Mei Chan worked. He had with him a fruit knife at the time. A
heated quarrel witnessed by Leong’s colleague, Teo Li Yen, ensued in the
course of which the accused was taunted by Leong and during which she was
heard to say, “if you want to kill me, you can kill me” and “come, come” (the
record referred to by Mr Ang, counsel for the accused, reflected a comma
between the words “come, come” but from the circumstances, the exclamation
mark would have been a more appropriate emphasis). Following that the accused
then stabbed Leong 14 times. From the medical report of Dr Sujai Hegde, all
the wounds save one were superficial.

2 The accused appeared remorseful after the event and promptly called a couple
of ‘help-lines’ in search of help, and very quickly surrendered himself in
tears to the police. He was diagnosed by Dr Tommy Tan of the Woodbridge
Hospital as suffering from a ‘recurrent depressive disorder’ with a severe
current episode. This illness, he said in his report, was characterised by a
low mood, suicidal thoughts, invitability, agitation, loss of appetite and
weight. He was of the view that the accused had acted impulsively ‘when
taunted by [Leong]’.

3 Leong was hospitalised for eight days at the Tan Tock Seng Hospital.
Although only one of the wounds was potentially life threatening, it is plain
for anyone to see that one fatal wound is more than enough to kill. That Leong
did not die was her good fortune, and in that sense, also the accused’s, for
he might otherwise have faced a capital charge.

4 In sentencing him, I took into account the severity of the assault and the
pain and danger that he had put Leong through, no matter how much anguish she
might have caused him during the unhappy end of their marriage. From the
circumstances, I accept that he had also to struggle against his mental
illness and that the assault on Leong may not have been something he would
have done in a cooler hour. His hitherto unblemished record also adds to the
scales in his favour.

5 Although Mr Yim described the accused’s act as ‘cold and calculated’, I
think that in the context, that may only fairly be said in relation to the
planned confrontation with Leong. It was not his case that the accused had
planned to stalk her with the intention of killing her. The wilfulness of the
accused’s conduct must therefore be considered in the circumstances of the
case.

6 Consequently, I am of the view that the appropriate sentence would be a term
of imprisonment of 5 years and 4 strokes of the cane. I, therefore, sentenced
him to 5 years imprisonment and 4 strokes of the cane. The term of
imprisonment shall take effect from 17 August 2002.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

