Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Kalathithara Subran Hilan and Others  
[2003] SGHC 113

Case Number | : | CC 23/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 May 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Jaswant Singh (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Janet Wang (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Derek Kang (Attorney-General's Chambers) for the Public Prosecutor; Rai (Wong, Gopal & Rai) for the Second Accused; First, Third and Fourth Accused in person   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Kalathithara Subran Hilan; Thankappan Ayyappan; Yong Ah Lai; Marni A/P Konasagaran   
  
1 Four accused persons appeared before me to take a plea in respect of various
charges against them. The first accused was Kalathithar a Subran Hilan; the
second, Thankappan Ayyappan; the third Yong Ah Lai; and the fourth, Marni A/P
Konasagaran. The third accused is the husband of the fourth, Marni A/P
Konasagaran. The second, third and fourth accused faced a total of seven
charges each but the prosecution proceeded only with the third, fourth, and an
amended seventh charge. The third and fifth charges were stood down. The first
accused faced two charges but the prosecution only proceeded with the second
charge against him. The first charge was stood down. These four accused
persons together with a fifth person, were scheduled for trial before Justice
Kan Ting Chiu. The scheduled trial was interrupted because the four accused
indicated that they wished to plead guilty to some of the charges. They thus
appeared before me to be dealt with on those charges.

2 The case against the accused persons were connected in this way. The first
accused was charged with the rape of a 13-year old female under s 3761) of the
Penal Code. The second, third, and fourth accused were charged with abetment
by conspiracy, in procuring men to rape the same 13-year old female, under s
376(1) of the Penal Code read with s 109. That was the amended seventh charge.
The fourth and sixth charges related to procuring the same 13-year old for the
purposes of prostitution, under s 140(1)(b) of the Women’s Charter, and living
off the earnings of prostitution, under s 146(1) of the Women’s Charter.

3 When the plea was taken all four initially indicated that they were pleading
guilty to the charges. Only Thankappan (the second accused) was represented by
counsel. The first accused then addressed me saying that when he had sex with
the girl he did not know that she was under 14 years of age and that he paid
her for the sexual act. In the circumstances, it appears to me that his plea
is sufficiently qualified and ought to be rejected. The third accused also
qualified his plea. I, therefore, rejected the plea of guilt of the first and
third accused persons, and proceeded with the case against the second and
fourth accused persons.

4 The central figure in this case was the first accused, so if he is not found
to be guilty of any offence a conviction against his abettors may ostensibly
appear bizarre. But it is not necessary so. If the charge of abetment is one
of conspiracy, the offence which was the subject of the conspiracy need not
have been completed for the conspirators to be guilty. It is not a requirement
that the principal offender is convicted before his abettors may be dealt
with. The abettors can be dealt with even where the principal offender is
never caught. However, there is room for improving the procedure in some of
these cases. Standing down the charges against the abettors until the trial of
the principal offender is one way. But, if the court decides that the abettors
or co-accused ought to be dealt with first, and separately, then the court
dealing with the abettors and co-accused will have to proceed on the basis of
the case as it is presented. The first and third accused have been remitted
for trial and are no longer a matter of comment from this court. Whatever the
result may be of their trial, it is best remembered that every case is but a
mere pastiche in the vast canvas of case law, each unto its own, unified where
consistency permits, but stands alone otherwise. In the present case, the
accused persons before me admitted to conspiring to procure men to have sex
with a 13-year old girl in circumstances that they admit amounted to rape. The
Statement of Facts reveals that the 13-year old girl was taken from her home
in Malaysia under the false pretence of bringing her to Singapore as a maid.
When she arrived, she was forced into prostitution. With these facts admitted
by the accused, I accepted their plea of guilt and convicted them accordingly.
I should note, for completeness, that the admission of the facts was also
implicitly, but clearly, an admission that there was no consent from the young
girl to perform the sexual acts.

5 The offence of abetment of rape of a 13-year old girl is almost as serious
as if the abettors had each been the actual rapist, but, in sentencing the
abettors, the court is entitled to take into account that those offenders who
had not forced themselves physically on the girl. Thus, bearing in mind the
general opinion of the court in _Chia Kim Heng Frederick v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR
361, and applying them with adjustments to the facts of the present case, I am
of the view that a term of imprisonment of 11 years is appropriate. One of the
matters that require emphasis here is the commitment of the courts towards the
deterrence of sexual offences against young children, especially where they
are subjected to prostitution, and drained not only of their innocence, but
also of their money. I thus sentenced the two accused to 11 years
imprisonment, and also six strokes of the cane in respect of the second
accused for the amended seventh charge. I had considered whether the sentence
of imprisonment in respect of the fourth accused should be higher since no
caning may be inflicted on her. However, I am of the view that an adjustment
upwards is not necessary. I have also taken into account the fact that these
two accused had pleaded guilty to the charges, a plea of guilt in this
instance had spared the child from the rigours and ordeal of trial.

6 An offence under s 140(1)(b) and s 146(1) of the Women’s Charter is
punishable with imprisonment of up to five years and also with a fine not
exceeding $10,000. In view of the fact that both accused were first offenders,
and taking into account the totality of the overall sentences I am of the view
that a term of imprisonment of one year and a fine of $5,000 is sufficient in
respect of each of the accused. The sentences of imprisonment under s
140(1)(b) and s 146(1) are to run concurrently but consecutively to that under
the term of imprisonment ordered under s 376(1) of the Penal Code. In default
of payment of fine the accused will serve six months for each fine unpaid.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 May 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

