Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Computer Interface Singapore Ltd v Compaq Computer Asia Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 239

Case Number | : | Suit 574/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  S Rajendran J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Harpal Singh and L Devadason (Harpal Mahtani Partnership)for the plaintiffs; Philip Tay and Chia Song Yeow (Rajah & Tann) for both defendants   
Parties | : |  Computer Interface Singapore Ltd — Compaq Computer Asia Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Formation – Whether binding contract entered into between parties.  
  

1 Reuters Singapore Pte Ltd (“Reuters Singapore”) had, prior to 1993, a
technical division within it which provided field support services to
customers subscribing to Reuters information services. These field services
comprised the installing, servicing, relocating, recovering and maintaining
the hardware and software installed by Reuters Singapore at the offices of its
customers. In 1993, Reuters Singapore decided to outsource the provision of
such field services. As a result its field services division had to be closed.
Some employees from within that division grouped together and incorporated a
company – Computer Interface Singapore Pte Ltd (“CIS”) – to provide those
services from outside. From that time onwards CIS has been providing field
services to Reuters Singapore under consecutive contracts of between 2 and 3
years duration. The last such contract was for a period of 2 years commencing
30 June 2000. One Bala Supramaniam (“Bala”) was the Managing Director of CIS.

2 In December 1999, as required under the terms of its contract, CIS gave
notice to Reuters Singapore of its willingness to negotiate the renewal of the
contract but was informed by Reuters Singapore that it had received a
directive from its Head Office in London that in order to save costs, tenders
should be called for the provision of such services. Thereafter, Reuters
Singapore invited five companies – CIS, IBM, Siemens, Gentronics and Compaq
Computer Asia Pte Ltd (“Compaq”), the defendants in this action – to bid for
the provision of field services for a period of 3 years with effect from 1
July 2000 and formal tender documents were sent to these companies. The
Director of Compaq in charge of this matter was Lawrence Mok (“Mok”).

3 Reuters Singapore was anxious that its services to its customers should not
suffer any disruption by any change in the service provider and therefore
requested the five companies to explore possibilities of working together with
CIS in the event their tender was accepted. Compaq took up this request. Mok
had several discussions with Bala on the possibilities of co-operation.
Amongst the alternatives discussed were: (a) Compaq making the bid and, if
successful, sub-contracting to Reuters Singapore; (b) Compaq and CIS
submitting a joint bid; and (c) both Compaq and CIS submitting separate bids
and whoever is successful consider entering into a sub-contract with the other
in order to capitalise on their respective capacities in different areas of
operation. These discussions did not result in any agreement and it was
decided that Compaq and CIS would bid separately.

4 After the tenders had been received, Reuters Singapore called in CIS and
Compaq and informed them that they were the two lowest tenderers and asked
them to re-submit their bids as their quotes were still too high. Both CIS and
Compaq complied with this request and submitted fresh bids.

5 It turned out that Compaq submitted a bid lower than CIS. Reuters Singapore,
however, was hesitant about awarding the tender to Compaq as Reuters Singapore
had misgivings about the ability of Compaq to provide the field services as
efficiently as CIS had been doing. Dennis Lim (“Dennis”), the Managing
Director of Reuters Singapore, communicated this misgiving to Mok and asked
Compaq to do a presentation detailing the manner in which Compaq would carry
out the services.

6 At the presentation made on 16 May 2000, one of the options (Option 2)
suggested by Compaq was that Compaq would provide the services in conjunction
with CIS. Option 2 attracted the interest of Reuters Singapore and on 18 May
2000 Reuters Singapore issued a “Conditional Letter of Intent” stating that
Compaq would be awarded the field services contract with effect from 1 July
2000 provided Compaq met the following conditions:

(a) Compaq will work with CIS as proposed under Option 2.

(b) Compaq will, within 5 working days (19 – 25 May 2000), finalise the
Compaq/CIS partnership.

(c) By 26 May 2000, Compaq would give Reuters Singapore a document detailing
the partnership arrangement with CIS with CIS signature on it.

(d) A 3-party (Compaq/CIS/Reuters Singapore) meeting was to be held not later
than 29 May 2000.

The Conditional Letter of Intent ended on the note that Reuters Singapore, in
deciding whether to award the contract to Compaq or otherwise, will assess the
proposal as a whole.

7 Compaq forwarded the Conditional Letter of Intent to CIS and intensive
discussions ensued between Compaq and CIS as to how the two companies could
work together. On 26 May 2000 – the day stipulated in the Conditional Letter
of Intent – Compaq and CIS signed a Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) and
Compaq forwarded that MOU to Reuters Singapore. The MOU envisaged that CIS
will be a sub-contractor and not a partner or agent of Compaq in the provision
of the field services. Recital 4 of the MOU stated that “a formal services
sub-contract will be entered into between CIS and Compaq within a reasonable
period of time which shall not be more than 30 days from the date of signing
of this MOU”.

8 The 30-day stipulation in the Recital of the MOU for the contract between
Compaq and CIS to be concluded was, no doubt, necessitated by the fact that
Compaq would have to commence providing its services to Reuters Singapore by 1
July 2000: it would therefore be important to both Compaq and CIS have the
sub-contract in place by then.

9 The MOU (in an attachment) contained, inter alia, the following clauses:

1\. A subcontract agreement will be entered into with CIS for providing
services of installation and maintenance. The Terms and conditions will be
_back to back_ depending on Reuter’s agreement with Compaq. Price to be given
to CIS will be determined based on further negotiation between Compaq and CIS.
CIS will give Compaq a formal quote for the work to be done which shall not be
more than the amount quoted by CIS to Reuters.

…

5\. The subcontract _agreement will run for 3 years_ and is cancelable at the
option of Compaq if the services provided by CIS are not in line with
generally accepted levels of service indicated by Reuters in the Contract or
not as per the subcontract agreement entered into with Compaq. Any notice for
cancellation will give detailed reasoning for cancellation and cancellation
would be effective only after 60 days from the date of giving the notice.
[Emphasis added]

It was clear from the MOU and its attachments that it was, from the beginning,
envisaged that the sub-contract term would be for a term of 3 years and that
its terms would be “back-to-back” with the terms of the main contract between
Compaq and Reuters Singapore. It was also clear that the parties were
envisaged that this 3-year sub-contract was not to be terminated except for
cause.

10 As required in the Conditional Letter of Intent, a meeting was held on 29
May 2000 at the office of Reuters Singapore between Reuters Singapore, Compaq
and CIS for Reuters Singapore to decide whether to award the contract to
Compaq. Dennis told the court that he noted from cll 1 and 5 of the MOU (which
are quoted above) that Compaq would have a back-to-back agreement with CIS for
the provision of the field services for the duration of Compaq’s contract with
Reuters Singapore and this satisfied him that Compaq would be able to provide
the necessary level of services that Reuters Singapore expected. He was
therefore prepared to accept the tender of Compaq. Bala, however, was not at
the meeting and Dennis did not want to make a final decision until he was sure
that Bala was satisfied with the arrangement. Dennis therefore re-scheduled
the meeting to enable Bala to attend.

11 At the re-scheduled meeting held in early June 2000, Dennis sought
confirmation from Bala that CIS would perform the field services as Compaq’s
sub-contractors on the terms contained in the MOU. Upon Bala giving this
confirmation, Dennis informed Compaq that their tender was accepted. Upon such
acceptance the terms contained in the tender submitted by Compaq would
constitute the contract (the main contact) between Compaq and CIS. The formal
contract between the two was signed on 13 July 2000, about 2 weeks after CIS
accepted the LOA.

12 The MOU called for the sub-contract between Compaq and CIS to be entered
into within 30 days of the MOU. On 30 June 2000 – the last day of the existing
CIS field services contract with Reuters Singapore – Compaq issued to CIS a
document headed “Letter of Award” for acceptance by CIS. Attached to the
Letter of Award (“LOA”) were various schedules, taken mainly from the tender
documents detailing, inter alia, the services to be rendered, the charges
payable and the terms of the engagement of CIS. The LOA reflected the terms
that had been agreed upon and so Bala signed the acceptance of the LOA by CIS
at the space provided.

13 Confident that the grant of the LOA was sufficient evidence that the main
terms of the sub-contract had been agreed, CIS, from 1 July 2000 onwards,
continued to provide the field services to the customers of Reuters Singapore
on behalf of Compaq. It is interesting to note that even after Compaq became
the service provider of Reuters Singapore, Reuters Singapore continued to send
its work orders for field services work – as it had for the past several years
– to CIS and CIS carried out the work requested. As CIS was carrying out these
services on behalf of Compaq, CIS invoiced Compaq for the services in
accordance with the payment terms set out in the LOA. This state of affairs
continued for about 18 months.

14 It would appear that at about the time that Compaq and CIS were having the
discussions referred to above, negotiations were going on in London between
the head offices of Compaq and Reuters – negotiations in which Compaq in
Singapore and Reuters in Singapore played no role – with a view to entering
into a framework agreement whose provisions would, as far as possible, apply
to any service contract that any Compaq company may secure with any Reuters
company anywhere in the world. These negotiations were successfully concluded
and a Framework Agreement was signed in London on 1 July 2000 – one month
after Compaq’s tender for the Reuters Singapore contract had been accepted by
Compaq.

15 The London negotiations did not feature in the discussions held between
Compaq, CIS and Reuters Singapore in connection with the Reuters Singapore
tender exercise. It was not alleged, on behalf of Compaq, that CIS had been
put on notice about the impending Framework Agreement and the implications, if
any, that that Agreement, if entered into, may have on any agreement that
Compaq may enter into with CIS.

16 The work relationship between CIS and Compaq when CIS started providing
field services to Reuters Singapore on behalf of Compaq was fairly smooth.
Compaq duly paid all the invoices from CIS in accordance with the rates
contained in the schedule to the LOA and even made an advance payment of
$210,000 to CIS towards those invoices. Problems only began to surface many
months on.

17 The contents of the LOA constitute a pivotal part of CIS claim and Compaq’s
defence. It will therefore be useful to set out the LOA in full:

Dear Mr Supramaniam

LETTER OF AWARD (“LOA”)

1 It is our pleasure to hereby confirm that, _subject to final terms and
conditions being agreed_ between Compaq Computer Asia Pte Ltd (“COMPAQ”) and
Computer Interface Singapore Pte Ltd (“CIS”), we have _selected CIS to supply
the installation, maintenance and related services_ for the Reuters Field
Outsourcing project in Singapore.

2 _The attached schedules will form part of the Agreement. By accepting this
LOA, CIS agrees to commence the project on the terms stated on the schedules_.
Both parties agree that they will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the
Agreement is negotiated and signed on or before Friday 14th July 2000. If the
Agreement has not been entered into by 17th July 2000, a new target date for
the signing of the Agreement will then be mutually agreed between the parties.

3 _The Agreement shall take effect on 1 st July 2000 and subject to any
ability to terminate it under the Agreement shall expire 3 years after such
date_.

4 Both parties also agree that the operations will be reviewed six months from
1 July 2000 for better control in economic of scale and improvement in
productivity, which cost could be saved and passed on to Compaq.

5 We would like to take this opportunity to thank you and your staff for the
keen support and co-operation that you have extended to us _during the
negotiations_. We look forward to the establishment of a mutually beneficial
relationship.

Yours faithfully Accepted by

COMPAQ COMPUTER COMPUTER INTERFACE  
ASIA PTE LTD SINGAPORE PTE LTD

Sd: Lawrence Mok Sd: Bala Supramaniam

Director, Customer Services Managing Director

30 June 2000 30 June 2000

[Emphasis added]

The schedules to the LOA were essentially extracts from the tender documents.
This was only to be expected as, upon acceptance of its tender by Reuters
Singapore, the terms of the tender documents submitted by Compaq became the
contract between Compaq and Reuters Singapore (the main contract) and the sub-
contract with CIS, at least as per the understanding contained in the MOU, was
to be “back-to-back” with the main contract. The prices to be paid to CIS for
its services and which were incorporated in the schedule to the LOA were the
prices that CIS had quoted in its revised bid to Reuters Singapore.

18 The LOA in cl 1 made reference to “final terms” being agreed and cl 2
provided that the parties would take all reasonable steps to ensure that the
agreement containing the final terms would be signed by 14 July 2000. The
clause also provided that if the agreement was not signed by 17 July 2000 a
new target date for the signing would be mutually agreed. The task of drafting
that agreement was undertaken by Compaq: Compaq, being a large organisation
with a legal division to attend to such matters. However, Compaq ignored those
time lines and left the drafting of that document in abeyance.

19 To co-ordinate and monitor the services provided to Reuters Singapore by
Compaq, frequent tripartite management meetings were held between Reuters
Singapore, Compaq and CIS. The minutes of such a meeting held on 1 August 2000
show that Bala requested Compaq for the draft agreement and it was recorded
that the draft would be provided by 11 August 2000. The minutes of a meeting
held on 10 August 2000 reflect that Bala again made the same request and it
was represented that the draft would be ready by 18 August 2000.

20 A draft agreement was eventually e-mailed to Bala by Janet Heng (“Janet”),
the Consumer Service Accounts Manager of Compaq, in late August/early
September 2000. It was a lengthy document based on Compaq's standard re-seller
agreement: a document which Bala considered was totally inappropriate to serve
as a basis for a service and maintenance contract. Bala made extensive
deletions, variations and suggestions to try and make the draft more
appropriate for the purpose in hand and e-mailed it back to Janet with his
comments. Bala also sent to Janet the previous Reuters Singapore/CIS field
services contract as a more appropriate model to follow. The first draft sent
by Janet to Bala envisaged a 3-year agreement between Compaq and CIS.

21 There was no response for a long time to Bala’s e-mail. The minutes of the
Management Meeting on 27 October 2000 show that Bala again raised the matter
of the draft. The response, as stated in the minutes, was: “Waiting for JH
[Janet] to redraft”. The same formula “Waiting for JH to redraft” appear in
the minutes of the meetings held on 14 November 2000 and 7 December 2000. In
the minutes of 7 December 2000 it was noted: “The contract should be available
on the week of Dec 11”.

22 Sometime after 11 December 2000, Janet e-mailed Bala a draft containing
various modifications from the previous draft. Bala had some discussions with
Janet on the draft but, on 13 February 2001, Janet informed him that with
immediate effect one Choo Choon Teck (“Choo”) would deal with Bala on the
draft. Bala never heard from Choo.

23 I noted that Mok who – in order to comply with Reuters Singapore
requirements in the Letter of Intent issued to Compaq – had been very active
in getting the co-operation of CIS, took a back-seat after CIS signed the LOA.
The drafting of the agreement (which was to include the final terms that were
agreed) was left to junior officers in Compaq and it was obvious from the
evidence of Janet, Choo and Mok, that the signing of the sub-contract was not
a matter of any urgency to Compaq.

24 This lack of enthusiasm on the part of Compaq to draft the agreement could
be an indication that Compaq was satisfied that there was already a binding
contract between it and CIS and therefore saw no urgent need to sign a formal
agreement. It could also be an indication that it suited Compaq – in the event
Compaq decided to reduce the volume of work to be performed by CIS or even to
get rid of CIS altogether – not to entrench CIS position with a further signed
contract.

25 On 16 January 2001, whilst the discussions with Janet on her revised draft
were going on, Compaq sent a somewhat curt e-mail to Bala stating:

… this is to inform you that we will be doing some of the installation as and
when necessary. This will cover all the product range of Reuters.

This e-mail was a precursor to other steps taken by Compaq to whittle down CIS
involvement in the Reuters Singapore project. Bala told the court that he was
upset by this e-mail. He was upset because Compaq, without any prior
discussion, was going to take over some of the work that had been sub-
contracted to CIS. Bala considered this directive to be contrary to the
agreement that all field services would, for the duration of the 3 years, be
performed by CIS.

26 Bala responded immediately to Compaq. In his e-mail to Compaq, Bala stated:

this is not the way to conduct business, I was told by lawrence that all
reuters work will be given to us until further notice if there is change of
plan please inform us accordingly so that we can cut our manpower requirement.
it is no use having staff sitting here doing nothing if you are going to
takeover the reuter work. pls get your act togather (sic) and let me know
exactly what you want to do so that we can plan our resources accordingly.

I noted that Bala in that e-mail had not, in terms, taken the position that
this reduction of businesses of CIS was a breach of Compaq’s sub-contract with
CIS. Bala’s explanation for this was that CIS, as a small company dependent
almost entirely on the Reuters business for its survival, was in no position
to confront Compaq and therefore had to be as accommodating as possible.

27 As noted earlier, Reuters Singapore had, from 1 July 2000, been sending all
their work orders direct to CIS. Soon after the exchange of the above e-mails,
Compaq made arrangements with Reuters Singapore for all work orders to be sent
in the first place to Compaq. Bala told the court that by instituting this
change Compaq was able to gradually take away work that would otherwise have
been performed by CIS.

28 From about August 2001, Compaq began to press CIS to reduce the prices at
which CIS was rendering its field services. Not getting the desired reduction,
Venkat Eswaran, the Finance and Operations Manager of Compaq, on 25 October
2001, wrote to CIS asking CIS to review its installation prices and stating
that Compaq was: “expecting a downward adjustment in the installation prices”.

29 CIS response to Compaq, by letter dated 26 November 2001, was as follows:

In our numerous past meetings and discussions, we have at length, been very
open and detailed with the computation of our installation costs to your
colleagues. This fact stems well even before Compaq and us agreed to
collaborate in providing a back-to-back outsourcing agreement to Reuters. The
cost that you have today were further adjusted and importantly, accepted by
your colleagues more then (sic) eighteen months ago.

Thus far, the call for us to reduce our installation prices to you comes as a
surprise, considering what was told to us at that time. Additionally, the past
year also, saw some aspects of the back-to-back agreement for Reuters
installations ignored, as Compaq have taken anything from 20% to more than 50%
of the work that were available.

It is therefore with great difficulty that we have to revert to you that we
are unable to accede to your requirement at this point in time. We are
however, more than ready, as offered in previous meetings with your
colleagues, to help you to renegotiate with Reuters on some of the
installation prices, to bring it to some degree of parity. Thank you and best
regards.

There was no direct response from Compaq to this letter. CIS continued to
invoice Compaq on the basis of the rates originally agreed to and the invoices
were paid by Compaq.

30 By letter dated 18 December 2001 Compaq informed CIS that Compaq had, at
the request of Reuters Singapore, agreed to make certain changes to the
services that Compaq was providing to Reuters Singapore. The letter went on to
say:

For the past year and a half, you have been providing services to Reuters on
our behalf. This was done notwithstanding the fact that CIS and Compaq have
not signed any agreement for these services although we recognize that a draft
agreement was discussed. However, given the request from Reuters and our
continued working relationship with CIS, we would like to discuss with
yourselves the following changes to the operational model. In the new model,
Compaq will:

  1. Use existing CIS resources as appropriate and directly manage these resources,
  2. Set up a field office and will consider sub-leasing existing facilities from CIS as appropriate, and
  3. Look to revising the financial and commercial terms with CIS to reflect the new requirement.

Reuters have given us a deadline to fully implement the new model. As time is
of the essence we would like to discuss and conclude with you by 24th December
2001 the role that CIS can participate in the new model, the resources and
facilities that can be offered to Compaq and the financial and commercial
terms of the arrangement.

The proposed alterations to the service model proposed by Compaq in their
letter of 18 December 2001 were extensive and CIS felt that the time dead-line
of 24 December 2001 was unrealistically short.

31 On 24 December 2001, CIS wrote to Compaq asking for more time to consider
the proposal. In this letter CIS stated:

Our understanding from our past interaction with COMPAQ personnel (Ramaraj,
Lawrence, Srikant etc.) has been that our contract with you will stay status
quo for three years based on a “back-to-back” outsourced agreement reached
with REUTERS SINGAPORE. While no contract has been signed, given that COMPAQ
did not replace the person that left, who was responsible for finalizing the
terms and conditions, we have continued to provide support based on trust and
sincerity. It is apparent and unfortunate that this has not be enough to see
through the existing agreement, albeit, the signed MOU issued by COMPAQ.

We hope you could set a more realistic time-line so that all parties concerned
can agree a more accurate set of costing/financials without resorting to any
drop in service levels.

Thank you for you understanding and support and “Merry Christmas”.

Compaq’s response to this letter – given that same evening by one Job Chan –
was curt: Compaq was prepared to extend the time only to 9am on 26 December
2001. The letter explicitly stated that there would be no further extensions
of time and that Compaq will not accept any quotation beyond 9am on 26
December 2001.

32 On 26 December 2001, Bala wrote to Mok explaining why CIS could not accept
the new service model. He said:

This letter is in response to Mr Job Chan’s email of 24 December 2001 at 6.36
p.m.

We refer to your letter dated 30 June 2000 and wish to reiterate that we have
already forwarded the draft agreement with proposed amendments on our part and
there was no response from your side. Hence, the agreement was not signed.

Despite this, for the last one and a half years both parties have been
providing Reuters with the necessary services jointly. It was a clear
understanding of the parties that there was to be mutual provision of services
jointly and it was also our understanding that Reuters Singapore had imposed
the condition that although Compaq has a direct contract with them, Compaq has
to work jointly with us to provide these services.

However, on the 18 December 2001, we were surprised and astonished to receive
a letter from Mr Lawrence Mok which in a nutshell clearly stipulates that the
joint venture agreement to provide services to Reuters is no longer to
continue to be valid, and that you are to provide direct management and
operational control and complete contact with Reuters. This will reduce our
service to that of a mere subcontractor. You are aware that we will not be
able to work on this basis as it will lead to substantial financial losses for
us and not to mention that we will not have direct management, operation and
control of the services provided to Reuters. In substance, no partnership or
joint co-operation exists between Compaq and Computer Interface based on this
new delivery model.

Finally, if we cannot sit and negotiate an agreement which is mutually and
commercially beneficial to both of us, as was the arrangement previously
mentioned in the MOU, i.e. based on joint co-operation and partnership, we are
not in a position to continue on the new model. By your new model as per your
letter dated 18/12/01, you are seeking unilaterally imposed terms and
conditions, which are not commercial viable to us. If you insist on the terms
in your letter dated 18/12/01, we have no alternative but to seek legal
redress.

Compaq’s response to this letter was to terminate, with immediate effect, its
“arrangement” with CIS.

33 The letter of termination was dated 28 December 2001 and it was signed by
Mok. It read:

We refer to our letter dated 18 December 2001 and our subsequent meetings and
telephone conversations. We note that in you letter of 26 December 2001 you do
not agree to the new service delivery model required by Reuters. We previously
advised that time is of the essence and the need to finalize the new
arrangements with Computer Interface Singapore Pte Ltd (“CIS”) by 24 December
2001 and in subsequent communications with you this was moved to 26 December
2001. This time has now passed.

We regret to inform you that _the arrangement between CIS and Compaq is
terminated with immediate effect_ and we will move to implement the new model
for Reuters without CIS’ participation.

We are still open to your participation in a suitable manner, based on the new
service delivery model required by Reuters, should you revert to us by 5
January 2002. [Emphasis added]

Bala testified that he found it “odd” that Compaq, having refused to accept
any quotation from CIS after 9am on 26 December 2001, should now invite CIS to
discuss further. I do not see that invitation as “odd”. What Compaq was doing
by this letter was terminating the (existing) “arrangement” between Compaq and
CIS and seeking a fresh agreement with CIS.

34 On receiving the letter of termination, Bala got in touch with Les
Clemenson (“Clemenson”) who had taken over from Dennis as the Managing
Director of Reuters Singapore. Bala learnt from Clemenson that while it was
true that Reuters Singapore was seeking to re-negotiate its contract with
Compaq, Reuters Singapore had not required Compaq to re-negotiate its
arrangements with CIS. Soon after this conversation with Clemenson, CIS
instructed its solicitors, Harpal Mahtani Partnership (“HMP”), to respond to
Compaq’s letter of termination of 28 December 2001.

35 HMP wrote to Compaq on 2 January 2002 and in that letter stated:

Our clients’ instructions are as follows:

1\. our client have made their position very clear to you in their letter of
26 December 2001, i.e. that it would not be commercially liable (sic) for them
to continue in joint corporation with you on the new service delivery model,
even if the same is imposed by Reuters;

2\. that the new service delivery model is not being imposed by Reuters;

3\. if you still insist on the new service delivery model which you are
seeking to impose unilateral (sic) on our clients and which is not agreeable
to them, your notice to terminate our clients’ contract with immediate effect
after 1½ years is not valid. Our clients have not breached the agreement and
further they have engaged professional and other staff on a three (3) years
contract pursuant to the letter of award dated 30 June 2000; and

4\. that our clients are entitled to full compensation of 1½ years as the
agreement of joint corporation was for a period of three (3) years.

Our clients further instructs us to reiterate that they are prepared to
continue to provide services in joint corporation with you, but not on the new
service delivery model.

It is clear from the last paragraph of this letter that CIS was, even at this
stage, keen to continue providing field services to Reuters Singapore but was
not prepared to accept the variations now being proposed by Compaq.

36 According to Bala, Compaq had, by the time it issued the letter of
termination, recruited sufficient staff strength to provide the requisite
services to Reuters Singapore without the assistance of CIS. Nevertheless,
Compaq continued to pass some work orders on to CIS. CIS could have refused to
handle these work orders but the management of CIS – who, according to Bala,
still had strong loyalty to Reuters Singapore – did not want to cause
difficulties to Reuters and so continued to carry out the work orders in spite
of the letter of termination.

37 On 18 January 2002, Clemenson, followed up on his discussions with Bala and
wrote to CIS as follows:

Following on from our telephone discussion last week I have as I promised
reviewed the situation from the Reuters perspective which included me meeting
with Compaq’s senior management yesterday.

Reuters has a contract with Compaq for the provision of services in Singapore
and how Compaq deliver their contractual obligations is outside of Reuters
control. When we signed with them, we made it clear that we believed Reuters
interest would be best served by them having a back to back arrangement with
yourself.

After 18 months of the contract period we, for our own business reasons
elected to enter fresh negotiations with Compaq. This forms part of a global
strategic review of field services outsourcing arrangements in the AP region.
We decided to do this because of market conditions and also because our global
sourcing programme required that we reconsider some of the ways we have been
doing this locally to bring them in line with our global best practices.

Reuters has made no suggestions to Compaq to renegotiate the arrangement with
CIS nor for your company to be removed as their subcontractor. However in
order to meet the new requirements we placed on them it would seem from what I
have been told by them and yourself that Compaq wished to enter into fresh
negotiations with you.

It is not really for Reuters to comment on the processes or discussions that
have taken place between you. When we spoke you told me that you thought
Compaq were being unreasonable and their actions would lead to CIS having
major financial difficulties.

My concern is to ensure that Reuters customers receive the service level we
wish to provide them. To this end it remains in our interest to ensure there
is continuity of service provision as the Compaq and CIS relationship resolves
itself.

Compaq have given me their assurance that they are negotiating with you in
good faith and that the offer they have put before you will in their opinion
ensure continuity of service to us and is also a fair commercial arrangement.
I am not party to the inner details and have no wish to be, they do however
tell me they:

a) offered to retain the services through CIS of 20 of the current 24
engineering staff who work on the Reuters account

b) offered to retain the services through CIS of 3 help desk staff

c) offered to purchase and retain further assets and staff (vehicles and
drivers)

d) have guaranteed to pay for the lease of the whole CIS office through until
mid 2003 (ie the end of the original three year period) and make space
available to CIS within this for your non Reuters business.

They implied to me that they are awaiting your answer on this offer. I trust
this information is correct, albeit and to repeat what I said before, the
finer detail is unknown to me.

Given this understanding and Compaq’s assurance that they are negotiating with
you in good faith I am not sure what else I can do to assist – if you can
think of something I am more than happy to consider it.

Compaq and CIS, encouraged by Reuters Singapore, held discussions to try to
resolve the difficulties between them. These discussions, however, came to
naught.

38 Bala, in a letter to Mok dated 30 January 2002, set out the reasons why CIS
could not accept Compaq’s proposal and concluded the letter by stating:

In view of the above, unless we are able to revert to the previous back to
back arrangement or you have other proposals which can add value and provide
financial benefits to CIS, we cannot see how we can continue with our business
relationship for the future.

On 1 February 2002, Mok responded to say that in the circumstances Compaq will
make the necessary arrangements to continue providing the services to Reuters
Singapore on its own.

39 The discussions with Compaq having failed, CIS commenced this suit against
Compaq wherein CIS claimed that there was a sub-contract between Compaq and
CIS for the provision of field services to Reuters Singapore and claimed
damages from Compaq for the wrongful termination of that sub-contract. It was
CIS case that the said sub-contract was partly in writing, partly by conduct
and partly oral and that when CIS commenced work on 1 July 2000 that sub-
contract was in effect and Compaq was obliged by its terms to allow CIS to
provide field services to Reuters Singapore for a period of 3 years on a back-
to-back basis with the contract that Compaq had with Reuters Singapore at that
time.

40 At about the time the writ was issued CIS terminated the services of 37
members of its staff. This was because Reuters Singapore had always been the
principal client of CIS and with the termination of its sub-contract with
Compaq, these staff members had no work to do. CIS claim for damages for
breach included the salary and retrenchment benefits paid to these staff
members. It was, however, agreed that the hearing would be confined to
liability and that the question of damages will be considered separately if
CIS is successful in this suit.

41 The documents that CIS was relying on to support the alleged sub-contract
were the MOU; the LOA; the drafts exchanged between Bala and Janet; and the
letter from Compaq to CIS dated 18 December 2001. Save for the drafts, the
contents of these documents have been set out above. The only aspect of the
drafts exchanged between Bala and Janet that CIS was relying on was the fact
that the drafts envisaged a 3-year contract. The conduct relied on was the
fact that CIS had provided the requisite field services to Reuters Singapore
from 1 July 2000 and Compaq had paid for those services as agreed. It was
argued on behalf of CIS that this conduct was evidence of the fact that there
was a binding agreement between Compaq and CIS for CIS to perform the field
services to Reuters Singapore on behalf of Compaq on terms set out in the LOA.

42 Compaq denied having entered into any sub-contract at all with CIS. Compaq
argued that the words “subject to final terms and conditions being agreed” in
the LOA meant that there could be no contract between Compaq and CIS until the
agreement referred to in cl 2 of the LOA was signed. It was Compaq’s case that
as that agreement had not been signed, the LOA amounted to no more than a mere
“arrangement” whereby CIS, if requested by Compaq, would perform the services
requested by Compaq at the fees set out in the Schedule thereto. It was
submitted by Mr Philip Tay (“Mr Tay”), counsel for Compaq, that such an
arrangement had no binding effect except when CIS in fact performed any
service requested by Compaq in which event Compaq would be legally bound to
pay for that service in accordance with the fees set out in the Schedule.
Compaq, he submitted, was acting entirely within its rights when it terminated
this “arrangement” on 28 December 2001.

43 Mr Tay also submitted that the conduct of CIS – particularly in pressing
for the draft and its somewhat mild reaction when informed about the proposed
reduction of work orders – indicated that CIS also accepted that it had no
binding contract with Compaq. Mr Tay submitted that none of the documents
relied on by CIS constituted a contract. The draft exchanged between Bala and
Janet, he submitted, was no more than a draft; the LOA was “subject to final
terms and conditions being agreed” and was therefore not a contract; and the
MOU, as the MOU itself provided, was “not a binding or definitive agreement
and creates no legal or binding obligation on either party”.

44 The fact that CIS had pressed Compaq to produce the draft agreement did
not, in my view, necessarily mean that there was at that stage no binding
contract between the parties. The LOA had envisaged that a formal agreement
would be signed and all that Bala was doing was pressing for that to happen.
Neither did the fact that CIS tried to accommodate and not confront Compaq,
when Compaq reduced the volume of work orders to be attended to by CIS,
necessarily mean (unless waiver or estoppel was pleaded and established) that
there was no enforceable contractual obligation between them. These are,
however, relevant factors to take into account when considering the conduct of
the parties. In that consideration, other relevant factors – such as the fact
that for a considerable period after the award of the LOA, CIS had, on behalf
of Compaq, provided all the field services required by Reuters Singapore –
have to be taken into account.

45 The most critical of the documentary evidence produced in this case was the
LOA of 30 June 2000. The fact that Compaq gave this letter the heading “Letter
of Award” was significant. Such a heading gives the impression that the
negotiations between the parties had been successfully concluded and Reuters
Singapore was “awarding” the work to CIS. That impression is – if one ignores
the words “subject to final terms and conditions being agreed” – reinforced by
cl 1 of the LOA. In that clause, Compaq “confirmed” that it had “selected” CIS
to supply the installation, maintenance and related services for the Reuters
Field Outsourcing project in Singapore. That clause – drafted by Compaq – does
not impose any limitation or other qualification on the installation,
maintenance and related services that CIS was to provide. In the absence of
any words of limitation, the effect of that clause, as a matter of
construction, would be that “all” such works would be carried out by CIS: a
construction consistent with Compaq sub-contracting the works “back-to-back”
to CIS as envisaged in the MOU.

46 Ignoring for the time being the effect of the words “subject to final terms
and conditions being agreed”, the language used in the LOA, namely:

  * the description of the letter of 30 June 2000 as a “Letter of Award”;
  * the confirmation in cl 1 thereof that Compaq had _selected_ CIS to provide the requisite services;
  * the statement in cl 2 that CIS by accepting the LOA agrees to commence work on the terms stated in the Schedules to the LOA;
  * the emphatic statement in cl 3 that “the Agreement shall take effect on 1st July 2000”;
  * the expression of thanks to CIS in cl 5 for their co-operation during the negotiations;

all indicate that the negotiations between Compaq and CIS had, by 30 June
2000, been successfully concluded and that, upon CIS signing its acceptance in
the space provided in the LOA, the agreement was in place.

47 The fact that after accepting the LOA, CIS rendered the requisite services
for a period of 18 months was also a strong indicator that by 1 July 2000 the
terms of the sub-contract between Compaq and CIS had been agreed. The fact
that the LOA required the “award” to be “accepted” by CIS and that prior to
commencing work on 1 July 2000 CIS had accepted that award is also
significant. This is conduct indicative of a desire to enter immediately into
a binding arrangement.

48 Nowhere in the LOA did Compaq say – as is their claim now – that until a
formal agreement was signed CIS was to provide “such services as may from time
to time be requested by Compaq”. This does not appear in the MOU either. If
that was the arrangement that Compaq wished to have with CIS for the provision
of field services to Reuters Singapore from 1 July 2000, then Compaq – unless
it wanted to mislead CIS – should (and indeed would) have made that clear in
the LOA. I say this because providing “such services as may from time to time
be requested by Compaq” is a far cry from the “back-to-back” arrangement
envisaged in the MOU and the tenor of the discussions held after that.

49 I have no doubt – and I accept Bala’s evidence in this regard – that had
the MOU stated that CIS would only provide such services as Compaq may “from
time to time” request, CIS would not have agreed to the MOU. Similarly, I
accept Bala’s evidence that if the LOA had stated that CIS, until a formal
agreement is signed, would provide such services to Reuters Singapore as
Compaq may “from time to time” request, CIS would not have accepted the LOA
and would not have provided the services it did to Reuters Singapore from 1
July 2000.

50 The question that has to be considered is whether the words “subject to
final terms and conditions being agreed” in cl 1 of the LOA derogates from the
award by Compaq to CIS of the sub-contract. Numerous cases were cited in
support of the proposition that when a document states that it is “subject to
contract” the courts, unless there is cogent evidence of a contrary intention,
construe those words so as to postpone the incidence of liability until a
formal document has been drafted and signed. Those cases, however, are not of
any particular relevance here since the words used here were not the words
“subject to contract” but the words “subject to final terms and conditions
being agreed”. I will also not deal with the cases where different formulae
were used as the words involved and the factual matrix of those cases were so
different from the present case that those cases cannot provide much
assistance.

51 The approach taken when dealing with formulae other than the formula
“subject to contract” is summarised in Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of
Contract (Second Singapore and Malaysian Edition 1998) at 100 as follows:

Upon the particular phrase “subject to contract” the pressure of litigation
has stamped a precise significance. In other cases it is often difficult to
decide if the language used justifies the inference of a complete and final
agreement. The task of the courts is to extract the intention of the parties
both from the terms of their correspondence and from the circumstances which
surround and follow it, and the question of interpretation may thus be stated.
_Is the preparation of a further document a condition precedent to the
creation of a contract or is it an incident in the performance of an already
binding obligation?_ As in all questions of construction, the comparison of
decided cases is apt to confuse rather than to illuminate. It would appear,
however, that, whenever there is evidence that the parties have acted upon the
faith of a written document, the courts will prefer to assume that the
document embodies a definite intention to be bound and will strive to
implement its terms. [Emphasis added]

Mr Harpal Singh, who appeared for CIS, submitted that the answer to the
question posed in the above passage – Is the preparation of a further document
a condition precedent to the creation of a contract or is it an incident in
the performance of an already binding obligation? – would determine whether in
this case a contract was or was not in existence. He submitted that in this
case the essential terms of the contract had not only been agreed but had been
implemented and that the signing of a formal agreement was therefore no more
than an incident in the performance of an already binding obligation.

52 On the evidence I heard, I was satisfied that as of the date of the LOA all
material terms and conditions necessary for CIS to commence providing the
installation, maintenance and related services to Reuters Singapore had been
agreed upon in the LOA and CIS had, for a considerable period of time
thereafter, been providing the services on the terms agreed. The use of the
word “final”, in the phrase “subject to final terms and conditions being
agreed”, also suggests that at the date of the LOA the terms and conditions
had been agreed upon but as there were some final terms that the parties may
agree upon, those terms (if agreed) would be included in the formal agreement
to be signed.

53 The general tenor of the LOA (discussed in paras 45 and 46 above); the fact
that Compaq, in spite of the deadline of 14 July 2000 it set in the LOA, saw
no urgency to draft the agreement in question; and the fact that CIS provided
the required services for a period of 18 months, all indicate that the signing
of a formal agreement was not in the nature of a condition precedent to the
creation of a contract but merely an incident in the performance of an already
existing contract. In other words, when CIS accepted the LOA, an agreement
came into being which agreement – with the addition of such final terms and
conditions as may be agreed – was to be incorporated into a formal agreement.
I will add that even if the words “subject to final terms and conditions being
agreed” could be considered as being similar in meaning to the words “subject
to contract”, there was in this case cogent evidence that the parties intended
the LOA to have immediate contractual effect.

54 The agreement that came into being as a result of the acceptance by CIS of
the LOA was that CIS would, for a period of 3 years with effect from 1 July
2000, provide the installation, maintenance and related services for the
Reuters Field Outsourcing project in Singapore on the terms set out in the
Schedules to the LOA. By withholding some of those services from CIS and by
terminating this agreement without cause before the 3-year period had run,
Compaq was, in my view, in breach of its contractual obligations to CIS.

55 CIS, in its Statement of Claim, sought compensation for the loss and damage
it suffered when Compaq wrongfully terminated its services. The parties had,
however, requested at the commencement of the hearing that the assessment of
that compensation should be dealt with separately and this request had been
granted. I therefore give judgment (with costs) for CIS in respect of the
wrongful termination of its services and order that the assessment of the
damage arising from the said termination form the subject matter of a separate
hearing to be conducted by the Registrar.

Plaintiffs’ claim allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

