Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Roberto Building Material Pte Ltd and Others v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp
Ltd and Another  
[2003] SGCA 18

Case Number | : | CA 100/2002, Notice of Motion 18/2003, 24/2003, 25/2003, 26/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 April 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Joseph Tan Wee Kong, Foo Jien Huei (Kenneth Tan Partnership) for the Appellants; Lee Eng Beng, Chio Yuen-Lyn (Rajah & Tann) for the first Respondent; Loong Tse Chuan (Allen & Gledhill) for the second respondent   
Parties | : |  Roberto Building Material Pte Ltd; Tan Heng Yong; Ho Kit Sun; Tan Heng How — Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp Ltd; Don Ho Mun-Tuke   
  
Civil Procedure – Jurisdiction – Inherent – Stay of appeal pending payment of
taxed costs of action below – Rules of Court O 92 r 4 (Cap 322, Rule 5, 1997
Rev Ed).  
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Stay of appeal – Whether a single Judge can order
stay of appeal pending payment of taxed costs of action below – Supreme Court
of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) s 36(1).  
  

**_Delivered by_ Choo Han Teck J**

1 There were two applications taken out by the first respondent in Notice of
Motion 18 of 2003. The first was for an order dismissing the appeal unless the
appellants pay forthwith costs of the trial taxed at $280,000 as well as a
further sum of $7,000 being costs thrown away in favour of the first
respondent. The second application was for an order for further security of
$80,000 in respect of costs for the appeal.

2 The first respondent was a defendant in the trial below. The first appellant
is a company in which the second, third and fourth appellants are directors
owning in total a total of 99.8% of the shares in the company. The first
respondent is a bank which, in 1995, granted banking facilities to the first
appellant. The other appellants executed deeds of guarantee in respect of
those facilities. The first appellant defaulted in 1997 but managed to reduce
the debt in 1998 but remained largely exposed.

3 By March 2000 the first appellant’s financial position deteriorated to the
extent that the first respondent felt compelled to demand payment of the
outstanding debt of $32,921,485.06 from the four appellants. On 22 April 2000
the first respondent exercised its contractual rights and appointed a Receiver
and Manager (the second respondent) to the first appellant.

4 The first appellant subsequently commenced proceedings by way of Originating
Summons No 1889 of 2000 against the first and second respondents alleging
among other matters, bad faith on the part of the first respondent, as well as
recklessness in appointing the second respondent as Receiver and Manager.
Essentially, the first appellant alleged that its financial ruin was caused by
the first and second respondents. The first appellant claimed that not only
were they not liable for the $32,921,485.06 debt but also claimed for damages
in the region of $25,000,000 to $30,000,000 on account of loss suffered by
them arising from the fault of the respondents.

5 The second, third and fourth appellants also executed a deed of indemnity in
favour of the first appellant to indemnify it against any costs that might be
awarded against the company. The originating summons was converted to a writ
action and tried before Justice Lai Kew Chai. The appellants lost. Costs were
awarded to the first respondent and taxed at $280,000. In addition to this
sum, a sum of $7,000 being costs thrown away to the first respondent in
respect of amendments to the pleadings. The four appellants filed an appeal
against the decision of Justice Lai but had till date not paid the costs due
to the first respondent. They were also ordered to pay the second respondent’s
costs although the latter had not yet taxed the costs awarded.

6 Mr Joseph Tan appearing on behalf of all the appellants initially objected
to Mr Lee Eng Beng’s application on behalf of the first respondent to amend
the Notice of Motion so that "First Appellant" may read as "the Appellants" or
"First, Second, Third and Fourth Appellants". He submitted that he had not
prepared any arguments on behalf of the second, third and fourth appellants
because they were not named in the motion.

7 It appears to me that the objection was a specious one in the circumstances
will show. The exchange of correspondence between the solicitors indicated
that all the appellants (who were jointly represented by Mr Tan) were aware of
the nature and grounds of this application. The only dispute or issue was
whether the first respondent ought to have made a formal application by way of
a summons-in-chambers to amend the Notice of Motion. Mr Tan referred me to
_SMS Pte Ltd v Power Energy Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 767 in which the court ruled
that an application to strike out a defence must be made by way of a summons-
in-chambers and not orally on the day of trial. The basis was that the
defendant did not comply with certain discovery orders.

8 I do not think that the decision in the _SMS_ case can be criticised because
it did not appear that there were any sound reasons why a formal application
was not made beforehand there. There was also no reason to strike out the
defence there for failure to comply with an "unless order" for there was none.
The oral application was thus sprung on the defendants late and in ambush.

9 In the present case, the first respondent’s intended application was made
manifestly clear to all the appellants and so were the issues. From the time-
line described by Mr Lee (without challenge as to the accuracy of the dates) I
am of the view that there was no inordinate delay in taking out these
applications. The main issues were first, whether the appeal ought to be
dismissed or stayed if costs were not paid forthwith, and secondly, whether
further security for costs ought also be ordered. In the event, however, I
indulged Mr Tan and directed Mr Lee to file and serve his formal application
to amend the Notice of Motion by naming all appellants instead of just the
first appellant. Consequently, I gave leave to Mr Tan to address me further as
to why the first respondent’s application should not be granted. Both counsel
had submitted written arguments before me, but Mr Tan initially submitted that
he made no arguments on behalf of the second, third and fourth appellants.
However, on the resumed hearing after the first respondent had filed a formal
application to amend the Motion, Mr Tan made further submissions, this time on
behalf of all appellants.

10 Mr Tan conceded that he had no reason to offer as to why the taxed costs
had not been paid although it appears clear that the appellants do not have
the funds to pay and now argue that their financial plight was caused by the
respondents. Mr Tan argued that the first respondent filed this application
only four days before the respondents were due to file the respondents’ case.
The respondents did, however, file their case and so it was not a matter of
much significance although Mr Tan submitted that it would have hampered his
preparations. The appeal is scheduled for hearing in the week commencing 28
April 2003. One of the issues raised by Mr Tan in his second submission was
that the court had no authority to stay the appeal because s 36(1) of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act made no provision for such power. Section
36(1) reads as follows:

"In any proceeding pending before the Court of Appeal, any direction
incidental thereto not involving the decision of the appeal, any interim order
to prevent prejudice to the claims of parties pending the appeal, and any
order for security for costs and for the dismissal of an appeal for default in
furnishing security so ordered may be at any time be made by a Judge."

Mr Tan further submitted that the respondents have no basis to ask for a stay
in any event because the Notice of Motion prayed for a dismissal of the
appeal. While I agree that the appeal should not be dismissed just because
costs awarded below had not been paid. However, s 36(1) expressly empowers the
court to make any incidental order or direction not involving the merits of
the appeal and that, in my view, is sufficiently wide to empower the court to
stay the appeal until costs below are paid and further security furnished.

11 An application to stay an appeal for failure to pay costs is not the same
as a similar application made to stay the trial. Until trial, the respective
merits of the case for both sides have not been determined and it may result
in injustice if the trial does not proceed on account of the mere
impecuniosity of a party. That is not to say, of course, that a trial cannot
otherwise be stayed since every application turns on its own facts and
circumstances. Hence the authority of _Lascomme Ltd v United Dominions Trust
(Ireland) Ltd_ [1993] 3 IR 412 cited to me by Mr Tan is not very helpful not
only because that case concerned a stay application before trial although the
factual background bears some similarity to the present. An application of
this nature after a full trial is, however, very different in that the merits
of the case would have been fully ventilated and the only issue on appeal is
whether the judge had erred. In such a case, the appellants can hardly rely on
the argument that their impecuniosity was caused by the respondents. The trial
judge had ruled otherwise. Hence that is a spent argument. In balancing the
equities at this stage, the advantage lies with the respondents because they
have the weight of the judgment behind them. It behoved the appellants to
satisfy me that they have a case on appeal so powerful that their
impecuniosity notwithstanding, they ought to be allowed to proceed less a
grave injustice is done. There was nothing whatsoever in Mr Tan’s written
submission on behalf of the first appellant (who was the principal party) to
suggest what merit it has on appeal let alone a strong or powerful case.

12 Two very brief grounds were submitted to me in counsel’s written submission
of 24 March 2003. First, it was argued that "the first respondent breached its
duty of good faith when they appointed the receiver and when they refused to
withdraw the appointment despite knowledge of the Chesterfield offer". This,
with respect, is a regurgitation of a part of the appellants’ allegations. It
is not an argument, let alone one that tended to show any merit in the appeal.
The appellants blamed the first respondent for the withdrawal of an offer to
purchase (by Chesterfield) but that did not appear to impress the trial judge
in the least. Secondly, counsel submitted that the trial judge applied the
wrong test in that it ought to have applied the "reasonable time" test and not
"the mechanics of payment test". Nothing was advanced to persuade me why the
test was wrongly applied.

13 The second respondent also made a similar application for further security
for costs and Mr Loong, counsel for the second respondent prayed for a sum of
$80,000 to be ordered. He adopted the arguments of Mr Lee in support of his
client’s application. The second respondent had also been awarded costs of the
trial but his costs had not been taxed. If a party wishes to pursue an appeal
it may only do so if the successful party is not prejudiced. Not having been
paid the taxed costs is sufficient prejudice and so the respondent ought not
face the prospect of incurring even more costs. If an impecunious appellant
wishes to proceed without paying costs or security it must at least lay out a
strong case that it has an important point of law to argue and has a strong
likelihood of success, but even so, the discretion lies with the court.

14 For the reasons above, I ordered that the appeal be stayed until the costs
awarded to the first respondent are paid and further security in the sum of
$40,000 in favour of the first respondent and $10,000 in favour of the second
respondent are furnished. Mr Tan had asked for time until 17 April 2003 to
make payment and I am of the view that that is not an unreasonable request and
so I directed that payment be made by 17 April 2003. Mr Tan enquired if I am
making a default order. In my view, a default order is not strictly necessary
especially when a specific date had been given for payment of further security
to be made. If no payment was made by that date the respondents would be
entitled to make a further application, this time to dismiss the appeal. I
directed that the costs of these motions are reserved to end of the appeal
should it proceed, or failing which, upon further order by application.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Apr 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

