Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Peng Lian Trading Co v Contour Optik Inc and Others  
[2003] SGCA 25

Case Number | : | CA 126/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 June 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Judith Prakash J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Alban Kang, Ms Karol Goh, Koh Chia Ling (Alban Kang Mahtani & de Silva) for Appellants; Respondent (in person - absent)   
Parties | : |  Peng Lian Trading Co — Contour Optik Inc; Dalmink Fashion Products 1989 Pte Ltd; Chao Richard Hao-Chih   
  
Patents and Inventions – Inventive step – Finding of inventive role – Role of
appellate court  
  
Patents and Inventions – Inventive step – Finding of inventive step – Whether
court entitled to scrutinise expert evidence  
  
Patents and Inventions – Inventive step – Finding of inventive step – Whether
invention amounts to new use of old contrivance  
  

**_ Delivered by Chao Hick Tin JA _ **

1 This appeal concerns the alleged infringements of two patents relating to
spectacle frames, each comprising a primary and an auxiliary frame in which
the auxiliary frame is attached to the primary frame by magnetic means. The
primary frame is for housing prescription lenses while the auxiliary frame is
for tinted lenses.

2 The two patents are numbered 47151 and 60169, with priority dates of 10 June
1996 and 13 December 1996 respectively. The owners of the said patents are the
third respondent and the first respondent respectively, with the second
respondent, a Singapore company, being the exclusive licensee of the patents.
The third respondent was also the inventor of the patents. Two claims were
made in respect of patent 47151 and four in respect of patent 60169.

3 The material difference between the two patents lies in the positioning of
the magnets. In the first patent, a pair of magnets is mounted at the temple
area of the primary frame (one at each arm), near the hinge, and a second pair
of magnets is mounted in the corresponding locations on the arms of the
auxiliary frame. In the second patent, one or two magnets are mounted on the
bridge of the primary frame and the corresponding number of magnets are
mounted on the bridge of the auxiliary frame.

4 Two actions were instituted by the respondents (who were the plaintiffs in
the actions and will hereinafter be referred to as “the plaintiffs”) for
alleged infringements of the two patents. In one action the defendants were
Peng Lian Trading Co (“Peng Lian”) and another party. In another action, the
defendants were two other entities. Peng Lian was alleged to have infringed
both patents. All the defendants disputed that the patents were valid; they
also denied any infringement.

5 In relation to patent 47151, the trial judge found that while claim 1
thereof was not valid for lack of novelty, claim 2 was a patentable invention.
As regards patent 60169, the judge found that the first two claims were not
valid for lack of novelty but claims 3 and 4 were patentable inventions.
However, the judge also found that the plaintiffs had not proven that Peng
Lian had infringed the patents. For completeness, we should add that the
plaintiffs’ actions against all the other defendants for infringements had
also failed. The present appeal by Peng Lian is against that part of the
decision below which held that claim 2 of patent 47151 and claims 3 and 4 of
patent 60169 are valid.

**Claims in the patents**

6 In order to better appreciate the issues in this appeal, it is necessary
that we set out what inventive concepts were alleged to have been incorporated
in the claims made in the two patents. For patent 47151, three inventive
concepts were claimed:

(i) top-down attachment of the magnets at the temporal position of the frames;

(ii) use of separate projections for housing the magnets, which were welded to
both arms of the frame;

(iii) positioning each projection lower than the upper side of each arm of the
auxiliary frame, such that the projection would extend downwards to the arms
or magnetic member of the primary frame, thereby creating a hooking effect.

Whereas claim 1 of the patent incorporated only the first two concepts, claim
2 encompassed all three concepts.

7 For claim 1, the judge found that it lacked novelty because of prior art as
depicted in a photograph of the Pentax Twincome (“Twincome”) published in the
Nihon Kogyo Shimbun. The question which confronted the court below was whether
the projection for housing the magnet (“the housing”) was die cast together
with each arm of the spectacle frame or whether it was welded onto the arm.
While on a visual examination of the photograph the position was not entirely
clear, the judge having heard the evidence of the experts from both sides
found that the housing, as depicted in the photograph, was probably welded
onto the arm of the spectacle. In coming to this view, he took into account
the fact that the plaintiffs’ expert, Mr Dirk Michielsen, accepted that it was
common general knowledge that a cheaper method of manufacture was to weld,
rather than cast, the housing onto each arm of the frame.

8 The defendants accepted that because of the hooking effect, claim 2
satisfied the requirement of novelty. The judge also held that it satisfied
the requirement of an inventive step. As this aspect is the subject of Peng
Lian’s appeal, more will be said about it later.

9 As regards patent 60169, the following were the inventive concepts which
were alleged to have been incorporated:-

(i) an eye-glass device where the auxiliary frame can be attached to the
primary frame with only one hand by means of magnetic members secured at the
bridges of the frames, the bridge of the auxiliary frame extending over and
engaging with the bridge of the primary frame.

(ii) An eye-glass device with the above features and where the members of only
one of the bridges of the primary and auxiliary frames need to be magnets and
the other bridge needs only to be of magnetizable substance.

Whereas claims 1 and 2 incorporated only concept (i), claims 3 and 4
incorporated both the concepts.

10 The judge found that claims 1 and 2 were anticipated by a Miki design which
was filed some ten days before the priority date claimed for patent 60169. In
the Miki design, the magnetic contact was on the vertical plane of the bridge.
While the plaintiffs said that the magnetic attachment in patent 60169 was on
the horizontal plane, i.e., in a top-down fashion, this was not stated in
claims 1 and 2. The plaintiffs instead wanted the court to read such a
restriction into those claims when it was not so spelt out. Indeed, in a
drawing accompanying the invention filed with the Patent Office, the magnetic
contact was shown to be on a vertical plane. In view of the fact that claims 1
and 2 did not limit the monopoly claimed to only top down attachment, the
trial judge held that the invention was anticipated by the Miki design and was
not new.

11 While the judge found claims 1 and 2 to be invalid for lack of novelty,
being anticipated by the Miki design, he found claims 3 and 4 to be patentable
inventions. However, he also found that the plaintiffs had obtained the patent
by a misrepresentation, namely, by stating that the corresponding US patent
was the same or substantially the same invention as that in patent 60169 when
it was not so. Accordingly, he held that the plaintiffs were not entitled to
the priority date claimed, the date on which the US patent was filed.

12 At this juncture, we ought to add that the plaintiffs had, in fact, filed a
notice of appeal against all the findings of the trial judge, in so far as the
findings were not in their favour. However, several days before the date fixed
for the hearing of their appeal, the plaintiffs indicated a change of mind
and, through their counsel, withdrew their appeal on the scheduled hearing
day.

13 However, even though the trial judge did not find any of the defendants
liable to the plaintiffs for patent infringement, Peng Lian has appealed
against that part of the judge’s decision as indicated in ¶5 above. Peng Lian
asserts that those claims are not valid for lack of an inventive step. This is
the issue which will be examined subsequently in this judgment.

14 In accordance with the plaintiffs/respondents’ instructions, their counsel
obtained leave of court to discharge himself from further acting for them, and
thus he took no part in the hearing of Peng Lian’s appeal.

**Inventive step: the law**

15 An invention, to be patentable must, in accordance with s 13(1) of the
Patents Act, satisfy the following three conditions:-

(i) the invention is new;

(ii) it involves an inventive step; and

(iii) it is capable of industrial application.

Only condition (ii) is relevant to this appeal.

16 What would constitute an inventive step is set out in s 15 of the Patents
Act which reads:-

“An invention shall be taken to involve an inventive step if it is not obvious
to a person skilled in the art, having regard to any matter which forms part
of the state of the art by virtue only of s 14(2) and without having regard to
s 14(3).”

17 In the often quoted case of _Windsurfing International Inc v Tabur Marine
(Great Britain) Ltd_ [1985] RPC 59 at 73, the English Court of Appeal
expounded a four-step approach to determine whether something involves an
inventive step:-

(i) identify the inventive concept embodied in the patent;

(ii) assume the mantle of the normally skilled but unimaginative addressee in
the art at the priority date and impute to him what was, at that date, the
common general knowledge in the art in question;

(iii) identify what, if any, differences exist between the cited prior act and
the alleged invention;

(iv) ask whether viewed without any knowledge of the alleged invention, those
differences constitute steps which would have been obvious to the skilled man
or whether they require any degree of invention.

This court had in previous cases adopted this four-step approach, e.g., _Merck
& Co Inc v Pharmaforte Singapore Ptd Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR 717.

18 The person to whom the test of obviousness should be applied is the
unimaginative skilled technician. What this means was elaborated as follows by
Lord Reid in _Technograph Printed Circuits Ltd v Mills & Rockley Electronics
Ltd_ [1972] RPC 346 at 355:-

“To whom must the invention be obvious? It is not disputed that the
hypothetical addressee is a skilled technician who is well acquainted with
workshop technique and who has carefully read the relevant literature. He is
supposed to have an unlimited capacity to assimilate the contents of, it may
be scores of specifications but to be incapable of a scintilla of invention.
When dealing with obviousness, unlike novelty, it is permissible to make a
‘mosaic’ out of the relevant documents, but it must be a mosaic which can be
put together by an unimaginative man with no inventive capacity.

Whether or not it was obvious to take a particular step is a question of fact;
it was formerly left to a jury. But the question is not whether it is now
obvious to the court (or to the jury) but whether at the relevant date it
would have been obvious to the unimaginative skilled technician.”

19 In this regard, the words of Whitford J expressed at first instance in the
case of _Genetech Inc Patent_ [1989] RPC 147, and which was approved by Dillon
LJ on appeal, are worthy of note –

“to render an invention obvious it was not necessary that the material in
question should have been the first choice of the notional research worker; it
was enough that the material was ‘lying on the road’ and there for the
research worker to use.”

20 Finally, in _Molnlycke A.B. v Procter & Gamble_ [1994] RPC 49, the English
Court of Appeal held that in determining whether an invention involved an
inventive step, which is a matter of fact, the court would rely on the
evidence of expert witnesses. Sir Donald Nicholls VC explained this aspect as
follows:-

“In applying the statutory criterion and making these findings the court will
almost invariably require the assistance of expert evidence. The primary
evidence will be that of properly qualified expert witnesses who will say
whether or not in their opinions the relevant step would have been obvious to
a skilled man having regard to the state of the art. All other evidence is
secondary to that primary evidence.”

**Claim 2 of Patent 47151**

21 Applying the four-step approach advocated in _Windsurfing_ , the trial
judge, in determining that claim 2 of patent 47151 involved an inventive step,
said:-

“Concept (iii), the hooking effect, is an idea that appears obvious with the
benefit of hindsight. However, many brilliant ideas have appeared simple with
hindsight and the fact that it is not one of the features in the Twincome,
although it takes very little to incorporate it, indicates that it does
involve an inventive step and I so hold.”

22 Peng Lian contended that the judge had come to the wrong conclusion on the
point because he did not give sufficient consideration to the evidence of the
expert witnesses, and, in particular, had failed to appreciate that the
question of obviousness is a question of fact.

23 Peng Lian relied upon two matters to assert that there was prior art to
claim 2. First, the use of magnets to better secure the auxiliary frame to the
primary frame was first published on 23 August 1990 (PCT/DE90/0009). Second,
the use of a restraint or creating a hooking device to better secure the
auxiliary frame to the primary frame was first published in April 1985 in the
“Hi-Rise Optical Frame System”.

24 Peng Lian submitted that on the evidence of their two experts, Mr Tega and
Mr Lee Byung-Chang, it would have been obvious to a person skilled in the art
to create a “hooking effect” like that spelt out in claim 2 to secure the
auxiliary frame to the primary frame. Mr Lee told the court that, having
regard to Twincome, it would have been obvious to a skilled person to develop
the feature in claim 2. Mr Tega gave evidence to the same effect. Peng Lian
further pointed out that even the plaintiffs’ own expert, Mr Michielsen,
agreed that it would be obvious to a skilled person in the art to have a
mechanical restraint in order to stop any horizontal movement. In particular,
Mr Michielsen also accepted that it would be obvious to have a mechanical
restraint of the sort depicted in claim 2.

25 Moreover, counsel for Peng Lian contended that there was no primary
evidence before the court upon which the trial judge could rely to hold that
the creation of the “hooking effect” involved an inventive step. It would have
been different if there was conflicting evidence from the experts called by
the parties. This was not the case here. While Peng Lian recognised that we
should not consider the question of obviousness with the benefit of hindsight,
and that, what with hindsight may seem plain and obvious was often not so seen
at the time, it argued that in the light of the state of the art, a skilled
addressee would have known that the housing could be welded slightly higher or
lower than the upper level of the arm of the primary frame. If the top of the
housing was not level with the top level of the arm of the primary frame, a
kink would be created which would act as a restraint when the auxiliary frame
sits on the primary frame. Peng Lian submitted that it was a process that
would not involve “much lateral thinking”.

26 In this regard, we must make two observations. First, while it is true that
in cross-examination Mr Michielsen agreed that creating a kink of the kind in
claim 2 would be obvious to a skilled person, he did in re-examination correct
his earlier answers. Second, none of the prior art which Peng Lian’s experts
relied upon to assert that the kink created by claim 2 was obvious, taught a
skilled worker to create a kink of this nature. The prior art taught the
creation of mechanical restraint through the use of clips, hooks and catches,
but not through the use of the positioning of the housing. Peng Lian’s experts
did not explain why the prior art would necessarily have taught a skilled
person to take the step depicted in claim 2, rendering the invention obvious.

27 In the light of the observations above, we are unable to accept Peng Lian’s
submission that the trial judge erred in not accepting the opinion of their
experts. The court is entitled to scrutinize the opinion expressed by an
expert, particularly in a case where the conclusion drawn does not _ipso
facto_ follow from the premise. The experts had made bare assertions without
offering any explanation why the prior art would necessarily lead the skilled
person to the invention in claim 2.

28 It is all too easy to say, after the event, that the thing was obvious and
involved no invention. _Ex post facto_ analysis can often be unfair to
inventors: see _Non-Drip Measure Co Ltd v Strangers Ltd_ [1943] 60 RPC 135 at
142. It is right to remind ourselves that a small step could still be an
inventive step. In _Killick v Pye_ [1958] RPC 366 at 377, Ormerod LJ,
delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal said: “It is well settled that
the validity of a patent challenged on the ground of inventiveness, may be
established though the inventive step represents a very small advance.”

29 Similarly, the fact that an invention is simple does not mean that it is
obvious. In _Siddell v Vickers & Sons Ltd_ (1890) 7 RPC 292 at 304, Lord
Herschell highlighted this very misconception:-

“If the apparatus be valuable by reason of its simplicity there is a danger of
being misled by that very simplicity into the belief that no invention was
needed to produce it. But experience has shown that not a few inventions …
have been of so simple a character that once they have been made known it was
difficult … not to believe that they must have been obvious to everybody.”

30 Finally, an appellate tribunal should be cautious in differing from the
trial judge’s evaluation of what was obvious. Here we think the speech of Lord
Hoffmann in _Biogen Inc v Medeva_ [1997] RPC 1 at 45 is instructive:-

“It is because specific findings of fact, even by the most meticulous judge,
are inherently an incomplete statement of the impression which was made upon
him by the primary evidence. His expressed findings are always surrounded by a
penumbra of imprecision as to emphasis, relative weight, minor qualification
and nuance (as Renan said, _la verite est dans une nuance_), of which time and
language do not permit exact expression, but which may play an important part
in the judge’s overall evaluation. It would in my view be wrong to treat
_Benmax_ as authorising or requiring an appellate court to undertake a _de
novo_ evaluation of the facts in all cases in which no question of the
credibility of witnesses is involved. Where the application of a legal
standard such as negligence or obviousness involves no question of principle
but is simply a matter of degree, an appellate court should be very cautious
in differing from the judge’s evaluation.”

31 The step taken in claim 2 may seem small. But, to our minds, it is no less
a significant step forward, a step which nobody else had taken before. We have
the distinct impression that Peng Lian’s experts had rationalized the matter
with the benefit of hindsight. Accordingly, we would uphold the finding of the
trial judge that claim 2 does involve an inventive step and is, therefore,
valid.

**Claims 3 and 4 of Patent 60169**

32 As mentioned above, the issue here is whether the use of a magnetizable
substance and a magnet on the primary and auxiliary frames, as opposed to
using two magnets, would constitute an inventive step. Peng Lian pointed out
that, in coming to the conclusion that the switch constituted an inventive
step, the trial judge did not give any reason.

33 Peng Lian submitted that such a switch was nothing more than a new use of
an old contrivance and no inventive step was involved. It said that the prior
art (PCT/WO90/09611), published on 23 August 1990, had already disclosed the
use of a magnet with a magnetizable substance for attaching the auxiliary
frame to the primary frames. This fact even came out from the plaintiffs’
expert, Mr Michielsen, in cross-examination. We set out below the relevant
questions and answers:-

Q: Patent 60169, Claims 2, 3 and 4 at page 51. Difference between Claim 1 and
2 (read with 3 and 4) is that Claim 1 uses two magnets, one each at primary
and auxiliary frames, whereas claim 2 read with 3 and 4 has only one magnet
either at primary or auxiliary frame, with corresponding member being of a
magnetizable material?

A: Yes.

Q: Is there anything new or inventive in using one magnet plus magnetizable
material in place of two magnets to hold the two frames together?

A: No.

Q: Would it have been obvious to a person skilled in the art to use magnet and
magnetizable material instead of using two magnets?

A: Yes.

34 In support of its contention that a new use of an old contrivance could not
involve an inventive step, Peng Lian relied upon _Harwood v Great Northern Rly
Co_ [1864-65] 11 ER 654 where Lord Westbury, LC said, at 682:-

“Upon that I think that the law is well and rightly settled, for there would
be no end to the interference with trade, and with the liberty of any
mechanical contrivance being adapted, if every slight difference in the
application of a well-known thing were held to constitute a patent … No
sounder or more wholesome doctrine, I think, was ever established than .. you
cannot have a patent for a well-known mechanical contrivance merely because it
is applied in a manner or to a purpose which is analogous to the manner or to
the purpose in or to which it has been hitherto notoriously used.”

35 In the light of the facts stated in ¶33 above, it is our judgment that
there was no basis for the trial judge to have come to the conclusion that the
change constituted an inventive step. While we recognise that where a claim is
constituted by a combination of separate features there could be inventiveness
in that combination even if the separate features are themselves obvious
provided that the combination produces a new or improved result, such is not
the case here. As of the priority date, the use of a magnet and a magnetizable
substance to effect attachment was a matter of general knowledge. The
application of that knowledge in the present instance of attaching the
auxiliary frame to the primary frame of a spectacle with the use of a magnet
and a magnetizable substance (though not at the same spot as that indicated in
the prior art PCT/W090/09611) could not require any imagination or invention.

**Judgment**

36 In the premises, we declare that claims 3 and 4 of patent 60169 are not
patentable as they do not involve any inventive step. Accordingly, we order
that patent 60169 be revoked. To that extent, we would allow Peng Lian’s
appeal. Peng Lian shall have half the costs of this appeal. The security for
costs, together with any accrued interest, shall be returned to Peng Lian or
its solicitors.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jun 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

