Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Rafiq Jumabhoy v Scotts Investments (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in compulsory
liquidation)  
[2003] SGHC 119

Case Number | : | OS 499/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 May 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Bar Tien (B T Tan & Co) for the plaintiff; Rajiv Nair (Shook Lin & Bok) for the defendants; Chua Beng Chye (Shook Lin & Bok) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Rafiq Jumabhoy — Scotts Investments (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation)   
  
Insolvency Law – Winding up – \- Commencement of proceedings against company
in compulsory liquidation – Whether leave to commence and continue action can
be granted retrospectively – s 262(3) Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  

1 This Originating Summons (“OS”) was an application by Rafiq Jumabhoy (“RJ”)
for leave to commence and continue with his claim, made by way of
counterclaim, in Suit No 736 of 2002 which suit (“the Suit”) had been
commenced by Scotts Investments (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in compulsory
liquidation) (“SIS”).

2 The Suit was commenced on 25 June 2002. By then, SIS was already in
compulsory liquidation, having been wound up on 1 September 2000. RJ was the
third defendant therein. RJ’s Defence and Counterclaim was filed on 25
November 2002. On 10 February 2003, SIS filed a Summons for Direction and on
14 February 2003, directions were given. On 21 February 2003, RJ’s solicitors
then filed an application for summary judgment on his counterclaim. It was
fixed for hearing on 28 March 2003. However, SIS’ Counsel then took the point
that RJ had not obtained leave of court to commence and continue with his
counterclaim as required under s 262(3) of the Companies Act (Cap 50).
Accordingly, RJ had to apply for such leave and his application for summary
judgment was adjourned pending the outcome of his application for leave.

3 Accordingly, RJ’s application for leave was made by way of the present OS.
In its original form, the OS had sought leave to commence and continue the
existing counterclaim i.e with retrospective effect. However, RJ then applied
and I allowed him leave to amend his OS to include an alternative prayer for
leave to commence a fresh action in the event the court would not grant the
leave retrospectively.

**Hearing on 21 April 2003**

4 The hearing of the OS was heard on the same day as the application to amend
it i.e 21 April 2003. At that hearing, I was informed by Counsel for RJ and
for SIS that SIS would be withdrawing its claim leaving RJ’s counterclaim to
be dealt with.

5 As regards RJ’s application for leave, there were two issues:

(a) should RJ be granted leave to commence his claim at all,

(b) if so, did the court have jurisdiction to grant leave retrospectively or,
to use a latin phrase, _nunc pro tunc._

6 Mr Rajiv Nair, Counsel for SIS, submitted that leave should not be granted
at all. He submitted that RJ should instead go through the liquidation process
which was a summary process, relying on _Re The East Kent Shipping Company
(Limited)_ 18 LT 748 and _The Hull 308_ [1991] SLR 304 which cited _Re
Exchange Securities & Commodities Ltd & others_ [1983] BCLC 186.

7 On the second issue, he relied on _In Re National Employers Mutual General
Insurance Association Ltd_ [1995] 1 BCLC 232 (“NEMGIA”) which is authority for
the proposition that the court has no jurisdiction to grant leave
retrospectively even if the court was minded to grant leave. That was a
decision of Rattee J on s 130(2) of the English Insolvency Act 1986 which, for
present purposes, is in _pari materia_ with our s 262(3). In reaching that
decision, Rattee J followed an earlier decision of Milmo J in _Wilson v Banner
Scaffolding Ltd,_ The Times 22 June 1982.

8 Counsel for RJ, Mr Tan Bar Tien, submitted that, as regards the first issue,
the liquidators of SIS would dispute RJ’s claim anyway and were in fact
prepared to deal with his claim in the usual process of litigation until the
liquidators themselves decided not to pursue SIS’ claim.

9 Mr Tan also submitted that RJ was not trying to escalate costs and that was
why RJ was applying for summary judgment on the issue of liability first. I
should mention at this point that RJ was claiming remuneration for work done
by him pursuant to three board resolutions of SIS between 27 July 1996 and 18
June 1997 and an indemnity for legal costs he had incurred pursuant to two
written indemnities from SIS between 30 June and 9 October 1997.

10 As regards the second issue, Mr Tan did not raise any concern about
limitation defences should I have decided that I had no jurisdiction to grant
leave retrospectively. There was no elaboration before me by Mr Tan or Mr Nair
as to whether part of the claim by RJ might become time-barred, depending on
whether the work or legal costs had been undertaken or incurred more than six
years before an order made prospectively. Mr Tan appeared minded to accept the
proposition that the court had no jurisdiction to grant leave retrospectively.

11 However, I reserved judgment to consider the far-reaching consequences of
such a proposition.

**Further research and decision**

12 Subsequently, I directed the solicitors for each party to do further
research on this point. Eventually, they reverted with, inter alia, the case
of _In re Saunders (A Bankrupt)_ [1997] CH 60. This was a decision by Lindsay
J in which the learned judge declined to follow the two earlier decisions of
Milmo and Rattee JJ when he (Lindsay J) was considering s 285(3) Insolvency
Act 1986 on bankruptcy, a provision which he considered similar to s 130(2) of
the same Act. However, I noted that Lindsay J had granted leave to appeal and
in _Bristol & West Building Society v Trustee of the property of Back and
another (bankrupts)_ [1998] BCLC 485, the court also referred to the decision
of Lindsay J being under appeal. Upon my further inquiry, the solicitors for
each party informed me that they were unable to locate any written judgment of
the appellate court. Neither did they inform me of the outcome of the appeal,
if any. Accordingly, I assumed that no appeal had been proceeded with.

13 After considering all the authorities cited to me, I decided to grant leave
to RJ to commence and continue with his counterclaim i.e leave was granted
retrospectively.

**My reasons**

14 As regards the first issue, I did not find the case of _Re The East Kent
Shipping Company (Limited)_ to be of much help. There the claim of the
plaintiff was on bills of exchange and was not disputed. It was in such
circumstances that the Vice-Chancellor said that, “any creditor who brings an
action against a company where an order or a resolution has been made or
passed to wind up that company takes a most unnecessary step, and is guilty of
incurring costs most uselessly. If one creditor may do so, a hundred might;
….”

15 In _The Hull 308_ , L P Thean J, delivering the judgment of the Court of
Appeal, said, at p 311:

Counsel for the interveners very helpfully referred us to the case of _Re
Exchange Securities & Commodities Ltd & Ors_ [1983] BCLC 186. In that case,
there were ten applications, all by the same nine applicants, relating to ten
companies in liquidation. The applicants in respect of each of the companies
applied for leave under s 231 of the Companies Act 1948 to commence action
against that company. The applicants were all investors in the companies and
sought leave to sue the companies with a view to establishing the existence of
trust interests on the ground that they were not creditors but beneficiaries
under trusts. All the applications were refused by Mervyn Davies J. The
learned judge after reviewing the claims and the authorities concluded thus,
at pp 195-196:

I must now decide the question put to me. I have tried to take account of all
considerations urged upon me on both sides. My decision is that the companies
are not to be at liberty to commence the proposed proceeding. My reason for
this is that I must do what is right and fair in the circumstances: see the
_Aro_ case [1980] CH 196 at p 208. It seems right and fair to me, in the
circumstances of this case, not to allow the action. The approach should be, I
think, that leave should be refused under s 231 if the action proposed raises
issues which can be conveniently decided in the course of the winding up. It
seems plain to me that the issues which would be discussed in the proposed
Chancery action can perfectly well be decided in the ordinary course of the
liquidation. Now that the liquidator is aware of the trust claims and
moreover, has by his counsel undertaken to put before the court in a neutral
fashion the issue whether or not the various classes of investors have trust
interests, it seems to me quite unnecessary to allow a separate action to
decide these issues. I add that there seems to me positive benefit in having
the issues decided in the liquidation because the procedure should be quicker
and less expensive than writ or originating summons proceedings.

The general approach I have mentioned gives way in special circumstances: see,
for example, the _Redman_ case and compare the _Aro_ case. I see no special
circumstances here. The considerations urged on the plaintiffs’ behalf do not,
singly or taken together, seem to me to make it right or fair to allow the
action.

For the reasons we have given, this appeal must fail, and we dismissed it with
costs.

16 However, the main reason why the Court of Appeal in _The Hull 308_ was not
inclined to grant leave to commence action under s 262(3) was because the
plaintiffs were seeking leave to commence and carry on with an action in rem
which had been commenced after the commencement of winding up and after
provisional liquidators had been appointed. If leave was granted, “it would
confer upon the plaintiffs a security on an asset of the defendants which the
plaintiffs otherwise did not have and could not have” (see p 310 at E to I).

17 I was of the view that Thean J’s citation of _Exchange Securities_ was not
intended to be a general rule discouraging the exercise of the jurisdiction
and discretion under s 262(3) in favour of a plaintiff. It all depends on the
particular circumstances of each application.

18 Indeed, it was important to bear in mind the facts and arguments in
_Exchange Securities_ which led Mervyn Davies J to say what he did. In that
case, there were ten applications for leave by nine applicants. As Mervyn
Davies J observed at p 195 d:

Counsel for the respondents (Mr Heslop) explained in some detail how he saw
the liquidator proceeding if untrammelled by any investor’s action. Section
246(3) enables a liquidator to apply to the court for directions. The
provisional liquidator, said Mr Heslop, would be making use of that sub-
section to determine which trust interests, if any, subsist. There would be
respondents to the summons initiating the application. The respondents to the
summons would be representatives of the various classes of investors and a
representative of the general creditors. In that way, the liquidator’s
neutrality would be preserved. In contrast to that, in the proposed action it
was suggested that the liquidator would necessarily be in an adversarial
position.

Advantages in relying on the ordinary liquidation machinery in this way were,
he said, (a) that all proceedings would be in one court, (b) that the
liquidator could see that all competing claimants were found and (c) that the
laborious working out of a Chancery writ action would be avoided.

19 In the application before me, there was only one claimant against SIS.
There was no suggestion by SIS’ Counsel that SIS’ liquidators would be taking
a neutral position. Indeed, the liquidators were resisting RJ’s claim. More
importantly, there was no elaboration as to how the procedure in liquidation
would be quicker and less expensive, especially since the counterclaim of RJ
had already gone some way in the Suit. If I had decided not to grant leave, RJ
would have filed his proof of debt which the liquidators would have rejected
and a fresh action would have had to be filed which would have repeated all
the steps already taken vis-à-vis RJ’s counterclaim. That would have been more
time-consuming and incur more costs unnecessarily.

20 In the circumstances, I was minded to grant leave, subject to the second
issue.

21 As regards the second issue, s 262(3) of the Companies Act states:

(3) When a winding up order has been made or a provisional liquidator has been
appointed, no action or proceeding shall be proceeded with or commenced
against the company except -

(a) by leave of the Court; and

(b) in accordance with such terms as the Court imposes.

22 At first reading, the words “no action or proceeding shall be …” appear
imperative and mandatory and suggest that leave cannot be granted
retrospectively.

23 In the _Wilson_ case, Milmo J was reported to have said, “The prohibition
against issue without leave of the court imposed by section 231 of the
Companies Act 1948 was absolute and unqualified”. Section 231 of the Companies
Act 1948 was the forebear of s 130(2) of the Insolvency Act 1986.

24 In _NEMGIA_ , Rattee J said at p 234 i to 235 a:

… I should follow Milmo J’s decision unless I am satisfied that it was plainly
wrong. I am not so satisfied. It seems to me that, with great respect to Milmo
J, his decision represented the natural construction of the words of, in his
case s 231 of the Companies Act 1948, and in the present case of s 130(2) of
the Insolvency Act 1986. Each of those provisions provide in the clearest
possible terms that no action shall be commenced against a company in
liquidation without the leave of the court. That is, in my judgment, as Milmo
J held it was, a provision constituting an absolute bar upon the commencement
of an action against a company in liquidation without first obtaining the
leave of the court.

25 Before I elaborate on the decision of Lindsay J in _Re Saunders_ , I should
set out s 285(3) and s 130(2) of the Insolvency Act 1986. As I have said, the
provision applicable before Lindsay J was s 285(3) but he considered that to
be similar to s 130(2).

26 Section 285(3) of the 1986 Act states:

After the making of a bankruptcy order no person who is a creditor of the
bankrupt in respect of a debt provable in the bankruptcy shall -

(a) …, or

(b) before the discharge of the bankrupt, commence any action or other legal
proceedings against the bankrupt except with the leave of the court and on
such terms as the court may impose. This is subject to sections 346
(enforcement procedures) and 347 (limited right to distress).

27 Section 130(2) of the same Act states:

When a winding up order has been made or a provisional liquidator has been
appointed, no action or proceeding shall be proceeded with or commenced
against the company or its property, except by leave of the court and subject
to such terms as the court may impose.

28 As I have said, s 130(2) is, for present purposes, in _pari materia_ with
our s 262(3) Companies Act.

29 In _Re Saunders_ , a number of plaintiffs had commenced actions against a
solicitor Saunders, and also against another solicitor, without learning of
Saunder’s bankruptcy and then sought leave under s 285(3) of the 1986 Act to
do so. The plaintiffs’ Counsel raised five heads of argument to persuade
Lindsay J that he could and should grant leave retrospectively and, hence, not
follow the decisions of Milmo and Rattee JJ.

30 First, they referred to English cases on the forbears of s 130(2).

31 Secondly, they referred to other English cases on different Acts where
leave is apparently required before proceedings may be commenced.

32 Thirdly, they referred to difficulties or anomalies if a strict literal
construction was applied.

33 Fourthly, they cited Commonwealth cases from Australia, New Zealand, Canada
and India.

34 Fifthly, they raised arguments of injustices and inconveniences if
retrospective leave cannot be given.

35 Lindsay J noted that, apparently, none of the cases cited for the first,
second and fourth heads of argument were cited to Milmo and Rattee JJ.

36 After a comprehensive review of all the heads of argument, Lindsay J
concluded that he could and did grant retrospective leave. It is unnecessary
for me to quote extensively from the judgment of Lindsay J. Suffice it for me
to say that I found his reasoning highly persuasive. However, I had the
following additional reasons.

37 Although no local cases were cited to me with respect to the second issue,
it turned out that in _The Hull 308_ , which SIS’ Counsel had cited for the
first issue, the Court of Appeal had proceeded on the assumption that it had
jurisdiction to grant leave retrospectively although its decision was not to
grant leave at all for the reason I have stated.

38 As regards Commonwealth cases, the solicitors for SIS drew my attention,
after further research was done, to a decision by the High Court of Australia
in _Emanuele & another v Australian Securities Commission & others_ 144 ALR
359. This decision was given on 5 June 1997 after the 1996 decision of Lindsay
J and thus could not have been cited to him. The case of _Emanuele_ also
involved the question whether leave could be granted retrospectively. However,
I do not propose going into the details of the facts and legislation there as
they are different from those before me. Nevertheless, the case is still
useful as an illustration of a situation where the High Court of Australian,
albeit by a majority of three to two, took the view that leave of court could
be granted retrospectively in the face of emphatic language in provisions
which appeared to make the obtaining of prior leave mandatory. I would add
that although Gaudron J was one of the dissenting judges, he too was inclined
to the view that leave could be granted retrospectively in the context of the
legislation there, but not after a certain event had taken place i.e a winding
up order had been made (see p 375 line 42 to p 378 line 29 of the report).
Under the legislation in that case, certain parties who wanted to apply to the
court for a company to be wound up in insolvency were required to obtain leave
of court before the application for winding up was made.

39 As regards the argument of injustice and inconvenience, I was also of the
view that while a plaintiff can be expected to make a winding up search before
commencing action against a company, his search may not divulge the existence
of the winding up order if he has mis-spelt the full name of the company.

40 Moreover, even if the plaintiff has done his search and then commences
action, how often will he be expected to repeat his search in the course of
the litigation? After all, it may well be that there is no trace of a winding
up order or even a winding up petition against the defendant company at the
time just before the action is filed, but, after the action is filed, a
winding up petition is filed and a winding up order is then made.

41 As for the advertisement of a winding up petition in the Gazette and in the
press, there are times when the advertisements are placed some time after the
petition is filed due perhaps to negotiations between the debtor company and
the petitioning creditor. What happens to the steps taken by the plaintiff
between the date of the filing of the petition and the advertisements?

42 I was also mindful of the situation where a plaintiff might have been
encouraged (or misled, as Lindsay J said at p 77 at F) into commencing or
carrying on with his litigation as appeared to be the case before me. Here,
both sides knew SIS was in liquidation. The liquidators must also be more
familiar with the requirement under s 262(3). Yet no objection was raised by
the liquidators, at the material time, to RJ’s counterclaim having been
commenced without leave and, indeed, the liquidators were content for this
state of affairs to continue until they decided to withdraw SIS’ claim. I do
not say that they were under a duty to tell RJ that he was required to obtain
leave, but, assuming RJ’s claim had been pursued to a full trial with oral
evidence and submissions and that RJ then obtained judgment, could the
liquidators be heard to say that the judgment was a nullity since he had not
obtained leave and the court had no jurisdiction to grant leave
retrospectively? In the absence of clear words in the legislation requiring
such a conclusion, I was of the view that such a conclusion could not be
right.

43 As regards an argument that to allow a plaintiff retrospective leave might
deprive liquidators, and hence other unsecured creditors, of limitation
defences, the counter-argument was that to deny the jurisdiction to grant
retrospective leave would be to leave the plaintiff, who had otherwise
commenced his action in time, without a remedy. Indeed it was precisely the
limitation defences that were of concern to Lindsay J (see p 65 at E and p 75
at G).

44 In any event, the question about limitation defences brought to the
forefront the purpose of s 262(3).

45 In _Re Saunders_ , Lindsay J said, at p 78H to 79C:

In _Carr v. British International Helicopters Ltd._ [1994] I.C.R. 18, Lord
Coulsfield gave the judgment in the Edinburgh Employment Appeal Tribunal which
is, of course, a United Kingdom court. _Wilson’s_ case had been cited but not
Rattee J’s case. A plaintiff there wished to complain to an industrial
tribunal that he had been unfairly selected for redundancy by the
administrators. The leave that he should have obtained before commencing his
proceedings was thus under section 11(3)(d) of the Insolvency Act 1986 but the
language there used is much the same as in sections 103(2) and 285(3). The
argument for nullity was correspondingly similar. In a passage the reasoning
of which applies as much to bankruptcy as it did to section 11(3)(d), Lord
Coulsfield said, at p.30:

“In our view, the purposes of the insolvency legislation can quite well be
served without requiring that a summons served, or an application made,
without prior consent should be considered to be a nullity or incompetent. The
purpose of the legislation is, in general terms, to prevent the liquidator’s
or administrator’s task being made more difficult by a scramble among
creditors to raise actions, obtain decrees or attach assets. We cannot,
however, see that there is any reason why it should be necessary for the
provision of such protection to treat any proceedings which may, for one
reason or another, be commenced without consent as null and, therefore,
incapable of proceeding further.”

46 In _NEMGIA_ , Rattee J said, at p 235:

As Milmo J in _Wilson v Banner Scaffolding Ltd_ (1982) Times, 22 June also
pointed out, that provision was intended by the legislature to protect the
interests of the creditors of a company in liquidation by preventing the
company being subjected to actions once it has gone into liquidation without
the court first considering whether such an action ought to be allowed.

47 While I accepted that s 262(3) was intended to protect the interests of the
creditors of a company in liquidation, I did not, with respect, accept that
that would necessarily mean that there should be no jurisdiction to grant
leave retrospectively.

48 In my view, the purpose of s 262(3) is, as Lord Coulsfield alluded to in
_Carr_ , to prevent the liquidators from being distracted and the assets of
the company in liquidation being expended to respond to unnecessary actions.
After all, if a writ with a full statement of claim is filed and served, the
plaintiff will have to claim his costs of the same. In addition, liquidators’
own costs in having to consider the same, and perhaps, consulting solicitors
especially in the context of a dead-line regarding entry of appearance and
filing of a defence may also escalate.

49 Consequently, I did not think that the purpose of s 262(3) was to allow
liquidators, and hence other unsecured creditors, an unexpected windfall which
would arise if the court does not have jurisdiction to grant retrospective
leave and a plaintiff cannot file a fresh action because of limitation
defences.

50 I end by saying that I was aware that a decision that the court has such a
jurisdiction might tempt potential plaintiffs and their solicitors to be lax
about making winding up searches and seeking the court’s leave promptly. I
would only say that if such be their attitude, then they act at their own
risk. As is obvious, the existence of the jurisdiction does not necessarily
mean that the jurisdiction will be exercised in favour of all applicants. It
is still for applicants to persuade the court why such leave should be
granted, especially if retrospectively. The mere fact that time and costs have
already been incurred will not necessarily be sufficient always to persuade
the court to grant leave retrospectively.

_Plaintiff’s application allowed._

  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 May 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

