Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Sie Choon Poh trading as Image Galaxy v Amara Hotel Properties Pte Ltd  
[2003] SGHC 198

Case Number | : | Suit 914/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 September 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Navinder Singh (Navin & Co) for the plaintiff; Adeline Chong and Rajendran Kumarasan (Harry Elias & Partnership) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  Sie Choon Poh trading as Image Galaxy — Amara Hotel Properties Pte Ltd   
  
Landlord and Tenant – Covenants – Repair – Whether landlord exempted from
breach of covenant to repair  
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Failure of defendants to plead negligence and
give particulars of negligence – Non-joinder of issue – Whether defendants
precluded from relying on contractual defence of negligence  
  

1 The plaintiff, trading as Image Galaxy, was at the material time a tenant of
the defendants’ shopping centre located at Amara Hotel under a lease agreement
dated 28 July 1999. The shop unit was known as #03-11 (“the premises”). The
plaintiff operated a printing shop business at the premises. The floor on top
of the premises housed a large food court. The piping of the food court which
disposed of the waste water ran above the false ceilings of the third floor
units, including the false ceiling of the premises.

2 Under the lease agreement, the defendants as the landlord undertook, inter
alia, to maintain all common areas in good repair and to give the plaintiff
quiet enjoyment of the premises. The relevant covenants of the defendants were
as follows:

“9. LESSORS’ COVENANTS

9.1 …..

9.2 Quiet Enjoyment

To permit the lessee duly paying the rent and any other sums payable hereunder
and observing and performing its several covenants and stipulations herein
contained to have quiet enjoyment and exclusive possession of the demised
premises during the said term without any interruption by the Lessors or
anyone claiming under or through or in trust for the Lessors save as
specifically herein provided.

9.3 Management & Operation of the Complex

The Lessors shall conduct manage and operate the Complex during the term of
this Lease and will pay the maintenance and service charge of the Complex not
otherwise stated herein as being payable by or being the responsibility of any
lessees or other occupant of any part of the Complex.

9.4 Maintenance of the Complex

The Lessors shall maintain and keep in repair the Common Area during the term
of the Lease inclusive of the exterior walls (other than shop fronts) and all
parking spaces roads pavements water drainage lighting and other common
facilities and services Provided Always that the manner in which such areas
and facilities shall be maintained and the expenditure thereon shall be at the
absolute discretion of the Lessors.”

3 It is also relevant to note that there was an exemption of liability clause
in the lease agreement. Clause 8.1 of the lease agreement read as follows:-

“Negligence

The Lessees agree to occupy use and keep the demised premises at the risk of
the Lessees and hereby release the Lessors and their contractors and invitees
in the absence of any gross negligence on the part of the Lessors their
servants or agents from all claims and demands of every kind in respect of or
resulting from any accident damage or injury occurring in the Complex or the
demised premises and the Lessees expressly agree that in the absence of any
such negligence as aforesaid the Lessors shall have no responsibility or
liability for any loss damage or injury suffered by the Lessees (whether to or
in respect of the Lessee’s person property or business conducted by the
Lessees) as a result of any breakage leakage accident or event in the Complex
or the demised premises.”

4 At about 5.00pm on 19 April 2001, waste waters entered into the premises
from the false ceiling. The waste waters, being effluents from the outlets in
the food court situated one floor above the premises, leaked from the
perforated T-junction of the pipe. As a result, the equipment, carpet and
other assets of the plaintiffs were soiled and damaged.

5 The plaintiff appointed Mr Steven Ong to investigate the cause of the
incident. Mr Ong found that the subject pipe and the T-junction was in a state
of disrepair due to lack of maintenance. It was found to be in a severely
corroded state, as shown by the photographs.

6 The plaintiff re-delivered possession of the premises to the defendants. In
July 2001 the plaintiff returned the keys of the premises to the defendants
and I was told that there was a pending action in the Subordinate Courts in
which the defendants are seeking from the plaintiff (a) arrears of rent; and
(b) damages for early termination of the lease. The Writ of Summons was filed
in Subordinate Courts on 23 May 2002 and it preceded this action in the High
Court.

7 I now turn to the pleadings, which have to be considered more fully because
the outcome of this case hinged on the failure of the defendants to aver
specifically and in terms that the bursting of the pipe and T-junction was due
to their (the defendants’) negligence.

8 After reciting the undisputed facts, the plaintiff by paragraph 10 of his
statement of claim averred that “in breach of the covenants contained in the
lease (i.e. the covenants to maintain and keep in repair and to give quiet
enjoyment) the defendants had failed to keep the waste water pipes in the
Common Area of the premises in good and proper condition or in a state of
proper repair,…”

9 In response, by para 7 of the Defence the defendants averred as follows:

“With respect to paragraph 10 of the Statement of Claim, the Defendants aver
that the leakage incident on 19 April 2001 was not the result of the
Defendants’ default. The Defendants aver that the leak was caused whilst the
defendants independent contractors (Dyna-Jet Pte Ltd) were clearing a blockage
in the waste pipeline located in the ceiling of the unit #03-K2. The
Defendants deny any breach of covenants of the Lease Agreement. The waste
pipeline system was designed, constructed, installed and supplied by Chan Weng
Wah Engineering Pte Ltd, whom the Defendants relied upon for their skill and
expertise. The Defendants had also relied on the skill and expertise of
independent contractors Dyna-Jet Pte Ltd to regularly service and maintain the
waste pipeline system. After the incident, the Defendants had deployed
cleaners to the Plaintiff’s Unit to carry out the cleaning and repairs works
and to replaced the damaged ceiling boards, so that the Plaintiff could resume
his business."

10 Two paragraphs later in the Defence, the Defendants purported to invoke the
exemption clause recited earlier. By paragraph 9, the Defendants averred as
follows:

“Further or in the alternative, the Defendants aver that by Clause 8.1 of the
Lease Agreement, the Plaintiff agreed to occupy use and keep the Unit at his
own risk and expressly agreed that in the absence of gross negligence, the
Defendants shall have no responsibility or liability for any loss or damage
suffered by the Plaintiff.”

11 It should therefore be noted that on the pleadings it had always been the
defence that the Defendants denied any breach of the covenant to repair: see
para 7 of the Defence.

12 It should further be noted that throughout the Defendants’ case, there was
no pleading of any sort that they accepted (in the alternative) that they were
negligent but not grossly negligent, so that they could invoke the exemption
under clause 8.1. Admittedly, by paragraph 9 the defendants had invoked the
exemption clause but the defendants did not particularise as to how clause 8.1
would avail them. They did not put in issue as to whether they were asserting
that they were only negligent, setting out the particulars relied on, which
would also have explained why they were accordingly not grossly negligent.

13 In consequence, on the state and confined ambit of the pleadings, there was
no admission of negligence on the part of the Defendants. There were therefore
no particulars of the negligence. In those circumstances, the plaintiff did
not counter by averring, possibly in a Reply, that the defendants were in all
the circumstances “grossly negligent”. The concept of ‘gross negligence’
denotes a high degree of careless conduct such as where a defendant did not
intend a particular consequence to happen but nevertheless must have been able
to foresee its occurrence: see Charlesworth & Percy on Negligence, para 1-11.

14 These observations on the pleadings did not relate merely to pleading
points. In practice, what had happened in this case was that the issue whether
the defendants were negligent was not joined. Consequently, the defendants did
not plead in Reply that the defendants were ‘grossly negligent’ and was
accordingly precluded from relying on the exemption clause. The relevant
evidence was not called to investigate the proximately accurate circumstances
under which the T-junction and the pipe could have been left un-examined and
neglected to such a degree of corrosion.

15 It was only on the first day of the trial that the defendants admitted
before me that they were in breach of the covenant to maintain and repair.

16 I refer to _Marina Centre Holdings Pte Ltd v Pars Carpet Gallery Pte Ltd_
[1997] 3 SLR 625. I should at once point out that in that case the Court of
Appeal found the defendants in breach of the covenant to repair as well as
negligent which was pleaded, proved and found by both the trial and appellate
courts concurrently. As a matter of construction, the Court of Appeal went on
to decide, quite separately and as a matter of construction, that clause
36.1(b) was “apt to cover only a breach of such covenants [to repair]
involving negligence.” But in the same para 39 of the judgment, LP Thean JA,
as he then was, for the Court of Appeal stated that “a breach of either of
these covenants [i.e. for quiet enjoyment and the covenant to repair] **_“may
or may not involve negligence, depending on the circumstances”._** This
statement is unassailable, if I may say so, because a breach of the covenant
to repair may be deliberate, accidental, negligent or grossly negligent. The
circumstances are vast and varied.

17 In my view, it was incumbent on the defendants, as a matter of proof and
pleading, to assert and prove that the leakage was due to their negligence.
They should have set out the particulars. Then they would have brought
themselves within the exemption clause. If they had done that, it would have
been up to the plaintiff to assert whether the defendants were grossly
negligent to preclude the defendants from relying on the exemption clause, the
burden of proof having shifted to the plaintiff to assert and prove a
proposition on which they place reliance.

18 It was only on the first day of the trial that the defendants admitted that
they were in breach of the covenant to repair. But they did not aver whether
their breach involved negligence or not and, if so, the particulars of
negligence relied upon. They simply assumed that their breach had necessarily
involved negligence and not gross negligence.

19 In those circumstances, I entered interlocutory judgment in favour of the
plaintiff for damages arising out of the defendants’ breach of the covenant to
repair. I indicated that the defendants were not entitled to rely on the
exemption in clause 8.1. I ordered that damages be assessed by the Registrar.
I also ordered the defendants to pay the costs of these proceedings. I finally
indicated that I had not decided on the issue whether the defendants had
breached the covenant to give quiet enjoyment as it was not pleaded that the
damage(s) to the sensitive machinery was irreparable and irreplaceable,
thereby resulting in the cessation of the business and the lawful termination
of the lease.

Plaintiffs’ claim is allowed with costs  
  

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Sep 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

