Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Vadivel Ramesh and Another v Aegis Equipment Pte Ltd and Another  
[2003] SGHC 3

Case Number | : | DC Suit 2264/2000; RAS 43/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 January 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Perumal Athitham (Yeo Perumal Mohideen & Partners) for the Plaintiff/Appellant; P.E. Ashokan (Khattar Wong & Partners) for the Second Defendant/Respondent   
Parties | : |  Vadivel Ramesh; Andiappan Muthiah — Aegis Equipment Pte Ltd; Seletar Engineering Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Whether leave to appeal to the Court of Appeal
should be granted.  
  

1 This matter came before me on appeal from a District Judge’s decision. The
District Judge had affirmed an order of a Deputy Registrar striking out the
plaintiff’s claim against the second defendant. After I dismissed the appeal,
the plaintiff could not appeal further to the Court of Appeal without leave
from the High Court or the Court of Appeal. After I declined to give leave, an
application has been made to the Court of Appeal for that purpose.

2 This is a tale of an industrial accident injury claim under the common law
that cannot get going. The claim was filed in the District Courts as DC Suit
No. 2264/2000V ("the action").

3 The facts are not complicated –

(i) 1.10.1999 – the plaintiff was injured by something called a cherry picker
whilst he was working for the second defendant. The cherry picker was supplied
by the first defendant.

(ii) 30.11.1999 – the plaintiff filed a claim for compensation under the
Workmen’s Compensation Act.

(iii) 15.09.2000 – the plaintiff commenced the action against the first
defendant.

(iv) 14.10.2000 – the plaintiff’s solicitors informed the Commissioner of
Labour ("the Commissioner") of the common law action and undertook to inform
him of the outcome.

(v) 23.01.2001 – the plaintiff joined the second defendant in the action.

(vi) 8.03.2001 – the Commissioner wrote to the plaintiff’s solicitors stating

We refer to your letter of 14.10.2000.

2\. Since your client wishes to claim damages under Common Law in respect of
the above accident, please note that this office will take no further action
on this matter.

3\. Please let us know the terms of settlement under the Common Law and a copy
of the Court judgment, if any, in due course.

(vii) 3.08.2002 – the Commissioner informed the solicitors for the first
defendant that

The injured worker, Vadivel Ramesh had applied for Workmen’s Compensation
claim on 30/11/1999. His solicitors, M/s Yeo Perumal Mohideen and Partners has
subsequently informed us that his client has commenced proceedings under
Common Law, as such we take no further action on this matter.

We confirm that the Workmen Compensation is still pending and held in abeyance
pending the outcome of the Common Law action.

(viii) 3.09.2002 – the Commissioner informed the solicitors for the plaintiff
that after the decision of _Chua Ah Beng v Commissioner of Labour_ [2002] 4
SLR 854 claims are not held in abeyance pending the outcome of common law
actions, and the claimant is required to withdraw or discontinue his claim
under the Workmen’s Compensation Act.

4 The application to strike out the claim against the second defendant was
made on 5 August 2002, before the decision in _Chua Ah Beng’s_ case was
delivered on 30 August 2002 and before the Commissioner’s letter of 3
September 2002.

5 The application was made in reliance on an unreported case of _Rahenah binte
L Mande v Baxter Healthcare Pte Ltd_ in which Judith Prakash J made her
decision on 20 September 2001 and delivered the grounds of decision on 21
August 2002.

6 An issue before the judge was whether under s 33(2)(a) of the Workmen’s
Compensation Act, a claim for compensation was a bar to the commencement of a
common law action.

7 Sections 33(1) and (2) read

**Limitation of workman’s right of action**.

(1) Nothing in this Act shall be deemed to confer any right to compensation on
a workman in respect of any injury if he has instituted an action for damages
in respect of that injury in any court against his employer or if he has
recovered damages in respect of that injury in any court from his employer.

(2) No action for damages shall be maintainable in any court by a workman
against his employer in respect of any injury –

(a) if he has applied to the Commissioner for compensation under the
provisions of this Act; or

(b) if he has recovered damages in respect of the injury in any court from any
other person.

8 Prakash J referred to the Court of Appeal decision in _Ying Tai Plastic &
Metal Manufacturing (S) Pte Ltd v Zahrin bin Rabu_ [1982-1983] SLR 117 where
the question was addressed. F A Chua J delivering the judgment of the Court
held at p 121

Under s 33(1)(a) the worker is debarred from bringing a common law action for
damages so long as there is an application by the workman before the
Commissioner for compensation. But this debarrment in no way affects the cause
of action already vested in him. The Act does not prohibit the withdrawal of
the application for compensation. As soon as the application for compensation
is withdrawn, the right to maintain an action revives and the workman can then
proceed with his action for damages in the court. The workman’s right to
compensation under the Act lies dormant while he pursues his common law action
but should he lose the action he may choose to ask the court, under s 33(2),
to assess compensation under the Act.

and she held at para 16 that

That passage makes it plain that by choosing to make an application to the
Commissioner for compensation, an injured employee deprives himself of the
ability to exercise his right to sue his employer at common law for the period
that the application remains alive. If he changes his mind about his course of
action, the employee is at liberty to withdraw his claim for compensation and
then start a civil suit. Until such withdrawal he cannot start the civil suit.
The construction which Chua J gave to s 33(2)(a) was based on the dual purpose
of the legislation. First, it gave the worker an absolute right to obtain
compensation without having to prove negligence on the part of his employer.
At the same time, however, it protected the employer against the expense of
fighting on two fronts by providing that the claim for compensation and the
common law suit could not be resorted to simultaneously.

9 She continued at para 18 that the withdrawal must be expressly notified to
the Commissioner and that it was not enough that the claimant formed the
intention not to proceed with the claim.

10 It has also been made clear that a claim is not considered withdrawn when
the claimant allows it to be dormant. Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was) held
in _Chua Ah Beng v Commissioner for Labour_ [2002] 4 SLR 854 at para 38 that

As long as an application exists before the Commissioner for Labour, whether
it is active or dormant, the plaintiff cannot maintain his action in court. In
the _Ying Tai Plastic_ case, the Court of Appeal said the ‘right to
compensation under the Act lies dormant while he pursues his common law
action’. It is the ‘right to compensation’ and not ‘the claim filed’ that lies
dormant. The Court of Appeal also made it clear that the right to maintain a
court action revives only when the application under the WCA is withdrawn.

11 In the light of the decisions in _Ying Tai Plastic_ , _Chua Ah Beng_ and
_Rahenah_ , all of which I humbly agree with, the plaintiff, having made his
claim for compensation, cannot maintain his action under the common law
without first withdrawing the compensation claim.

12 Even if he or his solicitors were not aware of the decisions, they were
advised of the correct position by the Commissioner’s letter of 3 September
2002. At that time steps could have been taken to withdraw the claim for
compensation and to file a fresh common law action, but the plaintiff did not
withdraw his claim and elected simply to continue with the action. Now he is
in a less satisfactory position as the common law action may be time-barred.
He may be left with only the compensation claim to look to, but that is the
result of his own inaction.

13 I do not see why the clearly established position should be changed to
allow the plaintiff to continue with his action. It appears to me that a
further appeal to have the question argued for the fourth time is unlikely to
bring about a different outcome.

14 I also refused to give leave to appeal because there is no issue of public
interest involved. The law is clear and certain. The appellant found himself
in difficulty only because he refused to withdraw his claim. This is not a
problem that other injured workmen need to encounter. Further expenditure of
time and costs that a further appeal will entail is not justified.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jan 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

