Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## G v R (No 2)  
[2003] SGHC 297

Case Number | : | Div P 807/2000, RAS 720056/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 November 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Kew Chai J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Raymond Yeo (Koh Ong and Partners) for appellant/petitioner; K S Rajah SC and A Rajandran (A Rajandran Joseph and Nayar) for respondent   
Parties | : |  G — R   
  
**Introduction**

1 On 16 June 2003 the district judge of the Family Court ordered that the
matrimonial property shall be sold in the open market and the net proceeds of
sale after discharge of the POSB mortgage loan and expenses of sale shall be
divided in the proportion of 40% to the petitioner and 60% to the respondent.
Each party was ordered to reimburse their respective CPF accounts of moneys
utilised for the purchase of the matrimonial property and accrued interest and
each party shall pay their respective share being $75,000.00 each of the loan
given by F. In relation to the petitioner’s claim for maintenance, it was
further ordered that the respondent shall pay the petitioner the sum of
$3,600.00 in full settlement of her claims for maintenance. In effect, the
district judge was awarding a nominal sum of $100.00 per month for three years
as lump sum maintenance. It was also ordered that the respondent shall
continue to bear the maintenance the child of the marriage.

2 The petitioner appealed to the High Court against the decisions of the
district judge. She asked that her share in the matrimonial property be
increased to 50%, or alternatively, to 45% of the net proceeds of sale, as
earlier defined. In relation to the maintenance, she asked the respondent be
ordered to pay her monthly maintenance in the sum that was fair and just. In
submissions, she argued that the lump sum maintenance should be $800.00 per
month for 3 years, i.e. the sum of $28,800.00.

3 At the conclusion of the hearing, I agreed with the decisions of the
district judge and I dismissed the appeal with costs. The petitioner has
appealed to the Court of Appeal. I set out the circumstances and reasons for
my decisions.

**Background Facts**

4 The parties were married on 17 March 1995. They have a 7 year old son. On 6
November 2001, decree nisi dissolving the marriage was granted. The ancillary
issues were adjourned into chambers.

5 The custody, care and control of the son were hotly contested. There were 8
previous proceedings, all of which were decided in the respondent’s favour.
The upshot was that the respondent was granted custody, care and control of
the son.

**Division of Matrimonial property**

6 The evidence adduced demonstrated the following facts. On 7 January 1998, a
cheque for $55,000.00 was handed by the respondent to the petitioner for the
acquisition of the home for the couple. Eventually, they bought the
matrimonial property under an option in January 1998. In February, 1998 the
petitioner’s father, F, lent the couple an unsecured loan of $150,000.00. The
money was deposited into the bank account of the respondent. Both parties
accepted equal liability to repay their share of the loan of $75,000.00 each.
The respondent in February 1998 did transfer the sum of $91,500.00 into the
appellant’s bank account. On the same day, the balance of the father’s loan
was used to purchase the property. A cheque was drawn on the respondent’s bank
account for $58,500.00 in favour of the vendor’s solicitors and it was duly
cleared.

7 On the evidence, there was an intermingling of funds consisting of the
respondent’s $55,000.00 and part of the father’s loan of $91,500.00, which
were both paid into the petitioner’s bank account, in the total sum of
$146,500.00. Two sums were withdrawn from the intermingled funds: first, the
sum of $90,921.52 was withdrawn from the petitioner’s account to pay for a
cashier’s order in the same sum to pay for the purchase of the matrimonial
property. Subsequently, the remaining balance of $55,578.48 in the
petitioner’s account was used to pay for the renovations, furniture and
fittings. In the light of the evidence, the district judge held, quite
rightly, that the sum of $55,000.00 paid by the respondent should be and was
attributed to the respondent when calculating direct financial contributions.

8 The couple moved into the matrimonial property in August, 1998 but by March
2000 it was left vacant. The petitioner resided with her parents. The
respondent and the son resided with his parents.

9 The district judge on the evidence found that the petitioner had made direct
contribution of 34% whereas the respondent’s direct contribution was 66%. She
paid out $61,920.00 out of her CPF account for the progress payments of the
matrimonial payment. She assumed liability for half of her father’s loan to
the couple. The respondent paid from his CPF $34,000.00, $104,429.00 towards
mortgage payments out of his GIRO account, cash of $55,000.00 as mentioned
earlier, and taking responsibility for half of the former father-in-law’s
loan.

10 The district judge increased the petitioner’s contributions to 40%, taking
into account the matters enumerated in section 112(2) of the Women’s Charter.
In my judgment, that was a just and equitable division of the matrimonial
assets. The district judge took into consideration all the relevant
circumstances. In the final analysis, she took into account both the financial
and non-financial contributions and adopted a broad brush approach to the
tasks before her as outlined in _Lim Choon Lai v Chew Kim Heng_ [2001] 3 SLR
225. She noted it was a short marriage of 6 years; parties had lived together
for about 5 years. The district judge accepted that the petitioner was a
caregiver of the son and that she had contributed towards the household
expenses. On the other hand, the district judge also took into account the
fact that the respondent would be maintaining the son without any financial
contribution from the petitioner.

11 The petitioner attempted to invoke section 54 of the Women’s Charter,
contending that the $55,000 should be construed as “money derived from any
allowance made by the husband for the expenses of the matrimonial property or
for similar purposes, or to any property acquired out of that money”. This
submission was entirely without merit. The sum of $55,000.00 was not an
“allowance” at all. Its size, and the purpose for which it was paid by the
respondent to the petitioner, contradicted any assertion that it was an
‘allowance’. It should be noted that the petitioner’s credibility was severely
dented so far as the purpose of the sum of $55,000.00 was concerned. First,
she claimed that the respondent had paid the sum to her in repayment of a
loan. Later, she claimed it was a gift. Those three claims that it was
repayment of a loan, that it was a gift and that it was an “allowance” within
the meaning of section 54 were quite properly rejected by the district judge.

**Maintenance**

12 In relation to the lump sum payment of maintenance, it was a fact that
throughout the short marriage, the petitioner had been working and had means
of her own. She did not depend on the respondent for financial assistance. I
agreed with the district judge that this was eminently a suitable case for a
clean break. The award was reasonable. The petitioner had not disclosed her
expenses and financial needs. She did not seek to justify any claim for
maintenance. The inference must be that she did not need any maintenance. As a
senior manager, the petitioner’s income was $2,650.00 per month.

13 The petitioner had failed to show that the district judge was “plainly
wrong” in her decisions on the division of matrimonial property and in the
award of the lump sum maintenance. Accordingly, I dismissed the appeal with
costs fixed at $3,000.00.

Appeal dismissed with costs

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Nov 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

