Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Velstra Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Dexia Bank Belgium  
[2003] SGHC 253

Case Number | : | OS 1181/2002, RA 335/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vinodh Coomaraswamy and David Chan (Shook Lin & Bok) for the plaintiff; Tan Chuan Thye and Ivan Chia (Allen & Gledhill) for the defendant   
Parties | : |  Velstra Pte Ltd (in liquidation) — Dexia Bank Belgium   
  
Civil Procedure – Stay of proceedings – Plaintiffs bringing action to void
transaction entered into with defendants – Defendants facing criminal
proceedings involving same transaction in foreign forum – Defendants seeking
stay of civil proceedings in Singapore – Whether defendants have shown real
danger of prejudice to justify granting stay  
  

**_ Introductory _ **

1 This is an appeal by the defendant against an order by the learned Assistant
Registrar made on 22 September 2003, refusing the defendant’s application for
a stay of proceedings of the action herein pending the final determination of
criminal proceedings against the defendants in Belgium. The appeal was
dismissed with costs. My reasons for dismissing the appeal follow.

**_Background facts_**

2 The plaintiff is a company incorporated in Singapore. The defendant is a
bank incorporated in Belgium.

3 By an order of court dated 12 April 2002, the plainitff was ordered to be
placed in compulsory liquidation.

4 The present action is at the instance of the liquidators of the plaintiff
against the defendant for a declaration that a transaction pursuant to which
the plaintiff was caused to pay to the defendant a sum of US$20.92 million on
or about 4 January 2000 constitutes a transaction at an under value within the
meaning of s 98 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20) read with s 329 of the
Companies Act (Cap 50) and that the said transaction be declared null and void
and of no effect. The other reliefs prayed for by the plaintiff are ancillary
and incidental to the main declaration.

5 In this connection, the facts pleaded by the plaintiff in relation to its
claim, as appear in paras 7 to 20 of the plaintiff’s amended statement of
claim, are as follows:

7\. At all material times, the Plaintiff maintained a bank account with the
Shenton Way branch of the Development Bank of Singapore Ltd (“DBS”).

8\. At all material times, one Tony Snauwaert was a director of the Plaintiff.

9\. On or about 30 December 1999, the Defendant debited the sum of
US$31,000,00 from account number 550-9758000-84 (“the Internal Account”),
being an account internal to the Defendant of which the Defendant is the legal
and beneficial owner. On the same day, the Defendant credited account number
553-2056900-42 (“the Account”) with the sum of US$21,000,000 – which credit
was funded from the said debit of US$31,000,000.

10\. By so doing, the Defendant discharged a debit balance on the Account
using the Defendant’s own funds.

11\. On or about 5 January 2000 (“the Relevant Date”), the said Tony Snauwaert
caused the Plaintiff to instruct DBS to pay the sum of US$20,920,000 (“the
Payment”) from the Plaintiff’s account with DBS to the Defendant.

12\. The said Tony Snauwaert in the relevant remittance instructions signed by
him in respect of the said payment of US$20,920,000 named the Defendant as the
beneficiary of the Payment and gave the Account as the account to be credited.

13\. The remittance advice sent to the Plaintiff by DBS and the SWIFT
instructions sent by DBS to the Defendant also indicated the beneficiary of
the remittance to be the Defendant.

14\. On or about 5 January 2000, the sum of US$20,919,991 (being the
US$20,920,000 comprised in the Payment less bank and other charges) was
credited to the Defendant’s account with the Chase Manhattan Bank in New York.
On or about the same day, and funded by the Plaintiff’s remittance, the
Defendant credited the sum of US$21,000,000 to the Internal Account, such sum
being comprised in a larger credit of US$31,000,00.

15\. On or about 13 January 2000, the Defendant made an adjustment to the
Account to reflect the difference between US$21,000,000 (the amount credited
to the Account as pleaded in paragraph 9 above) and US$20,919,991 (the amount
received in the Defendant’s account with Chase Manhattan Bank referred to in
paragraph 14 above).

16\. By reason of the matters aforesaid, the Defendant was the factual and/or
the legal beneficiary of the US$20,920,000 comprised in the Payment.

17\. By reason of the matters aforesaid, the Plaintiff by being caused to make
the Payment entered into a transaction with the Defendant within the meaning
of section 98 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap. 20, 2000 Ed) read with the
definition of “transaction” and “entering into a transaction” set out in
section 2(1) thereof.

18\. By reason of the matters aforesaid, the Defendant was a party to the said
transaction.

19\. The Plaintiff received no or no valuable consideration from the Defendant
or from any other person in exchange for the Payment.

20\. By reason of the matters aforesaid and by reason of the Payment, the
Plaintiff was caused to make a gift to the Defendant or otherwise to enter
into a transaction with the Defendant on terms that provided for the Plaintiff
to receive no consideration within the meaning of section 98(3) (a) of the
Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20, 2000 Ed).

6 In essence, the defendant’s defence is that it received the said US$20.92
million in the ordinary course of its banking business and credited the sum to
the account of its customers in good faith. It further purports to contend
(paras 19 to 21 of the defence) that the said transaction does not fall within
the purview of the Bankruptcy Act. The defendant’s averment at para 9 of its
defence, in relation to the plaintiff’s allegation in para 9 of the statement
of claim is that it will contend that the account number 553-2056900-42 (“the
Account”) is an account maintained by its customers, Messrs Jo Lernout, Pol
Hauspie and Nico Wilaert (“the Customer”) with the defendant and that the
Customer was on or about 30 December 1999 indebted to the defendant in an
amount of US$20,869,748.

7 The Reply by the plaintiff was filed on 3 March 2003 and the hearing of this
action has been scheduled to commence on 13 October 2003 and to end on 23
October 2003.

8 As it happened, the defendant was indicted in Belgium on 23 June 2003 for
some criminal offences under the laws of Belgium. Admittedly, the said
indictment straddled transactions which are under dispute between the
plaintiff and defendant in Singapore. The defendant’s counsel cannot, however,
indicate to the court as to when the court proceedings will commence in
Belgium.

9 In the meantime, solicitors for the plaintiff and the defendant started
their discovery process in relation to the present action. In this regard, a
letter dated 15 July 2003 from the plaintiff’s solicitors addressed to the
defendant’s solicitors contained the following request:

Please let us know:

a. Whether your client has in its possession, custody or power or has at any
time had in its possession, custody or power a report prepared in or about
June 2003 by the Belgian criminal authorities explaining to your client the
reasons it has been officially placed under suspicion in connection with its
role in the collapse of Lernout & Hauspie Speech Products NV;

b. Whether your client has in its possession, custody or power or has at any
time had in its possession, custody or power any minutes or other memoranda
recording or memoriallzing interviews by the Belgian criminal authorities of
your client’s past or present employees or officers in connection with their
role in the collapse of Lernout & Hauspie Speech Products NV;

c. Whether your client has in its possession, custody or power or has at any
time had in its possession, custody or power in any form, physical or
electronic, any electronic mail messages, facsimiles or other communications
originating from or addressed to your client’s current or former employees
regarding the establishment and financing of Language Development Companies
including but not limited to our client, Vlestra Pte Ltd; and

d. Whether your client has made any requests of the Belgian criminal
authorities for the release of documents seized from your client in the course
of the criminal investigation into your client’s role in the collapse of
Lernout & Hauspie Speech Products NV, whether such request relates to
documents relevant to the proceedings in Singapore or otherwise.

10 In their reply dated 20 August 2003, the defendant’s solicitors said:

With respect to the issues enumerated as sub-paragraphs (a) to (d) in your
letter dated 15 July 2003, our client is of the view that the documents
described in sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) are irrelevant to the issues raised in
this action.

As for sub-paragraph (c), our client is satisfied that it has disclosed all
relevant documents within its possession, custody and power.

As for sub-paragraph (d), our client has, in the course of investigation by
the relevant authorities in Belgium, requested the Belgian authorities to
release various documents seized from the Bank. The authorities have released
some documents relating to facilities extended by the Bank to various
companies in the Language Development group of companies. Our client remains
of the view that these documents are irrelevant to the issues in the present
proceedings.

11 On 22 August 2003, the plaintiff’s solicitors wrote to the defendant’s
solicitors, stating, amongst other things, as follows:

In the meantime, could you please confirm that your client will call each of
the following persons as witnesses at the trial of this action:

a. STEVERLYNCK, Phillippe

b. FERRAND, Bart

c. CORDONNIER, Piet

d. RABAEY, Peter

e. JANSSENS, Jacques

f. MINJOUW

g. DIERCKX

It is our view that the evidence of all the aforesaid persons is relevant to
the matters in question in this action.

We hereby put you on notice that if your client does not call each of the
above persons as witnesses at the trial of this action, we shall adduce and
rely upon as evidence against your client secondary evidence of certain
statements made by those persons to the Belgian investigating authorities.

This is, of course, without prejudice to identify other witnesses whose
evidence is relevant as further information comes to light.

**_The stay application_**

12 The application for stay of proceedings was taken out by the defendant on
16 September 2003 and was heard by the Assistant Registrar on 22 August 2003.
It would appear from the notes of proceedings before the Assistant Registrar
that the stay application was founded on two grounds: (a) the concurrent
criminal proceedings in Belgium against the defendant would render the hearing
in Singapore unsatisfactory; (b) the trial in Singapore at present would
affect the defendant’s rights to silence and self-incrimination in the Belgian
proceedings. In the event, the Assistant Registrar was not impressed with the
arguments advanced on behalf of the defendant and consequently dismissed the
application.

**_The appeal_**

13 When the appeal was in train before me, defendant’s counsel was asked to
explain as to why the application for a stay was taken rather late ie, on 16
September 2003, when the parties were in fact notified of the hearing dates as
early as April 2003 and the Belgian authorities indicted the defendant in June
2003. The reply from defendant’s counsel was that the present stay application
came about mainly as a result of an indication in the plaintiff’s counsel
letter dated 22 August 2003 (_supra_) where it was stated that the plaintiff
proposed to adduce secondary evidence at the trial, of certain statements made
by the persons mentioned in the said letter.

14 The concerns expressed by defendant’s counsel were, in the event, put to
rest when plaintiff’s counsel came up with an undertaking to the court that
the plaintiff would not seek to admit the evidence of a Belgian lawyer who
inspected the files of the criminal proceedings in Belgium; nor would the
plaintiff seek to admit any secondary evidence of any documents seen or
inspected from the Belgian authorities.

15 Since the concerns and fears of the defendant had been fully addressed in
the undertaking conveyed to the court by plaintiff’s counsel, I upheld the
decision of the Assistant Registrar, dismissed the defendant’s appeal and
awarded costs to the successful plaintiff in the sum of $2,000.

**_Further arguments_**

16 The matter did not seem to have rested there. On 4 October 2003,
defendant’s counsel wrote to the court requesting that the plaintiff be
permitted to present further arguments. In that letter the defendant’s
solicitors said:

The grounds for our request are set out below.

His Honour will recall that the Defendant’s application for stay of
proceedings was dismissed upon the Plaintiff’s solicitors undertaking that the
Plaintiff will not seek to adduce any secondary evidence as to the contents of
any documents which any person may have inspected in the files of the
investigating judge in the Belgian investigations.

Subsequent to the hearing, we received a letter dated 1.10.03 from M/s Shook
Lin & Bok (a copy of which is attached) reserving their client’s right to
adduce direct or primary evidence given by our client’s employees and ex-
employees to the Belgian criminal investigators. This has been further
confirmed by a letter dated 3.10.03 (a copy of which is also attached). In
light of this development, our client continues to be prejudiced by the fact
of the concurrent criminal proceedings in Belgium and the use of matters
arising therefrom. As it is not disputed that our client does not have access
to the full file of the investigating judge in Belgium and has no present
right to copies of the documents in the file, it is plain that our client
cannot properly defend itself in the present civil proceedings before this
Honourable Court.

Moreover, on 3.10.03, M/s Shook Lin & Bok have served on us an affidavit of
evidence in chief (made on 26.9.03) which contains secondary evidence of
documents in the files of the investigating judge in Belgium and a bundle of
documents which includes similar secondary evidence (discovery of which had
not been previously given).

17 I heard further arguments on 9 October 2003. Defendant’s counsel, this
time, seemed to be concerned with even primary evidence which was not the
foundation of the original application. It was also significant that counsel
was still unable to say as to when the hearing, if any, against the defendant
will commence in Belgium. I was indeed mindful of the fact that where there
are concurrent criminal proceedings, prejudice may well befall a person who
has to defend himself or herself in both civil and criminal proceedings. The
court having control of the civil proceedings is therefore vested with certain
discretion to stay proceedings if it appears to the court that justice so
demanded. However, the burden is on the applicant for the stay to show there
was a real danger or prejudice to justify the grant of stay.

18 The traditional view as respects concurrent criminal proceedings was stated
in **_Wells v Abrahams_** (1872) LR 7 QB 554 at 557 by Lord Chief Justice
Cockburn in the following terms:

‘No doubt it has been long established as the law of England, that where an
injury amounts to an infringement of the civil rights of an individual, and at
the same time to a felonious wrong, the civil remedy, that is, the right of
redress by action, is suspended until the party inflicting the injury has been
prosecuted’.

19 A century later the foregoing view was redefined in **_Jefferson Ltd
Bhetcha_** [1979] 2 All ER 1108 by the Court of Appeal in England. It was held
in that case:

(i) The protection given to a defendant facing a criminal charge (ie the right
of silence) did not extend to giving him as a matter of right the same
protection in concurrent civil proceedings. The court having control of the
civil proceedings could, however, in the exercise of its discretion under s 41
of the Supreme Court of Judicature (Consolidation) Act 1925, stay those
proceedings if it appeared to the court that justice so required, having
regard to the concurrent criminal proceedings and the defendant’s right of
silence in relation to those proceedings and the reason for that right.
However, the burden was on the defendant in the civil proceedings to show that
it was just and convenient that the plaintiff’s ordinary rights in respect of
the action (ie of having his claim processed, heard and decided) should be
interfered with. …

(ii) An important factor to be taken into account by the court in deciding
whether to grant a stay (which in the present case would be the appropriate
form of relief if the defendant was entitled to any relief) was whether there
was a real, and not merely a potential danger, that the disclosure of the
defence in the civil action would lead to a potential miscarriage of justice
in the criminal proceedings …

20 In my view, the defendant could not even provide a time frame as to when
the trial, if any, against the defendant will commence. Secondly, the
defendant’s concern about the plaintiff adducing secondary evidence of some
documents now with the Belgian authorities had been unequivocally addressed
and satisfied by the several undertakings by plaintiff’s counsel. Having
considered all the arguments, I came to conclude that the application by the
defendant for the stay lacked merit. Consequently, the defendant’s application
stood dismissed.

Order acccordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

