Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Yong Siew Khian  
[2003] SGHC 230

Case Number | : | MA 10/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 October 2003  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Eddy Tham (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the appellant; Rashidah Saheer (Surian and Partners) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Yong Siew Khian   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Hurt – Whether trial judge erred in his findings of
fact leading to acquittal of accused – s 337 Penal Code – Causing hurt by act
which endangers life or personal safety and voluntarily causing hurt to
domestic maid  
  

1 The respondent, Yong Siew Khian (‘Yong’), was acquitted in the magistrate’s
court on the following three charges of maid abuse against her domestic maid,
one Mursiyani Mistam (‘Mursiyani’):

_1 st Charge (MAC 4779 of 2002)_

You, Yong Siew Khian, Female, 36 Years old, NRIC No: S1823012G, are charged
that you on or about August 2001, at about 11.00am at Blk 737 Pasir Ris Drive
10 #03-39, Singapore, caused hurt to one Mursiyani Mistam, by doing an act so
negligent, to wit spilling hot water from the kettle onto the left ear and
back of the said Mursiyani Mistam and thereby committed an offence punishable
under Section 337 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

_2 nd Charge (MAC 4780 of 2002)_

You, Yong Siew Khian, Female, 36 Years old, NRIC No: S1823012G, are charged
that you on or about the 16th of September 2001 at about 8.00pm at Blk 737
Pasir Ris Drive 10 #03-39, Singapore, being the employer of a domestic maid,
one Mursiyani Mistam, did voluntarily cause hurt to the said Mursiyani Mistam,
to wit by punching her left triceps, and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under Section 323 read with Section 73(2) of the Penal Code,
Chapter 224.

_3 rd Charge (MAC 4781 of 2002)_

You, Yong Siew Khian, Female, 36 Years old, NRIC No: S1823012G, are charged
that you in the month of September 2001, at Blk 737 Pasir Ris Drive 10 #03-39,
Singapore, being the employer of a domestic maid, one Mursiyani Mistam, did
voluntarily cause hurt to the said Mursiyani Mistam, to wit by using a plate
to hit her head, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
Section 323 read with Section 73(2) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

2 The prosecution appeared before me to appeal against Yong’s acquittal on all
three charges. I dismissed the appeal and set out the reasons below for my
decision.

**Background facts**

3 The alleged victim, Mursiyani, an Indonesian, was 22 years old at the time
of the trial. She started working for Yong as a domestic maid on 26 July 2001
after arriving in Singapore a few days before. This was her first job in
Singapore. Her responsibilities included looking after Yong’s two young
children, fetching them to and from school, house-cleaning, cooking and
ironing clothes.

4 Yong was a 34-year-old working mother at the material time, working as a
sales executive. She had employed five maids over a period of three years and
Mursiyani was her fifth maid.

5 The police report was lodged by one Siti Chotimah (‘Siti’), a neighbour of
Yong, to whom Mursiyani had complained of being abused.

**The appeal**

6 The appeal centred on the magistrate’s findings of fact. The prosecution
submitted that those findings were reached against the weight of the evidence.

_The first charge_

7 The fact that Yong had caused hurt to Mursiyani by spilling hot water onto
her ear and the back of her body was not disputed. What was in contention was
whether it was an accident as opposed to a negligent act under s 337 of the
Penal Code.

8 According to Musiyani, Yong was upset with her for not using the hot water
from the kettle. When Mursiyani replied that she did not know that there was
hot water in the kettle, Yong lost her temper and said, “Look, this is hot
water, you don’t know? Everything, you don’t know!” Yong then proceeded to
lift up the kettle and chased after Mursiyani, saying, “See, see, see.” In the
process, hot water spilled onto Mursiyani’s left ear and back. Mursiyani then
screamed, squatted down and cried. Yong quickly closed the kitchen door for
fear that her husband, one Tay Kok Lin (‘Tay’), would hear Mursiyani.
Thereafter, Yong apologised to her and applied ice to her back. Yong also told
her not to report the matter to her agent and to lie that the injury to her
ear was caused by hot oil should anyone ask about it.

9 Yong’s version in court was that she was carrying the kettle from the stove
to pour into the flask when Mursiyani, who was then washing dishes at the
kitchen sink, suddenly moved back two steps towards her. To avoid Mursiyani,
Yong lifted the kettle up. Unfortunately, in the process, hot water spilled
out from the kettle onto the neck and back of Mursiyani. Yong apologised to
her and applied ice to her ear and a cream for burns on her back. Mursiyani
declined Yong’s offer of medical attention. That evening, when Tay returned
home from work, Yong told him of the incident. He examined Mursiyani’s ear and
also asked if she wanted to see a doctor. She again declined.

10 It was Yong’s version that the magistrate chose to believe. On appeal, the
prosecution submitted that Yong’s version was incredible for the following
reasons. First, it involved Mursiyani walking backwards away from the kitchen
sink, instead of doing the more natural thing, which was to turn around and
walk away. Second, Yong could not have lifted the kettle up in her attempt to
avoid Mursiyani since the kettle was full and heavy and would have taken a lot
of strength to be lifted up to the ear level. It was also more natural and
instinctive to move the kettle sideways as opposed to upwards to avoid another
person. Third, Yong and Tay had themselves, in their police statements,
described the evasive action taken by the former, as “back away” and “pulling
the kettle back” respectively, rather than “upwards”. They contradicted
themselves on this point later in court.

11 The prosecution further submitted that the magistrate had erred in finding
the undisputed fact of Yong apologising to Mursiyani and treating her injuries
to be at odds with the version given by Mursiyani, because Yong would not have
apologised to Mursiyani immediately after the hot water spilt on the latter if
she had been angrily chasing her. Instead, the prosecution contended that the
apology was entirely consistent with Mursiyani’s version as it was highly
plausible that after hearing Mursiyani’s screams, Yong realised the extent of
harm caused by her in a fit of anger and instantly felt regret and remorse.

12 As far as I could see, all these arguments were based on mere speculation
and not evidence. For instance, even though there was some force in the
prosecution’s argument that the more natural thing to do would be to turn
around and walk away from the sink after the washing up is done, it seemed
equally possible to me that someone might move backwards away from the sink if
she was still checking to make sure that the sink was clean after the washing
up. It was a matter of pure speculation as to which action Mursiyani had
taken.

13 Similarly, depending on the amount of space between where Yong was standing
and the kitchen walls, it was perfectly possible that she had only enough
space to move the kettle upwards rather than sideways or backwards. There was
also no evidence that the kettle was full or that if it was full, it would
have been too heavy for a adult female to lift up. Although I agreed that the
magistrate should not have dismissed the possibility of Yong apologising
immediately to Mursiyani after losing her temper, it was again possible in
either version for Yong to apologise right after hurting Mursiyani, whether
accidentally or deliberately. Again, it was speculative as to which of the
possible events took place.

14 In the event that conflicting versions of events are equally plausible,
such that the judge below cannot be shown to have been wrong in his choice of
which to believe in, the appellate court is unable to reverse the magistrate’s
decision. This principle was clearly established in _PP v Azman bin Abdullah_
[1998] 2 SLR 704, and reiterated countless times in subsequent cases. I needed
to elaborate no further. I was of the opinion that such was the case here and
was therefore unable to allow the appeal on these grounds. As for Yong and
Tay’s contradictory statements, they related to the credibility of witnesses,
which I would deal with later.

_The second charge_

15 Mursiyani claimed that Yong was dissatisfied with her ironing of Tay’s
shirt at the material time. Yong pinched Mursiyani on the back of her left arm
and then pulled her away while still pinching her. Mursiyani cried and noticed
that the area pinched was bluish-red. Yong then took over the ironing of the
shirt.

16 Yong, however, denied ever pinching Mursiyani because of dissatisfaction
over her ironing. She did, however, admit to having used force on Mursiyani
only on two occasions – once to pull her back when Mursiyani had half her body
outside the window whilst cleaning it, and another time to demonstrate the
meaning of ‘pinch’ to Mursiyani by pinching the back of Mursiyani’s hand.

17 The prosecution drew my attention to the incontrovertible evidence that the
medical examination, conducted just after the police report was lodged,
revealed that Mursiyani had suffered a bruise. The examining doctor, one Dr
Teoh Hock Luen (‘Dr Teoh’), had recorded a spiral-shaped bruise five cm in
diameter on Mursiyani’s left triceps and gave evidence that the injury was
unlikely to be self-inflicted as the shape of the bruise suggested that
twisting was involved.

18 The magistrate considered Dr Teoh’s testimony to be “neither unequivocal
nor conclusive” and that “he was clearly not prepared to rule out the
possibility of self-infliction”. The magistrate therefore decided on his own
accord that since the bruise was two inches from the left elbow on the
triceps, it would be readily accessible by one’s right hand and self-
inflicting twisting was therefore “not difficult”.

19 The prosecution took issue with this finding and argued that the magistrate
had erred in expecting the evidence to be totally unequivocal before it could
be relied on. The prosecution also claimed that the magistrate had substituted
his own opinion for that of the expert medical witness, thus offending the
principle in _Saeng-Un Udom v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 1, which prohibits a judge from
rejecting and substituting with his own opinion unopposed expert evidence on a
matter outside the learning of the court.

20 I did not agree with the prosecution that the magistrate had contravened
the principle in _Saeng-Un Udom_. This was not a matter outside the learning
of the court and the magistrate was thus entitled to draw his own conclusion,
especially in light of the equivocal medical evidence. The matter simply
revolved around whether it was possible to self-inflict a bruise on one’s left
triceps by twisting with one’s right hand. The magistrate could easily have
checked if the right hand was accessible to the spot of injury by moving his
right hand over to his left triceps. This was unlike the situation in _Saeng-
Un Udom_ where a judge could not be expected to possess knowledge of the type
of weapon required to cause fatal injuries. Furthermore, the notes of evidence
recorded Dr Teoh’s admission during cross-examination that self-injury was
“not impossible”. Such equivocal medical evidence, coupled with the fact that
the matter fell within the learning of the court, precluded me from finding
that the magistrate had erred in his finding.

21 I was further unable to concur with the prosecution’s submission that the
magistrate was wrong to have found that “it would also be unsafe to rule out
the possibility that the bruise may have been inflicted by one of [Yong’s]
children”. The magistrate had arrived at this conclusion by weighing Dr Teoh’s
refusal to rule out this possibility together with Mursiyani’s own evidence
that the children were rough with her and that the four-year old boy had
single-handedly caused her to suffer an injury behind her right ear.

22 The prosecution submitted that the magistrate’s reasoning was against the
weight of the evidence as there was no allegation by any of the witnesses that
either of the children had pinched Mursiyani. It was further claimed that the
magistrate had failed to appreciate Dr Teoh’s evidence that it was very
unlikely that a child of seven years and below was able to inflict a twisting
injury to the extent that it would cause a spiral bruise with a diameter of
five cm.

23 I could not accept the prosecution’s submission that there must be some
allegation that the children had pinched Mursiyani before the magistrate could
consider that possibility. As long as there was a reasonable doubt that
someone other than Yong could have objectively caused the injury, the
magistrate was bound to acquit Yong. This was regardless of whether there were
specific allegations by witnesses that either of the children had caused it.
The lack of allegations also did not render it less likely that the children
could have caused the injury.

24 In addition, it was clear to me, from perusing the notes of evidence, that
Dr Teoh had merely testified that it was “not impossible” for a hyperactive
eight-year-old to inflict the injury. Since Yong had an eight-year-old
daughter suffering from hyperactivity, the magistrate was entitled to conclude
that there was a reasonable doubt that one of Yong’s children (or at least the
daughter) had inflicted the injury. Taking the evidence in its totality, I was
unable to allow the appeal against acquittal on this second charge.

_The third charge_

25 The third charge was that Yong had hit Mursiyani on the head with a plate.
Mursiyani’s evidence was that it happened one morning before Yong left for
work. Yong had checked a plate which Mursiyani had earlier washed and found
that it was not clean. She then used the plate to knock Mursiyani on the head.
Yong denied this completely.

26 The magistrate noted that Mursiyani claimed that she had informed Dr Teoh
of this incident but this claim was not borne out either by the medical report
or Dr Teoh’s testimony. In fact, Dr Teoh was unequivocal that no such
complaint had ever been made. The magistrate thus chose to disbelieve
Mursiyani. The prosecution submitted that this contradiction was not the
result of a deliberate lie but arose out of confusion on either the part of
Mursiyani or Dr Teoh. Alternatively, the prosecution submitted that it was
possible that Mursiyani might not have communicated effectively to Dr Teoh the
fact of this additional assault.

27 Again, this submission was not supported by evidence and I could not make a
decision based on speculation as to whether there was indeed confusion or
miscommunication. The magistrate’s acceptance of Yong’s version in preference
to Mursiyani’s was not shown to have been wrong. The principle in _Azman bin
Abdullah_ prevented me from interfering with the magistrate’s decision. Once
again, I had to dismiss the appeal against acquittal on this charge.

_Credibility of witnesses_

28 The prosecution submitted that the magistrate was wrong to disbelieve the
testimony of Mursiyani as it was corroborated by the evidence of the
complainant, Siti, as well as that of another neighbour, one Fauziah Bte Mohd
Yusof (‘Fauziah’). The magistrate, however, found Siti to be a gullible and
unreliable witness whose gullibility was manipulated by an intelligent and
shrewd Mursiyani into making a police report on her behalf. As for Fauziah, he
found that her testimony failed to add much weight to the prosecution’s case
because her knowledge of the case was largely based on hearsay.

29 It is trite law that the assessment of the credibility of witnesses is best
undertaken by the trial judge. The appellate court has no cognisance of the
demeanour of the witnesses and is hence not in the best position to decide
whose testimony to believe. The prosecution, however, went to great lengths in
their written submissions to try and convince me that Mursiyani was telling
the truth, pointing out, for instance, that the spontaneous circumstances
under which she revealed her bruise to Siti meant that she could not have
manipulated the situation. In my view, the spontaneity of the revelation of
the injury did not contradict the possibility that the injury could have been
caused by one of Yong’s children. My review of the totality of the evidence
also showed that none of the other objective facts contradicted the
magistrate’s findings. Hence, given that I had no opportunity to observe the
demeanour of the witnesses, I could not substitute the magistrate’s opinion to
come to my own conclusion that Mursiyani was a more reliable witness than
Yong.

30 I further noted that Siti had testified that the bruise was on the upper
front portion of Mursiyani’s arm whereas Dr Teoh had found the bruise to be
two inches above her left triceps. This rendered Siti an unreliable witness.
The discrepancy related to a key issue in her testimony, namely, that she had
seen the bruise on Mursiyani’s arm. I therefore had no grounds upon which to
find that the magistrate had erred in rejecting Siti’s testimony as having any
corroborative value.

31 I also could not accept the prosecution’s submission that the magistrate
was wrong in treating Yong and Tay as credible witnesses on the basis of the
discrepancy between their police statements and their testimonies pertaining
to the action taken by Yong to avoid injuring Mursiyani with the hot kettle.
In the police statements, Yong and Tay had described the evasive action as
“back away” and “pulling the kettle back” respectively, but in court, both had
claimed that the kettle was in fact _lifted up_. I agreed with the magistrate
that the inconsistency was a minor one. It could be easily explained by the
fact that Yong had made the split-second decision to take the evasive action
when she saw Mursiyani backing into her, and may not have remembered exactly
how she avoided the latter. Alternatively, she could have been both backing
away and lifting up the kettle at the same time to avoid Mursiyani. I found
that the magistrate was entitled to regard these possibilities as probable
after taking into account the demeanour of both Yong and Tay.

32 The magistrate found Tay to be “consistent and coherent throughout his
statement and court testimony” and Yong’s evidence to be “coherent, materially
consistent and reliable”. He came to this conclusion based upon the candour
with which Yong answered each question, and her admissions to scolding
Mursiyani when the latter failed to meet her expectations or made mistakes.
Furthermore, I noted that Yong had admitted to using force on Mursiyani twice
even though this was denied by Mursiyani. This was not an admission that would
have helped Yong’s case. As for Tay, he readily admitted to hearing his wife
scold Mursiyani fairly frequently in the first month, even though this might
have been adverse to his wife’s defence. It was unsurprising then, that the
magistrate had found them to be forthcoming witnesses and was willing to
disregard minor inconsistencies in their testimonies.

**Conclusion**

33 For the above reasons, I found that the prosecution’s grounds of appeal
could not be sustained. I dismissed the appeal accordingly.

**Appeal dismissed.**

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Oct 2003 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

