Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## John While Springs (S) Pte Ltd and Another v Goh Sai Chuah Justin and
Others  
[2004] SGHC 76

Case Number | : | Suit 848/2000, NA 81/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 April 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Joyce Low Wei Lin AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sim Kwan Kiat and Mark Cheng (Rajah and Tann) for plaintiffs; N Sreenivasan and Collin Choo (Straits Law Practice LLC) for defendants   
Parties | : |  John While Springs (S) Pte Ltd; Segno Precision Pte Ltd — Goh Sai Chuah Justin; Cheong Shze Fun; Aligent Precision Pte Ltd; Lee Choon Boy; Lit Yoke Seng; Ng Wan Wha Eddy; Tan Lay Chon Michelle; Lim Poh Gok Sharon; Chew Kean Guan; Koh Kok Eng   
  
12 April 2004 _Grounds of Decision._

Assistant Registrar Joyce Low:

**Background Facts**

1 The first plaintiff, John While Springs (S) Pte Ltd (‘JWS’), manufactures
springs for consumer equipment. The second plaintiff, Segno Precision Pte Ltd
(‘Segno’), a subsidiary of JWS was formed in 1992 to complement JWS’s
business. It is in the business of metal stamping and multi-slide production
for professional, precision and scientific equipment. Prior to their
suspension from duties, Goh Sai Chuah Justin (‘Goh’), the first defendant and
Cheong Shze Fun (‘Cheong’), the second defendant were the _de facto_ managing
director of JWS and the general manager of Segno respectively. Both were key
personnel that had been entrusted with running the plaintiffs.

2 In the beginning of 2000, Rhonda Willson (‘Rhonda’) became the new
shareholder of a company that had an interest in the Minstar Singapore Pte Ltd
(‘Minstar’), the majority shareholder of JWS. There were clashes between her
and Goh and Cheong due to personality differences. Sometime in May or June
2000, Goh and Cheong concluded that they no longer had secure futures in JWS
and Segno respectively. In June 2000, they set up the third defendant, Aligent
Precision Pte Ltd (‘Aligent’), a competing business, while still in the employ
of the plaintiffs. They also induced the sixth defendant, Ng Wan Wha Eddy
(‘Ng’), who was then a production manager with Segno to join Aligent. Ng
resigned from Segno on 5 July 2000 and joined Aligent as their production
manager. None of these activities were publicised until September 2000 after
Rhonda hired Kroll Asia (S) Pte Ltd (‘Kroll’) to investigate the affairs of
the plaintiffs pursuant to a tip-off that she received.

3 The plaintiffs commenced the present proceedings against Goh and Cheong for
breach of fiduciary duties. They also sued Aligent, Ng and six other
defendants, concurrently, for knowingly or intentionally assisting Goh and
Cheong in the breaches of their fiduciary duties. On 14 March 2001, a consent
judgment was entered into against Goh, Cheong, Aligent and Ng (collectively
referred to as ‘the defendants’). Goh and Cheong admitted, in the Statement of
Facts annexed to the judgment, that they breached their fiduciary duties to
the plaintiffs by: first, being actively involved in Aligent which was
intended to be in direct competition with the plaintiffs; secondly, inducing
Ng to join Aligent; thirdly, procuring or attempting to procure certain of the
plaintiffs’ existing customers for the benefit of themselves and Aligent; and
lastly, using the plaintiffs’ premises and equipment to advance Aligent’s
interests. They were ordered to pay damages to be assessed to the plaintiffs
for all damages caused by their breaches of fiduciary duties. Similarly,
Aligent and Ng were ordered to pay damages to be assessed to the plaintiffs
for all damages caused by their knowing or intentional assistance of Goh and
Cheong’s breaches of fiduciary duties. The plaintiffs discontinued their
action against the rest of the other six defendants.

4 At the hearing for the assessment of damages, the plaintiffs made the
following claims for:

(a) expenses incurred for investigations;

(b) salaries and bonuses that were allegedly wrongly paid out to Goh, Cheong
and Ng;

(c) loss of sales and profits from October 2000 to March 2001; and

(d) loss of corporate opportunities.

Principles governing assessment of damages for breach of fiduciary duties

5 At the outset, it is necessary to clarify the principles governing the
assessment of damages for breach of fiduciary duties. The defendants contended
that it is trite law that the burden of proof lies on the claimant to prove
his damages as in any other claim for damages. On the other hand, the
plaintiffs submitted that the burden of proof on a plaintiff is simply to
prove that his loss is linked to the defendant’s breach of fiduciary duties
whereupon the burden then shifts to the defendant to show that the plaintiff
would have suffered the loss even if he had not breached his duties. They
relied on the decision of Singapore High Court in _Kumagai-Zenecon
Construction Pte Ltd v Low Hua Kin_ [2000] 2 SLR 501 at 509, where Selvam J
quoted the following judgment of Street J in _Re Dawson_ [1966] NSWLR 211:

The test of liability is whether the loss would have been if there had been no
breach. In other words, the fiduciary can escape liability only if he can
demonstrate that the loss or suffering would have happened even if there had
been no breach.

6 I disagree with the plaintiffs that this statement represents the law in
Singapore because such an approach had been expressly rejected by the Court of
Appeal of Singapore in the case of _Ohm Pacific Sdn Bhd v Ng Jwee Cheng
Doreen_ [1994] 2 SLR 576 which had not been cited in _Kumagai-Zenecon_. In
_Ohm Pacific_ , LP Thean JA stated, at p 586, that there was no such principle
that the burden of proof shifts to a defaulting fiduciary to show that the
loss did not result from the breach and that it was necessary for the claimant
to prove a causal connection between the breach of duty and the alleged loss.

7 The plaintiffs have attempted to draw a distinction between the assessment
of damages at common law and in equity by submitting that the usual inquiries
into the issues of causation and remoteness are not applicable in a Court of
Equity. This approach is not consistent with the judgment in _Ohm Pacific_
where it was held that the claimant must prove causation. In addition, I do
not think that it is useful to over-emphasize the differences at common law
and in equity in assessing damages and disregard the applicable common
principles. I can do no better than to reproduce Lord Browne-Wilkinson’s
treatment of this issue in _Target Holdings Ltd v Redfern_ [1996] 1 AC 421 at
432:

At common law, there are two principles fundamental to the award of damages.
First that the defendant’s wrongful act must cause the damage complained of.
Second, that the plaintiff is to be put “in the same position as he would have
been in if he had not sustained the wrong for which he is now getting his
compensation or reparation”: _Livingstone v Rawyard Coal Co_ (1880) 5 AC 25 39
_per_ Lord Blackburn. Although, as will appear, in many ways equity approaches
liability for making good a breach of trust from a different starting point,
in my judgment those two principles are applicable as much in equity as at
common law. Under both systems, liability is fault-based. The defendant is
only liable for the consequences of the legal wrong he has done to the
plaintiff and to make good the damages caused by such wrong. He is not
responsible for damages not caused by his wrong or to pay by way of
compensation more than the loss suffered from such wrong. The detailed rules
of equity as to causation and the quantification of loss differ, as least
ostensibly, from those applicable at common law. But the principles underlying
both systems are the same.

8 In assessing the various heads of claim below, I bear in mind that the
plaintiffs had to prove the causal connection between the breach of fiduciary
duties by the defendants and their alleged losses.

Expenses incurred for investigations

9 Under this head of claim, the plaintiffs contended that they are entitled to
a sum of $271,004.71, being the amount they spent hiring Kroll to investigate
the defendants’ misdeeds. The plaintiffs’ witness, Rhonda, gave evidence that
she hired Kroll to conduct a forensic audit of the computer workstations
located in the office of JWS’s factory. Through Kroll, she also instructed
Gideon Network & Investigation Services Pte Ltd (‘Gideon’) to conduct
surveillance on Aligent’s premises. As a result of these investigations, the
plaintiffs obtained evidence of the defendants’ misdeeds. Rhonda produced five
invoices by Kroll which were charged to Minstar. She testified that Minstar
paid on those invoices on behalf of the plaintiffs and the sum incurred was
treated as a long-term loan from Minstar to the plaintiffs. Rhonda relied on
JWS’s audited financial statements for the year ending 30 June 2002 which
evidenced that there was a long term loan of $742,000 payable by JWS to
Minstar.

10 The defendants raised a preliminary objection that the plaintiffs are
estopped from claiming these expenses. This was because the plaintiffs did not
claim them as disbursements during taxation although investigation expenses
formed a proper head of claim of disbursement. This argument was not pursued
seriously by the defendants who did not cite any authorities to support their
contention that investigation expenses _must_ be claimed as disbursements
during taxation. In addition, they made only a bare assertion of estoppel but
did not establish that any of the elements of estoppel have been made out in
the present case. Costs incurred by plaintiffs in investigating defendants
have previously been awarded to plaintiffs as damages (see _Alberta Inv
Faraci_ 2000 Alta DJ LEXIS 166 and _British Motor Trade Association v
Salvadori and Others_ [1949] 1 Ch 556). Such expenses result from the
defendants’ breach of fiduciary duties and accordingly, if proven, they are
claimable as damages.

11 I turn to consider the crux of the defendants’ argument, _ie_ that there
was insufficient evidence to prove that the plaintiffs suffered losses through
hiring Kroll. The defendants took issue with Kroll’s invoices on two grounds.
First, that the invoices did not provide a breakdown of the work done to prove
that the costs incurred were due to the investigations into the defendants’
misdeeds. Secondly, that the invoices were not addressed to the plaintiffs but
Minstar.

12 During her cross-examination, Rhonda testified that she had “no idea” how
she was charged by Kroll. She admitted that Kroll was asked to do other work
that was unrelated to the investigation of the defendants, _ie_ for providing
bodyguards for her and investigating other employees in JWS. It was not
disputed that Kroll charged on a lump sum basis and that their invoices would
have included such other services. At the hearing, Mr Sreenivasan, counsel for
the defendants, raised the issue that the invoices do not contain any
particulars as to the breakdown of the work done and there was no proof as to
the amount incurred by the plaintiffs for the investigations of the
defendants. The plaintiffs were, however, contented to rely only on Rhonda’s
evidence and Kroll’s invoices. They did not adduce Kroll’s letter of
engagement, any of their reports or call anyone from Kroll to evidence their
claim that all of Kroll’s charges were incurred to investigate the defendants.
In the circumstances, I find that there was insufficient evidence as to the
amount that Kroll charged for the investigation of the defendants and the
losses suffered by the plaintiffs for such investigations. Accordingly, the
plaintiffs’ claim under this head must fail.

Claim for the disgorgement of salaries and bonuses

13 The plaintiffs contended that they were entitled to be reimbursed for the
salaries and bonuses paid out to Goh and Cheong from March 2000 to October
2000. This amounted to a sum of $177,600 for Goh and $65,372 for Cheong. As
for Ng, the plaintiffs claimed a sum of $31,632 being the sum he was paid when
he was serving out his notice period from July 2000 to September 2000. The
plaintiffs have two separate but related bases for their claim for
reimbursement. First, that during the material times, the defendants had
diverted their time and allegiance to Aligent and had therefore neglected
their duties as employees of the plaintiffs. Secondly, the plaintiffs claimed
that they would not have paid the defendants had they known that they were in
breach of their fiduciary duties and consequently, they should be entitled to
be reimbursed for the sums paid out.

14 Aligent was registered in June 2000. Goh testified that he did not actively
start procuring business for Aligent until September or October 2000 after
Rhonda came to know about the company. Both Goh and Cheong admitted to
discussing the business of Aligent from May 2000. However, they denied that
they neglected their duties with the plaintiffs as a result of their breaches
of fiduciary duties. They pointed to the record sales that the plaintiffs
enjoyed during the material period and contended that such results were
impossible if they, as key personnel of the plaintiffs, had neglected their
duties.

15 The plaintiffs did not dispute that they enjoyed record sales during the
period of January to October 2000 and that all their sales orders were
fulfilled. Their case was that they could have enjoyed an even larger profit
had their employees not been distracted by Aligent. I accept the argument that
the mere fact that plaintiffs were enjoying record sales and fulfilling all
their production orders did not automatically mean that the defendants put in
their all as employees of the plaintiffs. Nevertheless, the burden was on the
plaintiffs to establish that there had been such a neglect of duties by Goh,
Cheong and Ng.

16 In my judgment, the plaintiffs failed to prove such neglect. They relied on
the surveillance reports by Gideon which showed Goh, Cheong and Ng at
Aligent’s premises sometime in August 2000. The reports had been exhibited in
the AEIC filed by Chan Yew Wah for the main action on liability. I did not
rely on this evidence as the plaintiffs have refused to call Chan as a witness
at the assessment hearing. His evidence was untested as the parties settled
the main action. There was no other evidence to prove that Cheong and Ng had
neglected their duties as employees of the plaintiffs. The only other evidence
that the plaintiffs adduced was that of Loh Chee Khun (‘Loh’), the then
production manager of JWS. Loh testified that he observed that Goh was seldom
in his office about a month prior to his resignation on 27 October 2000.
However, he also admitted, under cross-examination, that for 17 days out of
that month, Goh’s conduct could probably be explained by the fact that he was
suspended from duties on 10 October 2000. There was no other evidence that Goh
neglected his duties prior to the month before his resignation.

17 Loh’s evidence does establish that, for a much shorter period between end
September and 10 October 2000, Goh had not been concentrating on his job with
JWS. This was consistent with Goh’s own testimony that he took active steps to
promote Aligent’s business sometime in September 2000, since he knew that
Rhonda had already found out about Aligent. In my view, the plaintiffs were
entitled to a reimbursement of 1/3 of Goh’s monthly salary as a compensation
for the losses caused to them due to the diversion of Goh’s energies from JWS
to Aligent, _ie_ [$18,750 + $1,920(CPF component)] X 1/3 = **$6,890**.

18 For completeness, I will deal with plaintiffs’ other basis for claiming
reimbursement which I do not accept, _ie_ they suffered a loss as they would
not have made the material payments if they had known about the defendants’
breaches. In the absence of any proof that the defendants had neglected their
duties, save for the limited period that Goh diverted his attention; and
Rhonda’s admission that the plaintiffs continued to enjoy record sales during
the material period, such a claim is at best speculative and suffered from _ex
post facto_ reasoning.

**Loss of sales and profits for October 2000 to March 2001**

19  In the Statement Of Facts, Goh and Cheong admitted that they had:

… misappropriated the Plaintiffs’ goodwill, customer base and corporate
opportunities for the benefit of themselves and the 3rd Defendant by procuring
or attempting to procure, both directly and through the 3rd Defendant, certain
of the Plaintiffs’ existing customers including the following customers of the
Plaintiffs: (i) Texas Instrument Malaysia Sdn Bhd; Hewlett Packard Singapore
Pte Ltd; and (iii) Shimano (S) Pte Ltd.

20 The plaintiffs sought compensation for their loss of profits due to the
diversion of their customers by Goh and Cheong. JWS claimed a sum of $700,000.
Rhonda testified that she arrived at this figure in the following manner: the
total sales for October 1999 to March 2000 amounted to $4,787,441 which was a
46% increase from the same period from October 1998 to March 1999. Rhonda
expected a 43% increase in sales for the period of October 2000 to March 2001
after a 3% drop in sales due to the poor economic conditions was factored in.
On that basis, the expected sales for that period would be $6,846,041. As the
actual sales for that period was only $4,108,797, there was a loss of
$2,737,244 worth of sales which she rounded up to $2,750,000. The average
profit for the last five years was 34%. Based on these figures, she estimated
that the loss in profits attributable to the defendants was around $700,000.

21 As for Segno, the plaintiffs claimed a sum of $170,000. A comparison of the
sales figures from October 1998 to March 1999 and that of October 1999 to
March 2000, showed a 79.9% increase. Rhonda felt that such an increase was not
sustainable and calculated her projected sales in October 2000 to March 2001
on the basis of a 53% year-on-year increase. As the average net profit of the
preceding five years fluctuated from –44% to 25%, she used 10% as a net profit
figure which she thought was achievable.

22 The defendants’ case was that they were not liable for any losses suffered
by the plaintiffs after their resignation as they had not admitted to
breaching any fiduciary duties as ex-directors. In my judgment, this argument
is flawed. While the defendants did not admit to breaching their duties as ex-
directors, they had admitted to breaching their fiduciary duties as directors
by misappropriating the plaintiffs’ corporate opportunities. Consequently,
they were liable for all damages flowing from such a breach whether such
damages surfaced during the time of their employment or after their
resignation.

23 The main issue is whether the plaintiffs had proven that the losses of
profits they suffered was a result of the defendants’ breach of fiduciary
duties as directors of the plaintiffs. The defendants contended that the
plaintiffs failed to do so but had, instead, made the simplistic and erroneous
assumption that all their losses in profits were due solely to the defendants’
breach of fiduciary duties. They submitted that the losses could have been due
to other factors: in particular, the departure of key personnel and the
inexperience of the new management team led by Rhonda, who had no business
experience.

24 I am not satisfied that the plaintiffs’ calculation of their losses of
profits reflected the damages attributable to the defendants’ acts for two
reasons. First, in those calculations, a heavy reliance was placed on Rhonda’s
estimate as to what was the achievable projected percentage increase in sales
that could have been attained during the material period. In the case of JWS,
she factored in a 3% discount for the poor economic climate but in Segno’s
case, there was no other explanation for arriving at a 10% increase apart from
her assertion that it was probably achievable. While the projection of future
sales will always contain an element of estimation, Rhonda’s estimates were
without any basis apart from her subjective assessment that such figures were
achievable.

25 Secondly, and more fundamentally, in their calculations, the plaintiffs had
attributed the whole difference between the projected sales and actual sales
to the defendants’ breach of fiduciary duties without adducing evidence as to
how the defendants’ breaches had caused all the losses in sales. In support of
their claim, they cited specific customers such as Texas Instruments Malaysia
(‘TIM’) and Shimano (S) Pte Ltd, _etc_ , that were lost to Aligent due to the
defendants’ breaches. Even if the plaintiffs had proven that those specific
customers had indeed been procured by Goh and Cheong, the fact that _some_ of
the plaintiffs’ customers had been procured by them does not mean that _all_
the losses in sales were attributable to them. There were also other potential
causes of the losses in sales such as the departure of key personnel and the
poor economic climate. The plaintiffs failed to establish that the loss of
customers due to the defendants’ breaches was the sole reason for a drop in
sales.

26 While I reject the plaintiffs’ calculations of damages under this head, I
am also of the opinion that the defendants were liable for some of the
plaintiffs’ losses in sales and profits. Goh and Cheong had admitted to
procuring and attempting to procure the plaintiffs’ customers while they were
in the employ of the plaintiffs. The plaintiffs had served interrogatories on
them requesting for particulars of all the customers which they had procured
or caused Aligent to procure. In their answer, Goh and Cheong affirmed the
contents of the following table showing the customers that they had in common
with the plaintiffs and the volume of sales resulting from those customers for
the material period, _ie_ October 2000 to March 2001:

Customers |  Oct 00 |  Nov 00 |  Dec 00 |  Jan 01 |  Feb 01 |  Mar 01  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Shimano (S) |  0 |  0 |  S$3131 |  S$36127 |  0 |  0  
Delta Switchgear |  0 |  S$945 |  0 |  S$823 |  0 |  0  
Fullmark |  0 |  S$1390 |  S$180 |  S$513 |  0 |  0  
Dorma |  0 |  S$630 |  S$4945 |  S$3126 |  0 |  0  
Timken |  0 |  S$16113 |  S$27725 |  S$32706 |  0 |  0  
Delta Switchgear |  0 |  0 |  S$6569 |  S$52203 |  (S$8505) |  0  
  
27 Shimano was a customer of JWS while the other four companies listed were
customers of Segno. The total volume of sales that Aligent had with the former
customers of JWS and Segno were $39,258 and $139,363 respectively during the
material period. In my view, a corresponding drop in sales in the plaintiffs
could be attributed directly to the defendants’ breach of fiduciary duties by
procuring these customers from the plaintiffs for Aligent. The average net
profit of JWS for the past five years preceding was 34%. A fair estimate of
the loss of profits for JWS due to the defendants’ breach was 34% of $39,258 =
$13,347.72. As for Segno, it suffered a net loss of 1.942% in the preceding
five years. There was no proof that the drop in sales volume that it suffered
would translate to a loss in net profits for which the defendants should be
liable for. Accordingly, I found that the plaintiffs were entitled to a sum of
**$13,347.72** under this head of claim.

Loss of corporate opportunities

28 In addition to their claim for loss of profits for six months, the
plaintiffs also claimed for the loss of corporate opportunities to do business
with their former clients for a further period of two years. They contended
that the difficulties in quantifying the value of such a “lost chance” did not
preclude them from obtaining a remedy in law and that a figure of $2,400,000
was reasonable bearing in mind that the estimated loss of profits for a six-
month period of October 2000 to March 2001 was already $870,000.

29 It is trite law that a “loss of chance” may sound in an award for damages
despite the difficulties in quantifying such losses. In the well-known case of
_Chaplin v Hicks_ [1911] 2 KB 786, Vaugham Williams LJ remarked that ‘…it may
be that the amount (of damages)…will really be a matter of guesswork. But the
fact that damages cannot be assessed with certainty does not relieve the
wrongdoer of the necessity of paying damages...”.

30 _Chaplin v Hicks_ has been repeatedly cited with approval in many local
decisions, including _Straits Engineering Contracting Pte Ltd v Mertek Pte
Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 227, the latest decision of the Court of Appeal on the issue
of loss chance. In that case, the parties had entered into an agreement for
the defendants to sell all the issued shares in their subsidiary to the
plaintiffs. In breach of the agreement, the defendants sold the shares to a
third party. In assessing the quantum of damages, the trial judge found that
there was a real chance of the plaintiffs making a profit if they had been
successful in their acquisition. However, he declined to make an award for
loss of profits amounting to $9,572,415 on the ground that the projected
profits submitted by the plaintiffs were highly speculative and instead
awarded damages on loss chance to make a profit by taking 15% of the projected
profits as representing the value of the loss chance. On appeal, the approach
of the trial judge was affirmed but the court reduced the quantum awarded to
take into account contingencies that had not been brought to the attention of
the trial judge. LP Thean JA, in affirming C _haplin v Hicks_ , stated that
‘under this head of damages, the amount awarded is unavoidably a lump sum
which, in the opinion of the judge, is fair and reasonable, after taking into
account various contingencies.’

31 Although both _Chaplin v Hicks_ and _Straits Engineering Contracting_ were
cases on breach of contract, it is my view that the principles enunciated as
to the quantification of damages resulting from the loss of chance are
principles of general application and are equally relevant to the present case
involving a breach of fiduciary duties.

32 I agree with the plaintiffs that they had lost a real chance to continue to
supply the customers which Goh and Cheong had wrongfully procured for Aligent.
To my mind, the following considerations were relevant for quantifying of the
value of that chance. First, in respect of the lost chance to continue to
supply Segno’s former customers, the plaintiffs had not shown that the loss of
these customers will translate into a loss in profits. _A fortiori_ , there
was no proof that a loss of the chance to service such customers will result
in any damages. Secondly, there were uncertainties as to whether the
plaintiffs would have been able to continue retaining their customers. They
were faced with the departure of key personnel, inexperienced management and a
new competitor in the market. These uncertainties were exacerbated because the
plaintiffs have claimed for the loss of a chance to service their former
customers for a relatively long period of some six months to 2.5 years after
the breach. In the circumstances, I am of the view that a figure of 15% of
$13,347.72 (their award for loss of profits from October 2000 to March 2001),
_ie_ approximately $2,000, represented a fair estimation of the value of the
chance they lost.

**Conclusion**

33 In summary, I make the following awards of damages:

(a) expenses incurred for investigations $0.00

(b) salaries and bonuses $6,890.00

(c) loss of sales and profits $13,347.72

(d) lost chance to continue supplying former customers _$2,000.00_

**Total: $22,237.72**

34 I will hear the parties on the questions of interest and costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Apr 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

