Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Min Jai v Chua Cheow Koon  
[2004] SGHC 275

Case Number | : | D 501/2004, RAS 58/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 22 December 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  James Chia (James Chia and Co) for the petitioner; Colin Kang (East Asia Law Corporation) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Lee Min Jai — Chua Cheow Koon   
  
Family Law – Matrimonial assets – Matrimonial home – Petitioner wife appealing
against district judge's dismissal of application to rescind part of consent
order in decree nisi relating to transfer of her share in matrimonial home to
respondent husband for certain sum of money – Whether application on grounds
of trial solicitor's failure to render appropriate advice should be allowed  
  

22 December 2004

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an appeal by the petitioner (wife) against an order by the district
court judge dismissing her application to rescind part of a consent order in
the decree _nisi_ granted on 27 July 2004, and to substitute a fresh order in
its place.

2 The petitioner, a Korean national, married the respondent, a Singapore
national, on 16 October 2000 when they were about 32 and 33 years old
respectively. The couple had lived together for about three years although the
marriage lasted four years before the decree _nisi_ was granted. They have no
children.

3 The part of the decree _nisi_ that the petitioner sought to rescind was cl
3(b) which reads as follows:

That upon full payment of $50,000.00 by the Respondent to the Petitioner, the
Petitioner shall transfer her share to all title, rights and interest of the
matrimonial flat known as and situate at 27, Paya Lebar Road, #12-06,
Singapore 409042 entirely to the Respondent. That the Respondent do bear all
costs and expense in the said transfer.

The petitioner’s grounds for this application were that she consented to the
orders without realising that she was a joint owner of the matrimonial flat.
Mr Chia, her counsel, on appeal before me, submitted that had she known, she
would not have consented to the sum of $50,000. She should have been, and
ought to be given, at least half the value of the flat, valued at $520,000 as
at 13 August 2004. He conceded that the petitioner was represented by a
solicitor and that she had told her (then) solicitor that she had a share in
the matrimonial flat. But she did not know the nature of her interest and so
did not mention this aspect. Mr Chia argued that the solicitor ought, in those
circumstances, to have made a search of the register because, had he done so,
he would have known that she was a joint-owner and would have advised her
accordingly. Mr Chia submitted that the solicitor was thus in breach of his
duty to the petitioner. He argued that any reasonable solicitor would have
caused a search of the register to be made in those circumstances.

4 Mr Chia referred to the authority of _Wee Ah Lian v Teo Siak Weng_ [1992] 1
SLR 688 at 698, [39] and [40], in which Karthigesu JA held that:

The matter does not end there. We must still decide whether in the exercise of
our discretion under s 106 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353) we ought to uphold
the settlement. Section 106 does not specifically provide for the validation
of agreements honestly negotiated by the parties but it does give jurisdiction
to the court to order a division of matrimonial assets when granting a decree
of divorce. The section provides for two distinct situations. Sub-sections (1)
and (2) deal with the position where the matrimonial assets were acquired by
the joint effort of the parties in which case, subject to the factors to be
taken into account in exercising discretion, the court is directed to incline
towards equality of division. Sub-sections (3) and (4) deal with the position
where the matrimonial assets were acquired by the sole effort of one party in
which case, subject to the factors to be taken into account in exercising
discretion, the court is directed that the division shall assure that the
party by whose effort the assets were acquired shall receive a greater
proportion.

In our view, it is incumbent on the court to see that these provisions of the
section are not violated when ordering a division of matrimonial assets
following the granting of a decree of divorce, and the same would apply where
the court’s intervention is sought notwithstanding that the parties may have
reached an agreement before seeking the court’s intervention.

Counsel then cited the English case of _Kelley v Corston_ [1997] 4 All ER 466
and the unreported Family Court case of _Lim Chee Kit v Chen Boon Siong_
[2001] SGDC 160 as examples of instances in which the courts would set aside
consent orders on the ground that the terms were not fair to the applicant.
These cases are not binding on me, but more importantly, they each turn on
their own set of facts.

5 Under s 112(4) of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed), the court
“may, at any time it thinks fit, extend, vary, revoke or discharge any order
made under this section, and may vary any term or condition upon or subject to
which any such order has been made”. But this section, and the authorities
referred to by Mr Chia, should not be construed as an invitation to revise the
terms of a settlement merely so that they appear more equitable or will be, in
fact, more equitable in the objective opinion of the court. Privately settled
terms in respect of the ancillary matters in a divorce may not always appear
to be fair. But divorce is a very personal matter, and each party would have
his own private reasons for demanding, or acquiescing, to any given term or
condition in the ultimate settlement. What the court should be alert to, is
that one party had not taken an unfair advantage over the other in the course
of negotiating and settling the terms. Hence, in _Dean v Dean_ [1978] 3 All ER
758, the court held (as set out in the headnote) that:

[W]here an agreement between the parties had been reached at arm’s length and
the parties had been separately advised, the agreement itself would be prima
facie evidence of the reasonableness of its terms, and formal discovery would
probably be unnecessary.

6 In the present case, the matrimonial flat was a gift by the respondent’s
grandmother to him as well as the petitioner. The petitioner was aware that
she had a share in that flat and told her previous solicitor so. The terms of
settlement were clearly reached at arm’s length, and there was no question of
the respondent concealing any material fact from the petitioner. If Mr Chia is
right in saying that the petitioner’s previous solicitor failed in his duty in
failing to search the registry for the petitioner’s interest in the flat, that
fault should have no implication on the innocent respondent. A court would
interfere with an order of court obtained by consent, only on just and
equitable grounds. And in determining whether such grounds have been
established, the court should also take into account the effect of a setting
aside of the order on the other party. Here, the respondent had, in good
faith, negotiated a settlement at arm’s length, and was proceeding to make a
fresh start in life. If there was an error, it sprang from the petitioner
herself. It might not even be proven that the fault lay with her previous
solicitor. Hence, there is all the more reason why this court ought not to
disturb the consent order on that account. If it is true that the fault lay
with the solicitor, and that it had caused the petitioner to gain less than
she otherwise might, the petitioner’s remedy is against that solicitor and not
the respondent.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 22 Dec 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

