Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mustaza Bin Abdul Majid v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGHC 18

Case Number | : | MA 133/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 February 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S K Kumar (S K Kumar and Associates) for appellant; Edwin San (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Mustaza Bin Abdul Majid — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Property – Theft – Theft from building used as a dwelling-house
or custody of property – Definition – Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)s 380  
  
Criminal Law – Property – Theft – Ingredients – Taking without the consent of
the person in possession – Whether taking was with the consent of the person
in possession – Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)s 378  
  
Criminal Law – Property – Theft – Ingredients – Dishonest intention to take
property – Whether taking was with dishonest intent – Whether ability to pay
has a bearing upon dishonest intention – Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)s
378  
  

4 February 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was an appeal against conviction for an offence under s 380 of the
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”) by District Judge Doris Lai-Chia Lee
Mui. The appellant was sentenced to three years’ imprisonment at the end of
the trial, and has now appealed against conviction alone. After hearing the
submissions of counsel from both sides, I dismissed the appeal and now give my
reasons.

**The charge under s 380 of the PC**

2 The charge against the appellant read:

… that you, on or about the 27th day of January 2003, at about 8.45 pm, at
Prime Supermarket located at Blk 823 Tampines Street 81, Singapore, a place
used for the custody of property, did commit theft of one carton of ‘Red Bull’
valued at $21.60 from the possession of Mdm Neo Lay Wah, the Store Manager of
Prime Supermarket and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
Section 380 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

3 Section 380 of the PC covers the offence of theft from a place used as a
dwelling or from a place for keeping property, and provides for an enhanced
imprisonment term of up to seven years. Prosecutions under this section are
usually for shoplifting offences committed in supermarkets and shops. Theft
_simpliciter_ is defined in s 378 of the PC as:

Whoever, intending to take dishonestly any movable property out of the
possession of any person without that person’s consent, moves that property in
order to such taking, is said to commit theft.

4 The authors of _Mallal’s Penal Law_ (LexisNexis, 2002) at 659–660, [380.4]
have set out the ingredients required to constitute an offence under the
Malaysian Penal Code equivalent of s 380 of the PC; they are _in pari
materia_. I gratefully adopted their analysis of the elements needed:

(a) The property in question is movable property.

(b) The accused took such property out of the possession of another person.

(c) The taking was without the consent of the person in possession.

(d) There was some movement of the said property so as to constitute taking.

(e) There was a dishonest intention to take that property, meaning that the
accused took such property with the intent to cause:

(i) wrongful loss to the person who has possession of the property; or

(ii) wrongful gain to himself.

(f) The property was at the time of the theft in a building, tent or vessel.

(g) Such building, tent or vessel was being used as a human dwelling or for
the custody of property.

5 In the present appeal, it was not disputed that the appellant had taken a
carton of 24 “Red Bull” canned drinks (“the carton”) at Prime Supermarket
(“the supermarket”) on the day in question. Therefore only ingredients (c) and
(d) from the list above were in dispute – whether the taking of the carton was
with the consent of the proprietors of the supermarket, and if there was no
consent, whether the appellant had taken it with a dishonest intention.
Whether these two ingredients were made out in the case before me was tied to
the question of whether the appellant was still within the premises of the
supermarket when apprehended by security personnel.

**The Prosecution’s case**

6 The Prosecution’s case was simple and may be briefly stated. The appellant
was observed by Mr Tan Yong Liang (“Tan”), a security officer with the
supermarket, to be behaving suspiciously. Tan saw the appellant take the
carton from the inside of the supermarket and place it on his right shoulder.
The appellant then walked through the side door of the supermarket, past two
cashier counters along the corridor outside (“the corridor”) and headed
towards the car park behind the supermarket. The appellant did not pay for the
carton.

7 The premises of the supermarket were clearly considered by its proprietors
to include the corridor, as this was where cashier counters were located and
goods displayed for sale in wheeled trolleys and racks. These displays were
occasionally re-arranged. A customer, according to Tan, would only be
considered to have left the premises of the supermarket if he went beyond the
last point where the goods were displayed along the corridor. However, Tan
would only stop a customer who had not paid for an item from the store if he
had moved some 15 to 30m from that point.

8 Tan stopped the appellant at a position near the car park behind the
supermarket, which was quite a distance past the last point where goods were
displayed on the day in question. He identified himself as a security officer
of the supermarket and asked the appellant why he had not made payment for the
carton. The appellant, in response, said that he had no money and threw the
carton down. Tan then forcefully subdued the appellant and pinned him to the
ground. Tan thereafter detained him in the supermarket’s office until the
police were called to arrest the appellant.

**The appellant’s version**

9 The appellant did not dispute that he had the carton with him at the
material time but claimed that Tan had accosted him without legitimate reason
as he was still within the premises of the supermarket, browsing along the
corridor. Tan, without identifying himself, had grabbed him from behind,
pinned him to the ground and proceeded to punch and kick him for no apparent
reason.

10 The appellant claimed also that he had with him a rucksack slung on his
back containing a fax machine, a pouch around his waist and a paper bag
containing several items including his wallet. When Tan attacked him, his
belongings were scattered on the ground. He claimed that he did not recover
some of these items, including his wallet, after his arrest.

11 The appellant relied solely on the testimony of one Mohd Ridhwan bin Abu
Bakar (“Ridhwan”) to corroborate his version of events. The appellant had
apparently met Ridhwan by chance for the first time approximately one month
before the trial.

**The decision below**

12 The district judge preferred the Prosecution’s version of events after
considering the testimonies of the witnesses from both sides. She found the
witnesses for the Defence, the appellant and Ridhwan, to be unreliable. As a
result, the district judge was able to make the crucial finding of fact that
the appellant was indeed apprehended by Tan outside the premises of the
supermarket. The conviction of the appellant for the offence under s 380 of
the PC stood upon this finding of fact, as it established that there was a
taking of the carton without the consent of the person in possession of it,
and that there was a dishonest intention on the appellant’s part to take the
carton. I shall now explain why this is so.

13 Theft, as defined in s 378 of the PC, requires a lack of consent on the
part of the person whose movable property is dishonestly taken from his
possession, before it can be fully constituted. Explanation 5 to s 378 of the
PC states that such consent may be express or implied. In my view, a
shopkeeper consents, at least impliedly, to his customers taking and holding
on to any of the items in full view within the store while shopping. This is
so, even if the customer is holding on to the item with the intention of
stealing it, for the simple reason that theft is not an inchoate offence.
_Mens rea_ alone will not be sufficient, and the would-be shoplifter who
desists after reconsideration will not be considered a thief.

14 Conversely, the proprietor or person in possession of a store or
supermarket does not, in the ordinary course of business, consent to patrons
taking merchandise out of the premises of the store without making payment.
Such taking, coupled with dishonesty, would constitute theft and would be a
clear case where consent would not exist. The finding that the appellant was
apprehended outside the premises of the supermarket with the carton for which
he had not paid would therefore establish this. There will be cases that are
less straightforward, and these will turn on the existence of the shopkeeper’s
consent to the particular manner of taking by the accused and the individual
facts. Suffice it to say that it is not my view that leaving the premises of
the store without making payment for an item is _necessary_ for theft to be
committed, although it would certainly be sufficient.

15 The next ingredient in question, which becomes relevant only once the lack
of consent is established, is the _mens rea_ element of dishonest intention. I
held in _Er Joo Nguang v PP_ [2000] 2 SLR 645 at [39] that:

The issue of dishonest intent has to be considered with reference to ss 23 and
24 of the Penal Code. Section 24 of the PC states that ‘whoever does anything
with the intention of causing wrongful gain to one person, or wrongful loss to
another person, is said to do that thing dishonestly’. According to s 23,
‘wrongful gain’ is gain, by unlawful means, of property to which the person
gaining it is not legally entitled, and ‘wrongful loss’ is loss, by unlawful
means, of property to which the person losing it is legally entitled. An
accused person’s dishonest intention cannot be directly proved, and has to be
inferred from the conduct of the accused and also from the surrounding
circumstances: see _Amritlal v Bajranglal_ [1963] 2 Cri LJ 474 at p 475.

The Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) submitted that the finding that the
appellant had been stopped outside the premises of the supermarket after
having taken the carton without payment, and therefore without legal
entitlement, led obviously to the inference of a dishonest intention. I was of
the view that this approach is defensible in so far as no legal defence was
available to the appellant in light of my comments in _Er Joo Nguang_. No
legal defence was raised at trial. The appellant’s attempt to prove that he
did have enough money on him to pay for the carton would not have assisted him
much even if it had been accepted. The ability to pay does not, by itself,
negative an intention to steal. Contrariwise, the finding made by the district
judge that the appellant did not lose his wallet and he therefore never had
enough money to pay for the carton quite clearly strengthens the inference
that the appellant possessed the requisite dishonest intention.

**The appeal**

16 This appeal, therefore, could only have succeeded if the appellant had
convinced me that the finding of fact by the district judge that he was
stopped outside the premises of the supermarket was wrong: _PP v Azman bin
Abdullah_ [1998] 2 SLR 704. It is trite law that an appellate court is
reluctant to overturn a trial judge’s finding of fact, especially where it
hinges upon an assessment of the credibility and veracity of the witnesses, as
it does here: _Yap Giau Beng Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656. The appellate
court does not have the advantages of seeing and hearing the witnesses and
will defer to those findings: _Ameer Akbar v Abdul Hamid_ [1997] 1 SLR 113,
_Kong See Chew v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 94. The critical issue for the appellant was
therefore whether the district judge was plainly wrong in her assessment of
the witnesses: _Garmaz s/o Pakhar v PP_ [1995] 3 SLR 701. The district judge
had found the key prosecution witness to be a witness of truth. On the other
hand, the appellant and Ridhwan were found to be unreliable witnesses.

**_The credibility of the key prosecution witness, Tan_**

17 Counsel for the appellant submitted that Tan had a motive to falsely
implicate the appellant, and that the Prosecution thus bore the burden of
disproving such motive. The case of _Khoo Kwoon Hain v PP_ [1995] 2 SLR 767
was cited in support of this proposition. In _Khoo Kwoon Hain_ , the appellant
had been charged in the district court on two counts of aggravated outraging
of modesty under s 354A(1) of the PC. In that case, all that was before the
court was a bare allegation and a bare denial. The district judge relied upon
the uncorroborated allegations of the complainant and convicted the appellant
below. I was not satisfied that the complainant’s evidence was unusually
convincing and I allowed the appeal. I held at 781, [70] that:

In my view, if a trial judge is going to rely on the fact that the complainant
had no reason to falsely accuse the appellant, then this should be found as a
fact based on credible evidence. There is no evidence at all on this. The
burden of proving a lack of motive to falsely implicate the appellant is on
the prosecution. Even though the prosecution was making a negative assertion,
the burden of proof is still on it. It is not for the defendant to prove that
the complainant had some reason to falsely accuse him. This is a fact that
would be wholly within the complainant’s knowledge and nobody else’s. The
defence therefore cannot be expected to prove this. … It is precisely because
there can well be reasons why a complainant would make false allegations
against an accused that it is often unsafe to convict in cases of sexual
offences where there is no independent evidence to corroborate the
complainant’s evidence.

_Kwoo Kwoon Hain_ was a case concerning sexual offences where the court had
little to go on apart from a bare allegation and a bare denial, and my
comments there should be read in that context. The principles enunciated
there, however, were relevant. In the present appeal, I had sufficient
material before me highlighted by the Prosecution to consider the correctness
of the district judge’s finding of credibility.

18 The appellant claimed that Tan had assaulted him for no apparent reason on
the day in question, and as a result he suffered injuries consistent with
those detailed in the medical report admitted into evidence. The district
judge had found, however, that any assault by Tan on the appellant was
irrelevant to her acceptance of Tan as a credible witness. I was unable to
agree with the district judge on this. If Tan had indeed assaulted the
appellant without reason as alleged, then the very veracity and motivations of
Tan’s testimony would certainly have been in doubt and would have been
relevant since Tan’s testimony was the pillar of the conviction on the charge.
However, I was not convinced that the district judge’s assessment of
credibility in relation to Tan was wrong.

19 The following question should have been posed. Were the injuries detailed
in the medical report consistent with Tan’s version of events? I answered this
question in the positive. The minor injuries suffered by the appellant were
very possibly sustained while Tan was forcibly detaining the appellant when he
pinned the appellant to the ground. The district judge would therefore have
been entitled to find that there was no unwarranted assault, and as such no
motive for Tan to falsely implicate the appellant. Such a finding would have
been an inference from the basic facts that the district judge could have made
but did not. It is settled law, as I have held in cases such as _Soh Yang Tick
v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 42, that as an appellate judge, I am fully competent and in
as good a position as the district judge to draw the inference which I did.

20 Save for this, the district judge had rightly taken all other relevant
considerations into account, and these, taken with her observation of Tan’s
demeanour in court, were entirely sufficient in supporting her conclusion as
to his credibility:

(a)  Tan had 18 years of experience as the security guard of the supermarket
and would have known that it would be wrong to accuse a customer of theft
while the customer was still within the premises.

(b)  It was crowded and there was no reason whatsoever for Tan to have
disrupted the business of the supermarket without basis.

(c)  Tan and the appellant were strangers who were not known to each other
before the day in question.

**_The credibility of the appellant_**

21 The district judge gave her reasons for concluding that the appellant was
not a truthful witness. She held that the appellant had conjured up a claim
that he had other belongings, including a wallet containing $80 at the time of
his detention by Tan, so as to support his contention that he had intended to
pay for the drinks. The district judge was also clearly unimpressed with the
fact that the appellant had faltered during cross-examination when questioned
on the details of his personal belongings that he had brought on the day
itself. In particular, she justifiably found that the appellant, when trapped
by his own conflicting answers, was being evasive when he simply said, “I
forgot lah, so many things I forgot”.

22 I found that the evidence, highlighted by the DPP, cast a sense that the
defence of the appellant was a crafted afterthought. The appellant never
mentioned, at the time of his arrest, any facts to support his defence at
trial that Tan had accosted him for no reason and had implicated him falsely
for theft. All he said at the point of his arrest was “Sir, I was drunk. I do
not know what happened.” Likewise, in his long statement, he states simply
that “I have three children to feed. My wife is not working. I don’t intend to
actually steal the red bull. That’s all.” The appellant also did not make
mention of his allegedly missing wallet and belongings until the day after his
arrest.

23 I also found the appellant’s version of his behaviour at the supermarket on
the day of his arrest highly improbable. He was apparently still browsing at
goods displayed in the corridor, carrying a rucksack containing a fax machine,
a paper bag containing several electronic items _and_ a whole carton of 24
canned drinks on his shoulder, when Tan attacked him. It was difficult to
believe that a shopper would browse in a store carrying so many unwieldy items
when he could have easily picked up the heavy items he intended to buy just
before making payment at the cashier.

**_The credibility of Ridhwan_**

24 The district judge was of the view that Ridhwan, like the appellant, was an
unreliable witness and she adverted to “a vast difference in their
descriptions of the incident”. The appellant had testified that Tan had pulled
him down from his back, pinned him on the floor, and while his right cheek was
on the floor, rained blows on him. This evidence is at odds with the version
given by Ridhwan, which is that Tan was behind the appellant while the
appellant was in a crouching position with both fists by the side of his head
when Tan assaulted him. I took the point raised by counsel for the appellant
that Tan and the appellant were not static and may not have maintained only
one position from the beginning to the end of their struggle. However, this
discrepancy was sufficient to support the district judge’s finding of
Ridhwan’s lack of credibility. Again, I was mindful of the fact that I did not
have the district judge’s benefit of observing Ridhwan’s demeanour in court.

25 There was another aspect of Ridhwan’s testimony that gave rise to doubt.
Ridhwan had stated in court that he had seen the incident only briefly and
that he had walked away from the scene, as he was frightened. As such, I found
it inconsistent with his firm assertion in court that he could recognise the
appellant clearly by the pimples on his face and that he was absolutely
certain of the position where Tan was supposedly seen assaulting the
appellant.

26 Counsel for the appellant raised the case of _Browne v Dunn_ (1893) 6 R 67,
which was applied in _Arts Niche Cyber Distribution Pte Ltd v PP_ [1999] 4 SLR
111. _Browne v Dunn_ stands for the proposition that a witness’s credibility
should not be impeached without him being given the opportunity in cross-
examination to explain his evidence. Any allegation that this principle was
breached at trial was totally baseless, since Ridhwan was cross-examined by
the DPP at trial. In particular, the question was put to him as to his very
presence at the scene. The district judge legitimately discounted the weight
of his evidence nevertheless, concluding on the facts that no weight was to be
accorded to the fact that Ridhwan could pinpoint the position of the incident
from the photographs already in the possession of the Defence.

27 The district judge was therefore fully entitled to prefer the Prosecution’s
version, and I declined to disturb the concomitant finding that the appellant
was indeed apprehended outside the premises of the supermarket.

**Conclusion**

28 For the foregoing reasons, I dismissed the appeal against conviction.

Appeal against conviction dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Feb 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

