Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Re Kotjo Johanes Budisutrisno, ex parte International Factors Leasing Pte
Ltd  
[2004] SGHC 133

Case Number | : | Bankruptcy 4138/2003, RA 35/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 June 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Intekhab Khan (M and A Law Corporation) for debtor; Sean Lim (Hin Tat Augustine and Partners) for petitioning creditors   
Parties | : | —  
  
Insolvency Law – Bankruptcy – Jurisdiction – Whether r 102(2) Bankruptcy Rules
operating as time frame within which to make application for leave to amend
petition – Whether injustice to debtor caused if amendment allowed – Rules
102(2), 104 Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2002 Rev Ed), s 60 Bankruptcy Act
(Cap 20, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  

14 June 2004

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 This was an appeal by the debtor, Johanes Budisutrisno Kotjo (“Kotjo”),
against the order of the assistant registrar made on 9 February 2004 granting
the petitioning creditors, International Factors Leasing Pte Ltd, leave to
amend the bankruptcy petition filed on 9 October 2003. The short point of the
appeal, which I dismissed with costs fixed at $700 on 10 March 2004, was
whether this petition could be amended. On 6 April 2004, Kotjo appealed
against my decision.

2 The statement in para 1 of the petition in its original form was presented
on the basis that:

The Debtor has within the period of one year immediately preceding the date of
the presentation of this Petition been domiciled and/or ordinarily resident in
Singapore within the jurisdiction of this Court.

3 The assistant registrar granted leave to amend para 1 of the petition in the
following manner:

The Debtor is domiciled in Singapore and/or has property in Singapore and/or
has, within the period of one year immediately preceding the date of the
presentation of the Petition (i) been ordinarily resident or has had a place
of residence in Singapore; or (ii) carried on business in Singapore. The
Debtor is a Singapore permanent resident and is the owner of and resides at
the property No 10 Cuscaden Walk #23-01, Singapore 249694. He is also the
director and/or shareholder in various companies and businesses in Singapore.

4 On 12 November 2003, an application was filed on Kotjo’s behalf to set aside
the petition for several reasons. One of the reasons was that he was not
ordinarily resident within the jurisdiction. Neither was he domiciled in
Singapore. Moreover, since 2000, he had ceased all his business activities in
Singapore. The petitioning creditors then applied to amend para 1 of the
petition on 12 January 2004. In support of the application to amend, Doreen
Chia Lee Yoon, Assistant Vice President of the petitioning creditors, filed an
affidavit on 12 January 2004. She deposed that Kotjo has property in Singapore
in that he is the owner of 10 Cuscaden Walk #23-01, Singapore 249694. In
addition, he has had, within the period of one year preceding the date of
presentation of the petition, a place of residence in Singapore or carried on
business in Singapore. Various searches were exhibited to her affidavit to
show ownership of the property and his directorship and shareholdings in
various companies. Kotjo, on 8 February 2004, filed an affidavit in reply
refuting the allegations as untrue. As stated, leave was granted by the
assistant registrar to amend para 1 of the petition in the manner set out in
[3].

5 Kotjo opposed the grant of leave to amend. His counsel, Mr Intekhab Khan,
argued that the court has no jurisdiction to grant leave to amend the petition
as the application to amend was made after expiry of the four months
prescribed by r 102(2) of the Bankruptcy Rules (Cap 20, R 1, 2002 Rev Ed)
(“the Rules”) for presenting a petition. However, if the court has
jurisdiction to entertain the application, no leave to amend should be
granted, as the amendment was to add new facts and grounds after expiry of the
prescribed four months. By analogy with the principle that leave should not be
given to a plaintiff to amend his writ or statement of claim to add a new
cause of action which is already time barred by the time of the application to
amend, it was argued that leave should not be given to amend the petition to
introduce new facts or grounds after the prescribed period of four months had
lapsed.

6 In support of his argument, counsel referred me to _ABC Co v XYZ Co Ltd_
[2003] 3 SLR 546. In that case, the applicant sought leave to amend the
originating motion to set aside an arbitration award. Under Art 34 of the
UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Arbitration, which is found in
the First Schedule to the International Arbitration Act (Cap 143A, 2002 Rev
Ed), an application to set aside an arbitral award may not be made after the
lapse of three months from the date on which the applicant had received the
award. The originating motion set out two grounds as bases for setting aside
the award. The applicant sought leave, after expiry of the statutory period of
three months, to amend the originating motion to add six new grounds. Judith
Prakash J held that the application to amend an originating motion should be
governed by O 20 r 5(2) and O 20 r 5(5) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
1997 Rev Ed). Such an amendment will be allowed only if the proposed new
grounds arise out of the same facts or substantially the same facts as the
grounds originally specified.

7 In my view, Mr Khan’s argument is unmeritorious and counsel’s reliance on
_ABC Co v XYZ Co Ltd_ is misplaced. The decision is of no assistance even
though cited as an analogy.

8 The prescribed period in r 102(2) of the Rules is for presentation of a
petition based on a statutory demand. Rule 102(2) provides that “[t]he
petition shall not be presented if the statutory demand was served more than 4
months before the date of presentation of the petition”. It does not
contemplate that a statutory demand should be available as the foundation or
basis for a petition more than four months after service of that particular
statutory demand. The present application for leave to amend the petition was
not concerned with introducing a different statutory demand into this petition
after the prescribed period. Simply put, r 102(2) of the Rules is not meant to
operate as a time frame within which to make an application for leave to amend
a petition to cover the requirements of s 60 of the Bankruptcy Act (Cap 20,
2000 Rev Ed) (“the Act”), which is a different provision conferring
jurisdiction on the court to make a bankruptcy order.

9 My view is reinforced by s 13 of the Act. Section 13 provides that “[t]he
court may _at any time_ amend any written process or proceedings upon such
terms, if any, as it may think fit” [emphasis added]. The language is in plain
and unfettered terms and the power is expressly exercisable at any time.

10 Counsel for the petitioning creditors, Mr Sean Lim, argued that the
amendment to para 1 of the petition was to ensure that the petition complied
with r 104 of the Rules by stating the grounds on which the petitioning
creditors believed that s 60(i)(c) of the Act had been satisfied so as to
confer jurisdiction on the court to make the bankruptcy order. In addition,
the amendment was to include additional grounds like the debtor’s property in
Singapore, his place of residence and that the debtor had carried on business
in Singapore within the relevant period. I agree with Mr Lim that the decision
of _Medical Equipment Credit Pte Ltd v Sim Kiok Lan Alice_ [1999] 1 SLR 70
referred by Mr Khan is distinguishable. The position here is quite different
and it is about seeking an amendment to cure defects before the actual hearing
of the application to set aside the petition. The Court of Appeal in _Medical
Equipment Credit Pte Ltd v Sim Kiok Lan Alice_ did not deal with the question
of amendment. The defects there concerned non-compliance with s 61 of the Act.
The petition stated that the debtor was unable to pay the debt without stating
the precise amount of the debt owed by the debtor and without showing what was
precisely the debt. The criticisms and ruling of the Court of Appeal was in
respect of s 61 and not s 60 of the Act. The appellants had merely reproduced
in the petition, in abbreviated form, ss 60 and 61 of the Act. L P Thean JA at
[18] and [19] said:

While it may be said that this paragraph complies with s 60 of the Act in that
it says that the debtor is domiciled in Singapore and/or has within the period
of one year immediately preceding the date of presentation of the petition
been ordinarily resident or has had a place of residence in Singapore or has
carried on business in Singapore, it certainly does not comply with s 61 of
the Act. …

... Secondly and more importantly, r 104 of the Rules requires the appellants
to explain how the conditions and grounds specified in ss 60 and 61
respectively have been satisfied. That clearly the appellants had not done, in
so far as s 61 is concerned.

11 As stated, the court is given wide powers under s 13 of the Act to amend
any written process or proceedings. There is also r 278 of the Rules, which
provides:

Non-compliance with any of these Rules or with any rule of practice shall not
render any proceeding void unless the court so directs, but such proceeding
may be set aside wholly or in part, amended or otherwise dealt with in such
manner and upon such terms as the court thinks fit.

The importance of compliance with r 104 of the Rules where s 60 of the Act is
concerned cannot be denied. However, it does not lead automatically to the
conclusion that a bankruptcy petition that contravenes r 104 of the Rules
cannot be cured by amendment. Neither the language of s 13 nor r 278 compels
that result. In appropriate cases, the court should allow an amendment of the
petition rather than dismissing it as Judith Prakash J did in _Re Wong Kin
Heng, ex parte Imperial Steel Drum Manufacturers Sdn Bhd_ [1998] SGHC 237.

12 To illustrate, in _Re Wong Kin Heng, ex parte Imperial Steel Drum
Manufacturers Sdn Bhd_ , Prakash J initially heard arguments on an appeal
against the issue of a bankruptcy order. The arguments were whether the
creditors had established the basis of the court’s jurisdiction in that the
debtor had been resident in or carrying on business on Singapore within the
period of one year prior to the filing of the petition. The debtor there filed
a notice of intention to oppose the petition contesting the jurisdiction of
the court on the aforementioned basis. Prakash J allowed the appeal but did
not dismiss the petition, preferring an intermediate position. Leave was
granted to the petitioning creditors to amend the petition to state the
grounds on which they believed that s 60(1)© of the Act had been satisfied so
that the petition after amendment might in due course be reheard. The
petitioning creditors amended the petition. The debtor filed a fresh notice of
intention to oppose the petition. The notice was heard and dismissed. On
appeal, the matter was before Prakash J and this time around, the appeal
centred on the status of the statutory demand, which does not concern me here.

13 The court will naturally not permit any amendment, nor will the court
validate invalid proceedings, unless it is satisfied that by so doing no
injustice is done to other parties: _per_ Farwell J in _In re Small;
Westminster Bank v Trustee_ [1934] Ch 541 at 545. Those words remain relevant
today. I had to consider whether it was possible in a case of this kind for
the court to permit the amendment of the petition. The petitioning creditors
wished to amend the petition to correct the petition so as not to contravene r
104 of the Rules and to further rely on other grounds in s 60 of the Act to
confer jurisdiction on the court to make the bankruptcy order. It was implicit
from Mr Khan’s arguments that the petitioning creditors could amend if leave
to amend was sought before the expiry of the four months’ period, _ie_ on or
before 9 October 2003. He was not suggesting, and quite rightly, that the
court has no power to allow such an amendment. The opposition was not due to
the introduction of new grounds and compliance with r 104 of the Rules but in
the amendments not taking place within the prescribed four months. Be that as
it may, having decided that the four months in r 102(2) of the Rules did not
apply, there was nothing to the argument that the petition was not capable of
being made good by amendment on the analogy that it amounted to adding a new
cause of action after a time bar.

14 It was also not Kotjo’s case that he would be prejudiced by the amendments.
There was no injustice to Kotjo in allowing the amendments to para 1 of the
petition. It was still open to him to take the point at the hearing of his
application to set aside the bankruptcy petition that s 60 of the Act was not
satisfied. Kotjo’s application to set aside the petition was adjourned to 12
April 2004 to be heard by the Registrar. Besides, the affidavits filed on both
sides already canvassed the possible grounds on which jurisdiction on the
bankruptcy might be founded. The amendments did no more than to state, in para
1 of the petition, matters which were already in dispute between the parties.
It was sensible that the petition reflected the full scope of the
jurisdictional dispute. The amendment was also to comply with r 104 of the
Rules.

15 Under those circumstances, in my judgment, there was jurisdiction to accede
to the application to amend the petition and this was a proper case to do so.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jun 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

