Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Thia Tong Mui Phyllis v Yam Chor Hua  
[2004] SGHC 56

Case Number | : | Suit 141/2003, NM 76/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 March 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Ho Su Ching AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Mr Tan Chee Kiong (Seah Ong and Partners) for plaintiff; Mr Joseph Goh and Mr Leonard Lim (Vincent Lim and Joseph Goh) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Thia Tong Mui Phyllis — Yam Chor Hua   
  
16 March 2004

**Assistant Registrar Ho Su Ching:**

The plaintiff, who is currently 33 years old, suffered injuries as a result of
a motor accident. She was riding a motorcycle when a car driven by the
defendant collided into her on 21 February 2000. As a result of the accident,
the plaintiff sustained injuries to her lumbar vertebra, right leg, left knee
and the first metacarpal bone of the left hand. Interlocutory judgment in
default of appearance was entered against the defendant on 12 March 2003 for
damages to be assessed by a Registrar.

2 The plaintiff’s claim for general and special damages comprises the
following:

**General Damages**

(i) Compression fracture of the L4 vertebrae $14,000 (agreed)

(ii) Upper fracture of the right tibia and fibula $24,000 (agreed)

(iii) Closed fracture of the left 1st metacarpal $ 4,000 (agreed)

(iv) Left knee injury $16,000 (agreed)

(v) Scarring $ 4,000 (agreed)

(vi) Loss of earning capacity $ 75,000

(vii) Future medical procedures $ 40,000.00

**Special Damages**

(i) Medical expenses $ 46,659.58 (agreed)

(ii) Other medical expenses $ 1,085.00 (agreed)

(iii) Transport expenses $ 92.10 (agreed)

(iv) Loss of earnings during medical leave $ 3,916.83 (agreed)

(v) Transport claim for purchase of motorcar

and related expenses $117,881.99

3 Parties agreed on all the items claimed save for the loss of earning
capacity, cost of future medical procedures and the transport claim for the
purchase and upkeep of a second hand car.

4 The plaintiff is currently a teacher in Deiyi Secondary School. She teaches
a combination of classes including English, computer application, civics and
moral education and physical education. Physical education classes make up
about 40 percent of the classes that she teaches.

**Medical Evidence**

5 The plaintiff called two medical experts, Dr Ngian Kite Seng and Dr James
Lee while the defence called Dr W C Chang. All three doctors are orthopaedic
surgeons in private practice.

6 In relation to the L4 veterbrae compression fracture, the doctors generally
agreed that although fracture had healed with some residual decompression, the
plaintiff is likely to suffer from a permanent residual backache in the lumbar
region and recommended future sessions of physiotherapy.

7 As for the severe open fracture of the right tibia and fibula, the medical
evidence was that the fracture has since united and the plaintiff has full
range of motion of the right knee but a permanent loss of ankle dorsi-flexion.
Dr Chang was of the view that this loss of residual flexibility to the right
ankle was of no great significance when looking at the ankle functionally and
in terms of day to day activities. In relation to the local pain and
tenderness that the plaintiff is still experiencing in her leg, the doctors
were in agreement that the symptoms, which are caused by the intermedullary
nail, would resolve upon its removal.

8 In relation to the close fracture of the left 1st metacarpal, Dr Chang who
examined the plaintiff in April 2003, found the left thumb fracture to have
united and the thumb to have a full range of motion. Dr Lee agreed with Dr
Chang that there was a union of the fracture. However, he was unable to
comment on the current thumb range motion as the last time that he measured
the thumb range motion was in 2001. Dr Ngian did not give evidence in relation
to this aspect of the plaintiff’s injury.

9 Regarding the left knee injury, all three doctors found the left knee to be
unstable due to a tear of the posterior cruciate ligament (“PCL”) and
recommended PCL reconstruction surgery. All the doctors held the similar view
that the surgery would serve to stabilise the joint, lower the risk of
osteoarthritis and prevent further damage.

**Loss of Earning Capacity**

10 It is trite law that an award for loss of earning capacity is made when at
the time of the trial, there is a _risk_ that the plaintiff may lose his
employment at some time in the future _and_ may then be, as a result of the
injury, at a disadvantage in getting another or an equally paid job. See _Teo
Sing Keng v Sim Ban Kiat_ [1994] 1 SLR 634. In other words, this award is to
compensate the weakening of the plaintiff’s competitive position in the open
market in the event that the plaintiff was to lose his current employment.

11 In light of this, I found it rather curious that the plaintiff even made a
claim under this head as the evidence clearly shows that the risk of the
plaintiff losing her current employment was not in issue. In fact, by her own
evidence, the plaintiff agreed that she is still able to continue teaching
despite her injury and that the risk of her losing her current job as a
teacher in the future is negligible.

12 In any event, I was also of the view that the plaintiff’s grounds for
making a claim under this head were unsustainable on the evidence. These
grounds are namely that her ability to teach physical education and her career
advancement is affected by her injuries and consequent disabilities.

13 While I agree that the plaintiff’s disabilities would hamper her ability to
perform certain active sports like long distance running, jumping, rock
climbing etc, I found that they do not disadvantage her in terms of her
overall performance as a teacher. I am supported in this view by the fact that
after the accident, she was promoted twice in a matter of 3 years and is now
enjoying a salary that is nearly double that of her pre-accident pay. Surely,
this must mean that her employers hold the view that, in spite of her
disabilities, her overall performance is still of such a calibre as to merit
the promotions. In fact, since the accident, the plaintiff has gone on to
attain the highest grade possible for a teacher in her division. As the
plaintiff explained, the next advancement in her career, assuming that she
does not further her studies to obtain a degree, would be an appointment as
the Head of Department.

14 In relation to this, the plaintiff claimed that she had good prospects to
be promoted to the Head of Department and that her prospects have, as a result
of the accident, diminished. I found this argument to be a non-starter. Quite
apart from the fact the plaintiff’s claim that she had good promotional
prospects was based on her own assessment of her ability and unsubstantiated
by independent evidence, there was also no evidence that she would no longer
stand a chance to be promoted to a Head of Department as a result of her
injuries and consequent disabilities.

15 Based on these reasons, I made no award under this head.

Future Medical Costs

16 The plaintiff’s claim of $40,000 under this head comprises the following:

(i) PCL reconstruction for the left knee $ 12,000 (agreed)

(ii) Removal of implant at right leg $ 5,000

(iii) Physiotherapy for the back $ 5,000

(iv) Removal of implant in left thumb $ 3,000

(v) Cosmetic Surgery for scars $ 15,000

17 The defendant agreed in principal to (ii) and (iii) but disputed the
quantum claimed. Items (iv) and (v) were disputed.

18 For item (ii), Dr Ngian’s estimate was $5,000 ($2,000 for surgical fee and  
$3,000 for hospitalisation). This was slightly above Dr Chang’s estimate of
$2,200 to $2,900. The difference in the estimate was because Dr Chang’s
estimate is based on a 1-day stay in hospital whereas Dr Ngian’s estimate is
based on a 3-day stay. I was of the view that a 2-day stay in the hospital is
reasonable and thus awarded the sum of **$4,000**.

19 In relation to item (iii), the plaintiff submitted that she was willing to
claim based on Dr Chang’s estimate of 12 sessions of physiotherapy per year
for 4 to 5 years. However, she felt that the cost per session should be higher
than Dr Chang’s estimate of $70. This was because Dr Ngian had estimated the
cost at $70 to $100 per session and Dr Lee at $100 per session. I accepted the
plaintiff’s argument and awarded the sum of **$5,000**.

20 As for item (iv), Dr Chang recommended that implant can be left in situ
permanently. However, Dr Ngian, while agreeing that the removal of the implant
can be an option if the patient has no complaints, recommended the implant to
be removed in the plaintiff’s case. He explained that given that the plaintiff
is relatively young, the removal of the implant would guard against the risk
of any complications should a subsequent injury occur in the same area. I
accepted Dr Ngian’s evidence and awarded the sum of **$3,000** for this item.

21 The defendant disputed the claim for cosmetic surgery on the basis that it
does not improve the plaintiff’s medical well-being and was only a cosmetic
consideration. It is not disputed that the plaintiff has large scars on her
right shin, right thigh, right knee and right hip and multiple small scars
over her right leg. While I agree that cosmetic surgery is not a medical
indication, I found that the presence of these multiple scars to have a
negative psychological impact on the plaintiff and that it affects her self-
esteem. In the premises, I found the claim for cosmetic surgery to be
reasonable. However, taking into account that the parties had agreed upon
$4,000 for pain and suffering as a result of the scars, I awarded the sum of
**$11,000** under this head.

Transport Claim

22 The basis for the plaintiff’s claim for the cost of a second hand car and
expenses to upkeep the car is because the plaintiff can no longer ride her
motorcycle as a result of the accident. According to the plaintiff, the loss
of the ability to ride a motorcycle, which gave her the freedom to move
around, represents an actual tangible loss to the plaintiff since she can no
longer continue her usual mode of transportation.

23 I found this to be a disproportionate and groundless claim. Various
authorities were cited in an attempt to support her claim but I did not
consider them relevant nor helpful to the present case. It is interesting to
note that the plaintiff claims to have difficulty commuting by public
transport as a result of her injuries and yet could tell this Court that she
can brisk walk alongside her students for up to 30 minutes when coaching the
netball team. Be that as it may, the clear medical evidence from Dr Chang and
Dr Ngian is that the plaintiff is fully able to travel by public transport. In
fact, Dr Chang was of the view that commuting by public transport (even if she
were to stand during the journey) would cause less stress to her back than
driving as driving in itself can be very stressful. True, the plaintiff is
medically advised against riding a motorcycle and true, she can most certainly
choose to commute by driving instead of taking a bus or taxi. But claiming
against the defendant for the cost of her car and expenses to upkeep one is
quite another matter. In so doing, she is asserting that driving a car and
riding a motorcycle are perfect substitutes for each other and, more
importantly, that she would have never stopped riding a motorcycle or
eventually upgrade to a car had she not sustained the injuries. To make such
an award would clearly be giving the plaintiff a windfall.

Conclusion

24 In conclusion, I assessed the damages to the plaintiff as :

(i) General damages for pain and suffering $ 62,000.00 (agreed)

(ii) Loss of earning capacity no award

(iii) Medical expenses $ 46,659.58 (agreed)

(iv) Other medical expenses $ 1,085.00 (agreed)

(v) Transport expenses $ 92.10 (agreed)

(vi) Loss of earnings during medical leave $ 3,916.83 (agreed)

(vii) Future medical procedures $ 35,000.00

(viii) Transport claim for purchase of motorcar

and related expenses no award

__________

**Total _$ 148,753.51_**

25 I awarded interest at 6% per annum from the date of service of writ to the
date of judgment on general damages for pain and suffering. Interest on
special damages incurred before the date of judgment was awarded at 3% per
annum from the date of the accident to the date of the judgment.

26 The usual consequential orders will apply. I will hear parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Mar 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

