Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2297 v Seasons Park Ltd  
[2004] SGHC 142

Case Number | : | Suit 827/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 01 July 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  MPH Rubin J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leo Cheng Suan (Infinitus Law Corporation) for plaintiff; Christopher Chuah and Lee Hwai Bin (Wong Partnership) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2297 — Seasons Park Ltd   
  
1 July 2004

MPH Rubin J:

1 This registrar’s appeal concerns discovery of documents in an action
commenced by the management corporation of a condominium against a developer.
The background facts which surround the dispute between the parties are as
follows.

2 The plaintiff, a management corporation constituted under the provisions of
the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed), represents 390 homeowners
of a condominium known as Seasons Park. The defendant is the developer of
Seasons Park and was responsible for its proper construction. The development
of the project began in or around 1996 and the certificate of statutory
completion was issued in or around 28 February 1998. In so far as is material
under cl 9(1) of the sale and purchase agreement between the defendant and the
purchasers of the units at Seasons Park, it was agreed by the defendant, as
the developer/vendor, as follows:

The Vendor shall as soon as possible build the unit together with all the
common property of the Building and the Housing Project in a good and
workmanlike manner according to the Specifications and the plans approved by
the Building Authority and other authorities.

3 The plaintiff was duly constituted on or around 27 May 1999. The plaintiff’s
first annual general meeting was convened on 24 June 2001 when the plaintiff
took over from the defendant the control, management and administration of the
common property of Seasons Park, for the benefit of all the subsidiary
proprietors.

4 Since or around the year 2000, several subsidiary proprietors had been
complaining to the defendant of water ingress in the rooftops of the
residential units and defects in elevators, windows, the car park, lift
lobbies, the clubhouse, swimming pools, floors, walls, tennis courts and other
areas of the common property. The defendant reportedly attempted to effect
repairs to the property but the complaints persisted.

5 The plaintiff then commissioned a firm of building surveyors to study and
review the problems at the development. The report submitted by the said
surveyors concluded that the common property at the development had several
defects and that the defendant’s various attempts at rectifying the defects in
the rooftops and the elevators had been unsuccessful. A further report by the
surveyors also said that there was rainwater ingress in a substantial number
of the residential units.

6 Consequently, the plaintiff commenced this action against the defendant for
breach of duty as well as for breach of the sale and purchase agreement and
breach of an implied contract.[1] The main complaint of the plaintiff, as set
out in the statement of claim, is as follows:[2]

38\. From the very beginning, the Plaintiffs have not enjoyed the benefit of
having and/or enjoying properly plastered and painted elevations and leak-free
buildings. The stained elevations are an eyesore and diminished the value of
the Development. The Defendants are not keen to find a permanent solution to
all the problems, and are only prepared to do cheap short-terms patch repairs.

39\. The Defendants are and were in breach of their duty owed to the
Plaintiffs to construct and deliver the Development in a good workmanlike
manner, which breach caused damage and will cause loss to the Plaintiffs.

|  **_PARTICULARS_** |   
---|---|---  
  
(a) Failure to comply with standards set by local authorities and/or British
Standards.

(b) Failure to provide or adequately provide a waterproof membrane under/above
the exposed flat roofs and carpark.

(c) Failure to ensure that the elevations of the Development are adequately
waterproofed or free from water ingress and other defects.

(d) Failure generally to properly construct the Development in a good and
workmanlike manner.

(e) Failure to design waterproof roofs and elevations.

(f) Failure to implement anti-termite treatment adequately, or at all.

(g) Failure to inspect and/or supervise the contractors and/or sub-contractors
and/or architects’ works properly or at all thereby allowing the Defendants
their servants or agents to:

(i) breach their duty to construct the Development without defects,

(ii) carry out their works and/or methods or sequence of works and/or repairs
without proper skill and care.

(h) Failure to supervise the contractor, sub-contractor or Clerk of Works or
architects properly or at all.

(i) Failure to issue the necessary instructions or directions to the
contractor or sub-contractor or architects on the matters in relation to or
affecting the Development.

(j) Failure to pay adequate periodic and/or adequate visits to the Development
site during the construction and rectification works.

(k) Failure to exercise reasonable skill and care in relation to the design
and supervision of the construction of the Development so as to avoid:

(i) physical damage to any property or injury to persons; and

(ii) loss due to diminution in value arising from defects in the design and/or
construction of the Development.

(l) Failure to superintend the construction of the said works properly or at
all or to ascertain and remedy the absence of effective means to carry out
such draining.

(m) Failure to provide any proper precaution against infiltration of water at
the elevations, roofs, carpark, wall and windows.

(n) Failure to ensure that the pebbles-dash are bonded correctly, and do not
delaminate.

(o) Failure to provide proper doors at roof access, or to provide a shelter or
projection to protect the doors.

(p) Failure to exercise reasonable skill and care so as to avoid causing to
the Plaintiffs the costs and expenses which would be incurred by the
Plaintiffs in making good defects in the design of and/or construction of
and/or rectification works to the Development in order to avoid physical
damage to any property or injury to persons and/or to rectify the diminution
in value of the Development and the individual units within the Development.

(q) Failure to adhere to British Standard Code of Practice 5628 Part 3
formerly CP 121 Part 1 (code of Practice for Brick or Block Walling).

(r) Failure to adhere to British Standard PS 5262 on External Rendering.

(s) Failure to adhere to Singapore Construction Industry Development Board
(CIPB)’s CONQUAS assessment scheme on external walls; having visible cracks
and inadequate and/or unevenly painted surfaces.

(t) Failure to maintain or adequately maintain the common property up to
before the handing over to the Plaintiffs.

7 The defendant, no doubt, denies the plaintiff’s claim. Apart from some
general and specific denials, the defendant averred in the defence as
follows:[3]

18\. Save that the Plaintiffs have a duty to maintain the common property and
its fixtures and fittings pursuant to Section 48 of the LTSA, paragraph 29 of
the Statement of Claim is denied. The Defendants aver that they did not
undertake the design and construction of the Development. The design of the
Development and supervision of construction works were undertaken by
professional independent consultants engaged by the Defendants while an
independent Main Contractor engaged by the Defendants undertook the
construction and building works of the Development.

19\. Further, the Defendants aver that, even if paragraph 29 of the Statement
of Claim is true (which is denied), the Defendants aver that they had
delegated the construction of the Development to Poh Lian Construction Pte Ltd
(“the Main Contractor”) who are an independent contractor. In the
circumstances, the Defendants are not vicariously liable for the defaults of
the Main Contractor (if any) and/or have discharged their duty of care by
delegation to a reasonably competent independent contractor.

20\. Further and/or alternatively, the Defendants aver that even if paragraph
29 of the Statement of Claim is true (which is denied), Architects 61 (“the
Architects”) were the firm of architects appointed by the Defendants for the
Development and that the Architects accepted such employment as architects to
design and/or supervise the construction works on the Development. In the
circumstances, the Defendants are not vicariously liable for the defaults of
the Architects (if any) and/or have discharged their duty of care by
delegation of the design and/or supervision for the construction of the
Development to a reasonably competent independent consultant.

…

24\. The Defendants deny paragraph 39 of the Statement of Claim and reiterate
paragraph 15 herein.

|  **_PARTICULARS_** |   
---|---|---  
  
(1) The Defendants did not design the Development nor did the Defendants
supervise the construction works for the Development. The Defendants engaged
professional consultants to undertake the design of the Development and the
supervision of the construction of the Development in accordance with the
sales specifications and the approved building plans and in compliance with
statutory requirements.

(2) The Defendants did not carry out the construction works for the
Development. The Defendants engaged a reputable Main Contractor to carry out
the construction of the Development.

(3) The Architects are responsible for the design of the Development and
supervision of the construction works for the Development.

(4) The Main Contractor is responsible for the construction of the Development
and the workmanship in respect of such construction.

25\. Further or in the alternative, the Defendants aver that they had relied
on the Architects to provide a proper design for the Development and to
provide proper supervision of the construction works and had relied on the
Main Contractor to provide good workmanship in carrying out the building and
construction works. If there is any duty owed to the Plaintiff in respect of
design and construction, such duty had been delegated to an independent
consultant and independent contractor respectively, and the Defendants are not
liable for any damage and/or loss caused or occasioned by a breach of duty on
the part of the independent consultant and independent contractor
respectively.

8 There ensued the discovery process and in the event, there was an order by
the assistant registrar on 15 March 2004 granting discovery of some ten items
including architectural, structural, and mechanical and electrical (M&E)
drawings (“contract drawings”) and original specifications of the contracts
relating to the construction of the development (“contract specification”).

9 The defendant appealed against the said order in relation to most of the
discovery items. I heard the appeal on 21 April 2004. While the appeal was in
train, the court was informed that the parties had come to an amicable
arrangement in respect of a number of items forming the subject matter of the
notice of appeal. Only the contract drawings and contract specifications were
left for determination. After hearing arguments, I dismissed the defendant’s
appeal on the grounds that the said documents appeared relevant to the proper
determination of the issues at hand. On 28 April 2004, the defendant wrote to
the court requesting further arguments to be presented and these arguments
were heard by me on 28 June 2004.

10 The main thrust of the defendant’s arguments appear in the defendant’s
solicitors’ letter dated 28 April 2004. The relevant parts read as follows:

4\. The Respondents have founded their action in Suit No. 827 of 2003/B in
contract and in tort.

5\. In contract, the Respondents have relied on Clause 9(1) of the Sale &
Purchase Agreement and/or implied contract of the Sale & Purchase Agreement.
Alternatively, the Respondents have alleged that there was an implied contract
between the Appellants and themselves arising out of the acknowledgement by
the Appellants of the obligation to undertake appropriate repairs to the
Development and that the Appellants effected such repairs on diverse dates in
or around 2000 or thereabouts in consideration of forbearance to sue.

6\. The Appellants submit that in the local case of _RSP Architects Planners &
Engineers v Ocean Front Pte Ltd and another appeal_ [1996] 1 SLR 113 where
there was an argument raised by the MCST on whether they could find an action
in contract, the MCST relied similarly on the Sale & Purchase Agreement and no
other main contract or other documents. The Appellants submit that the
Respondents are similarly pursuing the claim in contract based on the Sale &
Purchase Agreement and should likewise be confined to the same. What is
glaringly obvious from the case of _RSP Architects_ is the omission of
reference to the main contract drawings and specifications in the trial.

7\. Further, the Respondents have alleged that the Appellants have been
negligent in the construction of the Development in tort. The Respondents are
relying on the breaches of normal industry standards and/or the Singapore
Construction Industry Development Board’s Quality Assessment System
(“CONQUAS”) and/or British Standards.

8\. The Appellants contend that based on the Respondents’ own pleaded case
above, the contract documents and drawings are irrelevant in advancing the
Respondents’ case. Further, the Appellants submit that it is clear from and
accepted in the _Ocean Front_ case and the case of _RSP Architects Planners &
Engineers (Raglan Squire & Partners FE) v Management Corporation Strata Title
Plan No 1075_ _and Another_ [1999] 2 SLR 449 (“ _Eastern Lagoon II_ ”) that in
determining whether there is negligence on the part of developer in respect of
alleged building defects, the benchmark for deciding liability would be the
acceptable practices in the industry and whether the relevant codes of
practice or standards have been observed. In this regard, the Appellants refer
to paragraph 49 of the Court of Appeal’s decision in _Eastern Lagoon II_ where
it was stated that: “ _It was common ground before the learned judge that the
building industry follows the British Codes of Practice_ …”. The Court of
Appeal and the Judge below had gone on to consider the non-compliance with the
codes in determining negligence.

9\. Further, the standards and specifications relied on by the Respondents in
pursuing the case against the Appellants are clearly set out in the Sale &
Purchase Agreement, which the Respondents are relying on in their pleadings.
The Appellants contend and submit that the First Schedule of the Sale &
Purchase Agreement contains the specifications of the buildings in the
Development, and also sets out the required building standards. Further,
clause 14 of the Sale & Purchase Agreement contemplates changes from
specifications and plans, if any.

11 The principles as regards discovery were redefined by the Court of Appeal
in _Tan Chin Seng v Raffles Town Club Pte Ltd_ [2002] 3 SLR 345 where Chao
Hick Tin JA, in delivering the opinion of the court, said at [15] to [19]:

The criteria adopted by the new rules are more specific. They are set out in O
24 r 1(2):

The documents which a party to a cause or matter may be ordered to discover
under paragraph (1) are as follows:

(a) the documents on which the party relies or will rely; and

(b) the documents which could —

(i) adversely affect his own case;

(ii) adversely affect another party’s case; or

(iii) support another party’s case.

There is, in addition, an overriding principle prescribed in r 7, which is,
that the discovery must be “necessary either for disposing fairly of the cause
or matter or for saving costs”.

Documents which are now discoverable, other than those on which a party relies
or will rely (r 1(2)(a)), will be those which could (1) adversely affect the
party’s own case; (2) adversely affect another party’s case; or (3) support
another party’s case. It should be noted that the word there is “could” not
“would”. So a document which has the “potential of affecting” the party from
whom the document is requested, is obliged to discover the same.

Thus caution must be exercised when considering decisions which were made
under the previous rules because, in the words of Jeffrey Pinsler on
_Singapore Court Practice_ O 24, “a document is no longer discoverable merely
because there is some connection (irrespective of the nature of the link)
between it and the issue in the case”. Documents which were required to be
discovered under the concept of “train of inquiry” are no longer discoverable
under the present O 24 r 1. However, this is not to say that the concept of
“train of inquiry” has been removed from the Rules. It has reappeared in r 5
which relates to discovery of specific documents.

However, it must not thereby be taken that cases decided under the previous
rules are no longer pertinent. As was the position under the previous rules,
one of the essential preconditions to be satisfied before discovery will be
ordered is that of “relevance”. Whether a document would affect that party’s
claim, or adversely affect another party’s case, or support another party’s
case, must depend on the issues pleaded in the action. The cases that shed
light on “relevancy” are just as useful today.

Some of the principles on “relevancy” established by the cases are the
following. In [_Thorpe v Chief Constable of Greater Manchester Police_ [1989]
2 All ER 827] it was decided that a document was not discoverable if it was to
be used only for the purpose of cross-examination to establish credibility of
witnesses. A discovered document can also be blanked out in part if the
blanked out portion is irrelevant to the issues of the action: _GE Capital
Corporate Finance Group v Bankers Trust Co_ [1995] 2 All ER 993; [1995] 1 WLR
172. The discovery process should not be allowed to “fish” a cause of action:
see _Wright Norman v Oversea-Chinese Banking Corp_ [1992] 2 SLR 710. Where an
allegation is not pleaded, seeking discovery of a document to back up such an
allegation constitutes fishing: _Marks & Spencer plc v Granada TV_
(unreported, 8 April 1997).

12 Returning to the issues before the court, the defendant’s contention was
that the plaintiff has failed to satisfy the test of relevancy as regards the
contract drawings and contract specifications. In a nutshell, what the
defendant seemed to be contending was that (a) in relation to the plaintiff’s
claim based on contract, it should confine itself only to the terms of the
sale and purchase agreement and (b) in relation to the claim founded on tort,
it should restrict itself to breaches of normal industry standards and/or the
Singapore Construction Industry Development Board’s Quality Assessment System
(CONQUAS) and/or British Standards.[4]

13 The plaintiff’s claim based on breach of duty bespeaks many alleged
lapses.[5] The said lapses include, amongst other things, (a) failure to issue
the necessary instructions or directions to the contractor or sub-contractor
or architects on the matters in relation to or affecting the development[6];
(b) failure to exercise reasonable skill and care in relation to the design
and supervision of the construction of the development so as to avoid loss and
damage[7] and (c) failure to superintend the construction of the said works
properly or at all.[8]

14 Relevant evidence simply means such evidence as bears directly upon the
point or fact in issue. Relevancy is that which conduces to the proof of a
pertinent hypothesis. A fact or document is said to be relevant when it is so
connected directly or indirectly with a fact in issue in an action that
evidence given respecting it, may reasonably be expected to assist in proving
or disproving the fact in issue (see _Black’s Law Dictionary_ (6th Ed, 1990)
pp 1290–1291 and Earl Jowitt, _The Dictionary of English Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell
Ltd, 1959)).

15 Order 24 r 1(2) employs the auxiliary verb “could” before the words
“adversely affect another party’s case”. In _Webster’s New World Dictionary of
the English Language_ (2nd College Ed, 1980), the word “could” is defined as:

… generally equivalent to _can_ in meaning and use, expressing especially a
shadow of doubt or a smaller degree of ability or possibility … and suggesting
politely less certainty than _can_. [emphasis added]

In my opinion, the use of the word “could” connotes that the court, in
arriving at a decision whether a particular document is relevant or not, need
not at this stage of the trial process enter upon an in-depth analysis as to
the exact degree of relevance apropos the documents. What is required of the
court at this stage of the trial is only to form an informed view as to
whether the documents in question may reasonably be expected to assist in
proving or disproving the fact in issue.

16 In returning to the appeal before me, the defendant’s contention that
contract drawings and contract specifications do not relate to or bear
directly upon the issue of the alleged breach of duty as well as implied
obligations, is an over-simplification of the facts in issue. The defendant’s
counsel contended before the assistant registrar[9] that the documents under
reference had no relevance to the plaintiff’s pleaded case and if at all,
these concerned an issue between the architects’ main contractor and the
defendant. This position also features in the defence filed by the
defendant.[10] If what the defendant contends was accurate, then those
documents, perforce, become relevant for the very purpose of the defendant’s
averments. Having pleaded that its architects designed the development and its
contractors carried out the specifications, it does not now lie in the mouth
of the defendant to claim that contract drawings and contract specifications
are irrelevant to the issues to be determined at the trial. I must at this
juncture, hasten to add a rider that my determination as to the relevancy of
the documents in question does not touch upon the issue as to admissibility of
the said documents at the trial.

17 In my view, the contract drawings as well as the contract specifications
appear _prima facie_ relevant to the determination of the issues at hand. As I
said earlier, the court at this stage is not required to undertake a full
scale inquiry into the area of relevancy. So long as the applying party
satisfies the court that the documents requested may reasonably affect another
party’s case adversely, it should not be prevented from discovering those
documents.

18 As I was satisfied that the documents requested are relevant within the
ambit of O 24 r 1(2), I dismissed the defendant’s appeal with costs and
reaffirmed the decision of the assistant registrar.

Order accordingly.

  

* * *

[1]See Statement of Claim, paras 25 to 28.

[2]See Statement of Claim, paras 38 and 39.

[3]See the Defence, paras 18, 19, 20, 24 and 25.

[4]See defendant’s solicitors’ letter dated 28 April 2004, paras 6 and 7.

[5]See Statement of Claim, para 39

[6]See Statement of Claim, para 39(i)

[7]See Statement of Claim, para 39(k)

[8]See Statement of Claim, para 39(e)

[9]See NE before the AR at p 3, lines 13 to 14.

[10]See the Defence, paras 24(1) and (2).

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 01 Jul 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

