Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Zailani bin Ahmad v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGCA 56

Case Number | : | Cr App 4/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 November 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; MPH Rubin J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ismail bin Hamid (Ismail Hamid and Co) and Sadari bin Musari (Sadari Musari and Partners) for the appellant; Janet Wang (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  Zailani bin Ahmad — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Special exceptions – Diminished responsibility – Appellant
convicted of charge of murder in furtherance of common intention – Appellant
claiming substantial impairment of mind at time of offence – Whether appellant
satisfying three limbs of exception to show diminished responsibility at time
of offence – Section 300 Exception 7 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Charge against appellant framed
in terms of common intention – Trial judge not making finding on issue of
common intention – Whether trial judge erring in law – Whether error
occasioning substantial miscarriage of justice – Whether Court of Appeal can
cure such errors – Section 54 Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999
Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Voir dire – Procedure – Trial judge
remarking that appellant had not created any doubt that his statement was
procured by threat – Whether trial judge correct in making such remark  
  

23 November 2004

MPH Rubin J (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Background**

1 The appellant, Zailani bin Ahmad, was tried in the High Court on the charge
that he:

on or about the 28th day of June 2003, between 1.00 pm and 6.00 pm, at No 39B
Lorong 28 Geylang, Singapore, together with one Rachel alias Fatimah alias
Leni, in furtherance of the common intention of [he] and Rachel alias Fatimah
alias Leni (as amended), did commit murder by causing the death of one Chi Tue
Tiong, male/68 years old, and [he has] thereby committed an offence under
section 302 read with section 34 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

At the conclusion of the trial, the appellant was convicted on the charge and
sentenced to death. The appellant brought the appeal against the conviction
and sentence.

**Facts**

2 The deceased, Chi Tue Tiong, was a caretaker of two apartments (37C and 39B)
in an apartment block at Lorong 28 Geylang. His living quarters, which
contained a bed and a chest of drawers, were an area at a staircase landing in
apartment 39B. On 28 June 2003, the deceased’s employer and some other persons
found him lying on his bed, dead and bloodied. The police were alerted. At the
scene, the investigation officer, Inspector David Ang Yeoh Tee (“Insp Ang”),
found the chest of drawers in the room of the deceased smeared with blood. The
hinges on the top two drawers had been tampered with,[1] and the single drawer
on the second row had been pulled out. A bloodstained wooden pestle and a
spanner were found inside this drawer.[2] A hammer and a bloodstained axe were
found under the chest of drawers,[3] and a fruit peeler was found about two
metres away from the body.[4] Insp Ang also spotted two bloodstained
shoeprints on the floor.[5]

3 In his autopsy, the pathologist noted that there were injuries found on the
deceased’s head, upper limbs, thorax and lower limbs. The most serious
injuries were eight fractures on the head, and indications of at least nine
separate blows delivered with force to the head.[6] The pathologist was of the
opinion that the fractures and the underlying brain injuries suffered by the
deceased were not due to a fall,[7] but were consistent with being caused by
multiple blunt force trauma to the sides and the back of the head[8] of
sufficient severity to cause death.[9] The injuries to the upper limbs were
also caused by blunt force trauma and were defensive in nature. The
pathologist certified the cause of death as “intracranial haemorrhage and
cerebral contusions with fractured skull”.[10] At trial, the pathologist was
shown instruments recovered by the police from the scene of the crime, namely
the pestle, axe, spanner and hammer.[11] The pathologist opined that the
injuries could have been caused using the pestle, the handle of the axe or the
hammer.[12]

4 The police received information that a male Malay, known as “Zailani”, was
believed to have been involved in a case of murder in Geylang.[13] Acting on
this information, on 30 June 2003, a team of police officers arrived at Changi
Village, where they spotted a male Malay (the appellant) who fitted the
description given to them. They approached the appellant and detained him. The
appellant was then brought to the Police Cantonment Complex, where an officer
from the Special Investigation Section interviewed him,[14] following which
the appellant gave this statement:[15]

I have no money. I was arrested earlier for selling illegal VCD but I did not
get any money for selling it. My family could not give me any money. On
[_sic_] about two days ago, I could not remember the date, I could not
remember the place but I was at a room in Geylang Road. I could be able to
show the place. I was together with my girlfriend ‘Racal’ who is a female
Indonesia [_sic_] in that room. Both of us have no money to pay the rent for
staying at that room. We had been staying in that room for about one month
plus. Racal suggested we rob the old male Chinese who looked after the rooms
there. Racal told me the old Chinese man lived a room below our floor. I was
drunk. Two of us went down. Racal opened the door. Two of us went inside.
Actually Racal had retrieved a wooden pole from our room. I do not know where
she retrieved this wooden pole from in our room. She handed the said pole to
me before we went down. I beat up the old Chinese man inside with the pole and
after that I could not remember what happened. Racal pulled my hand out from
the room. We left the place but I could not remember where we went to.

5 Evidence adduced established that the appellant was staying in a room in
apartment 37C, together with his Indonesian girlfriend, one Rachel alias
Fatimah alias Leni (“Rachel”), referred to as “Racal” in the appellant’s
statement. Rachel was not apprehended as police investigations revealed that
she had left Singapore for Batam on 29 June 2003.

6 In the event, the police managed to interview Rachel in Batam on 30 June
2003[16] and the information they received from her led them to a flat at
Block 76 Telok Blangah Drive #05-282,[17] where they met one Kassim bin Rabu
(“Kassim”)[18] and his wife, Supiah bte Awang (“Supiah”). Supiah told the
police that the appellant had visited the flat on 28 June 2003 with his
Indonesian girlfriend and had borrowed a pair of shoes, leaving a pair of
“Pazzo” brand shoes (“the Pazzo shoes”) and a slingbag in the apartment.[19]
The police took possession of these items.

7 Forensic examination confirmed that the shoeprints found at the scene of the
crime were consistent with those made by the Pazzo shoes.[20] Additionally, it
was found that the DNA profile of the blood on the left Pazzo shoe matched the
DNA profile of the deceased’s blood.[21]

8 At the trial, when the Prosecution sought to admit in evidence the statement
recorded from the accused, it was objected to on the ground that it was
obtained through threat, and not made voluntarily. A _voir dire_ was
conducted. In the result, the trial judge held that the appellant’s version of
the events could not be believed and that he did not create any doubt that his
statement was procured by any threat. The statement was therefore admitted in
evidence as having been voluntarily made by the appellant. The appellant was
eventually called to make a defence to the charge.

9 The main thrust of the appellant’s defence at the trial was that he was
suffering from diminished responsibility at the time of the offence. As such,
his testimony in court focused on issues pertaining to his mental capacity.
The appellant claimed that he had a history of insomnia, and heard voices.[22]
He had seen a general practitioner, Dr John Heng (“Dr Heng”), on 29 April
2003. Dr Heng testified that the appellant complained of insomnia and was
prescribed 30 nitrazepam tablets (“Dima tablets”). He was told to take two
tablets a night. Apart from the Dima tablets, the appellant also consumed
“Ice”, Roche 15 and Subutex tablets from April to June 2003.[23] On 27 June
2003, the appellant again went to see Dr Heng because he was feeling
depressed.[24] That night, he took two Dima tablets and three big bottles of
beer.[25] The next morning, he consumed another 12 Dima tablets because he was
still feeling depressed and he was short of cash.[26] In relation to the
commission of the offence, the more pertinent aspects of his evidence were as
follows:[27]

Q: So after taking the 12 tablets of Dima, what happened after that?

A: After I took 12 tablets of Dima, I was unconscious of what is happening
around me. When I regained consciousness, I was ransacking Ah Pek’s locker. I
do not know what I was looking for actually. I think I was looking for money.
I only realised when Rachel called me saying “ _Abang_ , watch your back, Ah
Pek wants to beat you up”.

When I turned around I saw Ah Pek swinging spanner at my head and I managed to
avoid the spanner; I ducked my head. I stood up and I beat him up.

Q: Do you know why did you come to be in Ah Pek’s room?

A: I was puzzled. I don’t know why I was there. I didn’t know what I was
looking for.

I think I was looking for money. When I opened up the drawer, I was … my
vision was blur. I …

My vision was blur. I couldn’t see what was inside the drawer. I had a
blackout.

Q: When you were at Ah Pek’s locker, were you aware you had … or do you know
if you had anything in your hand, holding anything? Were you holding anything?

A: I was … when I was opening the drawer, I had a key with me.

I tried to open the drawer but I can’t open. Then Rachel shouted to watch my
back. Ah Pek wanted to beat me up with a spanner. I managed to duck and then I
stood up. Then I beat him up. He …

Q: Can you recall anything else after that?

A: I remembered he fell down and I took the spanner from him. I took the
spanner to open the drawer. I remembered damaging the locker, trying to open
the locker.

I recall Rachel asked me to get out of the room because there’s someone
pressing the door bell.

So I quickly get out of the room to return to my room. I can’t remember where
I go to but I got out of Ah Pek’s room. I returned to my room to take my
things, then I ran away. That’s all.

10 The appellant went on to testify that, subsequently, he woke up at a coffee
shop in Kallang,[28] after which he went to Kassim’s house[29] with
Rachel.[30] He did not know what happened to Rachel after that,[31] but
recalled having slept in a “jungle” in Marsiling with an Indonesian man.[32]
Later, the Indonesian man and the appellant left for Changi because the
Indonesian man had a _sampan_ (a boat) there.[33] The appellant claimed that
on the way to Changi, he was in a state of slumber when he was walking, as
well as when he was in the mass rapid transit train and the bus.[34] When he
alighted from the bus, he was arrested.[35]

11 He admitted to having had the intention to steal the deceased’s money.[36]
He mentioned that the intention was formed when he was feeling drowsy and high
from the tablets he had consumed.[37] However, when his counsel re-examined
him, he claimed that he was not sure if he had the intention to steal.[38] He
maintained that he did not intend to kill the deceased.[39] He recalled Rachel
bringing a wooden “pole” from outside their room[40], but could not remember
if he used it to beat the deceased.[41] He reiterated that the deceased tried
to attack him, and he responded by beating the deceased. However, he could not
remember if he beat the deceased with his hand or a “pole”.[42]

12 During cross-examination, the appellant was asked about how he felt after
taking 12 Dima tablets. The appellant testified that he felt sleepy but
resisted the sleepiness.[43] He then wanted to sleep, but could not sleep.[44]
He had a headache,[45] was mumbling to himself[46] and felt a little
aggressive,[47] although he did not harbour feelings of hostility.[48] He went
on to say that he only felt aggressive when the deceased tried to hit him,[49]
feeling no sense of aggressiveness prior to[50] or after[51] this incident.
Additionally, the appellant testified that prior to the deceased’s alleged
attack on him, he only felt “high”.[52]

13 Given the appellant’s responses, the primary issue revolved around his
mental capacity. Dr Tommy Tan (“Dr Tan”), a consultant psychiatrist from
Woodbridge Hospital, recorded the following in his report:[53]

There was no abnormal behaviour observed by the nurses during the remand in
Changi Prison Hospital.

When I examined Mr Zailani he had psychomotor retardation, ie his mental
processes and movements were slowed down. He complained of auditory
hallucinations, which were vague and inconsistent.

The mental state examination was inconsistent with the observations made by
the nurses in the Prison Hospital.

With regard to the alleged offence of murder, Mr Zailani said that he had been
taking many tablets of sleeping pills that day. He said that he had wanted to
rob the deceased. He said he could not fully remember what happened.

_In my opinion, the accused has a history of Dependence Syndrome of multiple
drugs (F19.21, International Classification of Diseases_._)_ This is
characterised by the harmful use of drugs, drug seeking behaviour and
difficulties in controlling the use of drugs.

_He had acute intoxication with hypnotics (F13.0, International Classification
of Diseases) at the time of the alleged offence of murder._

_He was not of unsound mind at the time of the alleged offences as he knew
what he was doing and what he was doing was wrong_. He is fit to plead and is
capable of making his defence. He knows the charges that he is facing and the
consequence of pleading guilty. He will be able to follow the proceedings in
Court. He will be able to instruct his counsel.

[emphasis added]

14 At the trial, Dr Tan elaborated on some aspects of the findings in his
report. He explained that the appellant was suffering from acute intoxication
with hypnotics at the time of the offence because he was “high” on sleeping
pills.[54] In such a state, the appellant’s judgment might be impaired.[55]
However, the appellant would still know what he was doing and was probably
fully conscious. Dr Tan also added that the appellant did not have an
abnormality of mind which substantially impaired his mental
responsibility.[56]

15 The Defence relied on the findings of Dr Lim Yun Chin (“Dr Lim”),
consultant psychiatrist to Raffles Hospital. Dr Lim conducted a mental state
examination on the appellant. His report[57] was as follows:

The accused admitted that after his return from Indonesia, he succumbed to the
craving for drugs and used ice and subutex randomly. Because he started
consuming illicit drugs, he decided to stay away from home and rented a room
in Geylang with his girl partner. However, he had difficulty in sleeping and
consulted Dr Heng who prescribed him Nitrazepam, a benzodiazepine drug for the
treatment of insomnia. Initially, he used two tablets to help him sleep.
However, on the eve the alleged offence, he was arrested for selling pirated
VCDs.

He felt very “depressed” after his arrest and just before the commission of
the alleged offence, he decided to indiscriminately swallow large amount
[_sic_] of the Nitrazepam. He remembered swallowing 12 tablets of the
Nitrazepam tablets in order to sleep and forget his “problems.”

Instead of feeling sleepy, he remembered feeling more excitable and irritable.
He claimed that his female partner suggested that they robbed [_sic_] the “old
man” living below as they have no money to pay their rent. He agreed.

He remembered feeling “drunk” at the time when they went into the room of the
house owner. He said that he was given a pole by his partner. Inside the
owner’s room, he claimed he was physically attacked by the owner when he tried
to open the drawer. He remembered reacting to the owner’s attack by beating
him back. His recall after the violence in the owner’s room appeared patchy
and he was unable to give a coherent and reliable account of events that led
to his arrest.

_I agree with Dr Tommy Tan that he suffers from_ _Dependence Syndrome of
multiple drugs_ (F 19:21, ICD 10). I also agreed with Dr Tan that at the time
of the alleged offence, his behaviour suggested that he was suffering from
acute intoxication with hypnotics (Nitrazepam) (F 13.0, ICD 10). _It is also
my opinion that he was not of unsound mind at the time of the offence. He is
mentally fit to plead and is capable of making his defence._

However, _I am of the opinion that he was suffering from diminished
responsibility at the time of the offence because of the acute intoxication
caused by the hypnotic, Nitrazepam._ _Although benzodiazepine as a class of
drugs generally causes sedation when consumed, one of the known serious
adverse effects is the development of Paradoxical stimulant effects
particularly when consumed in excess to the point of intoxication. The
characteristics of Paradoxical stimulant effects included irritability,
hyperactive or aggressive behaviour._ _It is common to observe rage and
violent behaviour, including assault and homicide because of the paradoxical
stimulant effect._ Such reactions are similar to those sometimes provoked by
alcohol. The psychiatric literature mentioned cases of “baby-battering, wife-
beating and grandma bashing” that have been attributed to the consumption of
benzodiazepines.

[emphasis added]

16 Dr Lim explained that Dependence Syndrome is a psychiatric disorder where a
person has the tendency to abuse a wide range of drugs to satisfy his
craving,[58] develops a low threshold to frustration, and becomes more prone
to disinhibited behaviour and aggression.[59] Dr Lim also explained that in
arriving at his conclusion that the appellant was suffering from diminished
responsibility at the time of the offence, he took into account the fact that
after the appellant had consumed the 12 Dima tablets, his mind, motivation and
behaviour were impaired and he had inadequate control of his mental faculties.

17 Dr Lim added that the paradoxical stimulant effects could cause a person to
be disorientated, disorganised, bizarre and unpredictable.[60] At this
juncture, it would be useful to mention that Dr Tan’s explanation of the
paradoxical stimulant effect was that this was essentially a “reversed”
effect. For instance, instead of feeling sleepy after taking sleeping tablets,
a person becomes more alert and more disinhibited,[61] active, hostile and
aggressive.[62] However, Dr Tan noted that the paradoxical stimulant effect
was not common.[63]

**The decision below**

18 The trial judge found that the appellant’s evidence was inconsistent, and
he was a poor and unsatisfactory witness prone to malingering.[64] The trial
judge then went on to analyse the appellant’s defence of diminished
responsibility, having regard to Dr Lim’s opinion that the appellant was
suffering from diminished responsibility at the time of the offence because he
had acute intoxication with hypnotics, which may bring about paradoxical
stimulant effects, including irritability, hyperactivity or aggressive
behaviour.[65] The trial judge found Dr Lim’s opinion to be inconsistent with
the admitted actions and manifestations of the accused at the relevant time.

19 The trial judge noted that it was significant that, when the appellant’s
actions were examined closely stage by stage, there were no signs of
irritability, hyperactivity or aggressive behaviour and that he was actually
able to decide to rob or steal, to choose which drawers to steal from, and to
use the keys he had found to try to unlock them. Even after the deceased’s
alleged attack on him, and after disarming the deceased,[66] the appellant was
able to return to the task of trying to open the drawers.

20 Dealing with the show of aggression or hostility by the accused, the trial
judge did not regard this as evidence of aggression borne out of paradoxical
stimulant effects. In the trial judge’s opinion, the appellant’s act of
returning to try to open the drawers was inconsistent with the paradoxical
stimulant effects or substantial impairment of the mind.[67]

21 After considering the medical evidence, the trial judge held that the
appellant had not established on a balance of probabilities that he was
suffering from diminished responsibility, and that the Prosecution had proved
its case against him beyond a reasonable doubt. Accordingly, the appellant was
convicted on the charge and the death sentence was imposed on him.

**The appeal**

22 On 8 October 2004, the appellant’s counsel filed a notice of motion and an
affidavit, seeking an extension of time to file the Petition of Appeal. The
Petition was due for filing on 24 September 2004. However, as a result of
counsel’s oversight, the Petition was only filed on 28 September 2004.
Although s 47(4) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”) states that when “a petition is not filed within the time prescribed
by this section [within 10 days[68] after service of the notice of appeal[69]]
the appeal shall be deemed to have been withdrawn”, the Court of Appeal can
still exercise its powers under s 50 SCJA to grant the extension of time that
has been sought. Section 50 SCJA reads as follows:

**Appeals out of time and formal defects**

The Court of Appeal may, in its discretion, on the application of any person
desirous of appealing who may be debarred from so doing by reason of his not
having observed some formality or some requirement of this Act, permit an
appeal upon such terms and with such directions as it may consider desirable
in order that substantial justice may be done in the matter, and may, for that
purpose, extend any period of time prescribed by section 45 or 47.

23 Considering the fact that the present appeal involved a mandatory sentence
of death, we felt that granting the extension of time would indeed be
considered desirable within the meaning of s 50 SCJA. In the premises, we
granted the extension of time that was sought, and proceeded to hear the
appeal.

24 The appeal mainly revolved around the issue of whether the appellant was
suffering from diminished responsibility at the time of the offence. In this
regard, it was argued on behalf of the appellant that the trial judge had
erred in failing to accept Dr Lim’s evidence that he was suffering from acute
intoxication with hypnotics to the extent that his mental faculty was
substantially impaired. Further, it was submitted that the trial judge should
have given greater consideration to Dr Lim’s opinion that the appellant’s
excessive consumption of Dima tablets set off a paradoxical stimulant effect,
and that his violent behaviour was attributable to this effect.

25 It was further argued that the accused had a drug dependence syndrome, a
psychiatric disorder that explained his tendency to indulge in a wide range of
drugs, causing him to have a low threshold to frustration. Another contention
by counsel for the appellant was that the trial judge should have given
greater consideration to the contention that he was fluctuating between
consciousness and non-consciousness on numerous occasions on 28 June 2003,
hence the discrepancies between his cautioned statement and his evidence in
court, and his general inability to describe the attack and the extensive
injuries sustained by the deceased.

26 From a careful examination of the evidence, it was clear to us that the
appellant’s arguments were devoid of merit and that he had failed to establish
that he was suffering from diminished responsibility _at the time of the
offence_. In this respect, we noted that the appellant’s arguments essentially
only listed the types of “mental” illnesses he allegedly suffered from,
without explaining whether these “mental” illnesses actually resulted in his
mental responsibility being substantially impaired _at the time the offence
was committed_. Nevertheless, for the sake of completeness, we approached the
appellant’s arguments as if they had been taken to this crucial conclusion.

27 However, before stating our views and conclusions on the substantive issue
of diminished responsibility, we felt it necessary to clarify two aspects of
the trial judge’s Grounds of Decision. They relate to:

(a) the question whether the trial judge should make a finding on the issue of
common intention as well as a finding as to the relative roles and involvement
of the accused and Rachel in the offence for which the accused was tried; and

(b) the question as to the burden of proof on the accused in the _voir dire_.

**_Issue (a) — Common intention_**

28 Upon careful scrutiny of the trial judge’s Grounds of Decision ([2004] SGHC
202), we noted that although the charge had clearly been framed in terms of
common intention, the trial judge did not make an express finding on the issue
of common intention. The only finding the trial judge made, which was somewhat
to this effect, was that the appellant and Rachel went to rob or steal from
the deceased, bringing with them a wooden pole that they must have intended to
use on the deceased if confronted.[70] Additionally, what the trial judge said
in [71] and [72] of the Grounds of Decision was this:

71 The evidence is that the fatal injuries were caused by the accused, or
Rachel, or the both of them. As the charge was that the offence was committed
in furtherance of their common intention, it was _not necessary for the
Prosecution to establish whether the accused, Rachel or the both of them
inflicted the fatal injuries_.

72 The defence of diminished responsibility was raised against the background
of the accused’s evidence that he could not remember what he did after he
punched the deceased and Dr Lim’s opinion that he was suffering from
diminished responsibility at the time of the offence. Dr Lim’s opinion was
grounded on the assumption that the accused inflicted the injuries. If Rachel
had inflicted them in furtherance of their common intention, the defence of
diminished responsibility would not be available to the accused. Nevertheless
the defence of diminished responsibility must be considered because the
accused _might_ have inflicted the injuries, and if he did, the defence could
apply.

[emphasis added]

29 Apart from a brief reference to the evidence in the first sentence of [71]
of the Grounds of Decision, there was no specific finding or determination by
the trial judge, either as to common intention or as to the roles played and
the acts committed by the appellant or Rachel, in relation to the offence
under consideration. We would hasten to add that the Defence did not at any
time put the question of common intention in issue.

30 The utterance in the last two lines of [72] of the Grounds of Decision that
the “accused might have inflicted the injuries” was unhelpful. In this
context, reference should be made to _Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s The Indian Penal
Code_ (29th Ed, 2002) (“ _Ratanlal_ ”) at p 194, where the learned authors
state that:

Before any accused can be convicted of an offence read with this section [s 34
Indian Penal Code], the Court _must arrive at a finding as to which of the
accused took what part, if any, in furtherance of the common intention. A
conviction without such a finding is illegal._ [emphasis added]

Section 34 of the Indian Penal Code is _in pari materia_ with s 34 of our
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”). The authors of _Rantanlal_ , in this
regard, seemed to have relied on the case of _Fazoo Khan v Jatoo Khan_ AIR
1931 Cal 643 (“ _Fazoo Khan_ ”) in support of their submission.

31 The views expressed in _Ratanlal_ came up for discussion before the
Malaysian Court of Appeal in _Chin Hon v PP_ [1948] MLJ 193 and the court took
issue with the phrase “which of the accused”, appearing in the headnote of
_Fazoo Khan_ , holding that there was nothing in _Fazoo Khan_ which required a
court to arrive at a finding as to the part played by each individual accused.
The court then referred to the Privy Council decision in _Mahbub Shah v
Emperor_ AIR 1945 PC 118 for the correct position in law, and said at 193–194:

The first of the two comments [the views in _Ratanlal_] quoted above was based
on the head-note to _Fazoo Khan & Others v Jatoo Khan & another_, which reads
as follows:—

Penal Code section 34. Participation in action to commit offence with common
intention is essential element and Court must arrive at finding as to part
played by each individual accused in furtherance of common intention ... a
conviction without such finding is illegal.

There is nothing in the judgment in that case to support that part of the
head-note which requires a Court to arrive at a finding as to the part played
by each individual accused. The correct position is made clear by the decision
of the Privy Council in _Mahbub Shah v Emperor_. The relevant portion of the
head-note to the report of that appeal reads as follows:—

Common intention within the meaning of section 34 implies a pre-arranged plan.
_To convict the accused of an offence applying section 34 it should be proved
that the criminal act was done in concert pursuant to the pre-arranged plan._

And in the judgment the following observations appear:—

_To invoke the aid of section 34 successfully, it must be shown that the
criminal act complained against was done by one of the accused persons in
furtherance of the common intention of all: if this is shown, then liability
for the crime may be imposed on any one of the persons in the same manner as
if the act were done by him alone._

[emphasis added]

32 Although reference by the authors of _Ratanlal_ to the headnote in _Fazoo
Khan_ was a little “out of sync”, the pronouncements in _Mahbub Shah_ _v
Emperor_ are unmistakable. To summarise, what the court must do is to make a
finding that the criminal act complained of was carried out by one of the
accused persons in furtherance of the common intention of all. As such, it was
necessary for the trial judge to find that either the appellant or Rachel had
struck the fatal blow on the deceased, thereby committing an offence under one
of the limbs to s 300 PC (in this case, s 300(c) PC).

33 However, the trial judge did not arrive at this finding of fact and
premised his evaluation of the evidence on the hypothesis that the appellant
was the person who struck the deceased dead. A hypothetical analysis cannot be
equated with a finding of fact and as such, in our view, the trial judge was
in error.

34 In the same vein, the trial judge also seemed to have erred in his holding
at [71], where he mentioned that it was “not necessary for the Prosecution to
establish whether the accused, Rachel or the both of them inflicted the fatal
injuries”. In our opinion, the phrase “in furtherance of common intention”
itself denotes a necessity to find that the offence in question must have been
committed to advance the common intention: see _Ratanlal_ at p 114. As such,
to successfully satisfy a charge crafted under “common intention”, at least
one of the participants must have inflicted the fatal injury and thereby
committed the offence of murder. By finding to the contrary, the trial judge
had erred in this aspect of his holding as well.

35 However, in our view, the errors catalogued did not detract from the fact
that there was clear and cogent evidence to conclude that both Rachel and the
appellant arrived at the premises mentioned in the charge with the common
intention to rob or steal from the deceased, and in furtherance of the common
intention, the appellant inflicted the fatal blows on the deceased and thereby
committed the act of murder under s 302 read with s 34 PC. In our view, the
lapses in the Grounds of Decision by the trial judge had occasioned no
substantial miscarriage of justice. In this respect, reference ought to be
made to s 54(3) SCJA which provides that this court:

… may, notwithstanding that it is of opinion that the point raised in the
appeal might be decided in favour of the appellant, dismiss the appeal if it
considers that no substantial miscarriage of justice has occurred.

36 In _Wong Mimi v PP_ [1972–1974] SLR 73, this court applied this very
provision to “cure” a misdirection of law on the part of the trial judges. In
that case, the error was that the trial judges failed to arrive at a finding
as to whether the appellant there had the intention to inflict the fatal
injuries that were present. The court took into account the trial judges’
other findings of fact, particularly the finding that the appellant
deliberately, and not accidentally, inflicted the fatal injuries with great
force on vital parts of the body. The court therefore applied s 54 SCJA in
order to “cure” the error made by the trial judges. In this appeal, too, s 54
SCJA can be similarly applied.

**_Issue (b) – The voir dire_**

37 The next issue which exercised our mind was in relation to the burden of
proof on the accused in a _voir dire_. In his Grounds of Decision the trial
judge said at [32]:

I found that the accused’s version of the events could not be believed. _He
did not create any doubt that his statement might have been procured by the
alleged threat_. I ruled that the statement was voluntary and admitted it in
evidence.

[emphasis added]

38 In our view, the trial judge’s remark that the appellant “did not create
any doubt” was not apt. The phrase “did not create any doubt” would imply that
in order for the statement to be rendered inadmissible, the _appellant_ was
required to prove that it was made involuntarily by raising a doubt. However,
this cannot be the case, as it would always be for the Prosecution to _prove
beyond reasonable doubt_ that the statement was made voluntarily without any
threat, inducement, promise or oppression.

39 Section 24 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) as well as the proviso
to s 122(5) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) provide that
the court shall refuse to admit any statement or confession if the making of
it “appears to the court to have been caused” by any of the vitiating factors
mentioned in the said sections.

40 A classic statement made by Lord Sumner in delivering the opinion of the
Privy Council in _Ibrahim v The King_ [1914] AC 599 at 609 reads as follows:

It has long been established as a positive rule of English criminal law, that
no statement by an accused is admissible in evidence against him unless it is
shewn by the prosecution to have been a voluntary statement, in the sense that
it has not been obtained from him either by fear of prejudice or hope of
advantage exercised or held out by a person in authority.

41 In _Director of Public Prosecutions v Ping Lin_ [1976] AC 574 at 599, Lord
Hailsham of St Marylebone observed that before a confession was to be admitted
in evidence, it must be proved by the Prosecution beyond reasonable doubt as a
fundamental condition of its admissibility. In the event, the House of Lords
held that the issue of whether a statement was “voluntary” was basically one
of fact, and that in determining the admissibility of such statements the
trial judge should approach his task by applying the test enunciated by Lord
Sumner in _Ibrahim v The King_ in a common sense way to all the facts in the
case in their context, and he should ask himself whether the Prosecution had
proved that the contested statement was voluntary in the sense that it was not
obtained by fear of prejudice or hope of advantage excited or held out by a
person in authority.

42 In our opinion, the entire trial within a trial is to be regarded as a
composite whole. In exercising his functions as judge and jury, the trial
judge should take a global approach and arrive at his conclusion as to whether
the Prosecution had indeed proved its case beyond reasonable doubt and not ask
himself the question of whether the accused had raised any doubt in the
Prosecution’s case.

43 In our view, the only requirement, if any, on the Defence is to raise an
issue and bring to light the alleged offending conduct of the recording
officers as well as the circumstances under which the statement was given, and
if the circumstances outlined appeared to give rise to an inference or a
nagging suspicion that the statement was tainted by any of the vitiating
factors, then the statement must be held to be inadmissible.

45 Although we were of the opinion that the test applied by the trial judge
could be misunderstood, we found on a perusal of the trial judge’s Grounds of
Decision that the trial judge’s use of the phrase “did not create any doubt”
was unfortunate at most. The trial judge’s decision was otherwise obvious,
based on the evidence that lay before him. After evaluating all the evidence
adduced at the trial, our conclusion was that the Prosecution had indeed
proved beyond reasonable doubt that the statement was made voluntarily. This
being the case, apart from highlighting that the trial judge could have been a
little more vigilant with the phraseology he adopted, we saw no reason to find
that the statement was wrongly admitted or that it ought to be excluded.

46 Having made these findings, we proceeded to consider the substantive issue
on appeal before us, whether the defence of diminished responsibility was
available to the appellant.

**_The law_**

47 The defence of diminished responsibility is encapsulated in Exception 7 to
s 300 PC, which reads as follows:

Culpable homicide is not murder if the offender was suffering from such
abnormality of mind (whether arising from a condition of arrested or retarded
development of mind or any inherent causes or induced by disease or injury) as
substantially impaired his mental responsibility for his acts and omissions in
causing the death or being a party to causing the death.

48 There are three limbs that the appellant has to establish in order to
satisfy the court that he was indeed suffering from diminished responsibility
at the time of the offence: _Mansoor s/o Abdullah v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 719; and
_Tengku Jonaris Badlishah v PP_ [1999] 2 SLR 260 (“ _Tengku Jonaris_ ”) at
[35]. They are:

(a) The appellant must have been suffering from an abnormality of mind;

(b) Such abnormality of mind must have:

(i) arisen from a condition of arrested or retarded development of mind; or

(ii) arisen from any inherent causes; or

(iii) been induced by disease or injury; and

(c) Such abnormality of mind as in (b)(i) to (b)(iii) must have substantially
impaired the appellant’s mental responsibility for his acts and omissions in
causing the death or being a party to causing the death.

49 The legal position in relation to the defence of diminished responsibility
is clear. The seminal case in this respect is the decision of the English
Court of Criminal Appeal in _R v Byrne_ [1960] 2 QB 396, which has
subsequently been cited with approval in many cases in our jurisdiction
dealing with the defence including _Tengku Jonaris_.

50 Dealing with the first limb, the key phrase is “an abnormality of mind”.
This phrase has been described in _R v Byrne_ at 403 as “a state of mind so
different from that of ordinary human beings that the reasonable man would
term it abnormal”. However, in coming to a decision on whether an accused is
suffering from such an abnormality of mind, the court is entitled to seek
guidance from available medical evidence. Where the court is faced with
evidence conflicting with such medical evidence, it is within the discretion
of the court to form its own conclusion on the matter, taking into account
other facts such as the acts or statements of the accused and his demeanour,
and any other conflicting medical opinion: _R v Byrne_ , as accepted by this
court in _DZ v PP_ [1998] 2 SLR 22 at [21] and [22].

51 In this context, it is a settled principle that, even where such medical
opinion is unchallenged, the trial judges would be perfectly entitled to
reject or differ from the opinions of the medical men, if there are other
facts on which they could do so: _Sek Kim Wah v PP_ [1987] SLR 107, following
_Walton v R_ (1977) 66 Cr App R 25, _R v Byrne_ and _R v Kiszko_ (1978) 68 Cr
App R 62. This court’s decision in _Sek Kim Wah_ _v PP_ was cited with
approval in its later decisions in _Contemplacion v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 834 at
844, [36] and _Zainul Abidin bin Malik v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 654 at 661–662, [29]
and [30].

52 Dealing with the second limb, the law is that the abnormality of mind must
have (a) arisen from a condition of arrested or retarded development of mind;
or (b) arisen from any inherent causes; or (c) been induced by disease or
injury. These aspects are, by their very nature, within the purview of medical
experts, and must be distinguished from the reasonable man’s notion of whether
someone is suffering from an abnormality of mind: see Stanley Yeo, “Improving
the Determination of Diminished Responsibility Cases” [1999] SJLS 27 at 38.
Therefore, the second limb is reliant on the conclusion of medical experts.

53 The final and most crucial limb, _ie_ , the third limb, focuses on an
accused’s mental responsibility for his acts. The expression “mental
responsibility for his acts” points to a consideration of the extent to which
the accused’s mind is answerable for his physical acts, which must include a
consideration of the extent of his ability to exercise will power to control
his physical acts: _R v Byrne_. There is also a further requirement that the
accused’s mental responsibility be _substantially impaired_ : _Cheng Swee Hin
v PP_ [1980–1981] SLR 116. While medical evidence would be constructive in
determining the presence and/or extent of impairment, the main question of
whether an accused’s mental responsibility was substantially impaired is
ultimately one for the court to answer: _DZ v PP_ , following _R v Byrne_.

**_Applying the law to the facts of the present appeal_**

54 In our opinion, the appellant has not, on a balance of probabilities,
established that the defence of diminished responsibility was available to
him. In this respect, we considered the three limbs mentioned to the facts of
the appeal to show why this was the case.

_First limb: Abnormality of mind_

55 At trial, both the Prosecution and the Defence called expert medical
witnesses to testify. Both doctors agreed that the appellant was suffering
from acute intoxication with hypnotics, as a result of the overdose of Dima
tablets, at the time of the offence. The only material difference between
their opinions was the effect of the acute intoxication with hypnotics. Dr Lim
gave evidence that the effect was an onset of a paradoxical stimulant effect,
whereas Dr Tan, in rebuttal, stated that he could not support the contention
that the appellant was suffering from such an effect at the time of the
offence. However, due to the convergence in opinions between the doctors in
respect of the appellant’s condition (acute intoxication with hypnotics) at
the time of the offence, we considered, as did the trial judge, that the court
had to determine the applicability or otherwise of Exception 7 to s 300 PC to
the appellant’s defence.

_Second limb: The cause of the appellant’s abnormality of mind_

56 As stated earlier, the cause of the abnormality of mind _must_ be a result
of a condition of arrested or retarded development of mind or any inherent
causes, or induced by disease or injury. Here, we noted that the trial judge
relied on Dr Tan’s observation of the appellant’s behaviour while he was in Dr
Tan’s care. Dr Tan testified that he did not spot any abnormal behaviour on
the part of the appellant, there were no signs of psychiatric illnesses,
disorder or disease, and even the appellant’s initial slowness in his movement
and mental processes were dismissed as a “show” that was “put on” by the
appellant.[71] In this respect, Dr Tan concluded that the appellant was
“malingering … in order to get medication”.[72]

57 Dr Lim, on the other hand, seemed to have conducted only one mental state
examination on the accused and put up a report on that basis. Notably, Dr
Lim’s report and his oral evidence were not as extensive as Dr Tan’s, Dr Lim
focusing only on the appellant’s mental state at the time of the offence. Dr
Lim’s main concern was that the appellant was labouring under a paradoxical
stimulant effect at the time of the offence, making him ultra-susceptible to
aggressive behaviour. At trial, Dr Lim focused on this matter to state that it
was _the cause_ of the appellant’s abnormality of mind at the time of the
offence.

58 The trial judge found that there were no signs of irritability,
hyperactivity or aggressive behaviour on the part of the appellant, when his
actions were examined a stage at a time.[73] According to the trial judge, the
only instance of aggressive behaviour displayed by the appellant was when the
deceased appeared to have resisted him. The trial judge observed that this was
nothing exceptional, and that it was not evidence of an aspect of aggression
borne out of a paradoxical stimulant effect.

59 Further, the trial judge found that the appellant’s action of turning his
attention back to the drawers was inconsistent with the typical symptoms of a
paradoxical stimulant effect.[74] We found that the trial judge’s findings of
fact were crucial in determining whether the appellant was indeed suffering
from a paradoxical stimulant effect, which allegedly led to his abnormality of
mind at the time of the offence. As the appellant had evinced no indication of
any such suffering, his actions in fact being to the contrary, we held that
the trial judge was correct in finding that the appellant was not labouring
under a paradoxical stimulant effect at the time of the offence.

60 Apart from the submissions pertaining to the alleged paradoxical stimulant
effect, there was hardly any explanation or submission as to the possible
cause of the appellant’s purported abnormality of mind. We found that this was
understandable, as the appellant’s abnormality of mind could not have been
caused by: (a) a condition of arrested or retarded development of mind; or (b)
an inherent cause; or (c) disease or injury. This was because the acute
intoxication the appellant was labouring under was _self-induced_.

61 In _Tengku Jonaris_ ([48] _supra_), where the issue for consideration was
also whether the appellant in that case was suffering from an abnormality of
mind brought about by cannabis intoxication (which was self-induced), the
court observed at [62]:

[A]n abnormality of mind brought about by cannabis intoxication could not be
attributed to either ‘a condition of arrested or retarded development of mind’
or ‘any inherent causes’. … Counsel further argued that the trial judge erred
in holding that both self-inflicted injury and the transient effects of drink
or drugs on the brain did not amount to ‘injury’ for the purposes of Exception
7. With respect, these arguments were irrelevant in the present appeal.

62 Likewise, in the present appeal, we came to the determination that since
the appellant’s acute intoxication was a direct result of his _own_ overdose
of Dima tablets and his drug and alcohol consumption, such an abnormality of
mind could not have been a result of one of the specified causes in the
defence of diminished responsibility.

63 From all the evidence placed before this court, it was clear that the
appellant was not suffering from an abnormality of mind (as understood by the
reasonable man) that was a result of any of the causes specified in the
defence of diminished responsibility. Since this abnormality was essentially a
result of self-induced intoxication, the appellant had failed to satisfy the
second limb to the defence of diminished responsibility. Although this
determination should substantially dispose of the appeal, for the sake of
completeness, we made a few observations on the third limb as well.

_Third limb: Substantial impairment of mental responsibility_

64 Based largely on Dr Lim’s evidence, it was argued by the appellant’s
counsel that the appellant’s mental responsibility was substantially impaired
at the time of the offence. However, from a perusal of Dr Lim’s evidence at
trial, we found that Dr Lim’s evidence indicated that the appellant was
actually of rational mind during much of the time span of the offence. The
only time his mental responsibility became _allegedly_ impaired was when he
attacked the deceased as a result of an alleged onset of feelings of
aggressiveness arising from the paradoxical stimulant effect. However, soon
after, the appellant was found curiously capable of opening the locked
drawers, almost as if he were able to “snap out” of the substantial impairment
at will. It is perhaps instructive to recall presently to mind the case of
_Mohd Sulaiman v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 465 at 475, where this court in finding that
the appellant in that case was not suffering from a substantial impairment of
his mental responsibility at the time of the offence, took into account the
fact that the appellant displayed “great presence of mind in continuing with
his original plan of theft after the stabbing of the deceased”.

65 After examining the evidence adduced by and on behalf of the appellant, it
was clear that he was vainly attempting to compartmentalise his mental
responsibility _during_ the time of the offence into split-second journeys of
rational thinking and substantial impairment. We found this to be an
artificial and convenient excuse rather than the truth.

66 This view was substantiated by further evidence from Dr Tan – which we
accepted – where he testified that it was difficult to believe that there was
substantial impairment of mental responsibility only for a short moment in
time. Dr Tan explained that he found this to be improbable because the
intoxicant that affected the appellant’s mental state was carried in his
blood, and it was therefore unlikely that there was a sudden peak in the
intoxicant followed by a sudden drop to bring about a short and sharp moment
of substantial impairment.[75]

67 At this juncture, it must be mentioned that it was clear that the trial
judge had accepted Dr Tan’s viewpoint over Dr Lim’s opinion, although he did
not state as much. In our view, the trial judge was entitled to prefer the
medical evidence given by Dr Tan over that given by Dr Lim: _McLean v Weir_
[1977] 5 WWR 609, endorsed in _Muhammad Jefrry v PP_ [1997] 1 SLR 197 and
_Tengku Jonaris_. It must also be remarked at this stage that although the
views of medical men are persuasive in a court’s final assessment of whether
the defence of diminished responsibility applies, a decision on the third limb
of the defence is essentially a question of fact left to be answered by the
court.

68 From the Grounds of Decision, it was clear that the trial judge had ruled
out the possibility that the appellant was suffering from a substantial
impairment of his mental responsibility at the time of the offence, finding
instead that his “levels of awareness and reaction were quick and sharp”[76]
and that there “was nothing in his actions that was unpredictable or
unmeasured”.[77] This therefore led the trial judge to the conclusion that the
appellant’s mental responsibility was not in fact substantially impaired at
the time of the offence. We found that the trial judge’s conclusion, that the
appellant’s actions indicated that he was in full control of his faculties at
the time he committed the offence, was well supported by evidence, and in our
view there was no reason for us to disturb his decision.

69 Having considered all the arguments, we held that the appellant had failed
to establish the defence of diminished responsibility on a balance of
probabilities. Further, in our view, the Prosecution had discharged its
ultimate burden in proving the charge against the appellant beyond reasonable
doubt.

**Conclusion**

70 For the reasons given above, we dismissed the appeal and upheld the
conviction and sentence imposed by the trial judge.

Appeal dismissed.

  

* * *

[1]Exhibits page 193.

[2]Exhibits, pages 179, 181 & 193.

[3]Exhibits page 194.

[4]Exhibits page 189.

[5]Exhibits page 194.

[6]Notes of Evidence (“NE”) page 178.

[7]NE page 180.

[8]NE pages 181–182.

[9]NE page 192.

[10]Exhibits page 67; Grounds of Decision (“GD”) at [8].

[11]GD at [7].

[12]NE page 184.

[13]Exhibits page 186.

[14]Exhibits page 187.

[15]Exhibits page 110 [Exhibit P158] (handwritten statement at Exhibits pages
111–112).

[16]Exhibits page 219.

[17]NE page 304.

[18]Exhibits pages 166–168.

[19]Exhibits pages 162–165.

[20]Exhibits pages 72–74 at page 74.

[21]Exhibits pages 75–97 at page 97.

[22]NE page 726.

[23]NE page 732.

[24]NE pages 741–742.

[25]NE page 742.

[26]NE page 743.

[27]NE pages 744–747.

[28]NE page 747, paras 4–6.

[29]NE page 747, paras 7–10.

[30]NE page 747, paras 16–17.

[31]NE page 748, paras 3–4.

[32]NE pages 747–748, paras 20–21, 1–2.

[33]NE page 748, paras 5–9.

[34]NE page 748, paras 10–12.

[35]NE page 748, paras 12–13.

[36]NE page 748, paras 19–20.

[37]NE page 748, paras 21–23.

[38]NE page 799 & 802.

[39]NE page 749, paras 2–3.

[40]NE page 749, paras 16–20.

[41]NE page 750 & 753.

[42]NE page 755.

[43]NE page 783, paras 6–9.

[44]NE page 783, paras 16–19.

[45]NE page 783, para 16.

[46]NE page 783, paras 17–19.

[47]NE page 783, paras 20–21.

[48]NE page 783, paras 22–23.

[49]NE page 784, paras 3–4.

[50]NE page 784, paras 1–2, 5–6 and 18–19.

[51]NE page 784, paras 7–8.

[52]NE page 784, paras 9–19.

[53]Exhibits pages 102–109, at page 109 [Exhibit P156].

[54]NE pages 616 & 618.

[55]NE page 619.

[56]NE page 624.

[57]Exhibits pages 220–222 [Exhibit D1].

[58]NE page 816.

[59]NE page 817.

[60]NE pages 831–832.

[61]NE page 643.

[62]NE page 704.

[63]NE page 643.

[64]GD at [68].

[65]GD at [73].

[66]GD at [74].

[67]GD at [76].

[68] Section 47(1) SCJA.

[69] Sections 45 & 46 SCJA.

[70] GD at [45]; GD at [70].

[71] GD at [52].

[72] GD at [51].

[73] GD at [73]–[74].

[74] GD at [76].

[75] NE page 902.

[76] GD at [62].

[77] GD at [62].

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Nov 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

