Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Nguyen Tuong Van v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGCA 47

Case Number | : | CA 5/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 20 October 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Lai Kew Chai J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Joseph Theseira (Joseph Theseira) and Tito Shane Isaac (Tito Isaac and Co) for appellant; Khoo Oon Soo and Han Ming Kuang (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Nguyen Tuong Van — Public Prosecutor   
  
Constitutional Law – Equal protection of the law – Whether mandatory death
penalty under Misuse of Drugs Act violating equal protection accorded under
Constitution – Article 12 Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999
Reprint), s 7 Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  
Constitutional Law – Fundamental liberties – Right to life and personal
liberty – Whether mandatory death penalty under Misuse of Drugs Act amounting
to arbitrary punishment not being deprivation of life or personal liberty in
accordance with law – Whether death by hanging constituting cruel and inhuman
treatment or punishment – Whether death penalty violating Constitution –
Article 9 Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Reprint), s 7 Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed), Art 5 Universal Declaration of Human
Rights  
  
Constitutional Law – Judicial power – Whether mandatory death penalty under
Misuse of Drugs Act violating principle of separation of powers enshrined in
Constitution – Article 93 Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999
Reprint), s 7 Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Applicability of s
53 Misuse of Drugs Act – Sections 7, 53 Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev
Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Statements – Admissibility – Failure to
allow appellant consular access before statements recorded – Whether
statements recorded in breach of Art 36(1) Vienna Convention on Consular
Relations 1963 – Whether statements admissible – Articles 36(1), (2) Vienna
Convention on Consular Relations 1963  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Statements – Admissibility – Whether
contents of cautioned statement amounting to confession – Section 24 Evidence
Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  
International Law – Human rights – Whether death by hanging a breach of
international law – Article 5 Universal Declaration of Human Rights  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Interpretation act – Purposive approach – Whether s
41 Interpretation Act applicable where intent of Parliament clear – Sections
9A(1), 41 Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed)  
  
Statutory Interpretation – Penal statutes – Death penalty under Misuse of
Drugs Act – Whether maximum sentence or mandatory sentence – Section 7 Misuse
of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

20 October 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Lai Kew Chai J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The appellant, an Australian national of Vietnamese origin, aged 24, was
convicted of the capital charge of importing into Singapore on 12 December
2002 396.2g of diamorphine without authorisation under the Misuse of Drugs Act
(Cap 185, 2001 Rev Ed) (“MDA”). His appeal before us is against both the
conviction and the sentence of death.

**The facts**

2 The evidence led by the Prosecution at the trial proved the following facts.
At about 3.06pm on 12 December 2002, SilkAir Flight MI 622 from Phnom Penh,
Cambodia, landed at Changi International Airport, Singapore. The appellant was
a passenger on this flight. He was due to board Qantas Airways Flight QF 10 to
Melbourne, which was to depart Singapore at 8.15pm the same day.

3 At about 7.45pm, the appellant reached Gate C22 at Terminal 1 and began the
process of boarding the Qantas flight. When he walked through the metal
detector, the alarm was triggered. An airport police officer searched him with
a hand-held metal detector, but found nothing. When the officer tapped the
appellant’s back with her hand, she felt something bulky. She alerted the
other airport police officers on duty. Together, they brought the appellant to
the search room within Gate 22 for a thorough search. His haversack and
business bag were taken along.

4 Inside the search room, the appellant voluntarily took off his jacket and
shirt. He turned around and showed one of the airport police officers his
back. A plastic packet was strapped to the appellant’s lower back with yellow
and white adhesive tapes. At this point, the airport police officer notified
his superior, Sergeant Teh Kim Leng (“Sgt Teh”), of the find. The appellant
became very distressed by this time. He cried and hit his head on the wall.
When Sgt Teh arrived at the search room at about 7.55pm, he found the
appellant sitting on the floor, holding his head in his hands.

5 Sgt Teh asked the appellant what was on his back. The appellant replied that
it was heroin. Sgt Teh assisted the appellant in taking the packet off his
back. The packet was placed on the table. When Sgt Teh asked the appellant to
declare if there was anything in his luggage, he opened his haversack and took
out a second packet, which he handed to Sgt Teh.

**_The oral statement_**

6 At about 8.11pm, two narcotics officer from the Central Narcotics Bureau
(“CNB”) Changi Airport Team arrived at the search room. At about 9.10pm, CNB
officers from CNB Headquarters arrived to take charge of the case. The
appellant was escorted to an interview room at the West Wing Arrival Hall. In
the interview room, and in the presence of three CNB officers, the appellant
gave the following oral statement (“the oral statement”):

Q: What this?

A: I know it heroin although different colour

Q: Number 3 or 4?

A: I don’t know.

Q: Who asked you to bring?

A: I know him by “Sun.”

Q: To bring where?

A: Melbourne and someone [will] take from me or maybe Sydney.

Q: Who will receive the drug at Australia?

A: Someone will recognized me and told me he likes basketball.

7 At about 11.40pm, the party of CNB officers escorted the appellant from
Changi Airport to CNB Headquarters at Police Cantonment Complex, taking with
them the two packets and other case exhibits. They arrived at the headquarters
at about 12.05am on 13 December 2002. The investigation officer was one
Assistant Superintendent Toh Soon Teck (“ASP Toh”). ASP Toh was briefed. He
took custody of the accused and the two packets and other case exhibits. The
appellant was taken for a routine urine test. Photographs were taken of the
appellant and of the various exhibits recovered from his person.

**_Weight of drug exhibits_**

8**** At about 1.50am, ASP Toh weighed the two packets in the presence of the
appellant. He marked the packet taken off the appellant’s back as “Exhibit A”
and the packet taken from the haversack as “Exhibit B1”. Both packets were
placed in separate plastic “Ziploc” bags for weighing. ASP Toh used an
uncalibrated weighing machine and found the approximate weight of each packet
to be as follows:

(a) Exhibit A (recovered from the appellant’s back) 381.66g;

(b) Exhibit B1 (recovered from the haversack) 380.36g.

9 After weighing, ASP Toh locked up the two drug exhibits in his personal
cabinet as the CNB store to keep exhibits was closed for the night. The steel
cabinet was a four-drawer cabinet. It was double-locked by its own set of
locks and by an iron bar which was placed in front of the drawers and locked
from top to bottom to the frame of the cabinet. ASP Toh in cross-examination
affirmed that there were no other drugs in the cabinet. He further testified
that he had occasion to take out the two drug exhibits. He could not tell the
court the reason for taking them out. According to him, it could be that he
showed them to the accused before he took the cautioned statement from him. At
about 5.30am, ASP Toh locked up the two drug exhibits in his personal cabinet,
and left for home. He went back to sleep. In re-examination, ASP Toh said that
from the moment he took over the drug exhibits, the two drug exhibits were in
his custody until the moment he handed them to Dr Lee Tong Kooi of the Health
Sciences Authority (“HSA”). No one else had access to the two drug exhibits.
Only he had the key to the cabinet and the key to the padlock which padlocked
the iron bar to the cabinet. The trial judge accepted his evidence.

10 At about 11.00am the same day, ASP Toh took the drug exhibits out of his
personal cabinet. He then sealed them in their plastic “Ziploc” bags. At about
11.40am, he personally handed the sealed drug exhibits over to Dr Lee Tong
Kooi of the HSA for analysis. Dr Lee reported the following findings of his
analysis in relation to the drug exhibits:

|  **Gross weight with packaging** |  **Gross weight of powdery substance only** |  **Pure diamorphine**  
---|---|---|---  
Exh A |  361.64 grams |  340.8 grams |  151.5 grams  
Exh B1 |  370.94 grams |  349.6 grams |  244.7 grams  
  
11**** The findings of Dr Lee were unchallenged. There was, however, a
discrepancy between the gross weight of the drug exhibits as determined by Dr
Lee, and as determined by ASP Toh. Comparing the gross weights of the drug
exhibits (with their packaging), the discrepancy translated to a difference of
about 20g in respect of Exhibit A and about 10g in respect of Exhibit B1. It
should be noted that according to Dr Lee’s weighing, Exhibit B1 had a higher
gross weight.

**_The cautioned statement_**

12**** At about 4.09am, ASP Toh recorded a cautioned statement from the
appellant under s 122(6) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)
(“CPC”). The cautioned statement read:

I wish to say that I am sincerely sorry for the inconvenience to both your
country and mine. What I intend to say would be the truth. However knowing the
information would have been fabricated by the people who have organised this.

**_The investigation statements_**

13 ASP Toh recorded a series of four statements from the appellant over the
following few days. These are hereafter referred to as “investigation
statements”. They were recorded on 13, 15, 16 and 19 December 2002. The trial
judge reproduced them in full in his Grounds of Decision (reported at [2004] 2
SLR 328).

14 The investigation statements may be briefly summarised as follows. The
appellant described in fairly comprehensive detail how he had been in serious
financial difficulties in October 2002. He was contacted by one “Tan” and one
“Sun” in Melbourne, who asked him to transport a “package” from Cambodia to
Melbourne or Sydney via Singapore. It was clear that he wanted to earn money
by transporting drugs. He flew to Phnom Penh, where members of a drug
syndicate provided him with the heroin for transportation via Singapore. He
described how he strapped the packets of heroin to his person and how he
brought them into Singapore on SilkAir Flight MI 622. Midway through the
flight from Phnom Penh to Singapore, he had difficulty in breathing and he
removed one of the packets and placed it in his haversack. As recited earlier,
he was arrested at the Changi International Airport and the two packets of
heroin were seized from him.

**The trial**

15 At the trial in the High Court, several submissions were made. First, it
was argued that none of the statements taken from the appellant were
admissible. The submissions on their inadmissibility were based on arguments
under the CPC and the Evidence Act (Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed). It was further
contended that the statements of the appellant were inadmissible because they
were recorded in breach of Art 36(1) of the Vienna Convention on Consular
Relations 1963 (“VCCR”). It should be noted that it was not asserted by the
appellant that any of the statements was made by him involuntarily. Secondly,
it was submitted that the integrity of the drug exhibits was compromised and
that there was doubt if the two packets seized from the appellant were the
same two packets delivered to and analysed by Dr Lee Tong Kooi. If there is
any reasonable doubt, the conviction obviously cannot stand. The third major
submission challenged the legality of the sentence of death. It was argued for
the appellant that the sentence prescribed in the Act was not mandatory but a
maximum sentence. Counsel for the appellant also sought to rely on Arts 9, 12
and 93 of the Constitution of the Republic of Singapore (1999 Reprint) to
support the argument that the death sentence was unconstitutional and
therefore illegal.

16 The trial judge rejected these submissions and convicted the appellant. We
will not summarise the reasons of the trial judge as these, so far as they are
material, would be referred to later at the appropriate juncture.

**The appeal**

17 The same submissions on behalf of the appellant, which were advanced before
the trial judge, were repeated before us.

18 Against the conviction, the following arguments were advanced. The
appellant challenged the admissibility of the cautioned statement. Secondly,
the appellant contended that it was inadmissible because of the breach of Art
36(1) of the VCCR. Thirdly, the appellant contended that the integrity of the
drug exhibits had been undermined.

19 In attacking the legality of the death sentence, the appellant submitted
that the sentence prescribed under s 7 of the MDA was a maximum and not a
mandatory sentence. Secondly, if the death sentence was nevertheless
mandatory, it was illegal and should not be administered because it violated
Arts 9, 12 and/or 93 of the Constitution of Singapore.

20 We now address each of the submissions.

**_Admissibility of the appellant’s cautioned statement_**

21**** We refer to the cautioned statement recited in [12] of this judgment.
The admissibility provision for cautioned statements recorded by non-police
officers is s 24 of the Evidence Act. The question is whether the contents of
the cautioned statement is a confession. In the case of _Anandagoda v The
Queen_ [1962] 1 WLR 817 at 823–824, Lord Guest set out the test in this way:

The test whether a statement is a confession is an objective one, whether to
the mind of a reasonable person reading the statement at the time and in the
circumstance in which it was made it can be said to amount to a statement that
the accused committed the offence or which suggested the inference that he
committed the offence. The statement must be looked at as a whole and it must
be considered on its own terms without reference to extrinsic facts. … The
appropriate test in deciding whether a particular statement is a confession is
whether the words of admission in the context expressly or substantially admit
guilt or do they taken together in the context inferentially admit guilt?

22 We note that the appellant made the cautioned statement to ASP Toh in the
usual way after the charge had been read to him. The appellant was therefore
clearly referring to the discovery of the two packets of substance in his
possession when he apologised for the “inconvenience”. He also alluded to the
fact that he did not act alone and that there were people who organised
“this”, referring to the transportation of heroin from Cambodia to Australia,
which involved its unauthorised import into Singapore. He also impliedly
referred to the dissembling disinformation those people must have fed him, so
that the trail could not be traced to them. In our view, what the appellant
had said in his cautioned statement connected him to the offence: see _Abdul
Rashid v PP_ [1994] 1 SLR 119. The cautioned statement is therefore
admissible.

**_The VCCR issue_**

23 Counsel for the appellant submitted that the trial judge had erred in law
and in fact in ruling that Art 36(1) of the VCCR had not been breached and in
admitting into evidence the oral statement of the appellant in which he
admitted, _inter alia_ , knowledge that the two packets contained heroin and
that he was carrying them to someone in Australia. In this connection, counsel
for the appellant made three points. Firstly, Art 36(1) of the VCCR bound
Singapore. Secondly, Art 36(1) was breached because the appellant only met
with a member of the Australian High Commission 20 hours after he was detained
and the appellant was questioned before that time. Thirdly, the breach of Art
36(1) prejudiced the appellant. It was submitted that the breach operated
unfairly against the accused as he was not advised of his rights and did not
have the opportunity to consult a consular officer until 3.30pm on 13 December
2002, after the cautioned statement was recorded. We are of the view that
these submissions are without merit. In the light of the evidence, the trial
judge was right in finding that there was no breach of Art 36(1).

24 The VCCR is a key instrument in the regulation and conduct of consular
activities. There is an established practice for a State which has arrested a
national of another State to notify the consular officers of the State of the
accused person. Although Singapore is not a party to the Convention, Singapore
does conform with the prevailing norms of the conduct between States such as
those set out under Art 36(1), to which we now turn.

25 Article 36(1) has two aspects. Under Art 36(1)(b), the authorities of the
receiving State “shall, without delay, inform the consular post of the sending
State if … a national of that State is arrested or committed to prison or to
custody pending trial or is detained in any other manner”. This will be done
if the national “so requests”. The other aspect to note is that under Art
36(1)(c) when the consular post is aware of such a case, its officers “shall
have the right to visit … [that national] to converse and correspond with him
and to arrange for his legal representation”.

26 Having found that Art 36(1) was not breached, the trial judge went further,
as he acknowledged. He stated thus at [41]:

Assuming that there was a breach, it does not necessarily follow that the
[appellant’s] statements are inadmissible in evidence. There must be some
resultant prejudice that renders it wrong for the statements to be used, for
example, that if he had timely consular advice, he would not have made the
statements at all, or in the form or at the times he did.

We are of the view that the extension explicit in this _obiter dicta_ is in
principle and on authority unsustainable.

27 The trial judge did not have the benefit of considering the International
Court of Justice (“ICJ”) case of _Avena and other Mexican Nationals_ (_Mexico
v United States of America_) (31 March 2004, ICJ General List No 128) (“the
_Avena_ case”). The judgment was delivered 11 days after the Grounds of
Decision of the trial judge were released. The _Avena_ case dealt with the
content of Art 36(1) in customary international law, the meaning of “without
delay” within the meaning of Art 36(1)(b) and, more materially, the
consequence of a breach of Art 36 on the admissibility of statements taken
when the Article is breached.

28 In the _Avena_ case, Mexico brought a case against the United States
concerning 52 Mexican nationals who were arrested, detained, tried, convicted
and sentenced to death for various offences in the US between 1979 and 2003.
Mexico complained that the US breached Art 36(1) by not informing the Mexican
authorities of the detention of the Mexican nationals without delay. In some
cases, the Mexican authorities were only informed after the sentence had been
passed. In some others, this was done from 40 hours to several years after
detention. In arguments, Mexico took the view that under Art 36(1), access
should have been granted _before_ interrogation or any action potentially
detrimental to the person’s rights by the US.

29 The response of the US is noteworthy. The US argued that the ICJ did not
have jurisdiction to hear the case for a number of reasons. Firstly, it would
be an abuse of the ICJ’s jurisdiction to make a finding concerning the US
criminal justice system: see [27] and [28] of the _Avena_ case. Secondly, Art
36(1) only related to notification, and _not_ the detention, trial, conviction
and sentence of a foreigner: see [29] and [30]. Thirdly, the remedy sought by
Mexico would intrude into the independence of US courts: see [31] to [34].
Fourthly, the ICJ did not have jurisdiction to determine whether notification
was a “human right” as alleged by Mexico: see [35].

30 The ICJ ruled that it had jurisdiction. It accepted that Art 36(1) only
related to notification, but ruled that whether the arrest, detention, trial
and conviction of a foreigner might be unlawful would depend on the facts of
the case.

31 More prominently material to this case was ICJ’s rejection of Mexico’s
contention that Art 36(1) provided for consular access _before_ interrogation
or any action potentially detrimental to the foreigner’s rights was carried
out: see [87]. This was not the object or purpose of Art 36, nor was this
reflected anywhere in Art 36: see [85]. This was also not in the _travaux
preparatoires_ or pre-Convention discussions: see [86].

32 The ICJ also held that “without delay” did not necessarily mean
“immediately upon arrest”. It concluded that the arresting authorities had a
duty to give that information to the consular post of the country of which an
arrested person was a national as soon as they realised that the person was a
foreign national or once there were grounds to think that the person was
probably a foreign national.

33 The ICJ also rejected the contention that there must be consular access
before any statements were recorded. Accordingly, the appellant’s submission
that the statements in question are inadmissible is without basis.

34 We now turn to the question of the admissibility of the statements in the
event that Art 36 is breached. The trial judge observed that if there was a
“resultant prejudice”, the court might exclude statements recorded from an
accused person. This resembled Mexico’s argument that consular notification
must occur immediately upon detention and prior to any interrogation. The
ruling of the ICJ is apposite. It ruled at [127] that the question of
admissibility of a statement “is one which has to be examined under the
concrete circumstances of each case by the United States courts concerned in
the process of their review and reconsideration”. We agree with the
Prosecution that it bears reminding that Art 36(2) provides that the rights
created under the Article are subject to domestic legislation, in the
following terms:

The rights referred to in paragraph 1 of this Article shall be exercised in
conformity with the laws and regulations of the receiving State.

35 In our criminal justice system, the fundamental procedural principle is
that the nature of any violation and possible prejudice must be considered
under and in the light of our rules governing admissibility to be found in s
122(5) of the CPC or s 24 of the Evidence Act. These rules ensure the
voluntariness with which statements are made and the reliability of
confessions and admissions.

**_The drug exhibits_**

36 The principles relating to the chain of custody of exhibits in evidence are
settled. The Prosecution bears the burden of proving beyond reasonable doubt
that the drug exhibits analysed by Dr Lee Tong Kooi of the HSA were the same
as those seized from the appellant’s back and haversack. Where there is a
break in the chain of custody, and a reasonable doubt arises as to the
identity of the drug exhibits, then the Prosecution has not discharged its
burden, and has failed to make out a _prima facie_ case against the accused:
_Abdul Rashid v PP_ ([22] _supra_) at 127, [17].

37**** The trial judge accepted the evidence of ASP Toh that he had sole
possession of the drugs at all material times. ASP Toh testified that upon
taking over the drug exhibits from one Senior Sergeant Christopher Chan, he
immediately marked them “A” and “B1” respectively, which was a reliable method
to ensure the integrity of the drug exhibits. It is noteworthy from the record
of the trial that it was not put to any of the prosecution witnesses that the
packets that were seized were not those which the appellant had brought into
Singapore. There was also no suggestion whatever that there was any break in
the chain of custody of the drugs from the time ASP Toh handed them over to Dr
Lee Tong Kooi of the HSA up to the time they were weighed by Dr Lee. The
appellant in his own statement[1] admitted that he had himself heat-sealed the
two packets before bringing them into Singapore. On the evidence led, the
contents of the two packets remained sealed until the analysis by Dr Lee.

38 In relation to the discrepancies in the weights of the two exhibits, the
trial judge accepted that the discrepancies could be due to the purpose of the
weighing by each officer and the different levels of their expertise. ASP Toh
wanted the weight for inclusion in the holding charge. At that stage,
scientifically acceptable accuracy was not required and evidence was not led
that the weighing scale used by ASP Toh was calibrated to a high degree of
accuracy. On the other hand, Dr Lee’s equipment was accurate. In our judgment,
what is crucially important is to ensure that there has been no mixing of the
drug exhibits or the tampering of the contents. There was no suggestion of any
mixing or tampering. The evidence led established that the drug exhibits were
properly handed over from one officer to another.

39 Admittedly, ASP Toh said he could not remember the reason why he brought
out the two packets of heroin from the steel cabinet. In our view, this lapse
of memory, which was restricted only to the occasion, was not of any
significance. The crucial fact is that the two packets remained in the custody
and control of ASP Toh at all material times.

40 We therefore agree with the findings of the trial judge that the integrity
and identity of the drug exhibits had not been compromised at any stage.

**_Whether the death sentence is a mandatory or maximum penalty_**

41 Counsel for the appellant argued that the death penalty is the maximum
rather than the mandatory penalty for the offence under s 7 of the MDA. In
pressing for this interpretation of the statutory provision, counsel for the
appellant relied on the Second Schedule of the MDA as well as ss 9A(1) and 41
of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1, 2002 Rev Ed) (“IA”). It was further
submitted that there is no provision in the MDA stating that death is the only
penalty which may be imposed.

42 It is convenient to set out s 9A(1) and s 41 of the IA, including the
heading of each section.

**Purposive interpretation of written law and use of extrinsic materials**

9A¾(1) In the interpretation of a provision of a written law, an
interpretation that would promote the purpose or object underlying the written
law (whether that purpose or object is expressly stated in the written law or
not) shall be preferred to an interpretation that would not promote that
purpose or object.

**Penalties prescribed to be deemed maximum penalties**

41 Whenever in any written law a penalty is provided for an offence, such
provision shall imply that such offence shall be punishable upon conviction by
a penalty not exceeding (except as may be otherwise expressly mentioned in the
written law) the penalty provided.

43 In addition, counsel for the appellant referred to s 53 of the MDA which
provides that a district court or a magistrate court shall have jurisdiction
to hear and determine all proceedings under the MDA. It also provides that
notwithstanding the provisions of the CPC which limit the powers of sentencing
of those lower courts, the District Court and not the Magistrate’s Court shall
have the power to impose the full penalty or punishment in respect of any
offence provided by the MDA except the punishment of death. It was argued that
where the sentence of death was provided as the penalty it must be a maximum
and not a mandatory penalty.

44 In the late 1960s and early 1970s the drug problem in Singapore assumed
alarming proportions. The MDA, which was a consolidation of the Dangerous
Drugs Act 1955 (Cap 151, 1970 Rev Ed) and the Drugs (Prevention of Misuse) Act
1969 (Cap 154, 1970 Rev Ed), was passed in 1973. It did not provide for the
death penalty. Less than three years later, the death penalty was introduced.

45 The punishments for offences are prescribed in s 33 and the Second Schedule
of the MDA. The first column of the Schedule specifies the “Section creating
offence”, the second column specifies the “General nature of offence;” and the
third to seventh columns specify the “Punishment”. One looks across the
Schedule for the specific offence and the type and quantity of the drug
involved under the second column, and finally the punishment prescribed under
columns three to seven. When the Schedule is read in that way, the punishment
for the offence of unauthorised import of more than 15g of diamorphine is
stated in one word, “Death”.

46 We reproduce below the relevant punishment prescribed for the unauthorised
import of more than 15g of diamorphine in the Second Schedule of the MDA. As
an aid to statutory interpretation and to provide the text by which lesser
punishment is prescribed for the unauthorised import of controlled drugs
containing a lesser quantity within a range of quantities of diamorphine, we
also reproduce below the punishment prescribed for the import of not less than
10g and not more than 15g of diamorphine.

> > > **Second Schedule  
>  Offences Punishable on conviction**

|  |  Punishment  
---|---|---  
Section creating offence |  General nature of offence |  Class A drug involved |  Class B drug involved |  Class C drug involved |  Specified drug or quantity thereof or drug with specified content involved |  General  
7 |  (4) Unauthorised import or export of controlled drug containing such quantity of diamorphine being — (a) not less than 10 grammes and not more than 15 grammes   
  
(b) more than 15 grammes (5) Unauthorised import or export of controlled drug
containing such quantity of cocaine being — (a) not less than 20 grammes and
not more than 35 grammes  
  
(b) more than 30 grammes |    
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
  
— |    
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
  
— |    
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
  
— |    
  
  
  
Maximum 30 years or imprisonment for life and 15 strokes Minimum 20 years and
15 strokes Death  
  
  
  
Maximum 30 years or imprisonment for life and 15 strokes Minimum 20 years and 15 strokes Death |    
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
—  
  
  
  
  
—  
  
47 In the interpretation of the punishment for an offence falling under s
7(4)(b) of the first two columns of the MDA, a number of features of the
Second Schedule of the MDA are immediately apparent and noteworthy. The
punishment for the import of more than 15g of diamorphine is death, as
provided for in the sixth column.

48 In relation to the import of diamorphine of lesser quantities within the
range as mentioned above, the maximum and minimum punishments are prescribed.
A sentencing court having convicted a person of this offence has no discretion
to impose a sentence exceeding the maximum or falling short of the minimum.
Both of them are expressly spelt out in the sixth column. The maximum is 30
years or imprisonment for life and 15 strokes. The minimum is 20 years and 15
strokes. If Parliament had intended to confer on the sentencing court a
discretion to impose a range of punishments, it could have provided for it.
Further, if a range of sentences is prescribed for the import of a range of
diamorphine below 15g and not less than 10g, it is illogical to think that
Parliament would in respect of any unauthorized import of diamorphine of more
than 15g confer a discretion on the sentencing court to impose any sentence up
to the maximum sentence of death.

49 We refer to the appellant’s reference to s 9A(1) and reliance upon s 41 of
the IA. As the DPP has submitted, it is beyond doubt that Parliament
legislated the offence as punishable with the sentence of death. That is
patently clear from a reading of the Hansard. When the mandatory death penalty
was introduced for the unauthorised import of more than 15g of diamorphine in
1975, the then Minister for Home Affairs and Education, who tabled the Bill,
said (see _Singapore Parliamentary Debates, Official Report_ (20 November 1975
at col 1382)):

The death penalty will … be imposed for the unauthorised import, export or
trafficking of more than 30 grammes of morphine or more than 15 grammes of
heroin.

… It is not intended to sentence petty morphine and heroin pedlars to death.
It is, therefore, necessary to specify the quantity by weight, exceeding which
the death penalty will be imposed. … For heroin any quantity in which the pure
heroin [_ie_ diamorphine] content is above 15 grammes will attract the death
penalty. … As a comparison, Iranian law provides for a mandatory death
sentence where the trafficking only involves more than 10 grammes of heroin.

50 The object of the 1975 amendments to the MDA is therefore clear. An
interpretation of the punishment for the offence under s 7(4)(b) and falling
within the first and second columns of the Second Schedule of the MDA must
promote that object, which is the imposition of the mandatory death penalty.
In relation to the appellant’s reliance on s 41 of the IA, we are of the view
that such reliance is misplaced. It was argued that the punishment prescribed
for the unauthorised import of more than 15g of diamorphine implied that the
death penalty was deemed to be the maximum penalty. In other words, the
appellant’s counsel argued that the provision imposing the death penalty
“shall imply that such offence shall be punishable upon conviction by a
penalty not exceeding” the death penalty, “except as may be otherwise
expressly mentioned in the written law”. It was further pointed out there was
no express provision to the contrary. In our view, this submission ignores the
ultimacy and finality of the death sentence. It is absurd to suggest that
Parliament would contemplate any sentence beyond the death sentence. The death
sentence is the final and terminal sentence which a convicted person can
suffer. Any interpretation of the capital punishment prescribed, which asserts
it is the maximum, implies that there is a more serious sentence beyond the
death sentence and is manifestly untenable.

51 We finally refer to the arguments based on s 53 of the MDA where a lower
court tries the offence of unauthorised import of diamorphine of more than
15g. This section, in our view, is solely applicable to the specific and
particular situation where the Public Prosecutor, in his sole discretion,
prefers such a charge before the lower court. In preferring the lower court as
the trial court, it is then clear that the Public Prosecutor, in his sole
discretion, has come to the view that the sentence of death is not
appropriate. It is an exceptional situation. In fact, the Public Prosecutor
has never invoked s 53 of the MDA. In the event, on any reasonable reading of
the section, the District Court can lawfully impose a sentence on an offence
under s 7(4)(a) of the MDA as set out in the Second Schedule. This approach
would consistently promote the purpose and object of the MDA. Where the intent
of Parliament is clear, s 9A(1) should apply to the exclusion of s 41 of the
IA.

52 A similar interpretation was adopted in _PP v Loo Kun Long_ [2003] 1 SLR
28, where the High Court had to interpret an ambiguous punishment provision in
the Films Act (Cap 107, 1998 Rev Ed). The question was whether the fine of
$1,000 stipulated therein was the maximum or minimum fine. The statute was
silent, but a ministerial speech given in Parliament made it clear that $1,000
was intended to be the minimum fine. The High Court accepted this. We are
therefore of the view that s 41 of the IA does not assist the appellant in the
face of the clear statement of Parliamentary intent set out above.

53 The punishment for the unauthorised import of more than 15g of diamorphine
is, in our view, prescribed expressly and in clear terms. There is but one
sentence for the High Court to impose and that is the sentence of death.

**_Whether the death sentence is unconstitutional_**

54**** The appellant based his arguments on the unconstitutionality of the
mandatory death penalty on Arts 9(1), 12(1) and 93 of the Constitution of
Singapore. These Articles deal, respectively, with fundamental liberty of the
person, equal protection of the law and the vesting of judicial power in the
courts.

55 The appellant further contended that the Constitution imported customary
international law into Singapore and argued that the prohibition against
torture, cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment was a norm of
customary international law. The mandatory death penalty violated this
prohibition on two counts, namely (a) the imposition of the death penalty
would be grossly disproportionate in relation to the offence; and (b) the act
of hanging as a method of execution was a cruel, inhuman and degrading
punishment.

56 The challenge to the constitutionality of the mandatory death sentence is
not a novel issue. This has been raised on several occasions in the Privy
Council and in the Malaysian Federal Courts. The decision in _Ong Ah Chuan v
PP_ [1980–1981] SLR 48 (“ _Ong Ah Chuan_ ”) was a Privy Council case on appeal
from Singapore; the Malaysian Federal Courts in _PP v Lau Kee Hoo_ [1983] 1
MLJ 157 and other cases followed the decision of _Ong Ah Chuan_.

57 The court’s power to strike down any legislation for inconsistency with the
Constitution stems from Art 4 which provides:

This Constitution is the supreme law of the Republic of Singapore and any law
enacted by the Legislature after the commencement of this Constitution which
is inconsistent with this Constitution shall, to the extent of the
inconsistency, be void.

58 In _Taw Cheng Kong v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 943, the High Court struck down a
provision of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Ed) in the
exercise of its judicial review jurisdiction under Art 4 of the Constitution.
On appeal, the decision was overturned on its facts (see _PP v Taw Cheng Kong_
[1998] 2 SLR 410), but the Court of Appeal did not doubt the following
statement of principle by the High Court at [14]:

This ‘supremacy clause’ (art 4), mated with the entrenchment provisions of art
5, guarantees and secures the prevalence of a person’s fundamental liberties
over legislative and executive action which contravenes those rights. It is
the duty of the court to uphold and preserve those rights, and to impugn any
Act of Parliament or any course of executive action which injures, detracts
from or infringes those rights. Thus, as Yong Pung How CJ noted in _Chan Hiang
Leng Colin & Ors v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 662,

The court has the power and duty to ensure that the provisions of the
Constitution are observed. The court also has a duty to declare invalid any
exercise of power, legislative and executive, which exceeds the limits of the
power conferred by the Constitution, or which contravenes any prohibition
which the Constitution provides.

59 The appellant’s arguments on unconstitutionality made reference to several
very recent Privy Council decisions on the mandatory death penalty. These
decisions, in turn, made reference to international jurisprudence dealing with
“the right to life and the right not to be subjected to cruel, inhuman or
degrading treatment or punishment”: see _Watson v The Queen_ [2004] UKPC 34 at
[30].

60 We now turn to consider the arguments put forward by the appellant on the
constitutionality of the mandatory death penalty.

_Article 12 (equal protection)_

61 Article 12(1) provides as follows:

All persons are equal before the law and entitled to the equal protection of
the law.

The argument that the mandatory death penalty in respect of the offence under
s 7 of the MDA is a violation of Art 12(1) was considered and dismissed in
_Ong Ah Chuan_. The appellant readily admitted this, but said that the
argument sought to be raised now is different from the argument considered in
_Ong Ah Chuan._

62 Firstly, the appellant submitted that _Ong Ah Chuan_ was either wrongly
decided at the time, or alternatively, that the Privy Council would have
decided the case differently today. The appellant cited a good number of very
recent Privy Council decisions in support of the latter contention. They are:
(a) _Watson v The Queen_ ([59] _supra_); (b) _Boyce v The Queen_ [2004] UKPC
32; (c) _Matthew v The State_ [2004] UKPC 33; and (d) _Reyes v The Queen_
[2002] 2 AC 235. The first three decisions were rendered on 7 July 2004 and
only _Reyes v The Queen_ was before the trial judge when he gave judgment in
the High Court on 20 March 2004. Broadly, the significance of the first three
decisions is in the Privy Council’s reconsideration of _Ong Ah Chuan_ , and
its opinion that _Ong Ah Chuan_ is now no longer good law.

63 Secondly, and in the alternative, the appellant submitted that the argument
from Art 12(1) sought to be raised in this appeal was different from the
argument that was considered and dismissed in _Ong Ah Chuan_. It was said that
the trial judge “misconstrued the basis on which the submissions made to him
were put” and had “not dealt with” the precise argument put forward.

64 The appellant’s first argument dovetails with the Art 9(1) argument, since
it requires consideration of what impact, if any, the new Privy Council
decisions have on the authority of _Ong Ah Chuan_. We shall therefore consider
this together with Art 9(1) below.

65 For the second argument, the appellant contended that the specific question
_not_ considered by the Privy Council in _Ong Ah Chuan_ was whether the
mandatory death penalty offended the second limb of Art 9(1), _ie_ whether it
removed “the equal protection of the law” afforded to individual convicted
persons by way of the judicial sentencing process.

66 _Ong Ah Chuan_ was an appeal from our Court of Appeal. One of the questions
before the Privy Council was whether the mandatory sentence of death upon
conviction for trafficking in more than 15g of diamorphine (heroin) was
contrary to our Constitution. As evident from Lord Diplock’s speech at 63,
[32], the argument presented to their Lordships was that “the mandatory nature
of the sentence … rendered it arbitrary since it debarred the court in
punishing offenders from discriminating between them according to their
individual blameworthiness”. The appellant relied on both Arts 9(1) and 12(1)
in making the argument. The Art 12(1) argument was drawn in these terms
(_ibid_):

[I]t offends against the principle of equality … since it compels the court to
condemn to the highest penalty of death an addict who has gratuitously
supplied an addict friend with 15g of heroin from his own private store, and
to inflict a lesser punishment upon a professional dealer caught selling for
distribution to many addicts a total of 14.99g.

67 The Privy Council ruled that the mandatory death penalty for trafficking in
15g or more of diamorphine was not a violation of Art 12(1). Lord Diplock’s
reasoning proceeded thus. First, Art 12(1) requires that like be compared with
like. In other words, the individual is assured the right to equal treatment
with other individuals in similar circumstances. Art 12(1) does not forbid
discrimination in punitive treatment between classes of individuals in
relation to which there is “some difference in the circumstances of the
offence that has been committed” (at 64, [35]). Second, in _Ong Ah Chuan_ ,
this difference was in the quantity of the drug involved in the offence. The
discrimination that was challenged was that between the imposition of the
death penalty upon that class of individuals trafficking in 15g or more, and
the imposition of a lesser penalty upon that class of individuals trafficking
in less than 15g.

68 Lord Diplock at 64, [37] held that:

The questions whether this dissimilarity in circumstances justifies any
differentiation in the punishments imposed upon individuals who fall within
one class and those who fall within the other, and, if so, what are the
appropriate punishments for each class, are questions of social policy. …
Provided that the factor which the legislature adopts as constituting the
dissimilarity in circumstances is _not purely arbitrary_ but bears a
_reasonable_ relation to the social object of the law, there is no
inconsistency with art 12(1) of the Constitution. [emphasis added]

69 The social object of the MDA was defined at 64, [38] as being “to prevent
the growth of drug addiction in Singapore by stamping out the illicit drug
trade and, in particular, the trade in those most dangerously addictive drugs,
heroin and morphine”. Lord Diplock then held, at 64–65, [38]:

The social evil caused by trafficking which the Drugs Act seeks to prevent is
broadly proportional to the quantity of addictive drugs brought on to the
illicit market. There is nothing unreasonable in the legislature’s holding the
view that an illicit dealer on the wholesale scale who operates near the apex
of the distributive pyramid requires a stronger deterrent to his transactions
and deserves more condign punishment than do dealers on a smaller scale who
operate nearer the base of the [p]yramid. It is for the legislature to
determine in the light of the information that is available to it about the
structure of the illicit drug trade in Singapore, and the way in which it is
carried on, where the appropriate quantitative boundary lies between these two
classes of dealers. No plausible reason has been advanced for suggesting that
fixing a boundary at transactions which involve 15g of heroin or more is so
low as to be purely arbitrary.

70 This is the two-step “reasonable classification” test for validity under
Art 12(1). A “differentiating measure” such as the 15g differentia is valid if

(a) the classification is founded on an _intelligible_ differentia; and

(b) the differentia bears a _rational relation_ to the _object_ sought to be
achieved by the law in question.

The test has been applied locally numerous times: see, for example, _Kok Hoong
Tan Dennis v PP_ [1997] 1 SLR 123.

71 The appellant attacked the legislative judgment behind the 15g differentia.
It was said that the equal protection guarantee under Art 12(1) was “afforded
by the intervention of an independent judge,” and that the trial judge had
incorrectly “presume[d] that the power of the legislature [had] been exercised
properly”. It was further argued that he then “[used] that assumption as a
basis for his conclusion”, and thus avoided the real issue, which was the
constitutionality of s 7 read with the Second Schedule of the MDA.

72 The appellant cited _Mithu v State of Punjab_ AIR 1983 SC 473 (“ _Mithu_ ”)
as a general example of the way in which he wished us to address the Art 12(1)
issue. In _Mithu_ , the issue was whether s 303 of the Indian Penal Code (45
of 1860) infringed Art 21 of the Indian Constitution, which is substantially
similar to our Art 9. Section 303 provided for a mandatory death sentence only
in respect of murders committed by persons already serving a sentence of life
imprisonment (“life convicts”). In ruling that s 303 did infringe Art 21, the
Indian Supreme court gave extensive reasons as to why it thought that there
was “no rational justification” for treating life convicts differently from
other offenders. These reasons included, _inter alia_ , the lack of
sociological data showing that life convicts had a greater propensity to
commit murder.

73 It would have been wrong to decide the issue based on a blind acceptance of
the legislative fiat. On the other hand, it is the court’s “duty to declare
invalid any exercise of power, legislative and executive, which exceeds the
limits of the power conferred by the Constitution, or which contravenes any
prohibition which the Constitution provides”: _Chan Hiang Leng Colin v PP_
[1994] 3 SLR 662 at 681, [60] _per_ Yong Pung How CJ. As such, a fundamental
question in every such case is the proper weight that ought to be ascribed to
the views of Parliament encapsulated in the impugned legislation.

74 In the appeal before us, it is not as clear (as it was in _Mithu_) that
there is no “rational justification” for the 15g differentia at all. The
appellant asserted that it was “axiomatic” that the gravity of the offence
could not be gauged by the quantity of the drug alone. Yet the appellant had
not provided any material on which we may base such a conclusion.

75 In this respect, it is instructive to refer to the judgment of the Hong
Kong Court of Final Appeal in _Lau Cheong v HKSAR_ [2002] 2 HKLRD 612 (“ _Lau
Cheong_ ”). In _Lau Cheong_ , the issue before the Hong Kong Court of Final
Appeal was whether the mandatory sentence of life imprisonment for murder
infringed the constitutional guarantees against arbitrary punishment and
unequal treatment. The court addressed the legislative history of the sentence
for murder in Hong Kong at great length, including the 1993 amendment
ordinance that promulgated mandatory life imprisonment in place of the
mandatory death penalty, and the relevant speeches in the Hong Hong Hansard.
They concluded at [102] that the context of this particular case made it
appropriate for the court to “give particular weight to the views and policies
adopted by the legislature”. In the court’s judgment (at [105]), the
legislative history showed that “the question of the appropriate punishment
for what society regards as the most serious crime is a controversial matter
of policy involving differing views on the moral and social issues involved”.

76 In its approach to the constitutional issues, the Hong Kong Court of Final
Appeal therefore gave due weight to the history of the 1993 ordinance. In
particular, it was noted that the legislative debates showed that it had only
been possible to abolish the mandatory death penalty by introducing a
mandatory life sentence in its place. The court also gave due regard to the
fact that the mandatory life sentence was enacted in conjunction with a
comprehensive statutory regime for the individualised review of each sentence
imposed.

77 The appellant had not placed comparable material before us to properly
decide whether the legislative judgment made in s 7 read with the Second
Schedule of the MDA is insupportable. In the absence of full arguments on the
issue, the 15g differentia is upheld, and the Art 12(1) argument is therefore
dismissed.

_Article 9 (due process guarantee)_

78 Article 9(1) provides as follows:

No person shall be deprived of his life or personal liberty save in accordance
with law.

79**** The appellant’s argument was twofold. First, the mandatory death
sentence amounted to arbitrary punishment, which was not deprivation of life
“in accordance with law”. It was contended that the mandatory death sentence
was arbitrary for two reasons, (a) it flouted the equal protection guarantee
in Art 12(1); and (b) it precluded proportional and individualised sentencing,
which was protected by the prohibition against cruel and inhuman treatment or
punishment. We have considered the first reason in the preceding paragraphs.
As for the second reason, the appellant relied on recent Privy Council
decisions to support his contention. These are considered below.

80 Second, it was argued that even if the mandatory death sentence was not
arbitrary, execution by hanging amounted to cruel and inhuman treatment or
punishment.

81 We will consider each argument in turn.

Arbitrary punishment

82 It is well established that the phrase “in accordance with law” in Art 9(1)
connotes more than just Parliament-sanctioned legislation. In _Ong Ah Chuan_
at 62, [26], Lord Diplock held that the reference to “law” was to “a system of
law which incorporates those fundamental rules of natural justice that had
formed part and parcel of the common law of England that was in operation in
Singapore at the commencement of the Constitution”.

83 We do not propose to examine each decision in detail. However, in both
_Watson v The Queen_ and _Reyes v The Queen_ , the mandatory death penalty in
respect of certain classes of murder was ruled unconstitutional as a violation
of the prohibition against cruel or inhuman treatment or punishment. In
_Matthew v The State_ and _Boyce v The Queen_ , the Privy Council would have
ruled the same way but for certain “saving provisions” in the relevant
national Constitutions which preserved pre-existing national laws.

84 _Reyes v The Queen_ , an appeal from Belize, was considered and
distinguished by the trial judge below. In this case, the Privy Council ruled
that the mandatory death penalty for murder by shooting was unconstitutional,
since “to deny the offender the opportunity, before sentence is passed, to
seek to persuade the court that in all the circumstances to condemn him to
death would be disproportionate and inappropriate is to treat him as no human
being should be treated and thus to deny his basic humanity, the core of the
right which s 7 [of the Constitution of Belize] exists to protect”. Section 7
of the Belize Constitution provides that “[n]o person shall be subjected to
torture or to inhuman or degrading punishment or treatment”. There is no
equivalent in our Constitution nor in any local Act of Parliament. This was a
ground for distinguishing _Reyes v The Queen._

85 The case was decided in the light of the various international norms that
had been “accepted by Belize as consistent with the fundamental standards of
humanity”: at [27]. The Privy Council considered the content of a plethora of
international arrangements for the protection of human rights, including the
Universal Declaration of Human Rights (“UDHR”), the International Covenant on
Civil and Political Rights, the American Declaration of the Rights and Duties
of Man, and the American Convention on Human Rights. These arrangements,
together with a wealth of jurisprudence emanating from national, regional and
international courts, showed that an integral part of the prohibition against
cruel and inhuman treatment or punishment was proportionality and
individualised sentencing. It was against this background that the Privy
Council ruled s 102(3)(b) of the Belize Criminal Code, which referred to “any
murder by shooting”, to be indiscriminate and therefore void.

86 The above observations equally apply to _Watson v The Queen_ , which is the
Privy Council decision of 7 July 2004 in which _Ong Ah Chuan_ was said to be
of doubtful authority. The relevant passages at [29] and [30] read:

… It is no longer acceptable, nor is it any longer possible to say, as Lord
Diplock did on behalf of the Board in _Ong Ah Chuan v Public Prosecutor_
[1981] AC 648, 674, that there is nothing unusual in a death sentence being
mandatory. As Lord Bingham pointed out in _Reyes,_ p 244, para 17, the
mandatory penalty of death on conviction of murder long pre-dated any
international arrangements for the protection of human rights. The decision in
that case was made at a time when international jurisprudence on human rights
was rudimentary …

… The history of these developments is fully set out in _Reyes_. It is as
relevant to the position under the Constitution of Jamaica as it was in that
case to Belize. There is a common heritage. In _Minister of Home Affairs v
Fisher_ [1980] AC 319, 328 Lord Wilberforce referred to the influence of the
European Convention in the drafting of the constitutional instruments during
the post-colonial period, including the Constitutions of most Caribbean
territories. That influence is clearly seen in Chapter III of the Constitution
of Jamaica.

87 However, we are of the view that the mandatory death sentence prescribed
under the MDA is sufficiently discriminating to obviate any inhumanity in its
operation. It is therefore constitutional.

88 The common law of Singapore has to be developed by our Judiciary for the
common good. We should make it abundantly clear that under the Constitution of
our legal system, Parliament as the duly elected Legislature enacts the laws
in accordance and consistent with the Constitution of Singapore. If there is
any repugnancy between any legislation and the Constitution, the legislation
shall be declared by the Judiciary to be invalid to the extent of the
repugnancy. Any customary international law rule must be clearly and firmly
established before its adoption by the courts. The Judiciary has the
responsibility and duty to consider and give effect to any rule necessarily
concomitant with the civil and civilised society which every citizen of
Singapore must endeavour to preserve and protect.

Cruel and inhuman treatment or punishment

89 We now turn to the appellant counsel’s argument that the specific mode of
execution is contrary to the prohibition in customary international law
against cruel and inhuman treatment or punishment, which is part of the “in
accordance with law” requirement in Art 9(1). The appellant relied on Art 5 of
the UDHR in support of this proposition. Art 5 provides:

No one shall be subjected to torture or to cruel, inhuman or degrading
treatment or punishment.

90 To succeed on this ground of appeal, the appellant must first show that the
prohibition against cruel and inhuman treatment or punishment amounts to a
customary international rule. Next, the appellant must show that a specific
prohibition against hanging as a mode of execution is part of the content of
that rule in customary international law.

91 There is no difficulty with the first part of the appellant’s argument. It
is quite widely accepted that the prohibition against cruel and inhuman
treatment or punishment does amount to a rule in customary international law.
The prosecution also has not made any assertions to the contrary. The
following is a useful summary of the position in customary international law;
see _Restatement of the Law: Third Restatement of US Foreign Relations Law_ ,
Vol 2 (1987) at 165, § 702, reproduced in D J Harris, _Cases and Materials on
International Law_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 5th Ed, 1998) at 725 and 728:

Capital punishment, imposed pursuant to conviction in accordance with due
process of law, has not been recognised as a violation of the customary law of
human rights. It may, however, constitute cruel and inhuman punishment … if
grossly disproportionate to the crime. …

Torture as well as other cruel, inhuman, or degrading treatment or punishment,
when practiced as state policy, are violations of customary international law.

92 However, there is simply not sufficient State practice to justify the next
part of the appellant counsel’s argument as to the content of this customary
international rule. The appellant was unable to show a specific customary
international law prohibition against hanging as a mode of execution. Indeed,
the passage quoted above shows that there is not enough evidence at this time
to show a customary international law prohibition against the death penalty
generally. According to a report from the UN Commission on Human Rights,
_Question of the Death Penalty: Report of the Secretary-General submitted
pursuant to Commission resolution 2002/77_ UN ESCOR, 59th Sess, UN Doc
E/CN.4/2003/106 (2003), as at 1 December 2002, the status of the death penalty
worldwide was as follows:

Number of retentionist countries |  71  
---|---  
Number of completely abolitionist countries |  77  
Number of countries abolitionist for ordinary crimes only |  15  
Number of countries that can be considered _de facto_ abolitionist |  33  
  
The number of States retaining the death penalty was almost equal to the
number of States that had abolished it. In most States retaining the death
penalty, the mode of execution is by hanging or shooting.

93 The appellant relied on the US Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals decision in
_Campbell v Wood_ 18 F 3d 662 (1994) for their information as to the risk of
asphyxiation or decapitation inherent in the procedure of hanging. However, it
is worth pointing out that the majority of the Court of Appeals convened _en
banc_ decided that hanging did not amount to cruel and inhuman treatment or
punishment. The trial judge rightly observed this in his judgment.

94 We agree with the trial judge’s reasoning on the effect of a conflict
between a customary international law rule and a domestic statute. The trial
judge held that even if there was a customary international law rule
prohibiting execution by hanging, the domestic statute providing for such
punishment, _viz_ , the MDA, would prevail in the event of inconsistency. The
trial judge cited _Chung Chi Cheung v The King_ [1939] AC 160 and _Collco
Dealings Ltd v Inland Revenue Commissioners_ [1962] AC 1 in support of this
proposition. The appellant’s submissions are therefore rejected.

_Article 93 (separation of powers)_

95 The appellant further asserted that a mandatory death penalty breaches the
principle of the separation of powers on which our system of government is
based. The principle is evidenced in part by Art 93 of the Constitution, which
reads:

The judicial power of Singapore shall be vested in a Supreme Court and in such
subordinate courts as may be provided by any written law for the time being in
force.

96 It was said that the mandatory death penalty breached the separation of
powers principle because the Legislature did not have the discretionary power
to determine the severity of the punishment to be inflicted on an individual
member of a class of offenders. That power rightly fells within the province
of the judicial branch.

97 The appellant abandoned his argument in respect of the unconstitutionality
of the post-sentencing provisions of the CPC. Instead, the post-sentencing
provisions were said to be a “statutory demonstration” of the breach of the
separation of powers principle effected by the promulgation of a mandatory
death penalty. Further, it was said that Art 22P (grant of pardon by the
President) did not affect his argument, since it was inconsistent with Art 93.

98 These arguments overlap substantially with the grounds of appeal already
considered above. As such, they will not be traversed again, save only to
restate that the Privy Council in _Reyes v The Queen_ did not pronounce
mandatory death sentences absolutely unconstitutional, and to make the further
point that their Lordships did allow that there might be circumstances in
which the mandatory death sentence could be “sufficiently discriminating to
obviate any inhumanity in its operation”.

**Conclusion**

99 For the foregoing reasons, the appeal is dismissed.

Appeal dismissed.

  

* * *

[1]Exhibit P26

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 20 Oct 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

