Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Koh Keow Neo and Others v Chee Johnny and Others  
[2004] SGHC 94

Case Number | : | Suit 715/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 May 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Lai Siu Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Edwin Tay and Peter Ezekiel (Edwin Tay and Co) for first to eighth, and 11th to 79th plaintiffs; Alvin Yeo SC, Chou Sean Yu and Vanessa Lim (Wong Partnership) for first to fifth defendants; Harry Elias SC, Michael Palmer, Howard Chen and Lynette Chew (Harry Elias Partnership) for sixth and eighth to tenth defendants   
Parties | : |  Koh Keow Neo — Chee Johnny   
  
Contract – Intention to create legal relations – Whether informal updates sent
to flat owners reflected intention to enter into legal relationship  
  
Contract – Misrepresentation act – Negligent misrepresentation – Whether
actionable misrepresentation made out – Section 2 Misrepresentation Act (Cap
390, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  
Equity – Fiduciary relationships – Duties – Ambit of duty owed to principal by
gratuitous agent  
  
Tort – Negligence – Duty of care – Whether relationship of sufficient
proximity established between gratuitous agent and principal  
  

6 May 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Lai Siu Chiu J:

1 This suit revolves around a privatisation exercise, which went wrong, of
Bedok Reservoir HUDC Estate (“the Estate”). The estate was privatised on 1
February 2000 and is now known as Waterfront View Condominium

**The background**

2 The Estate comprises of 583 flats in 13 blocks built by the Housing and
Development Board (“HDB”), as a phase ? HUDC estate in the 1980s. The
abbreviation “HUDC” stands for Housing & Urban Development Corporation Pte
Ltd. HUDC estates were built in the 1970s to cater to the housing needs of a
“sandwich” class of Singaporeans, whose income overqualified them for
ownership of HDB flats but was insufficient to enable them to purchase private
housing. This was before the advent of executive condominium flats in 1995,
also introduced by the HDB (but built by the private sector) to meet the
public’s desire to own private property at more affordable prices. At the
material time, all 79 plaintiffs were flat owners in the Estate, together with
the first to fifth defendants. Carolyn Tan, R Ambika, Koh Sian Ann and Au Thye
Chuen (the sixth to ninth defendants) were at the material time partners of
the law firm known as Tan-Au Associates (“TAA”) which, on 10 February 2001,
merged with another law firm Thomas Au & Lim to form Tan & Au Partnership (the
tenth defendant).

3 In the mid-1990s, the government initiated a policy of privatising HUDC
estates, with a view to converting all HUDC estates to private estates by 1998
(according to press reports). The intention (according to the written
testimony of a HDB representative) was to allow HUDC residents to collectively
upgrade their estates to a standard comparable to private residential estates,
and thereby to enjoy the status and advantages of private property owners.
Privatisation of HUDC estates could be effected, under (the amended) ss 126
and 126A of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Act”),
only if 75% or more of flat owners in an estate consented. However, the Act
does not spell out precisely how the privatisation exercise should be carried
out nor is there subsidiary legislation to assist. Neither did the HDB
stipulate any mandatory procedures to be followed for the process. Upon
privatisation, HUDC leases issued by the HDB are converted into strata titles
under the Act, flat owners become subsidiary proprietors and are tenants-in-
common of common property such as car parks, playgrounds, open areas and
whatever other amenities that may have been built on the estate by the HDB.
Management and running of the privatised estate is taken over from the HDB or
Town Council as the case may be, by the management corporation formed under s
33 of the Act. The first HUDC estates to be privatised under the government
policy were Gillman Heights and Pine Grove in 1995.

**The facts**

4 On or about 8 September 1996 at a block party held in the Estate, Matthias
Yao, the then Senior Parliamentary Secretary of Defence and National
Development, announced the privatisation of the Estate; this was followed by a
gazette notification on 27 September 1996. The Ministry of National
Development (“MND”) is in charge of the HDB.

5 Responding to the call by an adviser to the Kaki Bukit Grassroots
Organisation for volunteers to join a pro-tem committee to co-ordinate the
privatisation exercise, Johnny Chee (the first defendant) came forward. Later,
Tang Se Kiong Adrian (the second defendant) and Liew Hiong Wah (the third
defendant) also volunteered to be members. Subhash Chandra Mehta (the fifth
defendant) joined the pro-tem committee in early 1997 but resigned in 1999 as
its vice-chairman, when he moved out of the Estate. Ling Chwee Seng (the
fourth defendant) joined the pro-tem committee in January 2000, after he moved
into the Estate in 1999. Susan Ng (the tenth plaintiff) was also a member of
the pro-tem at one time. So too were Francis Tan Seow Che (the 11th
plaintiff), Syed Yahia Aljunied (the 20th plaintiff), Chong Kwen Sam (the 29th
plaintiff), Khong Yueng Fung (the 31st plaintiff) and Adrienne Louise Pereira
(the 40th plaintiff) at various other times. The first defendant served as the
second vice-chairman of the pro-tem committee until he assumed the post of
chairman, when the first chairperson, Cheong Wai Yin, resigned around March
1997.

6 The pro-tem committee, which was considered an informal grassroots
organisation, initially came under the auspices of the Eunos Constituency
secretariat but in 1997, it was transferred to the charge of the secretariat
of the Kampong Kembangan constituency. Members of the pro-tem committee had to
be approved and were advised by the constituency’s Member of Parliament (“MP”)
which in this case was and still is George Yeo, currently the Minister of
Trade and Industry. The role of a pro-tem committee in a privatisation
exercise of an HUDC estate was contained in an information package (“the
Information Package”) issued by the HDB. Essentially, the pro-tem committee
was, _inter alia_ , to:

(a) act as the flat owners’ representative in the privatisation process in
consulting the HDB and other government bodies;

(b) inform the HDB, the relevant Town Councils and other authorities of the
flat owners’ views;

(c) keep flat owners informed of the status quo of privatisation;

(d) appoint solicitors to act in the privatisation process.

7 Apart from being pro-tem committee members, flat owners could also assist in
the privatisation exercise by becoming block representatives _ie_ each block
in the Estate had a representative who served as the liaison between the pro-
tem committee and flat owners of the block that appointed him. The articles
and objects of the pro-tem committee of the Estate were approved at its third
meeting held on 1 October 1996. The pro-tem committee received no funding from
the HDB or any government or grassroots organisation and its members were not
paid. Members of the pro-tem committee held meetings amongst themselves, and
also with flat owners, relating to the privatisation exercise. After such
meetings, newsletters (by way of “updates”) were distributed to all flat
owners to apprise them on developments as well as seek their views on the
privatisation exercise as well as on the general welfare of the Estate.

8 Between late 1996 and early 2002, the pro-tem committee issued 16 updates to
the Estate’s flat owners. Before the updates were distributed to flat owners,
drafts were first submitted for approval to Kampong Kembangan Constituency
Secretariat. The updates would also go the HDB and the MP. In the first update
dated 20 October 1996, the pro-tem committee explained the meaning of
privatisation, set out its pros and cons and estimated that the cost would be
about $25,000 per flat. Notice was also given that a mandate exercise would be
carried out to obtain the views of flat owners on privatisation.

9 On 11 November 1996, the pro-tem committee distributed an informal survey
form to the Estate’s flat owners to obtain their feedback on the privatisation
exercise. By 23 July 1997 (when the third update was issued) the pro-tem
committee had obtained the results of the informal survey. Of the 40% flat
owners who responded, 79% were in favour of privatisation.

10 In September 1997, members of the pro-tem committee took active steps to
garner support for privatisation of the Estate by making door-to-door visits
to every household, usually on weekends and Friday evenings. Notice of the
pro-tem committee’s proposed visits was given in the fourth update dated 10
September 1997. By the date of the fifth update (10 December 1997), the door-
to-door visits had taken place and the pro-tem committee’s mission was
accomplished – there was overwhelming support for privatisation. In the fifth
update, it was announced that the mandate exercise would be held on Sunday 22
February 1998 and lawyers would be appointed to take care of the legal
aspects. The mandate procedure had been explained in the fourth update which
stated under item 7:

The committee has set the voting target date to be in Feb 1998 or at the
latest Mar 1998. All lessees of a unit in the estate must sign a legal
document indicating their approval or disapproval. Those who are unable to
sign the legal document personally must obtain the power of attorney to
authorise someone to act for them. A mandate of more than 75% of all
households approving privatisation is required for the estate to be
privatised.

11 In preparation for the mandate exercise, the second defendant and the pro-
tem committee’s secretary (Jeanie Hoon) were tasked with finding a law firm.
After obtaining quotations from three law firms, the pro-tem committee decided
to and did appoint TAA by a letter dated 5 January 1998. The pro-tem
committee’s choice was based not only on the competitive quotation received
from the law firm but on the track record of TAA; they had acted previously in
the privatisation of the HUDC estate at Jurong East. According to the written
testimony of the sixth defendant, TAA had also acted in the privatisation
exercise of Hougang South as well as of Farrer Court, both HUDC estates. The
pro-tem committee informed flat owners in the Estate of TAA’s appointment in
the sixth update dated 6 February 1998. The relevant extract (item 2) of that
update states:

_Mandate for Privatisation: Voting is on Sunday 22 nd February 1998_

The Pro-Tem committee seeks the mandate for privatisation from all lessees on
the 22nd Feb 1998. We have appointed the lawyers from Tan-Au and Associates to
witness and validate the voting. There will be two voting sites – arranged for
your convenience – void decks of blocks 727 (for lessees of blocks 726-732)
and 738 (for lessees of blocks 733-738). Voting starts at 8 am and ends around
5 pm. For successful privatisation, 75% of residents must vote in favour of
privatisation. Voting will be done by signing a consent form in front of a
lawyer. … If you are physically out of town for a long period covering that
date, may I encourage you to obtain the power of attorney and assign a trusted
relative or friend to vote in favour of privatisation.

12 On 15 February 1998, the pro-tem committee issued a voting update (“the
voting update”) furnishing details of how the mandate exercise would be
carried out and giving flat owners as an alternative, the contact details and
address of TAA should they need to go to the law firm’s office to vote. To
further publicise the mandate exercise, the pro-tem committee pasted notices
around the Estate which, _inter alia_ , stated the date, time and place of the
scheduled voting. (The second defendant Tang See Kiong (DW3) was to later
testify that the wording in the notices was copied from that used in the
Jurong East privatisation exercise). Banners were also displayed around the
Estate announcing the schedule. The HDB was also informed by letter.

13 The mandate exercise proceeded as scheduled on Sunday 22 February 1998
(“the Voting day”) with two stations for voting, which inquiry/help desks the
first and fifth defendants helped to man. Voters who wished to vote in favour
of privatisation were directed to a station manned by staff of TAA to sign
their consents, whilst those who objected to privatisation were directed to
another station to fill in a dissent form, stating their names and giving
reasons for their objections. However, some flat owners who did not favour
privatisation did not fill out the dissent forms; these were referred by the
pro-tem committee as the “no show” cases. As for those who favoured
privatisation, there were instances where only one of two joint lessees of
flats signed the consent forms. These were referred to as “partial consent”
cases. The third defendant and some other members of the pro-tem committee
made door-to-door visits in the afternoon to remind flat owners to cast their
votes. Unfortunately, many flat owners were not at home. In the event, the
requisite 75% mandate was not achieved when voting closed at 5.00pm, according
to a tally done subsequently by TAA.

14 The pro-tem committee decided against holding a second mass mandate
exercise when it received TAA’s quotation for participation in the event,
which it considered to be too high, even after a discount. As an alternative,
the pro-tem committee accepted TAA’s proposal that flat owners be encouraged
to visit the law firm’s office to sign the consent forms. TAA therefore wrote
on 25 and 26 March 1998 to 67 “no show” and ten “partial consent” flat owners
requesting them to call at the law firm’s office to sign the consent forms.

15 On 6 April 1998, TAA wrote to the pro-tem committee with a list of flat
owners who had given “full” consents. The number totalled 435 which was 74.6%
of all flat owners. Between 6 and 10 April 1998 however, TAA received three
full consent forms which brought the tally to 438 votes, just crossing the
statutory limit of 75% by 0.12%. On 16 April 1998 (unbeknownst to TAA), the
pro-tem committee issued a circular to flat owners making an “unofficial”
announcement that the Estate had been privatised. The circular urged flat
owners who had not yet given their consent, to do so at TAA’s office. On the
following day, it followed up with a letter to the Estate’s MP and adviser
Minister George Yeo, to inform him of the voting outcome, indicating that the
pro-tem committee intended to proceed further to obtain a mandate of 80%. On
their part, TAA wrote to the HDB on 4 May 1998 forwarding the originals of the
438 consents the law firm had received.

16 With the prior approval of the MND, an official announcement of the
privatisation mandate was made by Minister George Yeo at a block party held at
the Estate on 27 August 1998; a press release was also issued that day. In
their letter dated 24 August 1998 (approving the official announcement of the
mandate exercise) addressed to the 1st defendant as chairman of the pro-tem
committee, the HDB warned:

We wish to highlight that given the mandate result being only marginally above
the statutory minimum level of 75%, the effect of the publicity would be touch
and go. It may spur more residents in the estate to support privatisation or
result in the reverse. Your pro-tem committee may thus wish to improve on the
result further.

17 With the 75% mandate, however, there were immediate benefits to the flat
owners, as spelt out in a letter dated 10 June 1998 from the HDB addressed to
the second defendant as vice-chairman of the pro-tem committee. These
included:

(a) the eligibility to refinance or re-mortgage their flats before legal
privatisation;

(b) the eligibility to purchase HDB resale flats for owner-occupation whilst
retaining their HUDC flat for rental;

(c) the eligibility to sublet their entire HUDC flat without the HDB’s prior
approval.

The letter concluded with a reminder to the pro-tem committee not to allow the
support level for privatisation to fall below 75%. I should point out that
even before the above letter from the HDB was received, the first defendant in
his capacity as chairman of the pro-tem committee had issued the seventh
update of 8 June 1998 (items 2 and 3) to inform flat owners in the Estate of
the immediate benefits of privatisation. Item 1 of the seventh update stated:

_Mandate for Privatisation is a Success_

I would like to thank all lessees for participating in the vote for
privatisation. Although some were undecided and some were not in favour,
overall we received the mandate to privatise as more than 75% were in favour.
Our lawyers have submitted the validated consent forms and HDB is already
processing them. We should receive an official letter confirming our
privatisation before the end of June 1998. Once again thank you to each and
everyone of you, and especially to the Pro-Tem Committee members and the Block
Representatives for their effort in all the work that has led to this
successful privatisation.

18 As the population of the Estate was not static, due to flat owners moving
in and out, or passing away, being adjudicated bankrupt or getting divorced,
the pro-tem committee had to canvass support for the privatisation
continuously, to replace previous consents given by flat owners which were no
longer valid. The pro-tem committee relied on the HDB for information of
changes in ownership of flats in the Estate. It also relied on the HDB for
periodic updates on the status quo of the percentage of support, including the
fact that in November 2001, support had fallen to about 73% to 74%. Whenever
the HDB informed the pro-tem committee of ownership changes, the pro-tem
committee would in turn instruct TAA (or the tenth defendant if after 10
February 2001) to prepare consent forms with which committee members would
approach new flat owners for their signatures. New flat owners after 22
February 1998 included the 25th, 26th, 43rd, 44th, 45th, 47th, 49th, 50th,
51st, 54th, 56th and 78th plaintiffs. The ongoing process of obtaining new
consent forms to replace invalid ones continued until 3 December 2001, when
TAA lodged the application under s 126A of the Act with the Singapore Land
Authority (“SLA”) for issuance of Subsidiary Strata Certificates of Title
(“SSCT”). I should add that TAA lodged the application only after the HDB, by
their letter dated 13 October 2001, gave the green light. As at 3 December
2001, there were 444 consent forms equivalent to 76.15% of all flat owners.

19 In the course of procuring fresh consents from new flat owners, the pro-tem
committee received feedback that “no show” and “partial consent” cases had
found it troublesome to visit the law firm’s office to sign the consent forms.
Consequently, in May 1998, someone mooted the idea of having members of the
pro-tem committee witness the consent forms so that the same could be signed
in the Estate itself. The HDB, when approached, agreed with the proposal,
subject to TAA’s consent. When consulted, TAA raised no objections but
required pro-tem committee members who witnessed the signing of consent forms
to swear a statutory declaration to confirm that fact. The precautionary step
was understandable, given that TAA, as the Estate’s solicitors, were required
to issue the standard certificate under s 59 of the Act. Eventually, the first
to fifth defendants were appointed to witness the signatures of flat owners to
consent forms and each of them swore a statutory declaration for every consent
form he or she witnessed. They witnessed 68 consent forms altogether.

20 The delay (between April 1998 and 3 December 2001) in submitting the
application for SSCT was due to a number of unforeseen and other factors
including:

(a) the survey and realignment of the boundary of the Estate;

(b) disputes with neighbouring HDB flat owners on the positioning of the
boundary, which came too close to one of their blocks; and

(c) slow progress in construction works necessary for privatisation including
the boundary wall, fire-rated doors, resurfacing of car parks and hard
standing bays.

The problem was compounded by the original contractors for the boundary wall
having to be replaced because they ran into financial difficulties. The
original and subsequent contractors were appointed by the Aljunied Town
Council (formerly the Eunos-Pasir Ris Town Council), which had taken over
management and maintenance of the estate from the HDB, in February 1990.

21 On 10 December 2001, the SLA wrote by registered mail to all flat owners in
the Estate to inform them that an application for SSCT had been lodged on 3
December 2001 by not less than 75% of the registered proprietors of the flats.
The letter enclosed copies of notices which the SLA had published in the
English and Chinese dailies, _The Straits Times_ and _Lianhe Zao Bao_
respectively, on 6 December 2001. The notices were to the effect that the SLA
would be issuing the SSCT to the flat owners after six weeks from that date,
unless valid objections were lodged in writing with the SLA before the
expiration of six weeks.

22 No objections were received by the SLA within the six-week deadline stated
in the newspaper notices or at all. Consequently, the SLA proceeded to and did
issue the SSCT to all the flat owners in the Estate which was officially
privatised on 1 February 2002. On 2 February 2002, the SLA issued the
certificate of formation of the Estate’s management corporation _ie_
Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2625 (“the MCST”). In March 2002,
the HDB through the MCST called for payment from the flat owners of $19,535.43
(the conversion fee) per flat, being the fees payable (inclusive of survey and
legal fees) for privatisation. A further sum ($2,000–$3,000) payable to the
HDB for construction costs has not yet been called for. The MCST held its
first Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) on 4 May 2002, chaired by an officer from
the HDB, Seng Joo How. It was attended by some 267 subsidiary proprietors
including one Teo Boon Huat Patrick (“Teo”), who raised and questioned the
validity of the privatisation process. Two days after the AGM, Teo sent a
lengthy e-mail to Dr Vivian Balakrishnan, the Minister of State for National
Development, voicing his concerns on the privatisation process.

**The dispute**

23 On 21 March 2002, a group of flat owners from the Estate signed a petition
to the HDB (“the Petition”) which was enclosed in a personal letter written by
a flat owner Dr Kevin Tan (“Dr Tan”) to their MP, Minister George Yeo. The
Petition questioned the validity of the privatisation exercise and complained
of various defects in the Estate (including sinking aprons, exposed gas pipes,
ageing lifts), which responsibility for, and cost of repair, the petitioners
put squarely on the HDB.

24 I should point out at this juncture that Dr Tan chose not to be a plaintiff
although his wife Tan Meng Lang (PW2) is the 57th plaintiff. When she was
cross-examined on whether Dr Tan shared her views on privatisation (which she
had opposed), the 57th plaintiff said she could not answer for him. Questioned
by the court why Dr Tan as a co-lessee of her unit (Block 729 #12-5066) chose
not to be a co-plaintiff, the 57th plaintiff said he had no time. That
explanation has to be viewed with some scepticism, in the light of the fact
that Dr Tan was the author of the Petition. He had attended meetings organised
by Teo (particularly those held on 18 April, 19 April and 11 May 2002,),
prepared the agenda and drafted the minutes of the April 2002 meetings and, in
his capacity as chairman of the MCST, called for an extraordinary general
meeting (“EGM”) on 26 April 2003 to consider suing the HDB. Further, he
presented a privatisation report at the EGM. Yet, Dr Tan did not have the time
to attend court notwithstanding his many personal grievances over the
privatisation process and the major role he played in drumming up support for
Teo’s cause.

25 Although the 57th plaintiff disagreed with counsel for the defendants when
the suggestion was put to her, there is little doubt in my mind that her
husband is not a plaintiff because he wished to avoid being cross-examined.
The offer from the plaintiffs’ counsel for Dr Tan to be cross-examined, after
his wife had stepped down from the witness box, came too late and was rightly
rejected by both the court and counsel for the defendants. The couple has not
paid the $19,195.96 conversion fee; neither has Teo.

26 Between April and May 2002, no less than nine meetings of disgruntled flat
owners took place organised by Teo, the seventh plaintiff. Teo’s involvement
extended to “facilitating” (in his own words) the printing of a circular dated
13 April 2002, distributed to those who had signed the Petition. He invited
the Petitioners to attend meetings which he had arranged on 18 and 19 April
2002 at which, at his own cost, his solicitor (now the plaintiffs’ solicitor)
was present. Doubts were sown at these meetings on the propriety of the
privatisation exercise. The discontent amongst the flat owners was reported in
the press and led to the filing of this suit on 18 June 2002. It also prompted
the Minister of National Development to make a statement in Parliament on 24
April 2003.

**The pleadings**

27 The original suit was commenced as a representative action by five
plaintiffs against the first to fifth defendants and tenth defendant,
purporting to represent 154 other plaintiffs. In December 2002, the writ of
summons was amended to its present form and 80 flat owners withdrew from the
suit. In the current and lengthy (105 paragraphs, 68 pages) statement of
claim, the 79 plaintiffs alleged the following breaches were committed by the
first to fifth defendants:

(a) breach of agreement,

(b) breach of fiduciary duties and agency,

(c) negligence and breach of duty of care,

(d) misrepresentation,

(e) negligent misstatement.

28 The plaintiffs alleged that by the unofficial announcement in the circular
dated 16 April 1998 and the seventh update dated 8 June 1998, the pro-tem
committee, including the five defendants, made them believe that a mandate of
75% had been obtained on the Voting day, and that subsequent votes in favour
of privatisation would be over and above the 75% procured on Voting day. The
plaintiffs averred that in May 2002 they discovered the representation was
false, misleading and untrue, as on Voting day, the percentage obtained was
less than 75%. They alleged that although this fact was known to the
defendants, all of them deliberately withheld the information from the
plaintiffs between the Voting day and 3 December 2001, when the application
under s 126A of the Act was lodged with the SLA.

29 The plaintiffs further alleged that in the interval (22 February 1998 to 3
December 2001), as flats in the Estate changed ownership, the first to fifth
defendants continued to and did garner an additional 75 votes for
privatisation, and the majority of consent forms executed during the period
between July 1998 and December 2001 were not attested by the sixth defendant
or any lawyer from TAA or the tenth defendant. The flat owners were alleged to
have been induced to sign the consent forms by false and untrue
representations made by the first to fifth defendants - since a mandate of 75%
had been secured, these flat owners (who included the 25th, 49th, 51st, 52nd,
54th and 77th plaintiffs) had a legal obligation to sign the consent forms in
order to obtain their SSCT under the Act.

30 The plaintiffs alleged that the consents lodged with the application for
SSCT were null, void and of no effect since the total votes attained on the
Voting day were less than 75%. Hence, there was no mandate for privatisation.
Further, no further votes could be garnered after the ballot was closed
without the express knowledge and consent of the flat owners to either extend
the voting period or have a fresh voting exercise. Any further votes so
garnered were consequently invalid.

31 In their (re-amended) defence, the first to fifth defendants, _inter alia_
:

(a) denied they were and had assumed responsibilities as agents of, or stood
in a fiduciary relationship with, the plaintiffs or owed the plaintiffs any
duty of care as alleged; they asserted their membership of the pro-tem
committee was more akin to being members of grassroots organisations;

(b) denied they or any of them, had made any representation to any of the
plaintiffs or to the flat owners at any material time, that the mandate for
privatisation was to be solely determined by the total number of consents
signed on the Voting day;

(c) denied that the circular of 16 April 1998 and seventh update of 8 June
1998 made the representations alleged by the plaintiffs; they asserted that
the contents of the circular and update were true as a matter of substance and
form;

(d) admitted that they (together with the sixth defendant) were aware that the
total number of consents signed on 22 February 1998 was less than 75% but
denied they had deliberately failed to inform flat owners of this fact; they
further denied that they owed any duty or obligation enforceable in law to
inform the plaintiffs or flat owners of the number of written consents signed
that day;

(e) admitted that members of the pro-tem committee continued to seek the
signing of consents from flat owners between 22 February 1998 and 3 December
2001 and averred that in April 1998 the total number of written consents
obtained from flat owners exceeded 75%; they contended that the total number
of consents obtained on 22 February 1998 did not by itself determine if the
privatisation would or would not proceed and averred that the pro-tem
committee was at liberty to continue garnering more written consents;

(f) admitted that 69 consent forms signed by flat owners were not witnessed by
the sixth defendant or a solicitor from TAA or the tenth defendant; they
denied their witnessing of those forms was not proper or lawful, as it was
done with the knowledge and consent of the HDB, upon advice received from the
SLA;

(g) denied any representation was made by any of them to any of the plaintiffs
or to any flat owner at any material time, that 75% mandate for privatisation
had been obtained on the Voting day and that the flat owners had a legal
obligation to sign the consent forms in order to obtain their SSCT; the five
defendants specifically denied they had made any of the alleged oral
representations to the 25th, 49th, 51st, 52nd and 77th plaintiffs;

(h) contended that flat owners were at all material times aware, from the
circular dated 16 April 1998 that those who had not signed consent forms on 22
February 1998 could continue to do so; the circular had stated:

**One More Chance**

For those who have not yet voted, we want to encourage you to sign the consent
form at Tan Au Associates, 10 Anson Road … so that we may record and send a
strong signal to the market that we have received a strong support for
privatisation.

And for those who did not agree, but would now like to go with the majority,
you may do so by signing the consent form at the lawyer’s office.

(i) asserted there was a valid mandate for privatisation when the application
for SSCT was lodged on 3 December 2001, which application was lodged not on
their, but on the, instructions of the HDB.

32 There is no necessity to refer to the pleadings filed by the sixth to tenth
defendants for the reason that in the midst of trial, namely on 17 November
2003, the plaintiffs withdrew their claim against the sixth, eighth, ninth and
tenth defendants. Earlier in March 2003, the plaintiffs had discontinued their
action against the seventh defendant. For convenience, the first to fifth
defendants will henceforth be referred to as the defendants, as they are the
only defendants left in this action.

33 On the third day of trial (13 November 2003), the defendants through their
solicitors made an open offer to all the plaintiffs in the following terms:

The Defendants are prepared to allow any individual Plaintiff to discontinue
his or her action against the defendants with each party bearing their own
costs (subject to the respective plaintiff unconditionally withdrawing all
allegations made in the action and undertaking not to take any other action
against any of the Defendants in respect of any matter that had formed the
subject matter of this action) and provided that any Plaintiff who wishes to
accept this offer must communicate his or her acceptance to the Defendants’
solicitors no later than 6pm Friday 14 November 2003.

34 Notwithstanding the above deadline, the defendants allowed a number of
plaintiffs to accept the offer after 14 November 2003. These were the ninth,
tenth, 29th, 31st, 32nd, 38th, 58th and 66th plaintiffs. The ninth and tenth
plaintiffs were not represented at the trial.

**The evidence**

35 Fifty of the 79 plaintiffs testified for their case. The principal witness
for the plaintiffs was Teo, the seventh plaintiff, whose affidavit evidence
was also the most lengthy. In their written testimonies, all the other
plaintiffs adopted his evidence (save for the 57th plaintiff when she took the
stand). The first, second, third and fifth defendants testified for the
defence whilst the written testimony of the fourth defendant was accepted,
without the need for cross-examination. The head of Special Projects Units
from the HDB, Gan Bee Ghee (DW5), was the last witness for the defendants.

**_The plaintiffs’ case_**

36 I turn now to the evidence adduced from the plaintiffs’ witnesses, starting
with that of Teo (PW1), who is a business consultant. Teo relied on the HDB
guidelines for privatisation (“the Guidelines”) for the plaintiffs’ case that
the defendants’ conduct of the privatisation exercise contravened the
Guidelines in the following manner:

(a) Voting took place on one day when the recommendation was to schedule the
same over several days.

(b) As the voting took place on 22 February 1998, the fate of the Estate was
to be settled on that day and not any other days since the Guidelines state,
“Lessees of at least 75% of the flats must agree before approaching HDB for
conversion.”

37 Teo alleged that the ninth defendant whom he approached on the Voting day
did not inform him there was a dissent form which flat owners could sign, only
that to vote against privatisation, Teo would have to call at TAA’s office. He
understood from the representations made to him (and to the other plaintiffs)
by the pro-tem committee or the defendants, that the form he signed on the
Voting day was meant solely for the purpose of the mandate exercise. He
understood the results would be announced, as stated in the voting update.
Instead, there was a period of silence before he received the pro-tem
committee’s circular dated 16 April 1998 making the unofficial announcement
that the Estate had been privatised. He was misled into thinking that the 75%
vote had been achieved on the Voting day. His mistaken view was compounded by
a letter dated 25 July 1998 from TAA signed by the sixth defendant which
stated:

We wish to inform you that the voting day was held on 22nd February 1998 and
more than 75% of the voters are agreeable to the privatisation.

and by the seventh update dated 8 June 1998 which stated:

[W]e received the mandate to privatise as more than 75% were in favour.

38 Teo complained that in the interval between 22 February 1998 and 4 May 2002
(when the first AGM of the MCST was held), there was no indication or document
to flat owners from the pro-tem committee, the defendants, TAA, the HDB or the
tenth defendant, that the mandate exercise on the Voting day had failed to
garner 75% support for privatisation. Flat owners were also not told that the
mandate exercise would be extended and continued until such time as the
requisite 75% for privatisation was secured. It was only in August 2002 that
flat owners learnt that the 75% mandate was not obtained on the Voting day.
Teo contended the sixth defendant’s letter dated 25 April 2002 was an
afterthought as she attempted to justify the Voting day as a conveyancing
exercise. As the requisite 75% vote was not obtained on the Voting day, Teo
asserted it was necessary to schedule another voting date _to re-garner votes,
not to continue to garner votes_. Otherwise, the Estate could not be
privatised. He cited the mandate exercise in Bishan-Shunfu HUDC (“Shunfu”)
estate as an example of what he and other plaintiffs expected. I shall return
to the Shunfu example later.

39 One of the plaintiffs’ assertions was that there was an agreement which the
defendants had breached. Cross-examined, Teo explained that the agreement was
one _inter se_ reached between the defendants and all the flat owners on the
Voting day, signified _either_ by their turning up to vote that day or _not_
turning up to vote. Anyone who did not want to be part of the agreement had to
inform the pro-tem committee. Otherwise, he would be considered a party to the
agreement. Teo further asserted that flat owners who purchased their units and
moved into the Estate _after_ 22 February 1998 were bound by their vendors’
consents given on the Voting day and thereby became parties to the agreement.
However, when cross-examined on the nature and terms of the agreement, Teo was
unable to particularise and/or gave inconsistent answers. Initially, he said
the terms were variously found in the fifth and sixth updates and the voting
update as well as in the first, fourth, and seventh to 16th updates at another
stage. The Guidelines were also thrown in for good measure. Eventually, he
said that the agreement was by conduct and was evidenced in writing in the
statement of claim itself.

40 Shown the relevant documents, Teo made the following concessions on his or
the other plaintiffs’ allegations:

(a) the Guidelines in the Information Package did not spell out that the
mandate for privatisation must be done only on one day;

(b) the consents of the flat owners need not necessarily be witnessed only by
solicitors;

(c) contrary to what attendees of the meetings held on 18 and 19 April 2002
were told, the HUDC Housing Estates Act (Cap 131, 1985 Rev Ed) does not apply
to the Estate because it is a phase ? estate.

41 On misrepresentation, the 57th to 79th plaintiffs (who did not consent to
privatisation) alleged that they were led to believe they were bound by the
75% mandate supposedly obtained on the Voting day. Hence, they did not assert
their right to object to privatisation. The first to 42nd plaintiffs alleged
that they lost their right to give consents afresh or to withdraw their
previous consents before the application under s 126 of the Act was lodged.
They were unaware that no mandate was obtained on the Voting day. Yet another
accusation levelled against the defendants was that they induced and procured
six flat owners (the 25th, 49th, 51st, 52nd and 54th plaintiffs) to sign the
consent forms by misrepresenting to those persons that the 75% mandate had
been obtained and privatisation was inevitable. The plaintiffs largely relied
on Teo’s testimony to support their allegations.

42 Cross-examined, Teo agreed that none of the updates he relied on had stated
that only votes obtained on the Voting day or other specific days would be
counted. On the contrary, some flat owners (such as Bena Belani) had requested
to sign their consent forms before the Voting day and some (like Poon Bee Guan
and Tan York Huay Sophia), after the voting day.

43 When he was cross-examined, Yu Mang Hsia (“Yu”), the 69th plaintiff and the
treasurer (since September 2002) of the MCST, revealed that none of the
resolutions tabled at the EGM by Dr Tan on 26 April 2003, including the
following, were passed:

3.1 The need to immediately, and if necessary, commence legal action against
the [HDB] to obtain an account of the Privatisation Costs claimed …

3.3 The need to immediately, and if necessary, commence legal action against
the parties responsible for the acceptance of the estate from Aljunied Town
Council (ATC) and/or HDB, including the HDB Interim Council (consisting of
Seng Joo How, Ong-Gan Bee Gee and Lee Soon Ai) and the Protem Committee (PTC).

3.5 The need to immediately, and if necessary, commence legal action against
the parties responsible for the awarding and/or administering of the contract
for, the construction of and/or for the acceptance of the Boundary Fence
including ATC, Premas International Ltd [managing agents before the MCST], the
Interim Council ..., the PTC and/or the contractors.

3.7 To approve the call of contributions for the legal costs required of $160
per share-value or $640 per household for all or such of the above steps, and
whether by a single lump sum payment and/or by several payments. …

3.8 Further, and in the alternative to resolution 3.7 above, to approve the
call for contributions to cover the cost of carrying out the above
rectification works up to a maximum of $21,250 per share-value or $85,000 per
household, and whether by a single lump sum payment and/or by several
payments. …

44 Yu (PW5) explained that the conversion fee of $19,535.43 was not paid by
some households because flat owners had passed a resolution at the 2002 AGM of
the MCST, to hold payment in abeyance until an explanation was forthcoming
from the HDB, on how the bill was raised. The council received no response
from the HDB. The HDB as well as the developers (not identified) refused to
meet with members of the MCST to discuss outstanding issues. That prompted the
calling of the April 2003 EGM; the MCST wanted to be proactive in solving
problems.

45 Yu (who had voted against privatisation on the Voting day) also complained
that the Aljunied Town Council spent $1m on the boundary wall when $600,000
would have sufficed. Even then, the boundary wall had shown defects soon after
its construction in 2001–2002. When asked what action the Aljunied Town
Council had taken on the defects, the MCST was told the council was claiming
liquidated damages against the first contractor, which was futile since the
contractor had gone bankrupt early in the construction stage. Yu added that
the Aljunied Town Council only handed over $800,000 to the MCST as the balance
of sinking funds for the Estate and did not provide a breakdown to date,
despite requests from the MCST.

46 Yu did not justify or render a breakdown for the exorbitant figures of
$21,250 and $85,000 set out in resolution 3.8 tabled at the EGM. I can only
assume it was a tactic (as the defendants submitted) meant to scare the flat
owners into accepting the much cheaper option of paying $640 per household to
engage lawyers to sue whoever was at fault. Fortunately, good sense prevailed
and none of the resolutions tabled were passed.

**_The defendants’ case_**

47 All the defendants testified that there was no such agreement as propounded
by the plaintiffs. There was never any intention on the part of the pro-tem
committee (including the defendants) to create legal relations between
themselves and the other flat owners by way of the various updates or
otherwise. The defendants’ assertion in this respect was not challenged by the
plaintiffs’ counsel during their cross-examination.

48 The defendants’ key witness was the first defendant. He denied any
representations were made to the plaintiffs. He clarified that statements in
the various updates were not representations but only informal communications
to flat owners. No representations were made to flat owners either, that the
mandate for privatisation would only be taken on the Voting day and no other
days. It was also evident from the Information Package that the mandate
exercise could take place over a period of time. The exercise took place on
one day purely for pragmatic reasons. Voting on that one day was not a polling
exercise in the political sense.

49 The first defendant pointed out that it was clear from the voting update
that flat owners could opt to sign their consents at the office of TAA, before
and after the Voting day. If indeed the plaintiffs’ complaint had any
credence, it was strange that none of the flat owners objected to the
continued canvassing for votes by the pro-tem committee, after the Voting day
and before early 2002. Further, the circular of 16 April 1998 had urged flat
owners who had not done so, to sign their consents at the law firm’s office.
There was no misrepresentation by him or the pro-tem committee in the circular
of 16 April 1998 or in the seventh update of 8 June 1998 as, by those dates,
the 75% mandate had indeed been achieved, according to TAA.

50 The first defendant denied he owed flat owners, including the plaintiffs,
any duties of care in negligence. Neither did he owe them any duties not to
make negligent misstatements. In any case, he had at all times taken care to
provide accurate information to flat owners, pointing out that he and his
fellow committee members (including some of the plaintiffs at one time) were
all volunteers. He denied there was any understanding or agreement reached
_inter se_ between himself and the flat owners as alleged by Teo, and that the
pro-tem committee members owed fiduciary duties to flat owners and acted as
their agents. He disputed the plaintiffs’ allegation that the percentage of
votes for privatisation had dropped to a low of 64.14% at some stage. He
contended that the witnessing by the defendants of consent forms was perfectly
valid, which evidence was corroborated by the HDB’s representative.

51 The first defendant revealed that despite privatisation, the flat owners
still pay the same amount ($104) by way of maintenance charges, although not
to the Aljunied Town Council but to the MCST. He concluded his written
testimony with his surmise on why the plaintiffs had commenced this action -
they were unwilling to pay the conversion fee and were attempting to obtain a
waiver or reimbursement of the sum (if paid) from the HDB. The first defendant
speculated that the real target of the plaintiffs is actually the HDB whom the
plaintiffs are attempting to manoeuvre to the negotiating table, using the
defendants as scapegoats. I believe his surmise is not unfounded as, when
counsel for the plaintiffs cross-examined the first defendant, one of the
first questions asked was whether the first defendant agreed that the HDB was
at fault, and if so, should the court rule in the plaintiffs’ favour.

52 The first defendant was cross-examined on why the language used in the 13th
update differed from that used in earlier updates by the pro-tem committee. He
explained it was due to his receipt of Teo’s e-mail dated 5 July 2000
threatening legal action. On the advice of TAA, the pro-tem committee decided
to put the following disclaimer in the 13th update:

Any information we present to you in the updates or in any other form is
unofficial. If you want to act on the information, you must check it for
accuracy and validity.

53 The 25th, 49th 51st 52nd and 54th plaintiffs who (except for the 52nd
plaintiff) moved in after the Voting day, alleged that the defendants had
visited them, told them the Estate had been privatised and that their consents
were necessary for the issuance to them of the SSCT. The first, second, fourth
and fifth defendants denied they made this representation, which denial was
also not challenged during cross-examination. Strangely enough, although he
complained that two of the defendants had misled him (whose identity he was
not at all certain), the 51st plaintiff testified he did not want the Estate
to be de-privatised. In the case of the 25th plaintiff, it appeared from his
oral evidence that his complaint was not levelled against the defendants. He
insisted it was two ladies from the pro-tem committee (whose names he could
not recall) who procured his signature to the consent form, even though the
first defendant testified he witnessed the 25th plaintiff’s signature, as
evidenced from the consent form. The 51st plaintiff’s oral testimony
contradicted the plaintiffs’ further and better particulars which alleged that
the misrepresentation was made by the first and second defendants, but not the
fifth defendant.

54 I refer next to the testimony of the HDB’s representative, Ong-Gan Bee Ghee
(“Ms Gan”). The Special Projects Unit of which she is the head (since 1994) is
tasked by the MND with overseeing the privatisation process of HUDC estates.
She testified that the Estate was the fourth batch of HUDC estates to be
selected for privatisation.

55 In order to assist the pro-tem committee on how to initiate the
privatisation process, Ms Gan said the HDB not only furnished the committee
members with the Information Package but also gave them the contacts of pro-
tem committee members of Gillman Heights, Pine Grove and Jurong East HUDC
estates. Ms Gan stated that the HDB never intended that the mandate exercise
must or should be conducted on a single day. The pro-tem committee was given a
large measure of independence to perform their work. As far as the HDB was
concerned, the pro-tem committee (with whom it worked closely) could continue
to garner support for privatisation, until such time as the application under
s 126 of the Act was lodged. In a summary of the briefing given by the HDB on
26 September 1996 sent by the first chairperson of the pro-tem committee to
the other committee members was a section entitled “Pointers to note about the
‘Polling’ Exercise”; it stated:

Individual owners are to indicate their support by signing Application for
Subsidiary Strata Certificate of Titles.

Exercise should be carried out over a few days, including weekends.

Solicitor to witness and certify correctness of Application Forms.

All lessees of the same unit must sign on the form.

For death cases, Power of Attorney, change of name, etc, copies of legal
documents are to be attached to Forms and verified against original documents.

56 Ms Gan confirmed that the HDB only received official confirmation of the
75% mandate from TAA on 4 May 1998. After the Voting day, the HDB was informed
that the 75% vote was not achieved. The HDB checked and verified the original
consents forwarded by the law firm on 4 May 1998 as well as those lodged for
the application under s 126 of the Act, on 3 December 2001. The HDB was
satisfied that the privatisation exercise was properly carried out by the pro-
tem committee, in accordance with the law and the Guidelines. As the Estate
was a phase ? HUDC estate, the conversion fee included the loss to the HDB of
income generated from car park lots in the Estate. This was clearly set out in
the Information Package. The HDB had estimated the cost of each car park lot
at $20,000; the Estate has 590 car park and 30 motorcycle lots. Further,
unlike HUDC estates under phases ? and ?, the Estate being a phase ? estate,
did not own the common property. Flats in phase I HUDC estates such as Pine
Grove had been sold at prices higher than those in phase ? estates, to factor
in the cost of common property. The conversion fee was billed to the MCST
which, in turn, would recover the same from the flat owners by way of
contributions. The HDB allowed subsidiary proprietors a year’s grace to pay
the amount, subject to payment of interest commencing 60 days after the date
of the bill.

57 Ms Gan revealed that even before the SLA’s notices to issue the SSCT
appeared in the newspapers on 6 December 2001, the HDB of its own accord had
written (in late January 2002) a comprehensive letter to all flat owners in
the Estate. It updated them on post-privatisation developments in the Estate,
including the formation of the MCST and billing of the conversion fee. No
response and/or objections were received by the HDB from any flat owner to
either the letter or to the notices placed by the SLA in the press.

58 Ms Gan further revealed that she rendered a reply (dated 30 April 2002) on
the HDB’s behalf, to the plethora of complaints raised in the Petition
presented by Dr Tan. At the behest of Minister George Yeo, the HDB agreed in
the letter to carry out goodwill repairs to the aprons at three blocks in the
Estate and indicated it would review sunken aprons at other blocks. She also
wrote to Teo on 3 May 2002, replying to the e-mail he had addressed to the
Prime Minister’s office on 27 April 2002. In the letter, she explained the
role of TAA in the privatisation process, the estimated conversion costs of
$25,000 and the roles of the Aljunied Town Council before, and the role of the
MCST after, privatisation. She had also replied on 13 May 2002 to Teo on other
queries he had raised in an e-mail to the 60th plaintiff on 6 May 2002, copied
to the HDB.

59 Cross-examined, Ms Gan testified that seeking the 75% mandate was a
continuing exercise which could go on indefinitely, citing as an example the
experience of Hougang HUDC estate. In the case of Shunfu, Ms Gan said there
was no mandate for privatisation yet and the HDB was prepared to wait until
such time as the residents obtained the 75% vote. Where the HDB was concerned,
there was no cut-off date to sign the consent forms nor for the residents of
any HUDC estate to agree to privatisation. No cut-off date was stated in the
Information Package. She emphasised that what was crucial was that the 75%
mandate must be obtained as at the date the application under s 126 of the Act
was submitted. Ms Gan explained that by 3 December 2001, all the necessary
works for privatisation of the Estate had already been undertaken and
completed at the HDB’s cost, including construction of fire engine access,
hard standing areas and the boundary wall. Otherwise, TAA would not have been
requested to lodge the application for SSCT.

**The defendants’ submissions**

60 In their closing submissions, the first to fifth defendants accused Teo
(and Dr Tan as well as Lim Beng Huat Henry (the 60th plaintiff/PW43) of having
a hidden agenda in instigating the other plaintiffs to institute this suit.
The trio was described (in para 103 of the defendants’ submissions) as
“ringleaders of a relentless propaganda campaign designed to stoke anti-
privatisation sentiments among the residents of the Estate”. Their agenda was
to generate sufficient adverse publicity so as to induce the authorities (such
as the HDB and the MND) either to unwind the privatisation process or to agree
to certain gratuitous benefits, _eg_ the rectification of alleged defects in
the Estate. Consequently, the defendants argued, this action was brought in
bad faith and is an abuse of the court process.

61 The defendants relied on an e-mail from Teo to the first defendant and his
co-chairman, Henry Low, dated 22 April 2002, as evidence of Teo’s true motive
for whipping up dissent among the flat owners. The e-mail[1] states:

Why was the application to privatise done only on 3 December 2001. _The
valuation of my flat has dropped tremendously in the period_ and I have been
unable to refinance to enjoy a lower interest rate because of this delay. Who
shall I make my claim for damages on?

Why am I supposed to pay some $19,000 for the transfer of common property when
to my understanding of the HUDC Act says that the transfer of common property
is for a nominal sum of S$1.00.

Emphasis was placed on the italicised words by the defendants. Teo was
described by the defendants as a dishonest witness whose numerous
inconsistencies in his evidence were painstakingly highlighted by them in
their submissions. The defendants also produced a transcript (which Teo and
his counsel did not challenge) of Teo’s remarks to attendees at the meeting on
11 May 2002, to reinforce their accusation that he stoked discontent amongst
flat owners. Teo was also accused of taking liberties with the truth in his
e-mail dated 6 May 2002 to the Minister of State, MND.

62 The defendants further referred to extracts from a circular dated 27 August
2002 sent to flat owners by the 60th plaintiff which stated:

18 Don’t worry. It is not a question of we wanting to sue our PC [pro-tem
committee]. It is not a question of we being not honourable. …

19 Others will know that we are serious in our affairs if we seek redress by
suing – not by complaining or bemoaning. … There must be numbers. It is never
too late, unless we wait till we bleed. Everyone is needed for the larger
good.

20 The numbers taking action are very crucial. Let’s show that there is an
overwhelming dissatisfaction and injustice. The Court or the Government will
look at the ‘larger good’ even if justice seemed to be ignored or thrown out
of Court.

21 Also with overwhelming numbers, the legal fee is unlikely to be near $1,000
per SP [subsidiary proprietor], if we lose the case. If we win, the fee will
be even lesser and we may get back our $25,000. Surely, this action is better
than paying and paying with privatisation and that is after throwing away
$25,000.

63 The defendants pointed out that the 60th plaintiff had admitted, under
cross-examination, that his intention was to get the authorities involved in
mediating the privatisation process, by getting as much support as possible
for himself and his fellow dissidents. The 60th plaintiff had then admitted
that the plaintiffs were forced to sue when the authorities did not intervene
as he had hoped. Questioned on his e-mail dated 3 April 2003 where he
indicated he would bankrupt those concerned, the 60th plaintiff agreed the
threat was directed against the defendants. However, he disagreed he intended
to bring the defendants to ruin by suing them, claiming he only wanted to seek
justice. He denied Teo was the plaintiffs’ ringleader. Although he opposes the
privatisation process, the 60th plaintiff has paid the conversion fee, but he
no longer resides in the Estate.

64 The defendants also singled out Francis Tan Seow Che, the 11th plaintiff
(PW10), as another person with a hidden agenda. Notwithstanding that he had
been a pro-tem committee member, he joined the action because he saw the court
as an avenue to ventilate his unhappiness over the privatisation process.

65 Another observation made by the defendants was the lack of explanation
(apart from that given by the 57th plaintiff) on why some co-lessees and
spouses of plaintiffs (including Teo) did not join in the action. In their
submissions, the plaintiffs did not attempt to give any explanation for the
discrepancy but merely dismissed it as irrelevant to the claim and the
defence, pointing out it would make no difference to the remedies sought by
the plaintiffs, if co-lessees were omitted as parties to the action.

**The plaintiffs’ submissions**

66 The plaintiffs started their submissions with complaints on the defendants’
conduct, alleging the latter bombarded the plaintiffs will numerous
interlocutory applications (including applications for further and better
particulars of the statement of claim, interrogatories and holding Teo in
contempt of court) in an attempt to stop the case from coming to trial.

67 On the defendants’ contention that they were used as scapegoats, the
plaintiffs explained that they chose to sue the defendants and not the other
members of the pro-tem committee because the defendants were the only ones who
obtained statutory declarations from the plaintiffs, in breach of s 57 of the
Act. In addition, the defendants were responsible for the material
misrepresentations made to the plaintiffs.

68 Although the plaintiffs acknowledged that the defendants were gratuitous
agents, they argued that such a fact did not exonerate the defendants from
liability or responsibility. The plaintiffs submitted that the defendants
still owed a duty of care to the flat owners to act in an honest and
transparent manner; they cannot portray themselves as victims.

69 The plaintiffs argued that the words used in the updates were intended to
create legal relations. They made much of the fact that the first defendant
had used the words “voting” and “vote” in the updates and rejected his
explanation that he had used the words out of convenience. The plaintiffs also
criticised Ms Gan’s testimony that the words “voting” and “polling” were used
for lack of better words. In their opening statement, the plaintiffs urged the
court to take into account that the HDB has a vested interest in the outcome
of this suit and would naturally align itself with the defendants’ position.

70 The plaintiffs contended the words “voting” or “vote” could only have meant
that 22 February 1998 would be the polling day and no other. Consequently, the
plaintiffs were led to believe it was a one-day exercise with a clear cut-off
period. They disputed the defendants’ submission that nowhere in the updates
was it stated that only the consents received on 22 February 1998 counted and
that no further consents were to be obtained or received after that date. They
relied on the evidence of Teo that the voting update merely advised the flat
owners that they could, on 22 February 1998, have the alternative of going to
the office of TAA to vote, if they were unable to do so at the Estate itself.
The plaintiffs submitted that although a sample voting form was circulated
with the voting update, there was no proper or adequate explanation on how the
form was to be utilised.

71 The plaintiffs accused the defendants of creating a wrong impression by the
untruths contained in the unofficial announcement of 16 April 1998, that the
75% mandate had been obtained on the Voting day. The defendants were also
accused of acting in a dishonest and improper manner in tricking the 25th,
49th, 51st, 52nd and 54th plaintiffs to give consent forms. They alleged that
the defendants had a vested interest in witnessing the consent forms as they
wanted the Estate to be privatised. The plaintiffs pounced on an attendance
note of TAA of 26 February 1998 which stated that the second defendant (with
the knowledge of the first defendant) instructed TAA _not_ to inform the HDB
until the 75% mandate for privatisation was secured. They alleged it showed
the surreptitious manner in which defendants concealed the outcome of the
Voting day. It is only fair to point out that when he was cross-examined on
the attendance note, the second defendant (DW3) explained that he was acting
in accordance with the Guidelines as they stated that the HDB only wanted to
be informed when the 75% vote was attained. In any case, Ms Gan testified that
the HDB was informed by TAA of the outcome of the Voting day.

72 Although they admitted they were unhappy with the physical defects in the
Estate, the plaintiffs denied that their instituting this suit was an indirect
method to coerce the HDB into rectifying the defects. They denied they had a
hidden agenda, claiming they were genuinely concerned about justice and wanted
a proper legal recourse concerning the conduct of the defendants. The
plaintiffs submitted that the defendants produced no evidence that Dr Tan
instigated this suit or that he had influenced the decisions of the
plaintiffs. They dismissed the allegations in this regard against Teo and the
60th plaintiff as baseless. The plaintiffs argued Teo was a concerned resident
who gave his all to see that justice was done. Yet, the defendants attacked
him to the extent that they served a statutory demand on Teo for failing to
pay costs awarded to them for amendments to the statement of claim. The
plaintiffs dismissed as irrelevant the Guidelines and the defendants’ conduct
in relation thereto. I note that this submission runs counter to Teo’s
evidence under cross-examination, that the Guidelines formed part of the terms
of the agreement _inter se_.

73 In their closing submissions, the plaintiffs did not address the other
claims they had made based on breach of fiduciary duties and agency,
negligence and negligent misstatement, nor reply to the lengthy submissions
made by the defendants on those claims. They relied, instead, on their opening
statement for their arguments on those heads of claim.

**The findings**

74 Before I make my findings, there are certain preliminary observations which
I wish to make at this juncture. One, it was apparent from the evidence
adduced in court that not all the plaintiffs are/were conversant with the
procedures and implications involved in the privatisation of HUDC estates.
Indeed, some of them appeared to be misinformed. One of them, Lai Chang Kuan
(77th plaintiff/PW39), even denied he had instructed the plaintiffs’
solicitors that he was one of the persons (see para 42(f) of the statement of
claim) to whom the defendants represented that 75% mandate had been obtained
and that flat owners were legally obliged to sign the consent forms for
purposes of obtaining their SSCT. His denial prompted counsel for the
plaintiffs to make the unusual application (which I rejected) of wanting to
treat the 77th plaintiff as a hostile witness. My surmise from such incidents
is that some of the plaintiffs may have failed to read and/or understand the
16 updates distributed by the pro-tem committee. Even pro-tem committee
members such as the tenth, 11th, 20th, 29th, 31st, 40th plaintiffs and the
69th plaintiff (as a member of the MCST), seemed not to have appreciated the
meaning and consequences of privatisation. For this reason, I took pains to
set out in the earlier part of this judgment, all the relevant facts
pertaining to the Estate’s change of status from a HUDC to a private estate.

75 Secondly, I would like to return to the subject of the unsuccessful
privatisation of the Shunfu estate. The plaintiffs had produced a letter dated
5 October 2001 addressed to residents by the estate’s MP, stating that the
mandate exercise for privatisation carried out on 18 and 19 August 2001 failed
to secure the requisite 75% vote. The plaintiffs argued that was how the
mandate exercise should have been carried out. They should have been informed
of the outcome on the Voting day. If they had known the real result of the
votes collected that day, they would have had a choice to either opt out of
privatisation altogether or continue to garner votes if they still wanted
privatisation. Ms Gan, however, had explained that Shunfu was a different
case. There, the pro-tem committee stopped the mandate exercise _after_ 19
August 2001, preferring instead to carry out repair and redecorating works,
which were already due. According to her, Shunfu and Eunosville were the only
HUDC estates which stopped garnering votes, after carrying out mandate
exercises which rejected privatisation.

76 In the light of Ms Gan’s explanation, the Shunfu experience cannot be said
to support the plaintiffs’ case that voting for privatisation could only be
done once and once only and that residents of HUDC estates must abide by the
outcome of one voting exercise.

**_Breach of agreement inter se_**

77 I now turn my attention to the first of the many claims put forward by the
plaintiffs. It is trite law that to found an enforceable agreement at law, the
following conditions must be fulfilled:

(a) an intention to create legal relations,

(b) consensus _ad idem_ , and

(c) certainty of terms.

78 Apart from a bald assertion (para 16 of the plaintiffs’ submissions) that
the manner in which the updates were phrased indicated an intention to create
legal relations, no credible evidence was produced by the plaintiffs to prove
that the above requirements were indeed fulfilled. The plaintiffs had relied
on Teo’s evidence. Unfortunately, I found him to be an unreliable witness
whose inconsistent and contradictory answers did nothing to advance the
plaintiffs’ case at all ([39] _supra_). Teo’s testimony came in for harsh
criticism in the defendants’ closing submissions. I myself found it difficult
to follow his convoluted and illogical reasoning – that the agreement _inter
se_ was reached between flat owners on the Voting day, whether they turned up
to vote or not. Even more illogical was his contention that flat owners who
purchased their units _after_ the Voting day were bound by their vendors’
previous consents given on that day. His interpretation cannot be right. It
runs counter to the HDB’s policy that such consents are no longer valid, once
the parties that gave those consents relinquished their ownership of units in
the Estate. Even more absurd was Teo’s interpretation of the voting update to
mean that those who did not vote at the Estate on the Voting day were supposed
to visit the offices of TAA that Sunday to sign the consent forms. If flat
owners are unable or unwilling to cast their votes on their own doorstep (in
the presence of lawyers from TAA), why would they want to suffer the
inconvenience of visiting the law firm’s office on the very same day to cast
their votes?

79 I would highlight other aspects where Teo’s credibility as a witness was
seriously undermined. At the meetings on 18 and 19 April 1998, his solicitor
had informed attendees that the conversion fee contravened s 45(1) of the HUDC
Housing Estates Act, which states that transfer of the common property should
be effected for a $1.00 nominal consideration. Teo admitted in cross-
examination that he knew (from information contained in the second update)
that his solicitor’s view was incorrect; the Estate did not come under that
Act as it is a phase ? HUDC estate. Yet, he made no attempts to correct his
solicitor’s interpretation, which he repeated in his own e-mail dated 22 April
1998 to the first defendant ([61] _supra_).

80 I find it difficult to accept the plaintiffs’ argument that by merely
issuing 16 (plus one voting) updates to flat owners, some (not all) pro-tem
committee members intended objectively to enter into a legal relationship with
their fellow flat owners. The updates (as the defendants contended) were only
informal documents meant to disseminate information, nothing more.

81 Even if I am wrong and the 16 updates were indeed sufficient to create a
legal relationship between the defendants and the plaintiffs, what were the
terms of that agreement? What was the consideration provided for the
agreement? It bears remembering that some, if not many, of the updates
contained a hotchpotch of topics (see [84] to [87] _infra_) other than
privatisation. The essentials of an enforceable agreement, missing in our
case, were not addressed by the plaintiffs.

82 In the case of the 57th plaintiff, she had withdrawn the following para 4
in her affidavit, in the course of her cross-examination:

I crave leave to refer to the affidavit of Teo Boon Huat Patrick (the 7th
plaintiff in the suit) and I concur with the contents therein.

with the result that she had no evidence to substantiate her various claims,
other than her own statements that (a) she moved into the Estate on 10 March
1990; (b) she signed the dissent form on the Voting day; (c) she did not pay
the conversion costs and (d) she was appalled by the disparity in treatment
meted out by the pro-tem committee, in deciding who should or should not be
given dissent forms to sign and in approaching those who did not consent to
win over their votes.

**_Misrepresentations and negligent misstatements_**

83 It would be straining the legal definition to hold that the updates
amounted to representations by the pro-tem committee, including the
defendants, to all flat owners. At this juncture it may be appropriate to look
at what constitutes effective misrepresentation at law. In this regard, I
refer to the following relevant extract from _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (28th
Ed, 1999) at para 6-004:

The traditional rule is that a representation must be a statement of fact,
past or present, as distinct from a statement of opinion, or of intention, or
of law.

Further, the following requirements are needed for a representation to be
actionable:

(a) the representation must be made with the intention that it should be acted
on by the plaintiffs or a class of persons which includes the plaintiffs;

(b) the plaintiffs had acted on the false statement;

(c) the plaintiffs suffered damage as a result; and

(d) the representation was made to the plaintiffs knowing it was false.

In the statement of claim, the plaintiffs had relied on the representations
allegedly contained in the first, fourth, fifth and sixth updates and the
voting update. I shall now expand on my earlier brief references ([10] to [12]
_supra_) to these updates as it would be relevant to my findings.

84 The pro-tem committee had informed flat owners in the first update that:

There will be a mandate exercise carried out. The registered lessees of at
least 75% of all the units in the estate must each sign a legal document
signifying their approval.

The voting is scheduled for the first quarter of 1997. Every registered lessee
of units in favour of privatisation must sign a consent register which will
form part of the formal application (a legal document). If there are two
registered lessees (eg husband and wife) both of them must sign. A lawyer will
be present at our estate to witness the signing. A nominal legal fee will be
charged.

85 In addition to informing flat owners of forthcoming door-to-door visits,
the fourth update announced the holding of two block parties, explained the
benefits and opportunities of privatisation, as well as the roles of the HDB
and the Town Council on defects. Item 13 of the update stated:

HDB and Town Council have clarified that defects/problems that require
attention within the household are the responsibility of the lessees as the
warranty period has long since expired. Their responsibilities to us are
limited to attending to defects/problems of the common areas and facilities.
Since it is a major effort for us to collate and redirect, we provide you
instead with following contacts, whom you may contact directly …

and furnished the particulars of the Aljunied Town Council and the HDB (Bedok
Branch office) for contact purposes, depending on the nature of the defects
involved.

86 In the fifth update, the pro-tem committee announced that one block party
instead of two would be held, advised flat owners not to feed birds, informed
flat owners there had been a tree planting day by their MP on 2 November 1997,
as well as set out in item 3 the following “Progress Towards Privatisation”:

We are pleased to inform you that we have successfully negotiated with HDB to
re-surface all our car parks, re-mark the park lots (with enhancements), build
hard-standing areas and fire-engine bays, replace fire-rated doors along
emergency access routes, and renovate one office unit for future use as
management committee’s office. All this will be based on the goodwill from
HDB. These works, however will only commence upon successful voting on
privatisation.

Meanwhile, the Aljunied Town Council which runs our estate, has been advised
to hold back further landscaping works in our estate, in view of the
construction work that will occur after successful privatisation. This is to
minimise or avoid unnecessary expenses which may occur if landscaping is done
now.

87 The sixth update, _inter alia_ , talked about the successful block party
held on 14 January 1998, detailed rectification works of minor defects carried
out by the Aljunied Town Council, exhorted flat owners not to throw bulky
rubbish into bins at bin centres or feed pigeons, gave a breakdown of the
estimated conversion cost of $25,000 payable in about one and a half years’
time, set out the mandate for privatisation and the contact particulars of the
first, second and fifth defendants as well as those of other pro-tem committee
members for flat owners who were still unsure about how to vote and needed
clarification.

88 I am mystified why the plaintiffs view the five updates in question as
actionable representation. Further, where have the defendants made negligent
misstatements? The information given was factually correct, so too was the
procedure required for a successful mandate for privatisation. No false
statements were contained in those updates, let alone that the defendants made
the statements knowing they were false. Accordingly, no question of reliance
on the false statements can arise. Section 2 of the Misrepresentation Act (Cap
390, 1994 Rev Ed) relied on by the plaintiffs therefore has no application, as
it provides for the award of damages for contracts affected by negligent
misrepresentation. I have already held that there was no agreement _inter se_
between the parties. The issue of fraudulent misrepresentation also becomes
academic, in the light of my earlier findings. If negligent misrepresentation
is not made out, fraudulent misrepresentation cannot arise as it requires a
higher standard of proof than the former.

**_Breach of fiduciary duties as agent_**

89 It was the plaintiffs’ case that the defendants were gratuitous agents. As
such agents, the defendants owed fiduciary duties (in equity) to their
principals who were/are the flat owners. The plaintiffs asserted that as pro-
tem members, the defendants’ duties were akin to those of promoters of
companies. The plaintiffs’ statement of claim pleaded that the defendants were
entrusted with the tasks and responsibilities set out in the Guidelines. The
defendants were allegedly in a position to unilaterally exercise their power
or discretion so as to affect the legal or practical interests of the flat
owners, rendering them vulnerable to or at the mercy of the defendants. It was
pleaded that the flat owners relied on and acted on the information provided
by the pro-tem committee members (which included the defendants) because there
were no independent means of verifying such information.

90 Both sides were on common ground that the duties of gratuitous agents are
as set out in _Bowstead and Reynolds on Agency_ (17th Ed, 2001) at Art 44
(para 6-025) and followed in the case of _Chaudhry v Prabhakar_ [1989] 1 WLR
29:

A gratuitous agent will be liable to his principal if in carrying out the work
he fails to exercise the degree of care which may reasonably be expected of
him in all the circumstances.

_Bowstead_ added (at para 6-026):

Where there is no contract between principal and agent, it would seem that the
alleged agent cannot be liable for pure failure to do what he undertook to do
without consideration. However, he can certainly be liable in tort for
negligently failing to complete, or to complete with due care, work he has
undertaken and upon which he has embarked. Thus a person who gratuitously
agrees to procure insurance for another may owe a duty of care in respect of
the manner in which he does so.

91 The duties imposed on gratuitous agents, however, are a far cry from those
imposed on the defendants in _Winnifred Wai Yue Yu v Allan Ni Kwan Kwok_
[1999] NSWSC 992. In that case, the plaintiff had sued the partners of an
accounting firm into whose trust account the plaintiff’s moneys had (according
to her) been wrongly credited. The plaintiff claimed her solicitor had
instructed the defendants to deposit her moneys into the plaintiff’s cheque
account. Instead, the moneys were credited to the firm’s trust account after
which the defendants placed them on fixed deposits with BCC. Subsequently, a
provisional liquidator was appointed to BCC, as a result of which the
plaintiff, after receiving certain dividends from the provisional liquidator,
lost $300,929.21. The plaintiffs’ reference in their opening statement to an
extract (para 118) from Simos J’s judgment, on the non-fiduciary equitable
duty arising from the parties’ fiduciary relationship, is therefore out of
context.

92 Applying the facts in relation to the principles enunciated in _Bowstead_
as well as in _Chaudhry v Prabhakar_ and _Winnifred Wai Yue Yu v Allan Ni
Kwan_ _Kwok_ , it is my view that the duties of the defendants as gratuitous
agents were to select competent lawyers to act for the Estate in the
privatisation exercise. They discharged this duty by their appointment of TAA.
There can be no criticism of their choice as TAA had a track record and
offered a competitive rate for their services. Since the plaintiffs have
withdrawn their claims against the sixth to tenth defendants, complaints about
TAA’s performance, conduct and all other allegations levelled against the
latter are no longer in issue. It follows therefore that the defendants’
appointment of TAA is not open to question anymore.

93 Were there other duties which the defendants owed to the plaintiffs as
gratuitous agents? It bears remembering at this juncture that the defendants
are all laymen. In volunteering their services for the common good, on their
own time and without payment, in what has turned out to be a thankless task, I
believe it would be unduly onerous and unfair to saddle them with fiduciary
duties of the standard imposed on the accountants in _Winnifred Wai Yue Yu_ by
the Supreme Court of New South Wales. The facts there showed the parties had a
past relationship of accountant and client, since 1978. In our case, the
privatisation exercise was the only occasion that the five defendants (and
other pro-tem committee members) got together to represent their fellow flat
owners. The principles in _Hedley Bryne & Co Ltd v Heller & Partners Ltd_
[1964] AC 465 relied on by the plaintiffs clearly cannot apply. I also
disagree that the defendants have duties akin to those of promoters of
companies. No authorities were cited by the plaintiffs to support this
proposition.

94 Apart from choosing TAA as the law firm for the Estate, I find on the
evidence, contrary to the plaintiffs’ many allegations and submissions, that
the defendants did not exercise their own discretion on other matters relating
to the privatisation or the maintenance of the Estate. I cite two examples.
The first was the second defendant’s assiduous copying, chapter and verse, of
the wording in the notices for the Voting day, from that used by the Jurong
HUDC privatisation committee. Another example was the new name of the Estate.
Waterfront View Condominium was chosen only after flat owners were consulted,
by a voting slip attached to the 13th update. The new name was a compromise on
the first choice of “Waterfront” by flat owners, after application to the
Street Names Committee, which rejected “Waterfront” as inappropriate and
counter-proposed Waterfront View, which was accepted by the pro-tem committee.

95 It was therefore mischievous of the plaintiffs (in particular the trio
referred to by the defendants) to contend that the defendants acted on their
own accord, without consulting the other flat owners. Nothing could be further
from the truth. I cite as a third example Yu’s allegation that the boundary
wall was erected without due consultation of the flat owners. He did not know
or had forgotten (until it was drawn to his attention during cross-
examination) that construction of the boundary wall was not the doing of the
pro-tem committee or the defendants but that of the Aljunied Town Council who
conducted a tender exercise. Like many of the other plaintiffs, the 69th
plaintiff did not know the full facts nor did he take the trouble to find out.
Yet, he opined in court that there had been a fair bit of non-transparency. It
is very easy to criticise as Yu did, after the event, that the wall was too
expensive and lights on the boundary wall were unnecessary. Why did he and the
other plaintiffs not make their views known to the Aljunied Town Council
_before_ the wall was constructed? The flat owners were given every
opportunity to contact either the HDB or the Aljunied Town Council or give
their feedback on the Estate’s improvement before (in the fourth update),
during (in the seventh update), and after (in the 14th update), the
privatisation exercise.

96 In relation to the privatisation process itself, it cannot be denied by the
plaintiffs that the defendants followed the Guidelines and/or the steps taken
by other HUDC estates (Gillman Heights, Jurong East). They consulted the HDB
often, according to Ms Gan’s testimony. I find that the plaintiffs have failed
to discharge their burden to prove that the defendants did not carry out their
duties properly as gratuitous agents of the plaintiffs and other flat owners
in this regard.

**_Breach of duty of care_**

97 In order to succeed on this head of claim, the plaintiffs must prove there
was sufficient proximity between themselves and the defendants for such a duty
to arise, based on the “neighbour test” propounded by Lord Atkin in _Donoghue
v Stevenson_ [1932] AC 562. If such a duty did exist, the plaintiffs must
further prove that they suffered loss and damage consequent on the defendants’
breach of this duty, which was foreseeable by the defendants. The defendants,
I repeat, were volunteers who received no payment for their services. I have
held that their duty as gratuitous agents of the plaintiffs and other flat
owners was to appoint suitable lawyers and to follow the Guidelines and
precedents set by other HUDC estates in privatisation. The defendants
discharged all those duties; I cannot see what other duty of care they owed to
the plaintiffs which they have breached.

98 Even if I am wrong in my findings and the defendants did owe a duty of care
to the plaintiffs over and above what I have determined, what loss or damage
have the plaintiffs suffered? No damage in negligence has been proved apart
from the allegation that the plaintiffs “suffered harm” (in para 55(b)(i) of
the statement of claim).

99 In para 104 of the statement of claim, the plaintiffs pleaded that their
claims based on breaches of the agreement _inter se_ , negligent misstatement
and misrepresentations were the following:

(a) The difference between the amount paid or payable for the common property
and the true and proper value of the common property.

(b) The difference between maintenance fees payable by the plaintiffs for a
privatised estate and maintenance fees payable if the Estate had remained a
HDB property.

(c) Costs and expenses which the plaintiffs as flat owners will have to bear
in consequence of privatisation which they would not have had to bear
otherwise, for which the plaintiffs sought an indemnity against the
defendants. These included costs and expenses for construction works to be
carried out, costs of rectification of structural and other defects and, costs
for maintenance of the Estate undertaken by the HDB before privatisation.

100 In relation to item (a), the claim is misconceived. It is clear from the
evidence that, the Estate being a phase ? HUDC estate, the HUDC Housing
Estates Act is not applicable. The HDB did not sell the common property to
flat owners in the Estate initially. Consequently, flat owners must pay to the
HDB a market price for the common property, which has since been transferred
to them together with issuance of the SSCT. Item (b) is equally unfounded. The
first defendant had testified that maintenance fees have not increased after
privatisation. Indeed, an immediate benefit from privatisation is, flat owners
who owned motor vehicles no longer had to pay monthly car parking charges of
$65 to the HDB, on top of monthly maintenance fees of $104. It is no longer
open to the plaintiffs to claim item (c). Construction works and rectification
of defects were carried out and completed well before the application under s
126A of the Act was lodged, with the full knowledge of the plaintiffs, from
information provided in the updates. The works were _not_ undertaken by the
defendants but by the HDB and/or Aljunied Town Council. As the plaintiffs had
not objected at the material time to the works, it is too late for them to do
so now, let alone to object to paying for the same.

**_The validity of the application under s 126A of the Act_**

101 The only person whom I would consider to be authoritative or familiar with
the privatisation process would be Ms Gan, by virtue of her position and
experience with the HDB. It is not for the plaintiffs to come to court and
give their own interpretation of how the privatisation process should have
been carried out. It is completely out of turn, therefore, for the plaintiffs
to attempt to usurp the roles of the HDB and/or the SLA in this regard. It is
a matter for the SLA, not the plaintiffs, to decide whether the consent forms
witnessed by the defendants were valid. In any case, Teo withdrew his
allegation that the consent forms could only be witnessed by solicitors.
Similarly, it is for the SLA, not the plaintiffs, to determine whether the
application lodged on 3 December 2001 by TAA was valid or otherwise. The SLA
had obviously decided that the application was valid by proceeding to issue
SSCT to flat owners. Their decision is not open to question by the plaintiffs
nor can the plaintiffs rescind the same.

102 In their submissions, the defendants had highlighted the shift in position
by the plaintiffs, even before the commencement of these proceedings. In the
letter of demand to the first defendant from the plaintiffs’ solicitors dated
13 May 2002, it was alleged that the former had represented to flat owners
that 75% votes were obtained by May 1998. This was to be contrasted with the
plaintiffs’ previous stand, that the mandate had not been obtained on the
Voting day itself. The defendants submitted that the change in position was
due to Teo’s realisation that the 75% mandate was indeed obtained by May 1998,
giving rise to suspicions, not unfounded, as to whether the plaintiffs’ action
is _bona fide_.

103 It is my view from the evidence adduced in court that the defendants:

(a) did not deliberately conceal from flat owners that no mandate of 75% had
been achieved on the Voting day;

(b) did not state in the updates that the mandate exercise on the Voting day
would be a one-day exercise;

(c) did not surreptitiously garner more votes in support of privatisation
after 22 February 1998, without disclosing the outcome of the vote on Voting
day;

(d) did not mislead flat owners by the unofficial announcement of 16 April
1998 and the seventh update into believing that 75% mandate had been obtained
on the Voting day. Vote counting was the task of TAA on whom the defendants
could, and did, rely.

The plaintiffs’ allegations are contrary to all the pre-privatisation updates,
which documents made it clear that the pro-tem committee would continue in
their efforts to garner more consents from flat owners. The defendants made no
secret of their intention, nor concealed their door-to-door visits, in that
regard.

104 I would add that the only fault if it can be called a fault, on the part
of the defendants, was their enthusiasm for privatisation. Their indefatigable
energy and commitment in that regard was commendable, especially on the part
of the first defendant, who obviously devoted a great deal of his time to the
cause.

105 I am puzzled as to what prompted the plaintiffs to commence these
proceedings, particularly when some (like the 51st plaintiff) did not want the
Estate to be de-privatised (if turning back the clock is possible). What have
the plaintiffs lost, even if they were misled by the defendants’ actions into
believing the mandate exercise was on 22 February 1998 and no other days? The
usual benefit of privatisation of a HUDC estate is an increase in value of
such flats. The immediate benefits the plaintiffs obtained, after the HDB was
satisfied there was a 75% mandate, were the removal of restrictions imposed by
the HDB on HUDC flat owners. Teo was one of those who benefited in this
regard, as his wife purchased a resale HDB flat in 2002 whilst being a co-
lessee with him of Block 727 #04-5034 in the Estate, which would otherwise not
have been allowed under s 47 of the Housing and Development Act (Cap 129, 1997
Rev Ed).

106 By instituting these proceedings, the majority of the plaintiffs were
swayed by the wishes of a few who, for reasons best known to themselves, chose
to take the defendants to court, when the defendants were obviously not the
target of the plaintiffs’ discontent. In so doing, the plaintiffs were
foolhardy and have done themselves, the defendants and other flat owners of
the Estate a great disservice. There should have been a windfall for flat
owners in the way of capital gains by the enhanced value of their flats after
privatisation. Instead, by their actions, the plaintiffs have created adverse
publicity for the Estate and prejudiced their own interests in the process. If
the plaintiffs were genuinely against privatisation, the proper recourse would
have been to move out of the Estate, lease out or sell their flats and use the
sale proceeds therefrom to purchase alternative homes.

107 Apart from the defendants, another party, who seems to be hard done by as
a result of the plaintiffs’ action, is the HDB. Indeed, the HDB is the only
party that appears to have a legitimate claim based on misrepresentation.
Acting in good faith and in the belief that flat owners of the Estate had
voted for privatisation, the HDB expended time and money on construction and
upgrading works (together with the Aljunied Town Council) necessary to bring
the privatisation process to fruition, only to find, to its detriment, that
those plaintiffs who voted for privatisation appeared to have changed their
minds.

**Conclusion**

108 It follows from my findings above that the plaintiffs’ allegations against
the defendants are unfounded and their claims, wholly unmeritorious.
Accordingly, the plaintiffs’ action is dismissed with costs to the defendants.

  

* * *

[1](at 6AB2370)

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 May 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

