Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Godfrey Gerald QC v UBS AG and Others  
[2004] SGHC 187

Case Number | : | SIC 3323/2004, CA 114/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Chor Pee (Chor Pee and Partners) for applicant; Hri Kumar (Drew and Napier LLC) for first respondent; Wilson Hue (Attorney-General's Chambers) for second respondent; Laurence Goh (Laurence Goh Eng Yau and Co) for third respondent   
Parties | : |  Godfrey Gerald QC — UBS AG; The Attorney-General; The Law Society of Singapore   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Principles – Unsuccessful application to admit
Queen's Counsel – Whether Queen's Counsel or de facto applicant should bear
costs – Section 21 Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Draft order submitted to Registrar to
be perfected – Whether necessary to submit draft order to unrepresented party
for approval first – Whether failure to do so resulting in nullity of
extracted order – Order 2 r 1, O 42 rr 8(1), 8(5) Rules of Court (Cap 322, R
5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Court of appeal – Court clarifying own order after
order pronounced – Whether court acting functus officio – Whether court
possessing inherent jurisdiction to clarify terms of order – Order 92 r 5
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  

27 August 2004

V K Rajah JC:

1 The applicant, Mr Anthony Wee Soon Kim (“Mr Wee”) is no stranger to court.
He is a retired lawyer who has, in his personal capacity, battled a number of
protracted and well-publicised jousts in court. This consequential application
arises from one such matter; it seeks, in essence, to set aside an order made
by the Court of Appeal, _inter alia_ , on the ground that the court was
_functus officio_ when it clarified an earlier order.

2 In Originating Motion No 22 of 2002, an application was made by Mr Gerald
Godfrey QC for admission as an advocate and solicitor of the Supreme Court for
the sole purpose of appearing on behalf of Mr Wee in Suit No 834 of 2001
(“Suit 834”). That suit involved Mr Wee’s claim against UBS AG (“UBS”) for
misrepresentation and other banking account related issues. Tay Yong Kwang J
dismissed the application on the basis that the statutory criteria prescribed
by s 21 of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“LPA”) had not
been satisfied. Tay J also ordered Mr Wee to personally pay $5,000 in costs to
UBS. The other parties to that application were, in accordance with s 21 of
the LPA, the Attorney-General and The Law Society of Singapore. An appeal was
subsequently filed against Tay J’s decision.

3 Mr Godfrey QC’s appeal came up for hearing on 17 March 2003. Mr Goh Aik Leng
(“Mr Goh”), who had until then appeared for both Mr Godfrey and Mr Wee in
their respective causes, applied for leave to discharge himself as counsel in
Suit 834 and its related matters, including the subject appeal. Mr Goh
informed the Court of Appeal that Mr Wee would argue the appeal “in person”
(see _Godfrey Gerald, Queen’s Counsel v UBS AG_ [2003] 2 SLR 306 at [10]). The
court granted Mr Goh leave to discharge himself, and Mr Wee thereafter argued
the appeal “in person”. The appeal was unsuccessful. Tay J’s decision was
upheld in its entirety. On the issue of Mr Wee’s liability to pay the costs of
Mr Godfrey QC’s unsuccessful application before Tay J, the Court of Appeal
observed at [42] and [45]:

Mr Wee’s submission that UBS was not a party to the appellant’s application
was patently incorrect. Indeed, UBS was one of the three respondents to this
appeal. It is not unprecedented for the judge to order the applicant to pay
costs to the respondents (see _eg_ _Re Reid James Robert QC_ [1997] 2 SLR 482;
_Re Gore Daniel Richard QC_ [1997] 2 SLR 478).

…

We found that there were ample grounds for the judge to order that Mr Wee be
personally liable for costs. As in _The Karting Club of Singapore v David Mak
(Wee Soon Kim Anthony, Intervener)_ , Mr Wee was responsible for initiating an
unwarranted application.

4 The Court of Appeal concluded (at [46]) by ordering that in so far as the
dismissed appeal was concerned there be “… costs to all three respondents” and
that “the usual consequential orders follow”. The minutes of the Court of
Appeal did not _expressly_ state that Mr Wee was to be _personally_ liable for
the costs of appeal. That aspect of the order is now the genesis of the
subject application.

5 Soon after the appeal was dismissed, the respondents to this application,
namely UBS, the Attorney-General and The Law Society of Singapore sought to
perfect the order of the Court of Appeal. Their solicitors collectively took
the position that as Mr Goh had discharged himself, the provisions of O 42 r
(8)(5) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) (“RSC”) applied to
the approval process apropos the draft Order of Court. This sub-rule
stipulates that the draft shall be submitted to the Registrar if the other
party has _no solicitor_. In the circumstances, the draft Order of Court was
accordingly submitted to the Registrar for approval without being dispatched
by the respondents’ solicitors to Mr Goh, Mr Godfrey QC or Mr Wee for their
scrutiny. The Registrar duly approved the draft order as submitted. The
engrossed Order of Court reads:

_IT IS ORDERED that_ :-

1\. Messrs Goh Aik Leng & Partners be granted leave to discharge as Solicitors
for the Appellant.

_AND IT IS FURTHER ORDERED_ that:

2\. The Appeal be dismissed with costs to the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Respondents to
be paid by Anthony Wee Soon Kim, the Plaintiff in Suit No. 834 of 2001.

3\. The sum of $10,000.00 (with interest, if any) deposited by the Appellant
as security for the Respondents’ costs be paid out in three equal proportions
to:-

  1. Drew & Napier LLC, Solicitors for the 1st Respondent;
  2. The Attorney-General, the 2nd Respondent; and
  3. The Law Society of Singapore, the 3rd Respondent,

to account of their costs.

6 On or about 22 April 2003, the Attorney General’s Chambers (“AGC”) wrote to
Mr Wee with a view to resolving the quantum of costs payable by him in lieu of
taxation. This proved to be the proverbial red flag inciting Mr Wee to spring
into action upon receipt of this proposal. He strenuously maintained that the
Court of Appeal had not made an order asking him to bear the costs personally;
any costs payable to the respondents were due from Mr Godfrey QC, not him. He
further complained bitterly that the respondents, and in particular UBS’s
solicitors, had not complied with the express procedure prescribed by the RSC
for the approval of draft orders of court.

7 The Registrar of the Supreme Court was drawn into this contretemps when the
AGC, on 15 April 2004, sought the Court of Appeal’s clarification about the
purport of the disputed order. The Court of Appeal, in turn, directed the
Registrar to obtain the views of the parties in writing before it “clarifie[d]
the matter”. Upon considering the duly expressed views of all the parties, the
Court of Appeal declared through the Registrar, on 6 May 2004, “that the order
the Court made that day was that Mr Anthony Wee was to pay the costs of the
appeal _personally_ ” [emphasis added]. It bears mention that Mr Wee, in
expressing his views in writing, had expressly contended that the Court of
Appeal would be _functus officio_ if it sought to clarify the position. The
Court of Appeal by proceeding to clarify the position despite such an
objection must be taken to have implicitly disagreed with his views.

8 Mr Wee then filed this application to set aside the order of the Court of
Appeal. His present counsel made two principal arguments. First, it was
contended that the procedure for extracting the Order of Court employed by the
respondents was incorrect. Second, it was argued that the Court of Appeal was
_functus officio_ when it purportedly “clarified” the purport of its earlier
order. Mr Wee’s counsel maintained dubiously that as a result, Mr Godfrey QC
and not Mr Wee should bear the costs of the unsuccessful appeal. I dismissed
the application without hesitation and thereafter, turned down a request for
further arguments. Mr Wee now appeals against my decision.

9 It is critical to elucidate, at the outset, the peculiar characteristics of
an _ad hoc_ application to admit Queen’s Counsel pursuant to s 21 of the LPA.
The applicant is nominally the Queen’s Counsel who seeks admission to practice
as an advocate or solicitor. A fundamental feature of a s 21 LPA admission is
that the _ad hoc_ admission is exclusively for “the purpose of any _one_ case”
[emphasis added]. This is to be distinguished from an admission of an advocate
and solicitor pursuant to s 11(1) of the LPA that confers a right of general
audience and representation without any limitation to a particular case.

10 An _ad hoc_ admission application pursuant to s 21 of the LPA is, in
effect, an application by a party to a matter to have the Queen’s Counsel
appear for him specifically in that matter or in an application therein. While
the s 21 LPA application is nominally in the name of the Queen’s Counsel, this
cannot disguise the fact that the _de facto_ initiator and, hence, substantive
party in the application for admission is the very same party on whose behalf
the Queen’s Counsel’s admission is sought. It is an entirely inane contention
to even suggest that the Queen’s Counsel should be personally liable for the
costs of an unsuccessful application. To make such an argument is to refute
it. Such an application is no different from any other interlocutory
application made by a party in a cause or matter and the usual order of costs
ought to visit that _applicant_ , if unsuccessful, just as night follows day.
Regrettably, Mr Wee appears to be disingenuously relying on the literal form
of the application for the admission of Mr Godfrey QC, which cites Mr Godfrey
QC’s name, in a thoroughly implausible, if not obviously futile, attempt to
elude personal responsibility for costs. This cannot be right.

11 Set against the backdrop of such a fundamentally flawed and untenable
position, I now deal with Mr Wee’s first argument. This relates to the process
of approving and finalising the court order. The relevant provisions are O 42
r 8(1) and (5) of the RSC:

8(1) Where the party in whose favour a judgment or order is given or made is
represented by a solicitor, a copy of the draft shall be submitted for
approval _to the solicitor (if any) of the other party_ who shall within 2
days of the receipt thereof, or within such further time as may in any case be
allowed by the Registrar, return such copy with his signed consent or any
required amendments thereto. [emphasis added]

…

(5) Where the other party _has no solicitor_ , the draft shall be submitted to
the Registrar.

[emphasis added]

These two sub-rules make it clear beyond peradventure that the procedure for
“party approval” of a draft Order of Court only applies when a party is
represented by a solicitor.

12 Mr Wee stridently asserts that the draft order was not sent to either Mr
Godfrey QC, Mr Goh or to him for approval before it was perfected. As a
consequence, his counsel argues, the extracted order is a nullity. This is an
absurd contention. The rules are plain. If a party is not represented by a
solicitor, the draft shall be submitted to the Registrar. The rationale for
this is axiomatic. The process of submitting draft orders to opposing counsel
has the salutary objective of obtaining input from solicitors who are,
presumably, familiar with the proceedings. The Rules Committee has taken the
view that no useful purpose would be served in seeking the approval of what is
essentially a document comprising legal technicalities, by unrepresented
parties. Indeed, sending drafts to unrepresented parties may invariably lead
to delays and barren contentions. That one of the parties is legally qualified
does not alter the literal purport of the rule dispensing with service on
unrepresented parties. It is not the identity of the party but the fact of
being legally represented that is prescribed as a criterion. The Registrar, in
turn, is required under O 42 r 8(5) of the RSC to directly superintend the
process of extracting such an Order of Court. This is to ensure that an
unrepresented party’s interests are adequately safeguarded. This attenuates
the risk of a successful party arrogating to itself poetic license to take
liberties with the terms of the Order of Court.

13 Mr Wee’s counsel in the current application also suggested, albeit somewhat
diffidently, that Mr Goh had merely discharged himself as “counsel” and not as
a “solicitor” on record in the earlier application. This is untenable. It is
as plain as a pikestaff that Mr Goh, in discharging himself from his
responsibilities before the Court of Appeal and in related proceedings, had
indicated that he wanted no further truck with Mr Wee’s cause. He had no
further role to play in the matter after seeking the Court of Appeal’s leave
to withdraw from the file.

14 If counsel do indeed intend to engage in such subtle distinctions in their
roles in a cause or matter, they should make their position patently clear
when applying for a discharge. It would be most unusual for a court to permit
or indulge such bifurcated roles, so that a party appears _in person_ as his
own counsel for the purposes of advocacy and at the same time retains a law
firm to act as his solicitor in all other aspects of the matter. It is
therefore both reasonable and proper to assume that a solicitor who applies to
discharge himself from proceedings, whether as counsel or otherwise, intends
to have no further role in the matter _unless_ he seeks the court’s express
leave for continued involvement, however limited that might be. I also note
that while Mr Wee’s present counsel made this rather remarkable argument,
there was nothing on record from Mr Goh that confirmed the stance taken in
these proceedings.

15 I am of the view that the conduct of the solicitors for UBS and AGC in
perfecting the relevant Order of Court, pursuant to the provisions of O 42 r
8(5) of the RSC, is beyond reproach. They acted appropriately in submitting
the draft order directly to the Registrar for approval. Mr Wee himself was
not, as he himself had correctly contended, a named party to the proceedings
and could not paradoxically complain in the same breath that the draft order
was not sent to him for approval. Mr Wee’s position was not prejudiced by the
process adopted by the respondents’ solicitors. I ought to add, in any event,
that _even_ if there were any procedural lapses in this case, the provisions
of O 2 r 1 of the RSC would preclude any contention that the perfected Order
of Court was a nullity. The Court of Appeal’s subsequent clarification has
laid to rest any scintilla of doubt that Mr Wee attempted to conjure.

16 There is a further procedural point raised in relation to the Order of
Court. The Court of Appeal, without elaboration, had ordered that the security
deposit be paid over to the respondents. The respondents proceeded to divide
this amount between themselves in three equal amounts. Mr Wee took issue with
this, again unnecessarily. This division of the monies held as security for
the appeal was plainly implicit in the court’s order.

17 There now remains the second and principal plank of Mr Wee’s application:
that the Court of Appeal, in “clarifying” the order, was _functus officio_. Mr
Wee’s argument is that the Court of Appeal had no power to either clarify its
order and/or to give any further directions after the order was first made. As
no express order for costs had been made against him _qua_ third parties, this
omission, he claims, could not be judicially repaired after the conclusion of
the hearing. Mr Wee’s contention is once again, plainly wrong and wholly
misconceived.

18 The Latin term _functus officio_ is an abbreviated reference to a facet of
the principle of finality in dispute resolution. _Functus officio_ means that
the office, authority or jurisdiction in question has served its purpose and
is spent. A final decision, once made, cannot be revisited. In dispute
resolution, this principle may manifest itself in the guise of _res judicata_
, _functus officio_ or issue estoppel. This principle of finality is intended
to embody fairness and certainty. It is not to be invoked merely as a sterile
and mechanical rule in matters where there are minor oversights, inchoateness
in expression and/or consequential matters that remain to be fleshed out.
Given that the court is always at liberty to attend to such axiomatic issues,
various judicial devices such as the “slip” rule and the implied “liberty to
apply” proviso are invoked from time to time to redress or clarify such
issues. In short, both the High Court and the Court of Appeal retain a
residual inherent jurisdiction even after an order is pronounced, to clarify
the terms of the order and/or to give consequential directions.

19 That such inherent jurisdiction exists, has never been doubted. In point of
fact, it is regularly invoked and exercised by the court: see O 92 r 4 of the
RSC and the helpful and incisive conspectus in Professor Jeffrey Pinsler’s
article “Inherent Jurisdiction Re-Visited: An Expanding Doctrine” [2002] 14
SAcLJ 1 and the commentary in _Singapore Court Practice 2003_ at paras 1/1/7
and 1/1/8. This inherent jurisdiction is a virile and necessary one that a
court is invested with to dispense procedural justice as a means of achieving
substantive justice between parties in a matter. The power to correct or
clarify an order is inherent in every court. This power necessarily extends to
ensuring that the spirit of court orders are appropriately embodied and
correctly reflected to the letter. Indeed, to obviate any pettifogging
arguments apropos the existence of such inherent jurisdiction, the RSC was
amended in 1995 to include O 92 r 5, which expressly states:

Without prejudice to Rule 4, the Court may make or give such further orders or
directions incidental or consequential to any judgment or order as may be
necessary in any case.

By dint of this rule, the court has an unassailable broad discretion and
jurisdiction to give effect to the intent and purport of any relief and/or
remedy that may be necessary in a particular matter. Admittedly, while the
rule sets out in stark terms the court’s wide inherent jurisdiction in this
area of procedural justice, I should add for completeness, that the power to
“make or give such further orders or directions incidental or consequential to
…” does not _prima facie_ extend to correcting substantive errors and/or in
effecting substantive amendments or variations to orders that have been
perfected. This is plainly not such a case.

20 While _ex facie_ Mr Wee was not a nominal party to the appeal, he was
indisputably, to all intents and purposes, the _de facto_ appellant. The Court
of Appeal recognised this and consequently gave him leave to argue the appeal
“in person”. An ordinary third party would not usually be given such a right
of audience to appear and argue “in person” when the party on the record is
_ex facie_ different. Mr Wee has lamentably and inexplicably refused to
acknowledge or accept his responsibilities and liabilities as an unsuccessful
litigant. All said and done, he has no conceivable grievance, let alone valid
ground concerning the manner in which the subject Order of Court was extracted
and clarified. Mr Wee, by tilting at windmills, has cavilled pointlessly in
this entirely misconceived application.

_Application dismissed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

