Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Cheong Ngan alias Lee Cheong Yuen v Public Prosecutor and Other
Applications  
[2004] SGHC 91

Case Number | : | CM 7/2004, 8/2004, Cr Rev 11/2004, 12/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 May 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Paul Fitzgerald (Stamford Law Corporation) for applicants; James Lee (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Lee Cheong Ngan alias Lee Cheong Yuen — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Whether failure to comply with notice
issued by the Building and Construction Authority is a strict liability
offence – Whether defence of reasonable care available – Buildings and Common
Property (Maintenance and Management) Act (Cap 30, 2000 Rev Ed) ss 4(1), (3)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Adducing fresh
evidence – Plea of guilt – Evidence of proceedings in the court below –
Whether conditions of non-availability, relevance and reliability satisfied  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Plea of guilt –
Allegations against defence counsel and interpreter – Whether accused
understood nature and consequences of plea  
  

5 May 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 These were four related applications arising from the same facts. In
Criminal Revisions Nos 11 and 12 of 2004, Lee Cheong Ngan alias Lee Cheong
Yuen (“Lee”) and Chiong Yen Bao (“Chiong”) sought to have their respective
convictions set aside. In support of their applications for criminal revision,
Lee and Chiong also requested for leave to introduce additional evidence, in
Criminal Motions Nos 7 and 8 respectively. I allowed the criminal motions, but
rejected the applications for criminal revision. I now give my reasons.

**Background**

2 Lee and Chiong are husband and wife, and joint owners of the premises at No
69 Toh Tuck Road (“the premises”). The property adjoining the rear of the
premises is No 37 Toh Tuck Place. A brick retaining wall with an attached
chain-link meshed fence lies near the boundary between the premises and No 37
Toh Tuck Place.

3 Between January and March 2001, officers from the Building and Construction
Authority (“BCA”) visited the premises to inspect the retaining wall and
fence. As they found the fence in a state of disrepair, the BCA wrote to Lee
and Chiong on 24 March 2001, directing them to repair the fence by 14 April
2001.

4 On 6 July 2001, Phua Chee Sim (“Phua”), an officer attached to the Building
Management Section of the BCA, carried out another inspection of the retaining
wall and fence. As he was refused entry onto the premises, Phua had to examine
the retaining wall and fence from No 37 Toh Tuck Place. He found a portion of
the fence collapsed, with the remaining section in a state of dilapidation.

5 Phua then obtained a survey plan from the Singapore Land Registry, which
confirmed that the retaining wall and fence were within the boundaries of the
premises. The BCA accordingly issued a notice to Lee and Chiong on 20 July
2001 (“the notice”), under s 4(1) of the Buildings and Common Property
(Maintenance and Management) Act (Cap 30, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Act”). Section
4(1) provides that:

Where in the opinion of the Commissioner [of Buildings] any building or common
property has not been kept or maintained in a state of good and serviceable
repair or in a proper and clean condition, the Commissioner may, by notice in
writing, require the owner within such period as may be specified in the
notice to take such steps or carry out such repairs and maintenance as the
Commissioner thinks fit.

6 The notice was served by registered post as prescribed under s 20(1)(b) of
the Act, and directed both Lee and Chiong to repair the damaged fence at the
back of the premises by 19 August 2001. The notice also stated that a failure
to comply would constitute an offence under s 4(3) pf the Act, which is
punishable with a fine not exceeding $5,000 and a further fine not exceeding
$25 for every day that the offence is continued after conviction.

7 Lee Min Kwang (“Min Kwang”), a son of Lee and Chiong, subsequently wrote to
the BCA on 15 August 2001, asking for more time to repair the fence. He
explained that their neighbours at No 37 Toh Tuck Place had built a bird cage
next to the fence, rendering it impossible to carry out the necessary
rectification works. Crucially, he also acknowledged that a survey plan from
the Singapore Land Registry showed that the retaining wall and fence were
within the boundaries of the premises.

8 On 29 December 2001, Phua conducted another inspection of the retaining wall
and fence, again from No 37 Toh Tuck Place. He discovered that Lee and Chiong
had still not carried out any rectification work. As a result, two summonses
were issued against Lee and Chiong respectively on 27 February 2002. Both
charges in them read as follows:

You … are charged that you did fail to comply with the Notice … issued by the
Commissioner of Buildings on 20 July 2001 under section 4(1) of the Buildings
and Common Property (Maintenance and Management) Act, Chapter 30, requiring
you to repair the damaged chain link fence at the rear of the premises at No.
69 Toh Tuck Road, Singapore by 19 August 2001 and you have thereby committed
an offence punishable under section 4(3) of the said Act.

**The proceedings below**

9 Lee and Chiong appeared before the magistrate on 8 October 2002, but the
hearing was adjourned for the parties to produce an agreed statement of facts
(“Agreed SOF”). On 9 October 2002, the magistrate was informed that Lee and
Chiong intended to plead guilty. The magistrate then stood down the hearing to
allow their counsel, Mr Tan Cheng Yew (“Tan”), to explain the Agreed SOF and
charges to them.

10 When the hearing resumed, the charge was read in Mandarin to Chiong, and in
English to Lee. The interpreter informed the court that both were pleading
guilty, and understood the nature and consequences of their pleas. The Agreed
SOF was then read, and the interpreter notified the court that Lee and Chiong
admitted to the facts contained therein. The magistrate accordingly convicted
Lee and Chiong on the respective charges.

11 In mitigation, Lee and Chiong submitted, through Mr Tan, that the damage to
the fence was caused by their neighbours at No 37 Toh Tuck Place. Also, they
were both in their seventies, and had been confused when they first received
the BCA’s notice, as they did not know if the retaining wall and fence fell
within their premises.

12 After hearing the facts and taking into account every relevant mitigating
factor, the magistrate sentenced Lee and Chiong to pay a fine of $900 each (in
default nine days’ imprisonment). The fines were duly paid, yet Lee and Chiong
still failed to carry out the required repairs. They were then charged on 17
October 2003 with a continuing offence under s 4(3) of the Act. On 15 March
2004, they filed these four applications to challenge their convictions on the
earlier February 2002 charges. The later charges in October 2003 were not in
issue before me.

**The applications**

13 Lee and Chiong both filed petitions for criminal revision, asking the High
Court to exercise its revisionary powers pursuant to s 268 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) to set aside their convictions.
They submitted that they had never intended to admit without qualification to
the offences alleged against them, and had suffered serious injustice at the
hearing before the magistrate.

14 To substantiate their cases for revision, Lee and Chiong also applied for
leave to introduce new evidence. In Criminal Motion No 7 of 2004, Lee sought
to admit his own affidavit, as well as that of his other son, Lee Wei Kwang
(“Wei Kwang”). In Criminal Motion No 8 of 2004, Chiong sought to admit her own
affidavit to assist her case.

**The criminal motions**

15 The revisionary powers of the High Court are governed by s 23 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) and s 268(1) of the
CPC. According to s 268(1) of the CPC, the High Court, in the exercise of its
revisionary powers, may also take additional evidence in accordance with s
257(1) of the CPC, which provides that:

In dealing with any appeal under this Chapter the High Court, if it thinks
additional evidence is _necessary_ , may either take such evidence itself or
direct it to be taken by a District Court or Magistrate’s Court. [emphasis
added]

16 In deciding if the evidence sought to be adduced is “necessary”, the three
conditions set out in _Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 1 WLR 1489 must be fulfilled:

(a) non-availability – it must be shown that the evidence could not have been
obtained with reasonable diligence for use at trial;

(b) relevance – the evidence must be such that, if given, it would probably
have an important influence on the result of the case; and

(c) reliability – it must be apparently credible, although it need not be
incontrovertible.

17 I adopted this framework in _Juma’at bin Samad v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 338, and
have repeatedly affirmed its authority in cases such as _Chan Chun Yee v PP_
[1998] 3 SLR 638, _Tan Sai Tiang v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR 439 and most recently, in
_Annis bin Abdullah v PP_ [2004] 2 SLR 93.

18 In this case, the affidavits that the petitioners sought to adduce
described their version of what transpired in the court below on 8 and 9
October 2002. It was apparent that, by the very nature of the evidence, the
first condition was fulfilled, since this evidence obviously could not have
been obtained at the proceedings below. The second condition was also clearly
satisfied, as the evidence was highly relevant. Lee and Chiong based their
cases for criminal revision on the main ground that their pleas of guilt below
were invalid. In order to ascertain the legality of their pleas of guilt, and
consequently, the soundness of their convictions, I had to consider evidence
of the circumstances in which the pleas were taken.

19 The only real issue here was the apparent credibility of the additional
evidence. Although untested assertions of events would generally not be
admitted at this stage, I noted that the affidavits of Lee, Chiong and Wei
Kwang were broadly consistent in the most material particulars. Bearing in
mind that the evidence must only be apparently credible, and need not be
incontrovertible, I found that the final condition was satisfied, but only by
the barest of margins.

20 The deciding factor in this case was the high degree of relevance that this
additional evidence had on Lee’s and Chiong’s petitions for criminal revision.
They had to be allowed to put forward their version of events for me to
ascertain the soundness of their convictions in the court below. Given the
circumstances, the Deputy Public Prosecutor had no objection to the admission
of the affidavits.

21 Of course, the fact that I agreed to admit the affidavits did not mean that
I accepted their entire contents as the truth. The veracity of the allegations
still had to be tested against the rest of the evidence. As all three
affidavits came from interested parties, I was especially chary of accepting
their evidence at face value. With this in mind, I turned to consider the
petitions for criminal revision.

**The criminal revisions**

22 I laid down the principles governing the exercise of the High Court’s
revisionary powers in _Ang Poh Chuan v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 326 at 330, [17]:

[V]arious phrases may be used to identify the circumstances which would
attract the exercise of the revisionary jurisdiction, but they all share the
common denominator that there must be some serious injustice. Of course there
cannot be a precise definition of what would constitute such serious injustice
for that would in any event unduly circumscribe what must be a wide discretion
vested in the court, the exercise of which would depend largely on the
particular facts. But generally it must be shown that there is something
palpably wrong in the decision that strikes at its basis as an exercise of
judicial power by the court below.

23 Bearing in mind the potential for abuse by accused persons who have pleaded
guilty, the court will exercise its revisionary power sparingly, to ensure
that it does not degenerate into a convenient form of “backdoor appeal”: _Teo
Hee Heng v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 168 at [7]. Not only must there have been some
error, illegality, impropriety or irregularity, it must also have resulted in
grave and serious injustice: _Ma Teresa Bebango Bedico v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 192
at [8], followed in _Lee Eng Hock v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 364.

**_The petitioners’ case_**

24 Lee and Chiong raised several issues to substantiate their case for
criminal revision. First, various complaints were made against Mr Tan’s
conduct of their case. They further alleged that the interpreter did not
adequately translate the charges or the Agreed SOF, and failed to convey their
reservations to the court. The magistrate’s notes of evidence (“NOE”) were
also ambiguous, and did not clearly record that they had both entered an
unequivocal plea of guilt. It was submitted that all the circumstances, taken
together, established that they had suffered serious injustice, and their
convictions ought to be set aside.

**_The pleas of guilt_**

25 The greater part of the petitioners’ arguments disputed the validity of
their pleas of guilt below. The circumstances under which the High Court would
exercise its revisionary powers in such cases are firmly settled. Section
180(b) of the CPC states that if the accused understands the nature and
consequences of his plea and intends to admit without qualification the
offence alleged against him, he may plead guilty to the charge and the court
may convict him on it. In _Ganesun s/o Kannan v PP_ [1996] 3 SLR 560, I
adopted the three common law safeguards for a valid plea of guilt as laid down
in _Lee Weng Tuck v PP_ [1989] 2 MLJ 143:

(a) an accused should plead guilty by his own mouth and not through his
counsel;

(b) the onus lies on the judge to ascertain whether the accused understands
the true nature and consequences of his plea; and

(c) the court must establish that the accused intends to admit without
qualification the offence alleged against him.

26 I turned to consider each of the petitioners’ contentions in light of these
principles.

_Allegations against defence counsel_

27 Lee and Chiong made many serious allegations against Mr Tan. According to
them, he consented to the Agreed SOF without their authority, acted against
their instructions, did nothing to express their views to the court, and also
omitted to advise them of the availability of the defence of reasonable care.

28 In many petitions for criminal revision, the accused often challenges
defence counsel’s conduct of the case. Yet many of these allegations are often
unfounded, and are raised by the accused only in a desperate attempt to escape
the rigours of the law. In _Lee Eng Hock_ , ([23] _supra_), the petitioner
pleaded guilty, but later sought criminal revision on the ground that he had
misunderstood his counsel’s advice. While he was convinced of his own
innocence throughout, he thought that his counsel had advised him that a plea
of guilt would not occasion a custodial sentence. In dismissing the petition,
I made the following observations at [10] of my judgment:

If the conduct of defence counsel could be so easily challenged, the chilling
effect on the criminal Bar would be immense. While there may in some cases be
a thin line between dispensing credible legal advice and pressurising one’s
client to plead guilty, it is undesirable to allow defence counsel to be made
convenient scapegoats, on the backs of whom “backdoor appeals” are carried
through.

29 These sentiments applied with equal force here. Given that Mr Tan has
unfortunately disappeared from the country, I was forced to evaluate the
reliability of the petitioners’ account of events without his assistance.
After carefully considering the evidence, I found that the petitioners’ claims
simply could not be accepted.

30 If Mr Tan was in fact guilty of the petitioners’ allegations, they had
every opportunity to voice their objections in court. They may have been
slightly overwhelmed by the proceedings, as they were advanced in years and it
was their first time in court. Nonetheless, their sons Min Kwang and Wei Kwang
had been keenly involved in the case from the beginning. They were present in
court, and fully capable of protesting on their parents’ behalf.

31 Lee, Chiong and Wei Kwang alleged in their affidavits that they had openly
disagreed with Mr Tan at the hearing, and the magistrate had stood down the
proceedings twice for the parties to resolve their differences. Yet there is
no record of any of this in the magistrate’s NOE, which only reflect that the
magistrate had stood down for the charges and the Agreed SOF to be explained
to Lee and Chiong. The magistrate must have been aware of his duty to ensure
that both Lee and Chiong did intend to plead guilty to the charges against
them. If there was indeed such an obvious dispute between the petitioners and
Tan, I had no doubt that the magistrate would not have accepted their pleas of
guilt.

_Allegations against interpreter_

32 Lee and Chiong also claimed that the interpreter did not translate the
charges of the Agreed SOF in full, but instead said, in Mandarin, words to the
effect of “you know what you are here for” and “trust your lawyer”. Again, I
found their assertions to be completely groundless.

33 The role that interpreters play in cases involving pleas of guilt is
especially vital, since they assist the court in ensuring that the accused
understands the nature and consequences of his plea, and intends to admit
without qualification to the offence alleged against him. Given the importance
of their work to the validity of guilty pleas, it is perhaps inevitable that
in such cases for criminal revision, allegations against interpreters are
almost commonplace.

34 However, it would be detrimental to the administration of justice if the
conduct of interpreters could be so easily impeached. Accused persons should
take note that such arguments will be summarily rejected, unless they can
establish a sufficient basis for their allegations, and it is demonstrated
that the interpreter’s conduct undermined any of the three procedural
safeguards outlined above.

35 In this case, Lee and Chiong could not offer any reasons to explain why the
interpreter, an officer of the court, would neglect to translate such material
evidence, and demonstrate such a flagrant disregard for his duties. Their
contentions were clearly unwarranted, and their case was further undermined by
the considerable lapse of time between the hearing and their petitions. For
some 17 months, Lee and Chiong made no complaints against the interpreter, and
took no active steps to dispute their convictions. It would be unreasonable to
expect the interpreter to be able to recall details of the proceedings now, so
as to rebut their allegations.

36 In any case, I had no doubt that both Lee and Chiong were aware of the
particulars of the charge, and understood the nature and consequences of their
pleas. The notice of 20 July 2001 clearly informed them that a failure to
comply would amount to an offence under s 4(3) of the Act. They had received
the summons on 27 February 2002, and engaged counsel shortly thereafter. They
were represented in the court below, and their sons Min Kwang and Wei Kwang
were also actively concerned with the case throughout. The nature and
consequences of the charges must have been impressed upon them.

_The Agreed SOF_

37 Lee and Chiong also argued that the Agreed SOF contained errors on the face
of it, which raised serious issues as to its accuracy. It is trite law that
the court has a legal duty to record a statement of facts following an
accused’s plea of guilt, and to scrutinise the statement to ensure that all
the elements of the charge are made out. The accused need not admit to every
fact alleged in the statement of facts, so long as what he does admit contains
all the essential ingredients of the offence he is charged with: _Mok Swee Kok
v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 140.

38 Here, Lee and Chiong claimed that the Agreed SOF contained evidence of a
material element of the offence that was contradictory. Paragraph 3 of the
Agreed SOF states that:

Based on a detailed survey plan issued by the Chief Surveyor of the Singapore
Land Registry, the chain link meshed fencing and brick retaining wall between
No 69 Toh Tuck Road and No 37 Toh Tuck Place was shown entirely within the
accused persons’ property, _ie_ No 69 Toh Tuck Road.

39 However, Lee and Chiong maintained that a private survey conducted by Ho
Huai Hoon Surveyors found that the fence was not within their premises. As s
4(1) of the Act confers a power on the Commissioner of Buildings to issue
notices only to owners of the relevant property, if the fence was not within
the premises, the BCA’s notice under s 4(1), and Lee’s and Chiong’s
convictions under s 4(3), must be set aside.

40 Their arguments on this point were flawed for many reasons. In so far as
they disputed the definitive statement in the Agreed SOF that the fence was
within the premises, they had to prove that Mr Tan consented to the
particulars in the Agreed SOF without their authority. As they had not proved
their allegations against Mr Tan to my satisfaction, I found that this
particular fact must be taken to have been properly admitted.

41 In any case, the petitioners’ son Min Kwang had confirmed their ownership
of the retaining wall and fence in his letter to the BCA on 15 August 2001.
Their other son Wei Kwang had also admitted in his affidavit that the
ownership issue had been “conclusively settled” by the Singapore Land
Authority in February 2003. Having effectively conceded this point, Lee and
Chiong could not hope to resurrect the issue now.

42 Even if I was prepared to reopen the question, Lee and Chiong had failed to
adduce any evidence of the alleged private survey showing that the fence was
not within their premises. A report from the surveyors they commissioned would
have provided a strong measure of support for their claims. Tellingly, no such
report was ever produced. It was impossible for me to accept their
contentions, especially when the BCA had produced two survey plans from the
Singapore Land Registry that directly contradicted their contention.

_The notes of evidence_

43 Lee and Chiong also objected to the contents of the magistrate’s NOE, which
they claimed were bare and ambiguous, and failed to reflect the “nuances” of
what actually happened.

44 Given the many exigencies that judges face, it is to be expected that the
NOE will generally record only the most pertinent aspects of the evidence,
often in point form. Here, the NOE did in substance record the most relevant
events of the hearing. It was clear, from a perusal of its contents, that both
Lee and Chiong had pleaded guilty, indicated that they understood the nature
and consequences of their plea, and admitted to the Agreed SOF.

45 Lee and Chiong made much of several minor omissions in the NOE. For
instance, they pointed out that the magistrate did not make any distinction
between Lee and Chiong. However, since Lee’s and Chiong’s cases were being
heard together and they were obviously conducting their cases on the same
footing, the magistrate had understandably found it unnecessary to refer to
them individually. A broad, objective view must be taken of the entire NOE. It
would be sufficient so long as the most relevant elements of the hearing are
recorded. To insist on the level of detail that Lee and Chiong argued for
would simply open the door to greater delays in court proceedings.

_Delay_

46 Even if I accepted Lee’s and Chiong’s contentions, any injustice they may
have suffered was seriously attenuated by their delay in presenting the
petitions. While delay would generally be immaterial in a case of injustice,
it may indicate, in some circumstances that there was in fact no injustice
caused: _Ang Poh Chuan_ , ([22] _supra_), followed in _Lim Hean Nerng v Lim Ee
Choo_ [1998] 2 SLR 585. In this case, Lee and Chiong could not offer any
credible explanation for the lateness of their applications. Although it was
unfortunate that Lee had suffered from poor health since his conviction, this
did not adequately explain the delay of more than 17 months. Chiong was still
in a position to present their case, and their sons Min Kwang and Wei Kwang
could also have instructed counsel to file the petitions.

47 In fact, I found it reasonable to infer from the circumstances that these
petitions were filed only as a response to the subsequent 17 October 2003
charges against Lee and Chiong, for a continuing offence under s 4(3) of the
Act. They probably began to consider petitioning for criminal revision only
after they received the second summons, and were faced with the prospect of a
much heftier fine. All of this further undermined their case that they
suffered substantial injustice in the court below. Their behaviour was
certainly not consistent with that of anyone carrying the burden of injustice
on their backs.

**_Strict liability and the defence of reasonable care_**

48 Section 4(3) of the Act provides that “any person who fails to comply with
the requirements of any notice issued by the Commissioner under subsection (1)
shall be guilty of an offence”. The material elements of the offence are: (a)
a valid notice issued by the Commissioner to the owner; and (b) failure to
comply.

49 As there is no express _mens rea_ requirement, Lee and Chiong conceded that
the provision created a strict liability offence. However, they argued that
the defence of due diligence or reasonable care should have been available to
them, following the principles in _M V_  _Balakrishnan v PP_ [1998] SGHC 416;
[1998] 1 CLAS 357 and _Tan Cheng Kwee v PP_ [2002] 3 SLR 390. As Mr Tan failed
to inform them of this, they allegedly suffered a serious injustice that must
be set right.

_Strict liability_

50 In _Comfort Management Pte Ltd v PP_ [2003] 2 SLR 67, I adopted the
approach established in _Sweet v Parsley_ [1970] AC 132 and _Gammon (Hong
Kong) Ltd v Attorney-General of Hong Kong_ [1985] AC 1, to decide if the
relevant offence was one of strict liability. The following opinion expressed
by Lord Scarman in _Gammon (Hong Kong) Ltd_ (at 14) provides a concise set of
guidelines:

(1) there is a presumption of law that _mens rea_ is required before a person
can be held guilty of a criminal offence; (2) the presumption is particularly
strong where the offence is “truly criminal” in character; (3) the presumption
applies to statutory offences, and can be displaced only if this is clearly or
by necessary implication the effect of the statute; (4) the only situation in
which the presumption can be displaced is where the statute is concerned with
an issue of social concern, and public safety is such an issue; (5) even when
a statute is concerned with such an issue, the presumption of _mens rea_
stands unless it can be shown that the creation of strict liability will be
effective to promote the objects of the statute …

51 However, it was not necessary for me to decide if s 4(3) of the Act did
indeed create a strict liability offence, as Lee and Chiong clearly possessed
the requisite _mens rea_ in any case. As I noted earlier, the only material
elements of the offence were: (a) a valid notice issued by the Commissioner to
the owner; and (b) failure to comply. It was not disputed that Lee and Chiong
had received a valid notice, and as owners of the retaining wall and fence,
were obliged to comply. Once they received the notice, they knew what was
required of them, yet they deliberately chose not to carry out the necessary
repairs. They were both clearly guilty of an offence under s 4(3).

_Defence of reasonable care_

52 Even if I accepted that the defence of reasonable care was available to Lee
and Chiong, their conduct fell far short of what was required. After receiving
the BCA’s notice, they took no steps to carry out the rectification works.
They claimed that the fence was not within their property, yet they did not
submit any evidence of the alleged private survey they commissioned to support
their contention. Moreover, their son Min Kwang had already acknowledged that
the fence fell within the premises as early as 15 August 2001.

53 Lee and Chiong also asserted that their neighbours at No 37 Toh Tuck Place
were responsible for the damage to the fence. However, as they failed to
produce any credible evidence to substantiate their allegations, I had no
choice but to reject their claims.

**Conclusion**

54 For the reasons above, I allowed the criminal motions to adduce new
evidence, but dismissed the petitions for criminal revision.

Criminal motions allowed. Petitions for criminal revision dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 May 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

