Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chwee Kin Keong and Others v Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd  
[2004] SGHC 71

Case Number | : | Suit 202/2003/E  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 April 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Sok Ling, Malcolm Tan and Mohan Das Vijayaratnam (Tan S L and Partners) for plaintiffs; Philip Fong Yeng Fatt and Doris Chia Ming Lai (Harry Elias Partnership) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Chwee Kin Keong; Tan Wei Teck; Yeow Kinn Keong Mark; Ow Eng Hwee; Tan Chun Chuen Malcolm; Yeow Kinn Oei — Digilandmall.com Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Pleadings – Amendment – Whether amendment of particulars of
pleadings at conclusion of submissions allowed – Facts raised in proposed
amendments addressed during trial and submissions – Whether surprise or
prejudice caused  
  
Contract – Consideration – Mutual promises – Online transaction – Whether
promise by buyer to pay for goods, in exchange for delivery of goods,
constituted sufficient consideration  
  
Contract – Formation – Electronic Transactions Act (Cap 88, 1999 Rev Ed) –
Whether automated e-mail responses from seller amounted to acceptance of
buyer's offer  
  
Contract – Mistake – Mistake of fact – Seller's unilateral mistake as to price
of goods posted on website – Whether online buyer entitled to enforce contract
against seller  
  

12 April 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
V K Rajah JC:

1 In the early hours of the morning of 13 January 2003, six friends, the
plaintiffs in this case, placed orders over the Internet for 1,606
sophisticated Hewlett Packard commercial laser printers (“the laser
printer(s)”). Though the actual price of the laser printer was $3,854, the
defendant had on 8 January 2003 mistakenly posted the price at $66.00 on its
websites. The plaintiffs assert they were not aware of the defendant’s mistake
when they placed their orders, and had believed the offer was genuine. The
plaintiffs’ orders were processed by the defendant’s automated system and
confirmation notes were automatically despatched to the plaintiffs within a
few minutes. When the defendant learnt of the error, it promptly removed the
advertisement from its websites, and informed the plaintiffs as well as 778
others who had placed orders for a total of 4,086 laser printers that the
price posting was an unfortunate error, and that it would therefore not be
meeting the orders. The plaintiffs refute that the error exonerates the
defendant; they insist that a concluded contract is sacrosanct and must be
honoured. If the defendant were right, they maintain, uncertainty would
prevail in the commercial world and more particularly in Internet
transactions. They assert that spending only $105,996 to procure laser
printers with an actual market value of $6,189,524 is wholly irrelevant; they
are entitled to a good bargain. The defendant, on the other hand, contends
that the law should not penalise a party who has unwittingly and genuinely
made a unilateral mistake – which was known or ought to have been known by the
plaintiffs.

2 Who is correct? This, in a nutshell, is the issue at the heart of these
proceedings.

**Factual matrix**

3 All six plaintiffs are graduates, conversant with the usage of the Internet
and its practices and endowed with more than an adequate understanding of
business and commercial practices. From time to time they communicate with
each other _via_ the Internet and the short messaging system (“sms”). A number
of them have very close relationships, with some of them even sharing common
business interests. They are described by their counsel in submissions as
“risk takers”, “business minded and profit seeking”.

**_Genesis of the mistake_**

4 The defendant is a company that sells information technology (“IT”) related
products over the Internet to consumers. As part of its business, it operates
a website owned by Hewlett Packard (“HP”) at http://www.buyhp.com.sg (“the HP
website”) where only HP products are sold. The defendant also sells HP
products on its own website at http://www.digiland.com (“the Digilandmall
website”).

5 A related website for corporate clients and re-sellers (“the Digiland
commerce website”) is owned and operated by a related entity, Digiland
International Limited (“DIL”). The price of the laser printer, prior to 3.36pm
on 8 January 2003, was stipulated as $3,854 (exclusive of GST) on both the
Digilandmall and HP websites (“the websites”), and as $3,448 on the Digiland
commerce website.

6 On Wednesday, 8 January 2003 between 3.00pm and 4.00pm, DIL’s employees
conducted a training session at the defendant’s premises. Part of the training
module included hands-on training with a new template for a “Price Mass
Upload” function. This new template was designed to facilitate instantaneous
price changes allowing them to be simultaneously reflected in the relevant
Internet web pages. A real product number “HP 9660A” was inserted in the new
template as the prototype for which fictional prices were to be changed on the
three relevant websites. This was presumably to render the training more
lifelike.

7 At about 3.36pm, Samuel Teo, an employee of DIL, inadvertently uploaded the
contents of the training template onto the Digiland commerce website operated
by DIL, in place of the test website allocated for the training. The programme
trigger on that website automatically and instantaneously initiated the
insertion of similar contents onto all three websites.

8 The proper description of the laser printer, “HPC 9660A Color LaserJet
4600”, was, as a result of the accident, replaced by the numerals “55”; while
the numerals “66” replaced the correct price of the laser printer priced at
$3,854 and the numerals “77” replaced the original corporate price of the
laser printer priced at $3,448. Samuel Teo had used all these notional
numerals on the training template.

9 The defendant’s assertion that Samuel Teo had neither the authority nor the
intention to make any alterations to the laser printer’s price is now accepted
by the plaintiffs. Nor is it disputed that Samuel Teo, or any of the other
employees of the defendant, was unaware at all material times of the dramatic
chain of events so unwittingly initiated by the former.

10 News of the rather extraordinary laser printer pricing began to spread like
wildfire within the local Internet community. There were altogether 1,008
purchase orders for the laser printers placed by 784 individuals between 8 and
13 January 2003. Though the six plaintiffs accounted for only 18 of these
purchase orders, they figure prominently among the 11 individuals who ordered
more than 50 laser printers. The first and fifth plaintiffs ordered exactly a
hundred laser printers each. The second, third, fourth and sixth plaintiffs
are the only individuals who ordered more than a hundred laser printers each.

11 The single most controversial issue in these proceedings is the knowledge
possessed and/or belief entertained by each of the plaintiffs when they
entered into each of the transactions for the purchase of the laser printers.
Needless to say, this goes to the very heart of the claims’ sustainability.

12 The plaintiffs both collectively and individually maintained adamantly that
while they thought that the price of $66 appeared to be a “good deal” they did
not think that the website prices had been mistakenly placed or inserted. They
deny having had any communications amongst themselves about the possibility,
let alone probability, that the price posting on the website could have been a
mistake. They stoutly assert that they were too preoccupied with the
realisation of potential profits through a so-called arbitrage position
between different markets to contemplate that an error had been made. As this
is a critical issue, it is imperative that each of their positions be
carefully evaluated. Being fully conscious of the pivotal nature of this
point, I have duly accorded particular attention to the evidence and
credibility of each of the plaintiffs.

**_The first plaintiff_**

13 The first plaintiff, Chwee Kin Keong, is 29 years old. He graduated from
NTU as a bachelor of business studies, specialising in financial analysis. He
is currently self-employed and is intimately involved in the multi-level
marketing sales of aromatherapy products under the Bel-Air label. Prior to
being self-employed, he was a corporate banker with Standard Chartered Bank,
Singapore, for four years. He is also a director and shareholder in a company
engaging in wholesale trade, together with the second and third plaintiffs. He
is described by his counsel in submissions as a “prudent and careful person”.

14 The first, second and fourth plaintiffs became acquainted with each other
when they studied at the Nanyang Technological University (“NTU”). They have a
common interest in bridge and this helped to cement their friendship. The
fifth plaintiff was also a member of this bridge group

15 Early on the morning of 13 January 2003 at about 1.17am, the first
plaintiff received a message from a friend, Desmond Tan (“Desmond”), through
an Internet chatlink. The unconstrained exchange that followed between the two
is both revealing and compelling. The first plaintiff’s callname in this
exchange is “Scorpio”. The following excerpts are particularly relevant:

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:17 go hp online now

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:17 what hp online??

…

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:24 just ordered 3 colour lazer printer for S$66.00 each

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:24 huh?? How come got such thing?

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:25 keep trying

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:25 ok but how come got such a good deal?

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:25 I think one of the wrong posted price

…

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:25 damn don’t tell me they realised their error already

…

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:32 shiok ... can make a quick profit by selling them
cheap … shd buy more

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:33 how many u intend to get?

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:33 10? 20?

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:33 as many as I can!

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:33 why not?

…

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:40 if any friend got extra printer … u want?

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:41 u want it for profit or personal use?

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:42 I want at least one for personal use … 2 would be good
coz my gf needs one too … any more than that would be a bonus …;-)

…

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:43 anyway, I don’t mind buying over if you have frens who
want to sell … buy at twice the price!! hahaha means S$132

…

Desmond 13/01/20 01:43 even $500 is a steal

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:43 yeah man ... what’s the original price?

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:43 coz the HP laser colour printer sells for at least 3
to 4k outside

…

Desmond 13/01/20 01:44 from US I heard is about USD 2k

Desmond 13/01/20 01:44 its HP and Laser and Coloured

…

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:44 if they dont honor it ...

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:45 sell me one lah … name your price ;-) sue them lor …

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:45 I think they will give vouchers or special deals

…

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:46 hahahaha yeah lor .. aiyah why u only buy 3?????

…

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:47 wasn’t greedy before I tok to u

…

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:47 yeah.. S$1 mio then no need to work liao?? u think
this is the 1970s??

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:47 u make me greedy

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:47 ok lor if you insist …

16 When the first plaintiff eventually succeeded in accessing the HP website,
he immediately placed an order for 100 laser printers at about _2.05am_ ,
charging the transaction to his credit card.

17 Having called the second and third plaintiffs at about _2.00am_ , the first
plaintiff also sent them, _via_ e-mail, a weblink of the relevant HP website
pages. The e-mail was given a “high importance” priority and captioned “go
load it now!!”.

18 He said he later conducted some searches using the “Google” search engine
and ascertained that the laser printer could be sold at about US$1,300 in
certain markets. He then zealously sent at about 2.58am, an e-mail to 54
persons, all of whom were friends and/or business associates. The recipients
of this e-mail included the second, fourth, fifth plaintiffs and Tan Cheng
Peng, the third plaintiff’s girlfriend. This short but highly significant
e-mail reads:

\---- Original Message ----

From: Stanley Chwee

To: XXXXX

Sent: Monday, January 13, 2003 2:58 AM

Subject: IMPT – HP Colour LaserJet _going at only $66!!_

Dear friend,

Someone referred me to the HP website which shows the price of this HP Colour
LaserJet 4600 Series as S$66.00. _I do not know if this is_ _an error_ _or
whether HP will honour this purchase_. _No harm trying right? I hope by the
time you see this email, the price is still at S$66.00 coz they might change
it anytime._

_Good luck!_

Click on this link!

http://www.buy.hp.com.sg/hp/StandardProduct.cfm?prodid=HPC9960A

[emphasis added]

19 Later in the morning, at about 4.15am, the fourth plaintiff sent the
following e-mail to the first plaintiff, copied to the second plaintiff only:

\---- Original Message ----

From: Ow Eng Hwee

To: Stanley Chwee

Cc: XXXXX; Tan Wei Teck

Sent: Monday, January 13, 2003 4:15 AM

Subject: Re: IMPT – HP Colour LaserJet going at only $66!!

Check out the prices here :)

http://www.epinions.com/HP_Color_LaserJet_4600_Series_Printer_Printers

20 Annexed to this e-mail was the first plaintiff’s earlier mass e-mail.
Before retiring for the night, the first plaintiff had a further discussion
with the second plaintiff on how to store the laser printers they had ordered.

21 The first plaintiff must have realised at the outset that he would have to
explain with a certain measure of credibility the purport and significance of
all his Internet communications between 1.00am and 3.00am on 13 January 2003.
Claiming he was in a “light-hearted kind of mood” during his ICQ (acronym for
“I-Seek-You”) conversation with Desmond, he insisted that this conversation
should be taken neither seriously nor literally. In submissions, his counsel
attempted to play down the significance of both this conversation as well as
the mass e-mail. They contended that the entire ICQ conversation, infused with
such a jocular tone, should be disregarded.

22 The exchange between the first plaintiff and Desmond provides an intimate
and revealing insight into the first plaintiff’s thought process at the
material time; the exchange fluctuated between bantering on the one hand, to
nothing short of the candid exchange of thoughts on the other, revealing that
the first plaintiff was fully aware of the likely existence of an error in
pricing. The following excerpt is particularly significant and compelling:

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:25 ok but how come got such a good deal?

Desmond: 13/01/20 01:25 _I think one of the wrong posted price_

…

Scorpio: 13/01/20 01:25 _damn don’t tell me they realised their error already_

[emphasis added]

23 The subsequent exchange further clarifies that the first plaintiff was
fully conscious of the potential profit element arising from the purchase of a
substantial number of the laser printers. He offered to buy a laser printer
from Desmond at double the price, that is $132. Desmond further informed the
first plaintiff that the sale price of each laser printer was in the region of
$3,000 to $4,000. They even discussed the possible scenario of the defendant
not honouring the transactions. The first plaintiff’s riposte, should such a
situation come to pass, was to “sue them lor”. Desmond intimated that the
defendant would give vouchers or special deals as a matter of “equitable
compensation” should it not honour the purchase orders. Interestingly, Desmond
also remarked to the first plaintiff that he “wasn’t greedy before I tok to
u”.

24 While the first plaintiff conceded that he had communicated to the second
and third plaintiffs the existence of a “good deal”, he maintained he did not
discuss the possibility of the pricing being a mistake. He was aware that the
laser printers were targeted for business use.

25 The mass e-mail at 2.58am is cursorily dismissed by counsel for the
plaintiffs as “poor use of language” that ought not to be taken literally in
light of the early hours of the morning. Counsel’s approach is flawed.

26 It is clear from the “priority” status accorded to the e-mail that the
first plaintiff was sharing his knowledge of a “good deal”. His revelation
that he did “not know if this is an error or whether HP will honour this
purchase”, not to mention the articulation of his hope that “by the time you
see this email, the price is still at S$66.00 _coz they might change it
anytime_ ”, are all compelling in reflecting his state of mind and awareness
that an error had occurred. The preface “I do not know” in no way detracts
from this; the e-mail being addressed to a large group of 54 persons, the
first plaintiff would simply not have wanted to commit himself by saying “I
know”.

27 The first plaintiff obviously took the view that the advertisement should
be acted upon urgently. Why? Because it was simply a matter of time before the
error would inevitably be noticed and the pricing inevitably corrected. This
e-mail was sent only _after_ the first plaintiff had made his own Internet
searches on the pricing of the laser printer. Counsel however contends that
even if this e-mail were to be read literally, this should not affect the
first plaintiff’s own purchase that had taken place an hour earlier. I reject
this. The first plaintiff’s purchase took place soon after the ICQ
conversation with Desmond where Desmond had in no uncertain terms pitched the
price of the laser printer between $3,000 to $4,000. This final mass e-mail
only reinforces my view that the first plaintiff consistently and continuously
entertained the view that the price posting on the HP website was a mistake.

28 In any event, the first plaintiff’s commercial background and business
experience alone would have amply alerted him to the likelihood of the pricing
being a mistake, even without his conversation with Desmond. His own counsel’s
description of him as “careful and prudent” only serves to corroborate this.
It is simply inconceivable that when he entered into the purchase transaction,
he did not know, or at the very least did not have a real and abiding belief
that the price posting was an error.

29 The first plaintiff struck me as an opportunistic entrepreneur. He appeared
distinctly uncomfortable during several phases of his cross-examination and
his answers on crucial points were evasive and often vague.. His evidence in
relation to the level and nature of communications he had with the second and
third plaintiffs on the morning in question lacked candour. The first, second
and third plaintiffs have been friends for a long time and are bound by common
business interests. I do not accept that there were no discussions between
them on the price posting being an error. The evidence incontrovertibly
indicates that the first plaintiff himself entertained this view for the
entire period he was in communication with the second and third plaintiffs. If
he was prepared to commit this view in writing to a larger circle of 54
friends and business associates _after_ his communication with the second and
third plaintiffs, he would certainly have shared this view with his close
friends with even greater candour and detail.

**_The second plaintiff_**

30 Tan Wei Teck is 30 years old. He graduated with an accounting degree from
NTU. He is currently a supervisor in the taxation department of an
international accounting firm, Deloitte & Touche, specialising in corporate
taxation services. He has common business interests with the first, third and
fourth plaintiffs. In fact, he and the fourth plaintiff have jointly
conceptualised and implemented an Internet-related business. He is also
described as the sole proprietor and manager of two other businesses that
provide business support and consultancy.

31 He admitted receiving a call from the first plaintiff at about 2.00am but
claimed the first plaintiff merely apprised him of a good deal. After
receiving the e-mail from the first plaintiff, he visited the relevant HP
website pages. He then carried out some checks on the Yahoo search engine to
ascertain whether the printer model existed and whether the laser printer
could be sold at more than $66. He said that he wanted to be sure that the
offer on the HP website was “genuine”. He also called the first plaintiff to
see if the latter had managed to successfully complete his purchase.

32 Satisfied with his enquiries in relation to the printer model, he returned
to the HP website and placed an order for 100 laser printers at about 2.23am.
Between 3.13am and 4.00am the second plaintiff revisited the website four
times placing four further orders for 20 laser printers each time. Altogether,
the second plaintiff purchased 180 units, opting for cash on delivery as the
payment mode.

33 After his first order, the second plaintiff contacted the fourth and fifth
plaintiffs informing them about the laser printers. In addition, he despatched
e-mails to the fourth and fifth plaintiffs attaching a hyperlink to the HP
website. The e-mails sent at 2.34am were also captioned “Go load it now!!”
with its importance set at “high”. He in effect forwarded the first
plaintiff’s e-mail to them. In his initial affidavit he admitted wondering
“whether the price was a mistake” after his first order was placed. He said he
had by then discovered from his Internet searches that the price of the laser
printer was in the region of $3,000.

34 He also visited the Digilandmall website to familiarise himself with their
standard terms and conditions. He acknowledged having had conversations with
the other plaintiffs about “how much money we can sell the printer and how
much we can make and about storage space” as well as “how many units we intend
to buy”.

35 In addition to these conversations, the second plaintiff also accessed the
“Epinions” website and sent a related e-mail to the first plaintiff. Though he
initially denied this in cross-examination, he had to accept this when
confronted with his own e-mail as irrefutable evidence.

36 The second plaintiff was the key person and pivotal in the entire chain of
events. While the first plaintiff was the source of the information concerning
the price posting, the second plaintiff actively communicated with all of the
plaintiffs (save the sixth plaintiff), throughout the material period.

37 The second plaintiff was insistent in his evidence that there was no
communication from the first plaintiff alerting him to the likely existence of
the mistake; he contends the first plaintiff merely apprised him of a good
deal and sent him the weblink to the HP website. I found his entire evidence
relating to his communication with the first and other plaintiffs
unsatisfactory and in many aspects incredulous. He tried to convey the
impression that it never struck him that a mistake in the price posting of the
laser printer could have occurred. Indeed, upon re-examination, he attempted
to distance himself from the portion of his affidavit suggesting that the
possibility of a genuine mistake had crossed his mind after the first
transaction. He sought to amend his affidavit and testified that if the
references in his affidavit implied the acknowledgement of a mistake, they
were formulated not by him but by his previous solicitors and were incorrect.
Needless to say, he could not satisfactorily explain why his previous
solicitors had formed such a view when preparing his affidavit and why he had
affirmed the same. Nor could he satisfactorily explain why he initially made
the Internet searches to ensure the offer was “genuine”.

38 The second plaintiff came across as intelligent and resourceful. Given his
professional and business background, he must have realised that the $66 price
posting on the HP website was an error. He made Internet search enquiries as
to whether the printer model existed and at what price it could be resold. He
conducted the searches to ascertain what the laser printer’s true price was.
His counsel contends that “the idea the price was a mistake never arose in the
second plaintiff’s mind; he was preoccupied with thinking about the profit
potential of the laser printers”. This is an inane argument. To determine the
profit potential, the second plaintiff had to take steps to ascertain the true
market price of the laser printer which he did. Having ascertained the true
market price, it would have appeared crystal clear, given the huge disparity
in the pricing, that a manifest mistake had occurred.

39 The sequence of orders placed by the second plaintiff in the short space of
an hour and a half deserves some mention. He offered no plausible explanation
for the series of orders which he placed while he was in communication with
the other plaintiffs, other than stating audaciously that he had to “buy a lot
to sell a lot, to get a lot”.

40 When the fourth plaintiff responded to the first plaintiff’s mass e-mail,
he copied his response to the second plaintiff. His communications with the
fifth plaintiff, a lawyer, on the efficacy of the terms and conditions also
lead to the ineluctable conclusion that he harboured anxieties whether this
astoundingly good deal would be honoured when the error was discovered. There
can be no other reasonable explanation.

41 The second plaintiff seems to have redefined the facts to achieve his
objective in these proceedings. He was opportunistic in effecting his
purchases, active in co-ordinating with the other plaintiffs on the eventful
morning, and economical with the truth in his evidence.

**_The third plaintiff_**

42 Mark Yeow Kinn Keong has a Bachelor of Science (Economics) degree from the
University of London. He is 32 years old and conducts his own network
marketing business. He also participates in multi-level marketing of Bel-Air
aromatherapy products. He worked for a short period in the IT Project
Development department of the Standard Chartered Bank, where he became
acquainted with the first plaintiff. The first plaintiff introduced him to the
other plaintiffs. His girlfriend, Tan Cheng Peng, is also a director and
shareholder of the company in which he has a stakeholding with the first and
second plaintiffs

43 After receiving a call from the first plaintiff at about 2.00am informing
him that he had “found an opportunity to make money as there was an arbitrage
position to be achieved for some Hewlett Packard printers”, the third
plaintiff duly accessed his e-mail and visited the HP website. Having
ascertained that the laser printer was being advertised at $66, he decided to
undertake further online searches through “Yahoo.com” and “Ebay.com”. He
confirmed through these searches that the usual price of the laser printers
was in the region of US$2,000.

44 He made his first purchase of ten laser printers at about 2.42am. He placed
another order for a further 150 printers at 3.14am, followed by two further
orders for 300 printers each at about 3.56am and 3.59am. Altogether he sought
to purchase 760 units, the largest number of orders placed by anyone between 8
and 13 January 2003. He opted to pay for all his purchases by cash on
delivery.

45 The most telling aspect of the third plaintiff’s evidence is his admission
that he made Internet searches relating to the pricing of the laser printer,
immediately after he was contacted by the first plaintiff. He claimed he
wanted to find out how much profit he could make. In other words, he really
wanted to ascertain the true price of the laser printer.

46 He was therefore aware, even before he made his first purchase, that the
actual price of the laser printer was in the region of US$2,000. His
credibility on the material points was dubious, at best. On the issue of his
actual knowledge and communications with the other plaintiffs at the material
time, I found his evidence unsatisfactory.

47 Not content with making his own purchases, he woke up his brother and
transacted 330 units on his behalf. Added to his own purchases of 760 units,
he was effectively responsible for the purchase of 1,090 laser printers. This
constituted more than a quarter of the total number of laser printers ordered.
It appears that he was also in touch with the fifth plaintiff as evidenced by
an e-mail sent later that morning by the fifth plaintiff to both him and the
second plaintiff containing research _on what companies who had made similar
Internet errors did_. There was no satisfactory reason for the genesis of this
e-mail (see [67] _infra_). In the final analysis, it would appear that the
likely existence of an internal error in pricing was clearly within his
contemplation. His Internet research alone would have confirmed that. The
number of orders he placed was nothing short of brazen.

48 The third plaintiff annexed to his affidavit the transcript of the Channel
NewsAsia report where he was quoted. The transcript states that the third and
the fifth plaintiffs “saw a great opportunity and grabbed it”. This is much
closer to the truth than the picture he has tried to paint in these
proceedings. He also claimed to have talked to “buyers in the market” about
reselling the laser printers and that the failure to procure the units would
tarnish his reputation. This assertion is patently untrue. There were no such
discussions with potential buyers.

49 Tan Cheng Peng’s brief evidence did not really assist the third plaintiff.
In any event, it does not appear that she disclosed the whole truth of what
she knew. It is pertinent to note that she placed orders for 32 laser printers
including 20 units she ordered on behalf of her sister.

**_The fourth plaintiff_**

50 Ow Eng Hwee, 29 years old, is another network marketing entrepreneur. He
holds an accounting degree from NTU. He worked in an accounting firm, Ernst
and Young, for three years. He has incorporated an Internet business
“Dreamcupid” in which the second plaintiff has an interest. This is an online
dating and match-making service. He was also a partner in what is described as
a printing business.

51 The fourth plaintiff received a phone call from the second plaintiff at
about 2.00am, informing him that there was money to be made through the
purchase of laser printers. The fourth plaintiff duly accessed the e-mail the
second plaintiff had sent him pursuant to their conversation. After
establishing from the web pages that the price quoted for the laser printer
was indeed $66, he proceeded to make searches through search engines like
Yahoo and visited the website of “Hardware.com”. He too affirmed from his
searches that the normal price of the laser printer was in the region of
US$2,000.

52 He then called the second plaintiff on his handphone and informed him that
he intended to purchase 50 laser printers. He placed his first order for 50
units at about 2.58am, and his second order for another 50 units at 3.22am,
again through the HP website. Upon accessing the Digilandmall website and
confirming that the printer was offered there at $66 as well, he placed a
further order for 25 laser printers through that website at about 3.29am. The
payment mode opted for was cash on delivery. At 4.16am he placed another order
for one laser printer, by credit card, on the HP website. When notified and
satisfied that this transaction was successful as well, he placed a final
order at 4.21am for ten laser printers on the HP website, charging this to his
credit card. At 4.15am, he sent an email to the first plaintiff, copied to the
second plaintiff, with a happy emoticon following “check out the prices here”
(see [19] _supra_).

53 He claimed that seeing the same price on the Digilandmall website confirmed
his view that there “had been no mistake”. After placing his second order, he
admitted making further searches on the Internet “to fortify my view that the
price of the $66 per printer was not a mistake” He was also the only plaintiff
who placed an order on the Digilandmall website. After the defendant intimated
that it would not be delivering the laser printer, he sent an e-mail
excoriating it, asserting, _inter alia_ :

Myself, and other people who have been disappointed by you decision, will
definitely spread word of the company’s lack of honour and integrity to
everyone we know and all over the internet! Imagine the effect of this
negative publicity on your future sales! As such, I would strongly appeal to
you to reconsider your decision.

In evidence he explained his conduct in the following manner:

I felt that I had done all that was conceivably within my means to ensure that
the Price was _not a mistake_. I even went to both the HP Web-Site as well as
the DigilandMall Web-site to see if the prices were the same. [emphasis added]

54 The fourth plaintiff admits that he had entertained the idea at the
material time that the price posting could have been an error. To that extent,
his evidence that he subsequently dismissed the notion altogether is
unacceptable. He appears to have been in constant communication with the
second plaintiff and to have received and read the mass e-mail from the first
plaintiff after he placed his first purchase order. When giving evidence, he
struck me as cautious, taking great pains to convey the impression that his
numerous online enquiries that morning were routinely carried out without any
real inkling that an error had occurred. He claims visiting, _inter alia_ ,
the “Epinions” and “Hardwarezone” websites, and though it appears that there
was at the material time a discussion thread on the error on the
“Hardwarezone” website, the fourth plaintiff denied having seen this. He
subsequently sent the web link to the “Epinions” website to the first and
second plaintiffs.

55 The fourth plaintiff is technologically savvy and runs an Internet business
with the second plaintiff. He appeared to be consummately familiar with
Internet practices and was forced to concede that he thought it was “weird”
and “unusual” when he saw the number “55” on the relevant webpages in place of
the actual product description. Again he attempted to minimise the impact of
these observations by saying his subsequent searches erased all such doubts.
To my mind, the confirmation through the subsequent searches that the actual
price of the laser printer was, in fact, US$2,000 would, if anything, have
affirmed his belief that an error had occurred.

56 He vacillated throughout his evidence between a propensity to embellish his
evidence on the one hand and to hold back on the other. His evidence
pertaining to the material points of knowledge and his communications with the
other plaintiffs lacked credibility.

**_The fifth plaintiff_**

57 Malcolm Tan is 30 years old and a practising advocate and solicitor. He
commenced practice in 2000 and currently practices with the law firm
representing the plaintiffs in this action. Prior to this he was an associate
in the Intellectual Property and Technology Department of Allen & Gledhill. He
is also part of the Bel-Air network. He admitted in cross-examination to being
the lawyer for “this group of people” when they had “questions like these” in
the present proceedings. Indeed he had conduct of significant phases of these
proceedings on behalf of the plaintiffs.

58 The fifth plaintiff was first informed by the second plaintiff at about
2.30am about cheap laser printers being available for purchase. He received
this information through an sms message. After further sms exchanges, the
second plaintiff contacted the fifth plaintiff on his mobile phone, urging him
to return home to access the e-mail message he had just sent.

59 Upon duly accessing the HP website through the hyperlink sent to him by the
second plaintiff, the fifth plaintiff ascertained that the laser printer was
priced at $66. He claims he then accessed the US HP website either through a
“Google” web search engine or by “abbreviating the url” of the HP website.

60 Prior to placing his order, he was again contacted by the second plaintiff.
The second plaintiff made an enquiry as to the terms and conditions governing
purchases through the HP website while the fifth plaintiff was perusing the
conditions of the Digilandmall website. After the second plaintiff read out
some of the terms and conditions he had found, the fifth plaintiff told him
that the contract was binding upon a successful purchase order being received.

61 The fifth plaintiff placed an order for 100 laser printers at about 3.51am.

62 Like the second plaintiff, the fifth plaintiff played a pivotal role in the
events leading to these proceedings. As a lawyer, he appears to have been
indispensable in the plaintiffs’ attempts to hold the defendant to the
“bargain”. He was also involved in initiating the Channel NewsAsia report (see
[78] and [79] _infra_).

63 It is pertinent he too made web searches using the “Google” search engine.
He claimed that when he could not find the identical model on the US HP
website he had assumed initially that the laser printer might be obsolete and
was therefore being off-loaded cheaply at $66. When pressed as to whether he
visited other websites, he said he could not confirm that one way or the
other. I find it inconceivable, to say the least, that the fifth plaintiff
would have placed an order for 100 laser printers without the conviction that
it was in fact a current market model with a real and substantial resale
value. After all, what would he do with 100 obsolete commercial laser
printers?

64 The fifth plaintiff was vague and tentative in many crucial aspects of his
evidence. Yet in other aspects, he could recollect, with crystal clear
precision and clarity, details of what had transpired. It seems to me that he
was trying to tailor his evidence to fit neatly within the legal parameters of
the plaintiffs’ case. I was neither impressed nor convinced.

65 He was particularly circumspect in recounting his communications with the
second plaintiff. It appears there were a series of sms messages between them
and at least a few telephone discussions while the purchases were being
effected. Though both of them admit to having had discussions about the
website terms and conditions governing the purchases, they deny that there was
any discussion between them on even the possibility of an error having taken
place. In the fifth plaintiff’s affidavit evidence, he asserted emphatically
and unequivocally that “at no point did I ever think that the price of the
printers were a mistake”. I cannot accept that. The fifth plaintiff, even if
he had not been alerted by the second plaintiff, would have instinctively
appreciated the existence of a manifest error without any prompting
whatsoever.

66 The fifth plaintiff also gave evidence that the next morning, when he
logged on his computer, he noted that a Hong Kong lawyer friend, Coral Toh,
was also logged onto her computer. This, by an uncanny coincidence, was the
same person whom he had intended to consult in the resale of the laser
printers – a topic that he had discussed with the second plaintiff earlier
that morning. Quite apart from this singularly precise timing, his exchange
with Ms Toh is noteworthy for the following reason: when he told her about the
various concluded purchases of the laser printers, she immediately “thought it
was a mistake” and that HP would not honour the contracts. In my view this
further undermines the essence of the plaintiffs’ case – that they never
contemplated that the pricing was a mistake. Any reasonable person, given the
extent of the knowledge and information the plaintiffs were armed with, would
have come to a similar conclusion.

67 Ms Toh subsequently did some research on how companies which had committed
similar mistakes over the Internet handled the aftermath. When pressed why he
asked Ms Toh to do this research, the fifth plaintiff’s response was
unsatisfactory. He claimed that he had not asked her to do the research and
that she had done it independently. Be that as it may, the fifth plaintiff,
soon after he received Ms Toh’s research, shared the information with the
second and third plaintiffs. Soon after, the second, third and fifth
plaintiffs took their claims to the media.

**_The sixth plaintiff_**

68 Yeow Kinn Oei is 29 years old and the brother of the third plaintiff. He is
currently employed as an accountant in an accounting firm, Ernst & Young.

69 The sixth plaintiff was awakened by his brother, the third plaintiff, at
about 3.00am. The third plaintiff informed him that laser printers were being
sold at $66 each and that these laser printers could be sold at “a much higher
price about a thousand plus”. The sixth plaintiff told his brother to order
some for him, without specifying how many laser printers he wanted or how he
intended to pay for the laser printers.

70 The third plaintiff proceeded to place orders on behalf of the sixth
plaintiff on the HP website. The initial order for 30 laser printers was
placed at round 3.45am while the second order for 300 units was placed at
around 3.53am. The payment mode selected by the third plaintiff was cash on
delivery.

71 The sixth plaintiff’s position can be dealt with very briefly. Given that
he left everything in the third plaintiff’s hands, his legal position is, to
that extent, identical to the third plaintiff’s.

**_The purchase transactions_**

72 To effect the purchase transactions on the respective websites, the
plaintiffs had to navigate through several web pages. In terms of
chronological sequence, the initial page accessed was the shopping cart,
followed by checkout-order particulars, checkout-order confirmation, check-out
payment details and payment – whether by cash on delivery or by credit card.
In the final stage of the process, after the payment mode was indicated, each
of the plaintiffs was notified “successful transaction … your order and
payment transaction has been processed”. Upon completing this sequence, each
of the orders placed by the plaintiffs was confirmed by automated responses
from the respective websites stating “Successful Purchase Confirmation from HP
online”. The fourth plaintiff’s single transaction with the Digilandmall
website was confirmed by a similar automated response stating “Successful
Purchase Confirmation from Digilandmall”.

73 The sixth plaintiff’s orders did not receive matching confirmations from
the defendant as his e-mail box was full. There is no question, however, that
he placed the orders, that these orders were received by the HP website and
that the same automated response sent to the other plaintiffs was sent out to
him.

74 Under product description on each webpage, instead of the actual
description of the laser printer which in this case should have been “HP 9660A
Color LaserJet 4600”, only the numerals “55” appeared: this was the result of
Samuel Teo’s earlier inadvertent input. There was also no indication that the
product was being sold on promotion. Promotions would be indicated by a “P”
inside a yellow circle next to the product in question. The product
descriptions in all the other pages of the respective websites, at the
material time, carried a full detailed description of all advertised products.

75 Each of the automated confirmatory e-mail responses carried under
“Availability” of product the notation “call to enquire”. The web page
entitled “checkout – order confirmation” had a notation stating “the earliest
date on which we can deliver all the products to you is based on the longest
estimated time of stock availability plus the delivery lead time”. The
shopping cart website page carried the insertion “call to enquire” under the
heading “Availability” of product. In addition, each of the confirmatory
e-mail responses states at the outset:

[W]e will be calling you in the near future to deliver the products to the
address shown below. You may find the status of your order by calling us at
(phone number given) … Special instructions: Please call to advise delivery
date and time.

76 On Monday, 13 January 2003, at about 9.15am, an employee of the defendant
received a call from a prospective customer inquiring whether the defendant
was aware of the posted price of $66 for the laser printers on the HP website.
It was only then that the defendant promptly took steps to remove all
references to the laser printer from all three websites.

**_Media reports after the discovery of the mistake_**

77 Soon after the defendant informed the plaintiffs that they did not intend
to deliver the laser printers, the plaintiffs took their claims to the press.
In a _Straits Times_ report dated 15 January 2003 captioned “$66 printer error
– angry customers seek lawyer’s help”, it was reported that the second
plaintiff, described as “a network marketer” had on 13 January at about 2.00am
“ _stumbled upon a offer he could not believe_ – $66 for a Hewlett Packard
laserjet printer that normally sells for $3,854 before GST”. The relevant text
reads:

WHILE surfing the Net at about 2 am on Monday, Mr Tan Wei Teck stumbled upon
an offer _he could not believe_ – $66 for a Hewlett Packard laserjet printer
that normally sells for $3,854 before GST.

[emphasis added]

78 In a Channel NewsAsia report datelined 15 January 2003, it was reported
that:

Two of the customers, Mark Yeow and Malcolm Tan, have already spoken to their
lawyers.

The businessmen _saw a great opportunity and grabbed it_ – placing an order
for 1,000 printers.

Mr Yeow said: “ _After we ordered, the very next day, some of us have even
gone up to talk to buyers in the market about the units. So it’s going to be
our reputation at stake, we thought we had a successful transaction._ ”

They want Digiland to honour the deal or at least to compensate them.

Mr Tan said: “As long as we get out [_sic_] equitable compensation, we should
be able to accept lesser terms, but that’s just under consideration as well.”

[emphasis added]

79 The second, third and fifth plaintiffs tried their best to distance
themselves from the quotes attributed to them. As the reports contradict
portions of their present evidence, they have indirectly tried to cast doubt
on the accuracy of the reports in so far as the reports referred to them. I
found their attempts to play down the impact of the statements which they had,
to all intents and purposes, willingly and deliberately made earlier,
unconvincing. While it is possible that the reporters could have exercised
some latitude in penning the reports, they would in essence be conveying, at
the very least, summaries and impressions of their interviews with the second,
third and fifth plaintiffs. I am not prepared, after full consideration, to
assume that the reporters misquoted the facts. The plaintiffs could not
coherently explain why neither they nor their lawyers had not attempted to
correct the press reports at the material juncture. Most telling of all, I
note that the first to fifth plaintiffs exhibited identical reports in each of
their affidavits without any qualification whatsoever.

**Amendments after conclusion of submissions**

80 Upon the conclusion of submissions, I directed counsel to appear before me.
Two issues had arisen. The first issue dealt with references made by the
plaintiffs to certain embargoed material. This was summarily resolved. The
second issue was raised by me and touched upon contentions made by both
parties in their written submissions. While these contentions were well within
the scope of the evidence adduced and their respective lines of cross-
examination, they appeared to transgress their respective pleadings. I invited
both parties to indicate if they wished to amend their pleadings. Both parties
expressed that they wished to effect amendments to mirror evidence that had
been adduced in the proceedings. Neither party raised any objections.
Plaintiffs’ counsel indicated that they wanted to further particularise the
sixth plaintiff’s purchase orders. Defence counsel indicated that he wanted to
regularise the position on the agency relationship between third and sixth
plaintiffs which had been thrashed out during cross-examination; he also
wished to plead additional particulars of the respective plaintiffs’ actual
knowledge of or belief in a mistake having occurred, which had emerged both
before and during the hearing. I granted leave to both parties to file
applications to amend the pleadings.

81 Plaintiffs’ counsel thereafter responded somewhat curiously. They proceeded
to file their amendments to the statement of claim as if leave had already
been given. However, at the actual hearing of the applications, plaintiffs’
counsel opposed any amendments whatsoever to the defence and sought leave to
withdraw the plaintiffs’ earlier unilateral amendments. The reason for this
inconsistent conduct surfaced later.

82 The plaintiffs strenuously opposed the defendant’s amendments principally
on the ground it was made at a late juncture. Furthermore, they relied on a
passage from _Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_ (Sweet & Maxwell Asia, 2003) at
para 20/8/47 that asserts:

At the trial leave to amend particulars will as a rule be refused (_Moss v
Malings_ (1886) 83 Ch D 603).

83 The defendant maintained that there was no element of surprise and/or
prejudice arising from the amendments. The purpose of the amendments was
merely to regularise the pleadings and indeed they went no further than to
summarise evidence and submissions that had already been raised.

84 It is axiomatic that a court will generally be cautious if not reluctant to
effect any amendments once the hearing has commenced; even more so once the
evidential phase of the proceedings has been completed. Lord Griffiths in
_Ketteman v Hansel Properties Ltd_ [1987] AC 189 at 220 stated:

[T]o allow an amendment before a trial begins is quite different from allowing
it at the end of the trial to give an apparently unsuccessful defendant an
opportunity to renew the fight on an entirely different defence.

85 Having stated the general rule, it is imperative that the rationale
underlying this approach be understood. Rules of court which are meant to
facilitate the conduct of proceedings invariably encapsulate concepts of
procedural fairplay. They are not mechanical rules to be applied in a vacuum,
devoid of a contextual setting. Nor should parties regard pleadings as
assuming an amoeba-like nature, susceptible to constant reshaping. Rules and
case law pertaining to amendments are premised upon achieving even-handedness
in the context of an adversarial system by:

(a) ensuring that the parties apprise each other and the court of the
essential facts that they intend to rely on in addressing the issues in
controversy or dispute;

(b) requiring that an amendment should be attended to in the usual course of
events, at an early stage of the proceedings, to ensure that no surprise or
prejudice is inflicted on or caused to opposing parties;

(c) requiring careful consideration whether any amendments sought at a late
stage of the proceedings will cause any prejudice to the opposing party.
Prejudice is to be viewed broadly to encompass any injustice and embraces both
procedural and substantive notions;

(d) recognising that while a costs award against the party seeking late
amendments can frequently alleviate any inconvenience caused, this may not
always be appropriate;

(e) taking into account policy considerations that require finality in
proceedings and proper time management of the courts’ resources and
scheduling. From time to time there will be cases where this is an overriding
consideration.

In short, where does the justice reside? There is constant tension in our
legal system to accommodate the Janus-like considerations of fairness and
finality.

86 In cases where the facts raised in the proposed amendments have been
addressed during the evidence and submissions and, particularly, where the
opposing side has also had an opportunity to address the very same points,
there can hardly ever be any real prejudice. The pleadings, in such instances,
merely formalise what is already before the court. As a matter of fairness,
allowing amendments at a late stage should usually go hand in hand with
granting leave to the other party to adduce further evidence, if necessary.
Altogether different considerations may arise if a party, at a late stage,
seeks through an amendment to adduce further evidence to support that same
amendment. A court is not likely to take a sympathetic view of such manner of
amendment. The point is, there is a chasm between a clarification amendment
and a new or distinct issue being raised at a later stage.

87 It appeared to me that the extract from _Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_
relied on by the plaintiffs was blindly lifted from earlier editions of the
English White Book without any consideration as to how it dovetails with the
present procedural climate. It has been pithily said that the rules of
procedure should be viewed as a handmaiden and not a mistress, to be slavishly
followed. To assert that as a “rule”, leave to amend particulars will be
refused, is both illogical and incorrect. In principle, there is no difference
between amending particulars and amending say, a cause of action, defence or
any other part of substance in a pleading. The essential point remains: will
prejudice be caused and/or are any policy considerations called into play.
_The essence is not so much in the nature of the amendment but rather in the
consequences flowing from any amendment to the pleadings_. There is often, but
not inexorably, a co-relationship between the timing when the amendment is
sought and the adverse consequences for the other party. The later the
amendment, the greater the adverse consequences.

88 The fact that the amending party has been tardy or even negligent is a
factor that a court can (and in some egregious cases, should) take into
account but this is by no means a decisive factor (_cf Ketteman v Hansel
Properties_). The current general approach is correctly stated in Professor
Jeffrey Pinsler’s _Singapore Court Practice 2003_ (LexisNexis, 2003) at para
20/5/7:

An amendment may be allowed even after both parties have made their closing
submissions.

89 In the circumstances, I had little hesitation in allowing the amendments
sought by the defendant. There was no element of surprise or prejudice to the
plaintiffs as the points raised had already been developed by the defendant
and addressed by the plaintiffs. Leave was also given to the plaintiffs to
adduce further evidence, if they so desired. I must add that I did not really
think this was necessary and subsequent events confirmed my perception. It
became apparent that the plaintiffs’ misplaced reliance on the extract earlier
cited probably also explained their singularly odd conduct in applying for
amendments, only to withdraw their application later in attempting to deny the
defendant an opportunity to amend its pleadings. The plaintiffs are, however,
entitled to the cost of the amendments, in any event, which I fix at $1,000.
They are not entitled to the costs of the subsequent brief hearing, for
reasons I now deal with summarily.

90 After leave was granted to amend the defence, each of the plaintiffs filed
a further short affidavit refuting knowledge of the mistake relating to
pricing. In addition, Tan Cheng Peng, the girlfriend and business associate of
the third plaintiff, filed an affidavit detailing her communications with him.
The affidavits did not add anything new. If anything, certain portions of the
affidavits raised even more doubts about the plaintiffs’ credibility. The
plaintiffs and the defendant later reached an agreement to dispense with any
further oral evidence, save for that of Tan Cheng Peng. Her evidence was
inconsequential and did not assist the plaintiffs.

**Applicable legal principles**

**_Internet contracts_**

91 There is no real conundrum as to whether contractual principles apply to
Internet contracts. Basic principles of contract law continue to prevail in
contracts made on the Internet. However, not all principles will or can apply
in the same manner that they apply to traditional paper-based and oral
contracts. It is important not to force into a Procrustean bed principles that
have to be modified or discarded when considering novel aspects of the
Internet.

92 The Electronics Transaction Act (Cap 88, 1999 Rev Ed) (“ETA”) places
Internet contractual dealings on a firmer footing. The ETA is essentially
permissive. It does not purport to regulate e-commerce but attempts to
facilitate the usage of e-commerce by equating the position of electronic
records with that of written records, thus elevating the status of electronic
signatures to that of legal signatures. Section 11 of the ETA expressly
provides that offers and acceptances may be made electronically. Section 13 of
the ETA deems that a message by a party’s automated computer system originates
from the party itself. The law of agency and that pertaining to the formation
of contracts are expressly recognised in s 13(8) of the ETA as continuing to
apply to electronic transactions. This provision acknowledges that the
essential framework of an electronic contract needs to be considered in the
usual manner; in other words, principles of contract formation, consideration,
terms and conditions, choice of law and jurisdictional issues need to be
examined.

93 Website advertisement is in principle no different from a billboard outside
a shop or an advertisement in a newspaper or periodical. The reach of and
potential response(s) to such an advertisement are however radically
different. Placing an advertisement on the Internet is essentially advertising
or holding out to the world at large. A viewer from any part of the world may
want to enter into a contract to purchase a product as advertised. Websites
often provide a service where online purchases may be made. In effect the
Internet conveniently integrates into a single screen traditional advertising,
catalogues, shop displays/windows and physical shopping.

94 Historically, the common law has recognised an anomaly in the contractual
features pertaining to a display of goods for sale. The goods are not on offer
but are said to be an invitation to treat. The prospective buyer has to make
an offer to purchase which is then accepted by the merchant. While this is the
general principle for shop displays, it is open to a merchant to offer by way
of an advertisement the mechanics of a unilateral or bilateral contract. This
is essentially a matter of language and intention, objectively ascertained. As
with any normal contract, Internet merchants have to be cautious how they
present an advertisement, since this determines whether the advertisement will
be construed as an invitation to treat or a unilateral contract. Loose
language may result in inadvertently establishing contractual liability to a
much wider range of purchasers than resources permit.

95 The known availability of stock could be an important distinguishing factor
between a physical sale and an Internet transaction. In a physical sale, the
merchant can immediately turn down an offer to purchase a product that has
been advertised; otherwise he may be inundated with offers he cannot justify.
Indeed this appears to be the underlying rationale for the unique legal
characteristics attributed to an invitation to treat; see _Grainger & Son v
Gough_ [1896] AC 325 at 333–334 _, Esso Petroleum Ltd v Commissioners of
Customs & Excise_ [1976] 1 All ER 117 at 126. If stock of a product has been
exhausted, a prospective purchaser cannot sue for specific performance or
damages as he has merely made an offer that has not been accepted by the
merchant.

96 In an Internet sale, a prospective purchaser is not able to view the
physical stock available. The web merchant, unless he qualifies his offer
appropriately, by making it subject to the availability of stock or some other
condition precedent, could be seen as making an offer to sell an infinite
supply of goods. A prospective purchaser is entitled to rely on the terms of
the web advertisement. The law may not imply a condition precedent as to the
availability of stock simply to bail out an Internet merchant from a bad
bargain, _a fortiori_ in the sale of information and probably services, as the
same constraints as to availability and supply may not usually apply to such
sales. Theoretically the supply of information is limitless. It would be
illogical to have different approaches for different product sales over the
Internet. It is therefore incumbent on the web merchant to protect himself, as
he has both the means to do so and knowledge relating to the availability of
any product that is being marketed. As most web merchants have automated
software responses, they need to ensure that such automated responses
correctly reflect their intentions from an objective perspective. Errors may
incur wholly unexpected, and sometimes untoward, consequences as these
proceedings so amply demonstrate.

97 Different rules may apply to e-mail transactions and worldwide web
transactions. When considering the appropriate rule to apply, it stands to
reason that as between sender and receiver, the party who selects the means of
communication should bear the consequences of any unexpected events. An
e-mail, while bearing some similarity to a postal communication, is in some
aspects fundamentally different. Furthermore, unlike a fax or a telephone
call, it is not instantaneous. E-mails are processed through servers, routers
and Internet service providers. Different protocols may result in messages
arriving in an incomprehensible form. Arrival can also be immaterial unless a
recipient accesses the e-mail, but in this respect e-mail does not really
differ from mail that has to be opened. Certain Internet service providers
provide the technology to inform a sender that a message has not been properly
routed. Others do not.

98 Once an offer is sent over the Internet, the sender loses control over the
route and delivery time of the message. In that sense, it is akin to ordinary
posting. Notwithstanding some real differences with posting, it could be
argued cogently that the postal rule should apply to e-mail acceptances; in
other words, that the acceptance is made the instant the offer is sent. In
accordance with s 15(1) of the ETA, acceptance would be effective the moment
the offer enters that node of the network outside the control of the
originator. There are, however, other sound reasons to argue against such a
rule in favour of the recipient rule. It should be noted that while the common
law jurisdictions continue to wrestle over this vexed issue, most civil law
jurisdictions lean towards the recipient rule. In support of the latter it
might be argued that unlike a posting, e-mail communication takes place in a
relatively short time frame. The recipient rule is therefore more convenient
and relevant in the context of both instantaneous or near instantaneous
communications. Notwithstanding occasional failure, most e-mails arrive sooner
rather than later.

99 Like the somewhat arbitrary selection of the postal rule for ordinary mail,
in the ultimate analysis, a default rule should be implemented for certainty,
while accepting that such a rule should be applied flexibly to minimise
unjustness. In these proceedings, it appears that the purchases made by the
sixth plaintiff were not accompanied by a corresponding receipt of
acceptances, as his e-mail inbox was full. Notwithstanding, the defendant does
not take issue with this as the sixth plaintiff’s orders were received and the
appropriate automated responses generated. In light of this, the parties did
not address me on the issue of when the contract was formed, though this
appears to be a relevant issue depending on which rule is adopted. In the
absence of proper and full arguments on the issue of which rule is to be
preferred, I do not think it is appropriate for me to give any definitive
views in these proceedings on this very important issue. It can be noted,
however, that while s 15 of the ETA appears to be inclined in favour of the
receipt rule, commentaries indicate that it is not intended to affect
substantive law. It deals with the process rather than the substance of how to
divine the rule.

100 There is however another statute that ought to be taken into consideration
in determining the appropriate default rule in e-commerce transactions. The
Vienna Sales Convention (“the Convention”) applies in Singapore as a
consequence of the Sale of Goods (United Nations Convention) Act (Cap 283A,
1996 Rev Ed). Article 24 of the Convention states:

For the purposes of this Part of the Convention, an offer, declaration of
acceptance or any other indication of intention “reaches” the addressee when
it is made orally to him or delivered by any other means to him personally, to
his place of business or mailing address or, if he does not have a place of
business or mailing address, to his habitual residence.

It appears that in Convention transactions, the receipt rule applies unless
there is a contrary intention. Offer and acceptances have to “reach” an
intended recipient to be efective. It can be persuasively argued that e-mails
involving transactions embraced by the Convention are only effective on
reaching the recipient. If this rule applies to international sales, is it
sensible to have a different rule for domestic sales?

101 The applicable rules in relation to transactions over the worldwide web
appear to be clearer and less controversial. Transactions over websites are
almost invariably instantaneous and/or interactive. The sender will usually
receive a prompt response. The recipient rule appears to be the logical
default rule. Application of such a rule may however result in contracts being
formed outside the jurisdiction if not properly drafted. Web merchants ought
to ensure that they either contract out of the receipt rule or expressly
insert salient terms within the contract to deal with issues such as a choice
of law, jurisdiction and other essential terms relating to the passing of risk
and payment. Failure to do so could also result in calamitous repercussions.
Merchants may find their contracts formed in foreign jurisdictions and
therefore subject to foreign laws.

102 Inevitably mistakes will occur in the course of electronic transmissions.
This can result from human interphasing, machine error or a combination of
such factors. Examples of such mistakes would include (a) human error (b)
programming of software errors and (c) transmission problems in the
communication systems. Computer glitches can cause transmission failures,
garbled information or even change the nature of the information transmitted.
This case is a paradigm example of an error on the human side. Such errors can
be magnified almost instantaneously and may be harder to detect than if made
in a face to face transaction or through physical document exchanges. Who
bears the risk of such mistakes? It is axiomatic that normal contractual
principles apply but the contractual permutations will obviously be sometimes
more complex and spread over a greater magnitude of transactions. The
financial consequences could be considerable. The court has to be astute and
adopt a pragmatic and judicious stance in resolving such issues.

103 The amalgam of factors a court will have to consider in risk allocation
ought to include:

(a) the need to observe the principle of upholding rather than destroying
contracts,

(b) the need to facilitate the transacting of electronic commerce, and

(c) the need to reach commercially sensible solutions while respecting
traditional principles applicable to instances of genuine error or mistake.

It is essential that the law be perceived as embodying rationality and
fairness while respecting the commercial imperative of certainty.

**_Unilateral mistake_**

104 The creases over the theoretical approach to adopt in determining the
existence of contracts have for some time now been decisively ironed out in
favour of the objective theory. The most recent and authoritative
pronouncement in this area (_per_ Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers in _Shogun
Finance Ltd v Hudson_ [2003] 3 WLR 1371 at [123]) states:

A contract is normally concluded when an offer made by one party (“the
offeror”) is accepted by the party to whom the offer has been made (“the
offeree”). Normally the contract is only concluded when the acceptance is
communicated by the offeree to the offeror. A contract will not be concluded
unless the parties are agreed as to its material terms. There must be
“consensus ad idem”. Whether the parties have reached agreement on the terms
is not determined by evidence of the subjective intention of each party. It
is, in large measure, determined by making an objective appraisal of the
exchanges between the parties. If an offeree understands an offer in
accordance with its natural meaning and accepts it, the offeror cannot be
heard to say that he intended the words of his offer to have a different
meaning. The contract stands according to the natural meaning of the words
used. _There is one important exception to this principle. If the offeree
knows that the offeror does not intend the terms of the offer to be those that
the natural meaning of the words would suggest, he cannot, by purporting to
accept the offer, bind the offeror to a contract: Hartog v Colin & Shields_
[1939] 3 All ER 566; _Smith v Hughes_ (1871) LR 6 QB 597. _Thus the task of
ascertaining whether the parties have reached agreement as to the terms of a
contract can involve quite a complex amalgam of the objective and the
subjective and involve the application of a principle that bears close
comparison with the doctrine of estoppel_. Normally, however, the task
involves no more than an objective analysis of the words used by the parties.
The object of the exercise is to determine what each party _intended_ , or
must be deemed to have _intended_. [emphasis added]

In the Singapore context a similar approach has been adopted by the Court of
Appeal in _Aircharter World Pte Ltd v Kontena Nasional_ _Bhd_ [1999] 3 SLR 1
at [30] and [31], and _Projection Pte Ltd v The Tai Ping Insurance Co Ltd_
[2001] 2 SLR 399 at [15].

105 It is not only reasonable but right that the objective appearance of a
contract should not operate in favour of a party who is aware, in the eyes of
the law, of the true state of affairs when, for instance, there is real
misapprehension on the part of the mistaken party and when the actual reality
of the situation is starkly obvious. There cannot be any legitimate
expectation of enforcement on the part of the non-mistaken party seeking to
take advantage of appearances. Having said that, this exception must always be
prudently invoked and judiciously applied; the exiguous scope of this
exception is necessary to give the commercial community confidence that
commercial transactions will almost invariably be honoured when all the
objective contractual indicia are satisfied. The very foundations of
predictability, certainty and efficacy, underpinning contractual dealings,
will be undermined if the law and/or equity expands the scope of the mistake
exception with alacrity or uncertainty. The rigour in limiting this scope is
also critical to protect innocent third party rights that may have been
acquired directly or indirectly. Certainty in commercial transactions should
not be trifled with, as this will inevitably affect how commercial and
business exchanges are respected and effected. The quintessential approach of
the law is to _preserve_ rather than to _undermine_ contracts. Palm tree
justice will only serve to inject uncertainty into the law. In light of these
general observations, I now address the law on unilateral mistake.

106 In the Singapore context, the first port of call when confronted with
issues of contract law is inevitably Professor Andrew Phang’s treatise on
_Cheshire, Fifoot and Furmston’s Law of Contract_ (2nd Singapore and Malaysian
Ed, 1998). He classifies mistake in the following manner at 386:

If attention is fixed merely on the factual situations, there are three
possible types of mistake: common, mutual and unilateral.

In common mistake, both parties make the same mistake. …

In mutual mistake, the parties misunderstand each other and are at cross-
purposes. …

In unilateral mistake, only one of the parties is mistaken. The other knows,
or must be taken to know, of his mistake. …

When, however, the cases provoked by these factual situations are analysed,
they will be seen to fall, not into three, but only two distinct legal
categories. Has an agreement been reached or not? Where common mistake is
pleaded, the presence of agreement is admitted. The rules of offer and
acceptance are satisfied and the parties are of one mind. What is urged is
that, owing to a common error as to some fundamental fact, the agreement is
robbed of all efficacy. _Where either mutual or unilateral mistake is pleaded,
the very existence of agreement is denied_. The argument is that, despite
appearances, there is no real correspondence of offer and acceptance and that
therefore the transaction _must necessarily be void_.

[emphasis added]

107 As the law now stands, mistakes that are not fundamental or which do not
relate to an essential term do not vitiate consent. Mistakes that negative
consent do not inexorably result in contracts being declared void. In some
unusual circumstances where a unilateral mistake exists, the law can find a
contract on terms intended by the mistaken party.

_Must the unilateral mistake be known?_

108 _Chitty on Contracts_ (28th Ed, 1999) vol 1 observes at para 5-035:

It is not clear whether for the mistake to be operative it must actually be
known to the other party, or whether it is enough that it ought to have been
apparent to any reasonable man. In Canada, the latter suffices.

109 This cautious statement by _Chitty_ needs to be carefully reconsidered in
the context of recent developments in this area of law. A steady stream of
decisions from common law courts indicate a measured but nevertheless
distinctly incremental willingness to extend the scope of the exception to not
just actual knowledge, but deemed or constructive knowledge as well.

110 In _OT Africa Line Ltd v Vickers Plc_ [1996] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 700 at 703,
Mance J held that the objective theory ought not to apply if a party had
knowledge that a mistake had occurred:

The question is what is capable of displacing that apparent agreement. The
answer on the authorities is a mistake by one party of which the other _knew
or ought reasonably to have known_. I accept that this is capable of including
circumstances in which a person refrains from or simply fails to make
enquiries for which the situation reasonably calls and which would have led to
discovery of the mistake. But there would have, at least, to be some real
reason to suppose the existence of a mistake before it could be incumbent on
one party … to question whether another party ... meant what he or she said.
[emphasis added]

111 This approach appears to have been endorsed by Judith Prakash J in _Ho
Seng Lee Construction Pte Ltd v Nian Chuan Construction Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR
407 at [84] where it was also accepted that:

The test is an objective one based on what a reasonable person would have
known in similar circumstances.

She opined that situations where unilateral mistake had been considered were
those involving “fraud or a very high degree of misconduct”. I agree that this
exception should be kept within a very narrow compass. I would not however
invariably equate the required conduct with fraud. To confine this exception
to instances of fraud would make the concept of unilateral mistake redundant.
Unlike instances of fraud, where it is said fraud unravels the existing
contract, in instances of unilateral mistake, the very existence of the
contract is negatived – there is no consensus. The essence of unilateral
mistake is the knowledge or deemed knowledge of a mistake and though fraud may
often be present it is not an essential ingredient. There are many different
shades of sharp practice or impropriety.

112 Phang ([106] _supra_ , at 418) rightly observes:

It must be stressed that, in this context, a man is taken to have known what
would have been obvious to a reasonable person in the light of the surrounding
circumstances.

The same view is echoed in _Halsbury’s Laws of Singapore_ vol 7 (Butterworths
Asia, 2000) at [80.164]. The non-mistaken party’s appreciation that there is
no real offer on the contract’s literal terms undermines the basis of the
objective theory and necessarily imports the lack of subjective intention on
the part of the mistaken party.

113 The English Court of Appeal in _Commission for the New Towns v Cooper
(Great Britain) Ltd_ [1995] Ch 259, a case of common mistake, imported the
concept of Nelsonian knowledge and applied the framework of various categories
of knowledge outlined by Peter Gibson J in _Baden v Societe Generale_ _pour
Favoriser le Developpement du Commerce et de l’Industrie en France SA_ [1993]
1 WLR 509. While this case needs to be treated with some caution, as it
appears to integrate concepts of law and equity, I respectfully agree with the
approach in so far as it deals with deemed knowledge. It stands to reason that
if a party shuts its eyes to the obvious, the party is being neither honest
nor reasonable, and ought to be affixed with knowledge. It would be fair to
say that such a person should not have any legitimate expectation that the
contract in question will be either respected or sanctioned by court.

114 For good measure, I should allude that the plaintiffs in their written
submissions concede that “in order to establish that mistake is operative at
common law, the defendant has to show in this instant case that the plaintiffs
each had _actual or constructive_ knowledge of the mistaken pricing”.

_The “snapping up” cases_

115 There is a distinct line of cases within the narrow confines of unilateral
mistake where the common law has been resolutely disinclined to enforce
apparent contracts. The case of _Hartog v Colin & Shields_ [1939] 3 All ER 566
is incontrovertibly the leading authority in this area. The defendants wanted
to sell some hare skins to the plaintiffs. Unfortunately, they mistakenly
offered the price at so much per pound in place of so much per piece. All
previous discussions and negotiations between the parties proceeded on the
basis of the price being fixed at so much per piece. This was also the
practice in the trade. It was found that the plaintiffs must have known or
realised that the offer did not express the true intention of the defendants.
The contract was held to be void because there was no consensus on the terms.
Singleton J held at 568:

The offer was wrongly expressed, and the defendants by their evidence, and by
the correspondence, have satisfied me that the plaintiff _could not reasonably
have supposed that that offer contained the offerer’s real intention_. Indeed,
I am satisfied to the contrary. [emphasis added]

116 The term “snapping up” was aptly coined by James LJ in _Tamplin v James_
(1880) 15 Ch D 215 at 221. The essence of “snapping up” lies in taking
advantage of a known or perceived error in circumstances which ineluctably
suggest knowledge of the error. A typical but not essential defining
characteristic of conduct of this nature is the haste or urgency with which
the non-mistaken party seeks to conclude a contract; the haste is induced by a
latent anxiety that the mistaken party may learn of the error and as a result
correct the error or change its mind about entering into the contract. Such
conduct is akin to that of an unscrupulous commercial predator seeking to take
advantage of an error by an unsuspecting prey by pouncing upon it before the
latter has an opportunity to react or raise a shield of defence. Typical
transactions are usually but not invariably characterised by (a) indecent
alacrity; and (b) behaviour that any fair-minded commercial person similarly
circumstanced would regard as a patent affront to commercial fairplay or
morality.

117 It should be emphasised that this stream of authority is consistently
recognised by all the major common law jurisdictions. Despite the general
views expressed in _Taylor v Johnson_ (1983) 151 CLR 422 on equitable mistake,
it seems to be generally accepted in Australia as well, that this class of
cases requires special mention and consideration. I drew counsel’s attention
to _Halsbury’s Laws of Australia_ (Butterworths, 1992), vol 6 at para 110-5550
which states:

A particular class of case which illustrates unilateral mistake as to the
terms intended, known to the other party, is that in which an offer which
would be very advantageous to the offeree is “snapped up” by the offeree. The
terms of the offer are clear and unambiguous and the offeree accepts the offer
according to its true sense, _but it must have been obvious (and known by the
offeree) that the offeror did not intend to make an offer in those terms._

Although a mistaken party will not often be able to discharge the onus of
showing that the other party _knew or must have known_ that he or she intended
terms different from the terms of the offer or acceptance, it is not a
necessary element that the party seeking to enforce the contract has actively
contributed to the other’s mistake. The knowledge that the offer is not meant
according to its literal terms simply displaces the objective theory of
contract.

[emphasis added]

118 The Canadian courts have been the most active common law courts
explicating and developing this area of the law. In doing so, they appear to
have also conflated equitable and common law concepts. They have taken into
account both the English and Australian authorities in distilling the
jurisprudence in this area. The decision of the British Columbia Court of
Appeal in _25659 BC Ltd v 456795 BC Ltd_ (1999) 171 DLR (4th) 470 at [25] to
[26], is instructive:

25 The law of mistake was discussed in depth by McLachlin CJBC in _First City
Capital Ltd v BC Building Corp_ (1989), 43 BLR 29 (SC). After referring to a
series of leading cases, including the often quoted decision of Thomson J in
_McMaster University v Wilchar Construction Ltd_ (1971), 22 DLR (3d) 9 (Ont
HCJ), Chief Justice McLachlin said at p 37:

One circumstance falling clearly within the equitable jurisdiction of the
Court to relieve against mistake is that where one party, knowing of the
other’s mistake as to the terms of an offer, remains silent and concludes a
contract on the mistaken terms: _Solle, supra; Belle River Community Arena v
WJC Kaufman Co_ (1978), 20 OR (2d) 447, 4 BLR 231, 87 DLR (3d) 761 (CA). A
party may not “snap at” an obviously mistaken offer: _McMaster_.

It is not necessary to prove actual knowledge on the part of the non-mistaken
party in order to ground relief, as **_in this context one is taken to have
known what would have been obvious to a reasonable person in the light of the
surrounding circumstances_** : _Hartog v Colin and Shields_ [1939] All ER 566
(KBD); _McMaster University; Stepps Investments,_ supra _; Taylor,_ supra.

…

_In summary therefore, the equitable jurisdiction of the Courts to relieve
against mistake in contract comprehends situations where one party, who knows
or ought to know of another’s mistake in a fundamental term, remains silent
and snaps at the offer, seeking to take advantage of the other’s mistake. In
such cases, it would be unconscionable to enforce the bargain and equity will
set aside the contract_.

26 … I respectfully agree with the reasoning of Shaw J in _Can-Dive Services
Ltd v Pacific Coast Energy Corp_ (1995), 21 CLR (2d) 39 (BCSC), where he said
at 69-70 that:

While I agree with what Madam Justice Mclachlin said so far as it goes, I do
not believe she intended to imply that there must be a conscious taking
advantage by one party of the other in all cases. The element of constructive
knowledge based upon what a reasonable person “ought to know” is premised upon
that person not being conscious of the error. Thus, _while the idea of
“snapping up” may well apply in cases one side is aware of the other side’s
error, I do not think it can be applied literally in the constructive
knowledge cases._ **_Rather, in my opinion, constructive knowledge alone will
suffice to invoke equity’s conscience_**.

[emphasis added in bold italics]

119 It is apparent from this overview that the Canadian courts have integrated
through their equitable jurisdiction the concept of common law mistake within
the rubric of unconscionability. This gives their courts a broad and elastic
jurisdiction to deal with commercially inappropriate behaviour. The leading
Canadian decision in this area is the case of _McMaster University v Wilchar
Construction Ltd_ (1971) 22 DLR (3d) 9 which, incidentally, was cited with
approval by the Australian High Court in _Taylor v Johnson_. Thompson J of the
Ontario High Court applied _Hartog v Colin & Shields_ ([115] _supra_) and held
that the parties were not _ad idem_ and found that no contract had been
formed.

120 The widening of jurisdiction to embrace a broad equitable jurisdiction
could well encourage litigious behaviour and promote uncertainty. This could
account for the substantial number of Canadian cases in this area of the law.
This is in contrast to the English position where after several decades
_Hartog v Colin & Shields_ still remains the _locus classicus_. There are
persuasive arguments against extending the litmus test of unconscionability to
all mistake-type situations. First, it is clear that the line of Australian
and Canadian cases have broadened their equitable jurisdiction on the strength
of _dicta_ attributable principally to Lord Denning. It has been pointed out
that the pedigree of these decisions is dubious, to say the least (see [128]
and [129] _infra_). Secondly, widening the scope of mistake, unilateral or
otherwise, under the rubric of equitable mistake will, with its malleability,
only encourage uncertainty and litigation. It is germane to observe that none
of the cases purporting to follow _Solle v Butcher_ [1950] 1 KB 671 have with
any degree of clarity defined the parameters of equitable mistake in
contradistinction to a common law mistake.

_Relationship between law and equity_

121 While my views here are not central to my decision, the plaintiffs have
adverted to this relationship in a misguided attempt to derail the defence on
an arid pleading technicality. It is asserted that since mistake had not been
pleaded as an equitable defence, equity cannot be invoked by the defendant. As
for the common law on unilateral mistake, it is claimed that the acid test for
its application is not satisfied.

122 For now it appears that a mistaken party can have two bites at the cherry.
The bites, however, may taste quite different and cause different sensations.
There are in this connection two schools of thought.

123 One view maintains that the mistaken party can either attempt to have the
contract declared void at common law if the mistake is fundamental or radical,
or alternatively seek a remedy in equity, which could include rescission. It
is postulated by many of the leading treatises that equity has a broad church
incorporating a more elastic approach and a court of equity may rescind a
contract, award damages or, in limited circumstances, fashion a remedy, to
suit the justice of the matter.

124 A number of decisions over the last five decades emanating from several
common law jurisdictions even go so far as to suggest that with the
integration of the courts of common law and equity, equitable principles now
hold sway and that earlier common law decisions need reinterpretation. At the
very least, it has been forcefully asserted that even when a mistake does not
result in “voiding” a contract through the application of common law
principles, there remains an independent doctrine of mistake founded in equity
which justifies judicial intervention. This view seems to suggest that
principles of equity invariably provide an equally strong but more elastic
second string to the bow.

125 The principal source of this view has been Lord Denning MR. He seemed to
suggest that in a number of cases going as far back as _Cundy v Lindsay_
(1878) 3 App Cas 459, the contracts in issue therein should be treated as only
being voidable in equity: see _Solle v Butcher_ at 692, _Lewis v Averay_
[1972] 1 QB 198 at 207 and _dicta_ in _Magee v Pennine Insurance Co Ltd_
[1969] 2 QB 507 at 514 where he opined that:

A common mistake, even on a most fundamental matter, does not make a contract
void at law: but it makes it voidable in equity.

He somewhat muddied the authority of his observations by apparently accepting
in _Gallie v Lee_ [1969] 2 Ch 17 at 33 (affirmed on appeal in _Saunders v
Anglia Building Society_ [1971] AC 1004) that in _Cundy v Lindsay_ there was
no contract at all. In _Associated Japanese Bank (International) Ltd v Credit
du Nord SA_ [1989] 1 WLR 255 at 266, Lord Denning MR’s views were doubted and
described as reflecting “an individual opinion” by Steyn J (as he then was).

126 The Australian courts appear to have relied on the views of Lord Denning
MR in _Solle v Butcher_ to establish a wholly different doctrinal approach to
mistake and have purportedly applied a fused concept of law and equity to the
law on mistake. The High Court of Australia in _Taylor v Johnson_ purportedly
relied on _Solle v Butcher_ , _Bell v Lever Brothers, Limited_ [1932] AC 161
_, McRae v Commonwealth Disposals Commission_ (1951) 84 CLR 377, all cases of
common mistake, to suggest that in unilateral mistake a contracting party
cannot assert, by relying on his own mistake, that a contract is void,
notwithstanding the issue is fundamental or known to the other side. It
appears to suggest that even if an offer is “snapped up”, the contract is not
void. Put another way, that decision seems to indicate that the effect of a
unilateral mistake is only to render a contract unenforceable rather than
void. I note that _Chitty_ at para 5-089, fn 25 sagely opines that _Taylor v
Johnson_ does not represent English law, at least, where the other party knows
that a mistake has been made.

127 The attempt to conflate the concept of common law mistake and the
equitable jurisdiction over mistake is understandable but highly
controversial. The other school of thought views the approach outlined earlier
with considerable scepticism. It takes the view that there is no jurisdiction
in equity to rescind a contract that is valid at common law, on the basis of
mistake. Slade, in a well reasoned article written not long after _Solle v
Butcher_ was decided, asserted:

In general, it is submitted that there are no cases which support the
proposition that in cases of unilateral mistake, V [the enforcing party] may
obtain this relief where the contract is not void at law and there has been no
misrepresentation. The most that the court can do in these circumstances is to
refuse E [the other party, who wants the contract held void] specific
performance, which lies in the discretion of the court and will probably be
refused where E has been guilty of some degree of sharp practice. Once again,
however, this does not deprive E of his legal remedies; nor does it avail V if
he wishes to recover property which he may have transferred under the
contract.

[“The Myth of Mistake in the English Law of Contract” (1954) 70 LQR 385 at
396].

128 The most significant judicial pronouncement supporting this view emanates
from the recent English Court of Appeal in _Great Peace Shipping Ltd v
Tsavliris Salvage (International) Ltd_ [2003] QB 679, a case of common
mistake. Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers MR observed in a withering analysis
at [156], [157], [160] and [161]:

Thus the premise of the equity’s intrusion into the effects of the common law
is that the common law rule in question is seen in the particular case to work
injustice, and for some reason the common law cannot cure itself. But it is
difficult to see how that can apply here. Cases of fraud and
misrepresentation, and undue influence, are all catered for under other
existing and uncontentious equitable rules. We are _only_ concerned with the
question whether relief might be given for common mistake in circumstances
wider than those stipulated in _Bell v Lever Bros Ltd_ [1932] AC 161. But
that, surely, is a question as to where the common law should draw the line;
not whether, given the common law rule, it needs to be mitigated by
application of some other doctrine. _The common law has drawn the line in Bell
v Lever Bros Ltd. The effect of Solle v Butcher[1950] 1 KB 671 is not to
supplement or mitigate the common law: it is to say that Bell v Lever Bros Ltd
was wrongly decided._

Our conclusion is that it is impossible to reconcile _Solle v Butcher_ with
_Bell v Lever Bros Ltd_. The jurisdiction asserted in the former case has not
developed. It has been a fertile source of academic debate, but in practice it
has given rise to a handful of cases that have merely emphasised the confusion
of this area of our jurisprudence. … If coherence is to be restored to this
area of our law, it can only be by declaring that there is no jurisdiction to
grant rescission of a contract on the ground of common mistake where that
contract is valid and enforceable on ordinary principles of contract law.

… In this case we have heard full argument, which has provided what we believe
has been the first opportunity in this court for a full and mature
consideration of the relation between _Bell v Lever Bros Ltd_ [1932] AC 161
and _Solle v Butcher._ In the light of that consideration we can see no way
that _Solle v Butcher_ can stand with _Bell v Lever Bros Ltd_. In these
circumstances we can see no option but so to hold.

We can understand why the decision in _Bell v Lever Bros Ltd_ did not find
favour with Lord Denning MR. An equitable jurisdiction to grant rescission on
terms where a common fundamental mistake has induced a contract gives greater
flexibility than a doctrine of common law which holds the contract void in
such circumstances. Just as the Law Reform (Frustrated Contracts) Act 1943 was
needed to temper the effect of the common law doctrine of frustration, so
there is scope for legislation to give greater flexibility to our law of
mistake than the common law allows.

[emphasis added]

129 The careful analysis of case law undertaken by that court yields a cogent
and forceful argument that Lord Denning MR was plainly attempting to side-step
_Bell v Lever_ in a naked attempt to achieve equitable justice in the face of
the poverty of the common law. This has clearly caused much confusion in the
common law jurisdictions. The price for equitable justice is uncertainty. This
may be too high a price to pay in this area of the law. I note that there have
been powerful arguments made to the contrary. Phang, “Controversy in Common
Mistake” [2003] Conv 247; Reynolds, “Reconsider the Contract Textbooks” (2003)
119 LQR 177. This is to be contrasted with: Hare, “Inequitable Mistake” (2003)
62 CLJ 29, Chandler _et al_ , “Common Mistake: Theoretical Justification and
Remedial Inflexibility” [2004] JBL 34.

130 It can be persuasively argued that given (a) the historical pedigree of
the cases, (b) the dictates of certainty and predictability in the business
community and (c) the general acceptance of the existence of distinct common
law rules, it is preferable not to conflate these concepts. There is however
much to be said in favour of rationalising the law of mistake under a single
doctrine incorporating the best elements of common law and equity. Inflexible
and mechanical rules lead to injustice. The Canadian and Australian cases have
moved along with the eddies of unconscionability. Having noted all this, I am
nevertheless inclined towards the views expressed in the _Great Peace_
_Shipping_ case for the reasons articulated by Lord Phillips MR. This is an
area that needs to be rationalised in a coherent and structured manner.
Established common law principles, in the arena of mistake, ought not be
trifled with unless they are so obviously anachronistic and ill-suited to
commercial and legal pragmatism. This is a matter perhaps best left to law
reform rather than to incremental judge-made law which may sow the seeds of
confusion and harvest the returns of uncertainty. In New Zealand, the
legislature enacted the Contractual Mistake Act 1977. This rationalised the
law and gives the court a broad discretion to fashion the applicable relief.

131 In a number of cases, including the present, it may not really matter
which view is preferred. The issue could be critical where third party rights
are in issue as in _Shogun_. If the common law continues to take precedence,
then an essential mistake would void a contract _ab initio_. No rights can
pass to third parties.

132 It can be seen from this brief excursus into the law of mistake that this
is an abstruse area. Decisions cannot be reconciled and expressions,
terminology and phraseology in different decisions mean different things to
different courts and even judges within the same judicial systems. The law of
mistake has generated its own genre of mistakes and obfuscation. One reason
for this is the eternal tension faced by courts and judges alike in seeking a
just equilibrium between commercial certainty and justice in a particular
case.

133 It is however clear that the law should not take cognisance of bad
bargains and misapprehension that do not affect a fundamental or essential
aspect of a contractual relationship. Not all one-sided transactions or
bargains are improper. Often the essence of good business is the use of
superior knowledge. _Caveat emptor_ remains a cornerstone of the law of
contract and business relationships.

**Findings**

134 It is not really in issue that contracts can be effectively concluded over
the Internet and that programmed computers sending out automated responses can
bind the sender. The elements of an offer and acceptance are _ex facie_
satisfied in every transaction asserted in the plaintiffs’ claims. It cannot
also be seriously argued that there was no intention to enter into a legal
relationship. The defendant even had its terms and conditions posted on its
website. Adopting an objective standard, executory contracts have in fact been
entered into and concluded between the parties.

135 The defendant however asserts that there were no concluded contracts with
any of the plaintiffs on a number of grounds. It appears that it wanted to
leave no stone unturned and had therefore mounted a root and branch attack on
the plaintiffs’ claims. Before dealing with the point of real substance, it is
appropriate to briefly deal with two of the less meritorious contentions
advanced. Both parties displayed a considerable amount of imagination in
dealing with them.

136 First, it was suggested that no contracts had been formed as all the
contracts “were subject to availability” and that a failure to adhere to the
directive “call to enquire” prevented the contracts from coming into
existence. In its pleaded case, the defendant asserts that the automated
e-mail responses it sent out in the early hours of 13 January 2003 did not
confirm that stock of the laser printers were available and would be
delivered. The phrase “call to enquire”, it is contended, was in effect a
condition precedent. This is without basis. The e-mails had all the
characteristics of an unequivocal acceptance. The caption in each of the
e-mails “Successful Purchase Confirmation from HP online” says it all. The
text of the e-mail further reinforces the point. Delivery was merely a timing
issue. The fact that the acceptance was automatically generated by a computer
software cannot in any manner exonerate the defendant from responsibility. It
was the defendant’s computer system. The defendant programmed the software.

137 Furthermore, from the evidence adduced, it became clear that the defendant
had intentionally put the words “call to enquire” instead of, say, the phrase
“subject to stock availability” in an attempt to entice would-be purchasers to
place orders with them. It had consciously not inserted any limits to the
number of products a buyer could purchase again, quite clearly, to solicit
more business. The notation in the “checkout-order confirmation” further
confirmed that the defendant’s concern was with the delivery time rather than
with qualifying its obligation by reference to stock availability as a
condition precedent. Evidence was given that if phone calls were indeed
placed, they would from time to time limit the number of sales. However, if
the defendant did not have stock, it would immediately call the supplier and
procure the products for the end-user.

138 Effectively, the defendant was attempting in this contention to assert
that it could have its cake and eat it as well. This cannot be right. It is
plain that the defendant had given careful consideration to this issue and was
prepared to contract on the basis that it would be able to comply with any
orders – hence, there was no reference to any order being subject to stock
availability. On any objective construction, the presumed intention must be
that in the context of its confirmatory content, the words “call to enquire”
in the availability portion of the contract related to the timing of the
delivery rather than being subject to physical availability of the laser
printer or stock.

139 Next, the defendant contends that no consideration passed from the
plaintiffs to them. The credit card payments had not been processed. No cash
had been collected. Consideration was less than executory and non-existent.
This contention is wholly untenable. The modern approach in contract law
requires very little to find the existence of consideration. Indeed, in
difficult cases, the courts in several common law jurisdictions have gone to
extraordinary lengths to conjure up consideration. (See for example the
approach in _Williams v Roffey Bros_ _& Nicholls (Contractors) Ltd_ [1990] 1
All ER 512.) No modern authority was cited to me suggesting an intended
_commercial transaction of this nature_ could ever fail for want of
consideration. Indeed, the time may have come for the common law to shed the
pretence of searching for consideration to uphold commercial contracts. The
marrow of contractual relationships should be the parties’ intention to create
a legal relationship. Having expressed my views on consideration, I should
also add for good measure that, in any event, there is ample consideration.
There was a promise to pay made by the plaintiffs in exchange for the delivery
of the requisite laser printers. Mutual promises, by all accounts, on the
basis of existing case law, more than amply constitute consideration.

140 The defendant has however properly asserted that there was a unilateral
mistake that vitiated all the “contracts”. I have found that the plaintiffs
had at all material times knowledge of or, at the very least, a real belief
that an error had been made by the defendant in the price posting. The
plaintiffs were not being candid when they portrayed very limited exchanges
between themselves, dealing allegedly with only the profits to be made and
their ability to resell the laser printers. I categorically reject their
evidence in so far as it attempts to hermetically compartmentalise their
knowledge and discussions.

141 In so far as the sixth plaintiff is concerned, I emphasise that his
knowledge and/or conduct of should be equated with that of the third
plaintiff. He had left everything to his brother. Despite their familial
relationship, the legal relationship between the two of them was that of agent
and principal. The sixth plaintiff is precluded from asserting his ignorance.

142 The plaintiffs were bound by personal relationships as well as past and
present common commercial interests. They are all well-educated professionals
– articulate, entrepreneurial and, quite bluntly, streetwise and savvy
individuals. After hearing their evidence, observing them and considering the
submissions made on their behalf, there was no doubt in my mind that they were
fully conscious that an unfortunate and egregious mistake had indeed been made
by the defendant. By their own admission, they made Internet searches through
various search engines to ascertain the profits they could make. While they
did not invariably admit that their searches were made prior to each of the
respective transactions, it was plain that they did not tell the whole truth
about _what they knew, how they knew it and when they knew it_. How could one
seek to calculate the profit margin before finding out the true market price
of the laser printer? Their reference to arbitraging was a nebulous fig leaf
designed to legitimise their conduct in a cloak of legal and commercial
respectability.

143 The stark gaping difference between the price posting and the market price
of the laser printer would have made it obvious to any objective person that
something was seriously amiss. Alarm bells would have sounded immediately. One
is hard put to imagine that anyone would purchase such an item, let alone
place very substantial orders, without making some very basic enquiries as to
pricing. In the context of its true market value the absurd price of $66 was
almost the commercial equivalent of virtually giving away the laser printers.
I must add that these were far from being ordinary printers for home use. They
were high-end commercial laser printers. Some of the plaintiffs appeared
rather coy or ignorant in this regard but I did not find their performance
believable. The unusual product description of “55” which the fourth plaintiff
alone reluctantly acknowledged as “weird” and “unusual” would have been a red
light signal that an error had occurred. It is significant that some of the
plaintiffs had never made any prior Internet purchases before that eventful
morning. Certainly, none of them had ever been induced to conduct transactions
on such a scale on the Internet for any product, let alone sophisticated
commercial laser printers.

144 I find, in the alternative, that the plaintiffs, given each of their
backgrounds, would in any event, each have separately realised and
appreciated, before placing their purchase orders, that a manifest mistake had
occurred – even if no communications on the error had taken place between
them. Further, the character of the mistake was such that any reasonable
person similarly circumstanced as each of the plaintiffs would have had every
reason to believe that a manifest error had occurred. The amounts ordered and
the hurried and hasty manner in which the orders were executed are of cardinal
importance. As the Channel NewsAsia report so succinctly summarised – they saw
a “great opportunity” and “grabbed” it.

145 If the price of a product _is so absurdly low_ in relation to its known
market value, it stands to reason that a reasonable man would harbour a real
suspicion that the price may not be correct or that there may be some
troubling underlying basis for such a pricing. He would make some basic
enquiries to ascertain whether there is anything faulty with the product in an
attempt to seek an explanation for or understanding of the basis for the price
discrepancy; he might alternatively try and ascertain whether perhaps the
price differential is part of some spectacular promotional exercise. If there
appears to be no reasonable explanation for an absurd price discrepancy, it is
axiomatic that any hasty conduct, such as the plaintiffs’, in “snapping up”
products, should be punctiliously scrutinised and dissected. What amounts to
“snapping up” is a question of degree that will incorporate a spectrum of
contextual factors: what is objectively and subjectively known, the magnitude
of the transaction(s), the circumstances in which the orders are placed and
whether any unusual factors are apparent.

146 A purchaser in a case of “apparent” unilateral mistake, who purchases for
genuine own use a product, may not always be viewed as guilty of engaging in
“snapping up”. There could be different considerations. It can however be
observed that in “mass mistake” cases, even when there is no direct evidence
as in these proceedings, the court could be prepared to pragmatically assume
actual or deemed knowledge of the manifest mistake. In such cases, where the
purchaser has readily accessible means from the very same computer screen, to
ascertain through a simple search whether a mistake has taken place, the onus
could be upon him to exonerate himself of imputed knowledge of the mistake.
Alternatively, knowledge may be readily inferred from what would be regarded
as commonly known or notorious facts in the context of the transaction. The
law ought to take a practical approach in dealing with such cases if it
appears that by exercising reasonable care the true facts ought to be known.
It may be impractical and unjust to demand that the mistaken party actually
prove the knowledge of a substantial number of people who effect numerous
purchases. The mere fact that they suddenly engage in predatory and atypical
behaviour may in itself be telling.

147 It is improper for a party who knows, believes or ought, objectively
speaking, to have known of a manifest error to seek commercial benefit from
such an error. It is unequivocally unethical conduct tantamount to sharp
practice.

148 The circumstances under which the orders were placed and the quantities
sought to be purchased wholly undermine counsel’s variegated contentions that
the plaintiffs lacked knowledge of or belief in the existence of a mistake.
There is no doubt that the plaintiffs acted with indecent haste in the dead of
the night in placing as many orders as each of them felt their financial
resources credibly permitted them to do. They were clearly anxious to place
their orders before the defendant took steps to correct the error. Hence the
first plaintiff’s cryptically worded but highly significant mass e-mail where
he adverted to the fact that he did not know if the defendant would honour the
contracts but in any event wished all the recipients “good luck”.

149 It is clear from the authorities reviewed that such a contract, if entered
into by a party with actual or presumed knowledge of an error, is void from
the outset. It is not in dispute that the defendant made a genuine error. The
fact that it may have been negligent is not a relevant factor in these
proceedings. Mistakes are usually synonymous with the existence of
carelessness on the part of the mistaken party. While commercial entities
ought not to be given a licence to relax their vigilance, the policy
considerations in refusing to enforce mistaken agreements militate against
attaching undue weight to the carelessness involved in spawning the mistake.
The rationale for this is that a court will not sanction a contract where
there is no _consensus ad idem_ and furthermore it will not allow, as in the
case of unilateral mistake, a non-mistaken party to take advantage of an error
which he is or ought to be conscious of. These considerations take precedence
over the culpability associated with causing the mistake. There is therefore
no pre-condition in law for a mistaken party to show an absence of
carelessness to avail himself of this defence; the law precludes a person from
seeking to gain an advantage improperly in such circumstances.

150 The plaintiffs have contended that this court ought to follow the decision
in _Taylor v Johnson_ and hold that the contract is not void under common law
but voidable only in equity. They then argue that as equitable defences have
not been pleaded, the court has no alternative but to allow the claim. There
is no merit at all in this contention. The defendant was entitled to stake its
entire defence on the basis of common law, though it would have been prudent
_ex abundanti cautela_ to have asserted the equitable position in the
alternative. In the eyes of Singapore law, purported contracts entered into in
similar circumstances are void _ab initio_. Even if it were to be held that
there is now a general test of unconscionability applicable to all types of
mistake, the plaintiffs’ contentions will not take them far. A court will not
enforce the plaintiffs’ purported contracts even if they are not void. They
are tainted and unenforceable. The defendant has expressly pleaded unilateral
mistake. That is sufficient in these circumstances.

**Conclusion**

151 The claims by the plaintiffs are audacious, opportunistic and contrived.
There is no larger noble principle, such as the sanctity of contracts, to be
observed or protected in these proceedings. The plaintiffs also assert in
their submissions that if contracts are “only upheld if parties acted
honourably there would be very few contracts left standing in the commercial
world”. This is a disingenuous contention that desperately attempts to
palliate their conduct in the subject transactions. This is not a case about
bargain hunting – which is a time honoured and perfectly legitimate pursuit.
This is a case about predatory pack hunting. In the context of the present
proceedings, the extra-judicial observations of Lord Steyn in “Contract Law:
Fulfilling the Reasonable Expectations of Honest Men” (1997) 113 LQR 433 at
433 are particularly apposite:

A thread runs through our contract law that effect must be given to
_reasonable_ expectations of _honest_ men. Sometimes this is made explicit by
judges; more often it is the implied basis of the court’s decision. … It is an
important subject for the future development of English contract law.

152 This view has also found support in the Singapore context. Yong Pung How
CJ in _Tribune Investment Trust Inc v Soosan Trading Co_ _Ltd_ [2000] 3 SLR
405 at [40] opined:

[T]he function of the court is to try as far as practical experience allows,
to ensure that the _reasonable_ expectations of _honest_ men are not
_disappointed_. [emphasis added]

153 These statements of jurisprudence are of cardinal importance in
understanding and fashioning the law of contract. While a court of law does
not sit as a court of commercial morality, it cannot lose sight of this
central objective of contract law. This thread helps to rationalise the
development of the common law but ought not to be viewed as supporting the
existence of a general test of commercial morality tantamount to the test of
unconscionability invoked by equity. These statements are not to be
interpreted as a clarion call to rewrite commercial agreements because of a
party’s unreasonable or ignoble behaviour. Rather they assist in explaining
how the common law has incrementally and cautiously allowed and continues to
mould exceptions to the application of the objective theory of contracts.
Contract doctrine is substantially predicated upon achieving an ethical
equilibrium between the individualistic ethic and community ethic in order to
protect reasonable or legitimate expectations. The individualistic ethic seeks
to maximise individual goals and the community ethic seeks to set norms for
commercial morality and to ensure that fair dealing and community cohesiveness
are observed and maintained.

154 Interestingly, of the 784 persons who placed 1,008 orders for 4,086 laser
printers, only these six plaintiffs have attempted to enforce their purported
contractual rights. Their conduct in pursuing their claims cannot by any
stretch of the imagination be characterised as having the slightest colour of
being legitimate regardless of whether the subjective or objective theories
are applied and whether common law or equity is applied in adjudicating this
matter.

155 The Internet has revolutionised commerce and radically altered the manner
in which commercial interaction currently takes place. The law will have to
organically adapt itself to respond to new challenges without compromising on
certainty and fairness. Given its global reach and ever changing technological
advancements, Internet usage will pose a myriad of issues for resolution.
Users may find that it may not be as forgiving as more traditional methods of
communications. That said, it also offers new avenues of evidential proof
offering intimate insights into realtime thought processes and reactions. The
plaintiffs attempted to take advantage of the defendant’s mistake over the
Internet. In turn, the ICQ chat session involving the first plaintiff and the
respective plaintiffs’ exchange of e-mails played a significant role in
undermining their credibility and claims. Is this a case of poetic justice?

156 The plaintiffs’ claims are dismissed. I have carefully considered the
issue of costs and have noted that the defendant had, in the process of
mounting a root and branch attack on the plaintiffs’ claim, pursued some
unmeritorious contentions. Taking into account the nature of the claims, the
conduct of these proceedings by the plaintiffs and how the case for the
plaintiffs unravelled, it would not, all things considered, be appropriate to
interfere with the normal order of costs which ought to follow the result. The
defendant is therefore entitled to recover in full its taxed costs from the
plaintiffs.

Plaintiffs’ claims dismissed with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Apr 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

