Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Zailani bin Ahmad  
[2004] SGHC 202

Case Number | : | CC 8/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Han Ming Kuang, Deborah Tan Ek Jin and Christopher James De Souza (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for prosecution; Ismail bin Hamid (Ismail Hamid and Co) and Sadari bin Musari (Sadari Musari and Partners) for accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Zailani bin Ahmad   
  
Criminal Law – Complicity – Common intention – Common intention to commit
murder – Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) ss 302, 34  
  
Criminal Law – General exceptions – Unsoundness of mind  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Murder – Common intention to commit murder – Penal
Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) ss 302, 34  
  
Criminal Law – Special exceptions – Diminished responsibility – Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) Exception 7 to s 300  
  
Evidence – Proof of evidence – Confessions – Whether statement to police was
voluntarily made  
  

13 September 2004

Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The accused person, Zailani bin Ahmad, was found guilty and convicted by me
on the charge that:

on or about the 28th day of June 2003, between 1.00 pm and 6.00 pm, at No 39B
Lorong 28 Geylang, Singapore, together with one Rachel alias Fatimah alias
Leni, in furtherance of the common intention of [he] and Rachel alias Fatimah
alias Leni (as amended), did commit murder by causing the death of one Chi Tue
Tiong, male/68 years old, and [he] has] thereby committed an offence under
section 302 read with section 34 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

**Background**

2 The deceased, Chi Tue Tiong, who was also known as “Ah Pek”, was employed as
a caretaker of apartments 37C and 39B within one apartment block. The rooms in
both apartments were rented out individually. The deceased, whose duties
included the collection of rent from the occupants, stayed in apartment 39B,
where he had his bed and a chest of drawers. His quarters were not one of the
rooms in the apartment, but were an area at the landing of the stairs leading
to two rooms on the upper level of the two-level unit.

3 In the afternoon of 28 June 2003, Tan Poh Geat, the deceased’s employer,
realised that she had not seen him as she normally would, and she decided to
look for him. She went to apartment 39B but could not gain access as the metal
gate to the apartment was locked. She called for assistance from other persons
who removed the gate from its hinges, and they gained entry into the
apartment.

4 When they went to the deceased’s quarters, they found him lying on the
floor.[1] There was a lot of blood at the region of his head and the bed and
another area of blood at the area of his feet and the chest of drawers.

5 The deceased was dead. Dr Teo Eng Swee, consultant forensic pathologist, saw
the body at 11.45pm that day. Dr Teo concluded from his study of the pattern
of the blood splatters that the deceased was lying on the bed with his head on
the pillow when he was first injured by at least two strikes on the head,[2]
and other blows were delivered on the deceased while he was near or on the
floor.[3]

6 In his autopsy examination, Dr Teo found injuries to the head, the upper
limbs, thorax and lower limbs. The most serious injuries were eight fractures
on the head, and indications of at least nine separate blows delivered with
force to the head.[4] He estimated that death had occurred eight to 16 hours
earlier,[5] within minutes of the injuries.[6]

7 Dr Teo was of the opinion that the fractures and the underlying brain
injuries the deceased suffered were not due to a fall.[7] He found that the
brain injuries were consistent with being caused by multiple blunt force
trauma to the sides and back of the head[8] and were of sufficient severity to
cause death.[9] When he was shown the instruments recovered by the police from
the scene, namely a pestle, an axe, a spanner and a hammer, he gave his
opinion that the injuries could have been caused by the pestle or the handle
of the axe or the hammer.[10]

8 The injuries to the upper limbs were concentrated on the hands and fingers
and were also caused by blunt force trauma and were defensive injuries. Dr Teo
certified the cause of death as “intracranial haemorrhage and cerebral
contusions with fractured skull”.

**The scene of the crime**

9 When the police were alerted, they went to the apartment and found the body
of the deceased where it lay.

10 The investigation officer, Inspector David Ang Yeoh Tee, (“Insp Ang“),
found the chest of drawers smeared with blood. There were signs of tampering
of the hinges of the two top drawers. The single drawer on the second row was
pulled out. A bloodstained wooden pestle and a spanner were inside the drawer.
The pestle was identified by Itsariya Jinakarn, the tenant of a room in
apartment 37C, as a part of a pounder and pestle that she kept in the kitchen
area of apartment 37C. A hammer and an axe with bloodstains were found under
the chest of drawers. A fruit peeler was found about two metres from the body.
These items were recovered. Insp Ang also saw two bloodstained shoeprints on
the floor, and arranged for photographs to be taken of them.

**The accused and Rachel**

11 The accused was renting a room in apartment 37C up to the time of the
deceased’s death. He was staying in the room with his Indonesian girlfriend
Rachel alias Fatimah alias Leni (“Rachel”) and paid rent to the deceased. He
and Rachel vacated the room on 28 June 2003.

12 The accused was arrested by the police on 30 June. Rachel was not arrested.
Police investigations revealed that she left Singapore for Batam on 29 June.
The police interviewed her in Batam on 30 June, took a photograph of her,
which was tendered in evidence, and obtained information from her which led
the police to the flat where they recovered the accused’s shoes.

**Recovery of the accused’s shoes**

13 Acting on the information obtained from Rachel, Insp Ang and another
officer went to a flat at Block 76 Telok Blangah Drive #05-282 on 30 June at
about 11.45am, the home of Kassim bin Rabu and his wife Supiah bte Awang.
Supiah told the officers that the accused had visited the flat on 28 June with
his Indonesian girlfriend. He borrowed a pair of shoes from Supiah and left
his “Pazzo” brand shoes and a slingbag at her flat. Insp Ang took possession
of these items.

14 Dr Tay Ming Kiong of the Centre for Forensic Science examined the shoes
against the photographs of the bloodstained shoeprints, and concluded that the
shoeprints photographed were consistent with having been made by the shoes
recovered.[11] Ang Hwee Chen, an analyst at the same Centre, found that the
DNA profile of the blood on the left shoe matched the DNA profile of the
deceased’s blood.

**Disclosure of Rachel’s address**

15 A question arose with regard to Rachel that merits mention here. As I had
stated, the Prosecution adduced evidence about her and tendered her photograph
in evidence. Through the information obtained from her, the Prosecution
recovered the accused’s shoes.

16 The Prosecution did not call her as a witness. The Prosecutor explained
that she was not prepared to come to court as she was named in the charge and
would be arrested if she entered Singapore, and there were no extradition
arrangements by which she could be compelled to come.

17 No criticism can be made for not producing her as a witness. However, it
transpired that the Prosecution had not disclosed her Indonesian address to
the Defence. That was done only when the issue was brought up in the course of
the trial.

18 It would have been better if that were done earlier, when the Prosecution
decided to rely on information obtained from her. This would give the Defence
the same opportunity to communicate with her and obtain any information from
her which may assist the defence. As the accused’s defence was that he could
not recall much of the confrontation with the deceased, and Rachel was
present, she could have supplied information relevant to the Defence even if
she did not come to court.

**Statement of the accused**

19 The accused’s statement was recorded after he was interviewed. Senior
Station Inspector Han Khoe Juan (“SSI Han”) was the first officer to interview
the accused, although he did not record any statement from him. SSI Han’s
evidence was that he took over the custody of the accused at his room at
Police Cantonment Complex. After he took over the custody of the accused from
Assistant Superintendent of Police Bernard Wee, he brought the accused to
interview room “B”. He maintained that he himself brought the accused to the
room without the assistance of other officers.

20 He conducted a physical examination on the accused and had him put on his
clothing again. He then interviewed the accused but found that the accused had
difficulty understanding English, and Station Inspector Mazlan bin Shariff
(“SI Mazlan”) took over the interview.

21 Defence counsel put to SSI Han that after the physical examination, the
accused only had his underwear on. When he was in that state, SI Mazlan
entered the room and spoke to the accused and SSI Han and the other officers
left. SSI Han denied that.

22 SI Mazlan took over the interview from SSI Han. A statement was given by
the accused in Malay and was recorded in English in SI Mazlan’s field
investigation diary and was read back to the accused and was signed by him.

23 As the Defence contended that it was obtained through a threat,[12] a _voir
dire_ was conducted.

24 The accused’s account of the recording of the statement was put to SI
Mazlan by his counsel. The accused was in interview room “B” with some
officers. He was wearing only his underwear and his T-shirt and jeans were on
the floor, and the room was very cold. SI Mazlan went into the room and said
to the accused in Malay words to the effect, “If you do not co-operate with
me, I will let them in and beat you. But if you help me, I will ask them to go
out, and they will not beat you.” SI Mazlan denied all that, and only agreed
that there were pauses in the course of the recording of the statement.

25 The accused’s evidence was that on the day he was arrested, five or six
police officers brought him to a room. He was made to undress and was allowed
only to put his underwear back on. He was instructed to sit on a chair with
the air-conditioner in front of him. When SI Mazlan entered the room and told
him that if he did not want to be beaten by the officers, he should give a
statement to him; if he did not, SI Mazlan would leave him there and let them
beat him up. In the course of cross-examination (but not in examination-in-
chief) he alleged SI Mazlan made the threat two to three times.

26 He was frightened, and told SI Mazlan that he agreed, and SI Mazlan asked
the officers to leave the room. After they left, SI Mazlan recorded his
statement in a book. He was feeling dizzy from some tablets he took, and was
also cold from the air-conditioning. During cross-examination, he said he was
quite high and was between being conscious and not conscious. (He added that
even at the time he was giving evidence, he did not know what was happening to
him.[13]) In the course of the recording, he smoked several cigarettes he took
from a box of cigarettes placed in front of him. When he told SI Mazlan he
could not remember some events, SI Mazlan refused to listen, made those parts
himself and forced him to agree to them.

27 In the course of the cross-examination, the accused identified Senior Staff
Sergeant Martin Low (“SSSgt Low”) as one of the police officers in the
interview room. He also said that the other officers in the interview room
were the officers who arrested him.

28 As a result of these allegations, SSSgt Low was called to give evidence. He
stated he was not a member of the party of officers who had arrested the
accused and was not in the interview room when the accused’s statement was
being recorded.[14]

29 The Prosecution arranged for all the officers in the party which arrested
the accused to attend court. Of the four officers presented, the accused
identified Station Inspector Yeow Kia Seng (“SI Yeow”) as a member of the
arresting party, but he could not recognise the other three of them.[15]

30 When I reviewed the evidence, I found serious shortcomings in the accused’s
case. His counsel put to SI Mazlan that he issued the threat once, while the
accused said that it was made two or three times. Was it the accused’s case
that he was threatened once, as his counsel put to SI Mazlan and he said in
examination-in-chief, or was it his case that it happened two or three times?
The accused alleged that when he came to parts he could not remember, SI
Mazlan made them up for him. If that were so, it should be grounds for a
serious complaint that not only was the statement not made voluntarily, but
some parts of it were not made by the accused at all. But this was never put
to SI Mazlan. The accused alleged that SI Mazlan threatened to let the
officers who were in the interview room beat him up. However SSSgt Low, who he
alleged was in the interview room, was not a member of the arresting party. On
the other hand, he could not remember if SI Yeow, a member of the arresting
party, was in the interview room.[16]

31 In contrast to him, SSI Han and SI Mazlan were consistent in their evidence
that there were no other officers in the interview room when the former handed
custody of the accused to the latter.

32 I found that the accused’s version of the events could not be believed. He
did not create any doubt that his statement might have been procured by the
alleged threat. I ruled that the statement was voluntary and admitted it in
evidence.

33 The statement read:[17]

I have no money. I was arrested earlier for selling illegal VCD but I did not
get any money for selling it. My family could not give me any money. On about
two days ago, I could not remember the date, I could not remember the place
but I was at a room in Geylang Road. I could be able to show the place. I was
together with my girlfriend ‘Racal’ who is a female Indonesia [_sic_] in that
room. Both of us have no money to pay the rent for staying at that room. We
had been staying in that room for about one month plus. Racal suggested we rob
the old male Chinese who looked after the rooms there. Racal told me the old
Chinese man lived a room below our floor. I was drunk. Two of us went down.
Racal opened the door. Two of us went inside. Actually Racal had retrieved a
wooden pole from our room. I do not know where she retrieved this wooden pole
from in our room. She handed the said pole to me before we went down. I beat
up the old Chinese man inside with the pole and after that I could not
remember what happened. Racal pulled my hand out from the room. We left the
place but I could not remember where we went to.

(The accused confirmed that “Racal” referred to Rachel.)

34 On the basis of the admissions in the statement, as corroborated by the
shoeprints, the recovered shoes and the blood thereon, I called on the accused
to make his defence to the charge.

**The defence**

35 The accused was 35 years old at the time of the trial. He is a divorcee
with a son. He is educated up to GCE “N” level. He was working as an air-
conditioner technician, and was also selling illegal VCDs on the side.

36 He had a history of insomnia, and also claimed he heard voices. He had seen
a general practitioner in private practice, Dr John Heng, on 29 April and 27
June 2003. Dr Heng remembered that on both occasions he complained of
insomnia, and he was prescribed 30 nitrazepam tablets sold under the trade
name “Dima”, and he was told to take two tablets a night. He did not tell Dr
Heng that he heard voices.[18]

37 Apart from the Dima tablets he obtained, he also consumed Roche 15 and
Subutex tablets and “Ice” during the period of April to June 2003.

38 He was staying in a room in apartment 37C with Rachel since 19 June 2003
when he returned from a visit to Pengkalis in Indonesia.

39 On 27 June 2003, he went to see Dr Heng because he was depressed. He was
depressed because he had lost his job as an air-conditioner technician and was
arrested for selling illegal VCDs. That night, he took two Dima tablets and
three big bottles of beer.

40 On the next morning, he took another 12 tablets of Dima at about 10.00am
because he was still feeling depressed and his funds were running low.

41 His evidence was that:

After I took 12 tablets of Dima, I was unconscious of what is happening around
me. When I regained consciousness, I was ransacking Ah Pek’s locker. I do not
know what I was looking for actually. I think I was looking for money. I only
realised when Rachel called me saying “Abang, watch your back, Ah Pek wants to
beat you up.

When I turned around I saw Ah Pek swinging spanner at my head and I managed to
avoid the spanner; I ducked my head. I stood up and I beat him up.

Yes, I remember. When I regained consciousness, I was ransacking the Ah Pek’s
drawer.[19]

42 However, he did not recall going with Rachel from their room to the
deceased’s room.[20]

43 In answer to his counsel, he said:

I think I was looking for money. When I opened up the drawer, I was … my
vision was blur. My vision was blur. I couldn’t see what was inside the
drawer. I had a blackout.

… when I was opening the drawer, I had a key with me. … one bundle of keys
with me.

I tried to open the drawer but I can’t open. Then Rachel shouted to watch my
back. Ah Pek wanted to beat me up with the spanner. I managed to duck and then
I stood up. Then I beat him up. He …

I remembered he fell down and I took the spanner from him. I took the spanner
to open the drawer. I remembered damaging the locker, trying to open the
locker.

I recall Rachel asked me to get out of the room because there’s someone
pressing the door bell.

So I quickly get out of the room to return to my room. I can’t remember where
I go to but I got out of Ah Pek’s room. I returned to my room to take my
things, then I ran away. That’s all.[21]

44 The next thing he remembered was that he was alone at a coffee shop in
Kallang. Then he remembered being in the flat of Kassim bin Abu, and sleeping
in the forest at Marsiling with an Indonesian man. He and the Indonesian man
went to Changi because the Indonesian man said he had a sampan there. He was
sleeping on the way to Changi. He woke up at Changi, alighted from the bus and
he was arrested.

45 He admitted that he had intended to steal the deceased’s money.[22] He
formed this intention to steal when he was feeling drowsy and high from the
tablets he took, but he did not intend to kill the deceased. (He detracted
from this in re-examination when he said he was not sure if he had the
intention to steal.[23])

46 He remembered that Rachel took a wooden pole from outside their room and
brought it into the room, but he did not remember beating the deceased with a
pole or pestle.[24] He described the pole to be about one metre long, with a
square cross-section.[25]

47 He was not sure if he had used the pole to beat the deceased,[26] but
remembered that while he was ransacking the drawer, the deceased wanted to
attack him, and he beat up the deceased, although he could not remember if he
beat him up with his hand or a pole.[27]

48 When the Prosecutor cross-examined him, he confirmed that he remembered
that he tried to open the top drawers of the chest of drawers with keys, but
was unable to do that. While he was doing that, the deceased swung a spanner
at him, but he ducked and hit the deceased on the head in return. He took the
deceased’s spanner to prise open the locked drawers, which he thought might
contain valuables, but he did not take anything. After that he went back to
his room, packed his things, and left with Rachel.

49 When the Prosecutor asked him how he felt after taking the 12 Dima tablets,
his response was ambivalent. He said that he felt sleepy but resisted the
sleepiness, then he said that he wanted to sleep but could not sleep. He had a
headache and was mumbling to himself. He felt a little aggressive, but did not
have feelings of hostility.[28] He only felt aggressive when the deceased
tried to hit him, but not after the attack.[29]

**The accused’s mental capacity**

50 The mental capacity of the accused was a principal issue of the case. The
accused was first examined by Dr Tommy Tan, consultant psychiatrist from
Woodbridge Hospital, in July when he was remanded in Changi Prison Hospital.
Dr Tan had recorded his findings in his report[30] that:

There was no abnormal behaviour observed by the nurses during the remand in
Changi Prison Hospital.

When I examined Mr Zailani, he had psychomotor retardation, ie his mental
processes and movements were slowed down. He complained of auditory
hallucinations, which were vague and inconsistent.

The mental state examination was inconsistent with the observations made by
the nurses in the Prison Hospital.

With regard to the alleged offence of murder, Mr Zailani said that he had been
taking many tablets of sleeping pills that day. He said that he had wanted to
rob the deceased. He said he could not fully remember what happened.

In my opinion, the accused has a history of Dependence Syndrome of multiple
drugs (F19.21, International Classification of Diseases). This is
characterised by the harmful use of drugs, drug seeking behaviour and
difficulties in controlling the use of drugs.

He had acute intoxication with hypnotics (F13.0, International Classification
of Diseases) at the time of the alleged offence of murder.

He was not of unsound mind at the time of the alleged offences as he knew what
he was doing and what he was doing was wrong. He is fit to plead and is
capable of making his defence. He knows the charges that he is facing and the
consequence of pleading guilty. He will be able to follow the proceedings in
Court. He will be able to instruct his counsel.

51 Dr Tan expanded on his findings when he gave evidence. He explained that
the auditory hallucinations the accused complained of were very vague and
changed from interview to interview, and were not consistent with any
psychiatric disorder. Dr Tan thought that the accused was malingering and had
made the complaints in order to get medication.

52 Dr Tan also explained that while the accused’s mental processes and
movement were slow when he examined him, the nurses and warders who observed
him noted him to be very cheerful when he talked to other prisoners. This led
him to think that the show of mental and physical slowness was put on, and
that the accused was not really depressed.

53 Dr Tan found no signs of psychiatric illness, disorder or disease. His
diagnosis was that the accused suffered from acute intoxication with hypnotics
(_ie_ sleeping pills) at the time of the offence. The accused had said that he
felt “high” on sleeping pills, which Dr Tan described as a floating feeling.
In that state, the accused’s judgment might be impaired, but he would probably
know what he was doing and was probably fully conscious, and he was not of
unsound mind and he also did not have an abnormality of mind which
substantially impaired his mental responsibility.

54 Dr Tan agreed with defence counsel that one of the signs of acute
intoxication with hypnotics is disinhibition, and a person may become
aggressive. He also agreed that the person may experience dissociation, _ie_
he cannot control what he is doing or feeling, as in a case of epilepsy.

55 Counsel also brought up the phenomenon called paradoxical stimulant effect.
Dr Tan said that it was not common, but it meant having a reversed effect,
_eg_ where after taking sleeping tablets, a person instead of getting sleepy
becomes more alert and more disinhibited,[31] active, hostile and
aggressive.[32]

56 The Defence relied on the findings of Dr Lim Yun Chin, consultant
psychiatrist to Raffles Hospital. Dr Lim conducted a mental state examination
on the accused and put up a report on 1 March 2004[33] where he stated:

The accused admitted that after his return from Indonesia, he succumbed to the
craving for drugs and used ice and subutex randomly. Because he started
consuming illicit drugs, he decided to stay away from home and rented a room
in Geylang with his girl partner. However, he had difficulty in sleeping and
consulted Dr Heng who prescribed him Nitrazepam, a benzodiazepine drug for the
treatment of insomnia. Initially, he used two tablets to help him sleep.
However, on the eve the alleged offence, he was arrested for selling pirated
VCDs.

He felt very “depressed” after his arrest and just before the commission of
the alleged offence, he decided to indiscriminately swallow large amount of
the Nitrazepam. He remembered swallowing 12 tablets of the Nitrazepam tablets
in order to sleep and forget his “problems.”

Instead of feeling sleepy, he remembered feeling more excitable and irritable.
He claimed that his female partner suggested that they robbed the “old man”
living below as they have no money to pay their rent. He agreed.

He remembered feeling “drunk” at the time when they went into the room of the
house owner. He said that he was given a pole by his partner. Inside the
owner’s room, he claimed he was physically attacked by the owner when he tried
to open the drawer. He remembered reacting to the owner’s attack by beating
him back. His recall after the violence in the owner’s room appeared patchy
and he was unable to give a coherent and reliable account of events that led
to his arrest.

[Note the absence of any reference to any feeling of aggression.]

and he gave his opinion that:

I agree with Dr Tommy Tan that he suffers from Dependence Syndrome of multiple
drugs (F 19:21, ICD 10). I also agreed with Dr Tan that at the time of the
alleged offence, his behaviour suggested that he was suffering from acute
intoxication with hypnotics (Nitrazepam) (F 13.0, ICD 10). It is also my
opinion that he was not of unsound mind at the time of the offence. He is
mentally fit to plead and is capable of making his defence.

However, I am of the opinion that _he was suffering from diminished
responsibility at the time of the offence because of the acute intoxication
caused by the hypnotic, Nitrazepam_. Although benzodiazepine as a class of
drugs generally causes sedation when consumed, _one of the known serious
adverse effects_ is the development of Paradoxical stimulant effects
particularly when consumed in excess to the point of intoxication. _The
characteristics of Paradoxical stimulant effects included irritability,
hyperactive or aggressive behaviour. It is common to observe rage and violent
behaviour_ , including assault and homicide because of the paradoxical
stimulant effect. Such reactions are similar to those sometimes provoked by
alcohol. The psychiatric literature mentioned cases of “baby-battering, wife-
beating and grandma bashing” that have been attributed to the consumption of
benzodiazepines.

[emphasis added]

57 The psychiatric literature referred to was Prof Heather Ashton’s
_Benzodiazepines: How They Work And How To Withdraw_ , which states:

**Paradoxical stimulant effects.** Benzodiazepines occasionally cause
paradoxical excitement with increased anxiety, insomnia, nightmares,
hallucinations at the onset of sleep, irritability, hyperactive or aggressive
behaviour, and exacerbation of seizures in epileptics. Attacks of rage and
violent behaviour, including assault (and even homicide), have been reported,
particularly after intravenous administration but also after oral
administration. Less dramatic increases in irritability and argumentativeness
are much more common and are frequently remarked upon by patients or by their
families. Such reactions are similar to those sometimes provoked by alcohol.
They are most frequent in anxious and aggressive individuals, children, and
the elderly. They may be due to release or inhibition of behavioural
tendencies normally suppressed by social restraints. Cases of “baby-
battering”, wife-beating and “grandma-bashing” have been attributed to
benzodiazepines.

58 Dr Lim elaborated on his findings in court. He explained that a Dependence
Syndrome is a psychiatric disorder where a person has the tendency to abuse a
wide range of drugs to satisfy his craving[34] and he develops a low threshold
to frustration and becomes more prone to disinhibited behaviour and
aggression.

59 He explained that in arriving at the conclusion that the accused was
suffering from diminished responsibility at the time of the alleged offence,
he took into account the fact that after the accused consumed the 12 tablets
of nitrazepam, his mind, motivation and behaviour were impaired and he had
inadequate control of his mental faculties.[35] He added that paradoxical
stimulant effects could cause a person to be disorientated, disorganised,
bizarre and unpredictable.[36]

60 Defence counsel got him to comment on specific episodes of the accused
starting just before the assault. He said:

At that time when he was in the process of taking the keys from the drawer,
[trying] to open the drawer and then the deceased came upon him, if _he was
not intoxicated_ , I would think that he has full control of his faculty. …

He would have full control of his faculty. I believe he was intoxicated at
that time and I believe the common wisdom is, never provoke an intoxicated
person. Their response is unpredictable and it’s unlikely it could be
measured. So, in that sense, I believe his mental faculty was impaired.[37]

[emphasis added]

61 Dr Lim did not explain his conclusion. It appeared to me that instead of
suggesting impairment of thought, the accused’s action indicated that he was
in full control of his faculties. By his own evidence, he wanted to open the
locked drawers because he thought there might be valuables in them and he
tried to unlock the padlocks with the keys which were on the top of the chest
of drawers. This showed that he can rationalise that valuables were more
likely to be kept in the locked drawers rather than the unlocked drawers, and
that he realised that the keys might fit the locks. The conclusion should be
that he was in control of his faculties even if he was intoxicated.

62 The accused’s actions when the deceased came upon him also did not suggest
impaired mental faculties. He understood Rachel’s warning, avoided the
deceased’s strike, and struck back at him. His levels of awareness and
reaction were quick and sharp. There was nothing in his actions that was
unpredictable or unmeasured.

63 After the confrontation, he resumed his efforts to open the drawers, using
the deceased’s spanner. All this showed a high degree of control and composure
during that eventful period. In addition to that, the accused only mentioned
that he felt a little aggression, but not of irritability or hyperactivity
which Dr Lim described as characteristics of paradoxical stimulant effects.

64 Diminished responsibility is an exception to the offence of murder under
Exception 7 to s 300 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). It operates
when a person commits culpable homicide when his mental responsibility is
substantially impaired. When Dr Lim was asked whether there was impairment or
substantial impairment in the accused’s case, he said “it fluctuates, so it is
very difficult in a way to make a judgment for me on this case”.[38]

65 He then said that there was substantial impairment because:

When I made that assessment that he was substantially impaired, I am referring
to his state of mind at that time of the offence. And I would, basing on my
understanding of the clinical picture of somebody who suffers from paradoxical
stimulant effect, all his behaviour and motivation would invariably be
influenced by that impaired state, whether it is perceived as sensible,
logical from the layman’s side, this is something that is not my position to
take[39].

As I understand him, he was saying that paradoxical stimulant effects could
cause substantial impairment of a person’s behaviour and motivation, without
addressing the question whether the accused’s mental responsibility was
substantially impaired.

66 When the Prosecutor pressed further into the issue by examining each
episode of the accused’s actions from the time he and Rachel went with the
intention to steal or rob to the time they fled, Dr Lim narrowed down the
period of substantial impairment to have started at the time that the accused
was aggressive and attacked the deceased and to have ended immediately after
the attack.[40]

67 Dr Tan was recalled after Dr Lim to give his evidence on the matters raised
by the latter. He disagreed with Dr Lim’s opinion that the accused’s mental
responsibility was substantially impaired for the brief moment identified by
Dr Lim. He found that improbable because the intoxicant which affected the
accused’s mental state was carried in his blood, and it was unlikely that
there was a sudden peak in the intoxicant followed by a sudden drop[41] to
bring about a short and sharp moment of substantial impairment.

**Evaluation of the evidence**

68 The accused was a poor and unsatisfactory witness. His selective memory and
his inconsistent evidence lead me to agree with Dr Tan that he was prone to
malingering.

69 I found the statement recorded by SI Mazlan to be a voluntary statement by
the accused setting out the events on his own as he remembered them, and that
no parts of the statement were added by SI Mazlan on his own initiative.

70 The accused admitted that he and Rachel went to rob or steal from the
deceased and they took with them a wooden pole which he used on the deceased.
They were not robbing or stealing from a stranger, but from someone who knew
who they were even if they ran away. They could not have brought the pole with
them to brandish it at the deceased if he saw them. They must have intended to
use it on him if he confronted them.

71 The evidence is that the fatal injuries were caused by the accused, or
Rachel, or the both of them. As the charge was that the offence was committed
in furtherance of their common intention, it was not necessary for the
Prosecution to establish whether the accused, Rachel or the both of them
inflicted the fatal injuries.

72 The defence of diminished responsibility was raised against the background
of the accused’s evidence that he could not remember what he did after he
punched the deceased and Dr Lim’s opinion that he was suffering from
diminished responsibility at the time of the offence. Dr Lim’s opinion was
grounded on the assumption that the accused inflicted the injuries. If Rachel
had inflicted them in furtherance of their common intention, the defence of
diminished responsibility would not be available to the accused. Nevertheless
the defence of diminished responsibility must be considered because the
accused might have inflicted the injuries, and if he did, the defence could
apply.

73 Dr Lim found that the accused was suffering from diminished responsibility
because he had acute intoxication with hypnotics which may bring about
paradoxical stimulant effects, including irritability, hyperactivity or
aggressive behaviour.

74 It was significant that when the accused’s actions were examined a stage at
a time, there were no signs of irritability, hyperactivity or aggressive
behaviour for virtually the whole time. On the contrary, he was able to decide
to rob or steal, to choose the drawers to steal from and to use the keys he
found to try to unlock them. Even when that was interrupted by the deceased,
he returned to the task of trying to open the drawers after he had disarmed
the deceased.

75 The only show of aggression or hostility was his striking back at the
deceased, and perhaps the subsequent blows inflicted on the deceased when he
said he had “blacked out”.

76 It is not exceptional for a thief or robber to fight back when he is
confronted by a victim who knows him. I did not regard that as evidence of
aggression borne out of paradoxical stimulant effects. His turning his
attention back to the drawers was also inconsistent with paradoxical stimulant
effects or substantial impairment of the mental faculties.

77 In the circumstances, I found that he had not established on a balance of
probabilities that he was suffering from diminished responsibility, and that
the Prosecution had proved its case against him beyond a reasonable doubt.

78 I therefore found the accused guilty and imposed the mandatory death
sentence on him.

  

* * *

[1]See P22

[2]Notes of Evidence pages 151, 155

[3]Notes of Evidence page 162

[4]Notes of Evidence page 178

[5]Notes of Evidence page 162

[6]Notes of Evidence page 196

[7]Notes of Evidence page 180

[8]Notes of Evidence pages 181-182

[9]Notes of Evidence page 192

[10]Notes of Evidence page 184

[11]P149

[12]Notes of Evidence pages 5 and 543

[13]Notes of Evidence page 478

[14]Notes of Evidence page 528

[15]Notes of Evidence page 489

[16]Notes of Evidence page 490

[17]P158

[18]Notes of Evidence page 761

[19]Notes of Evidence pages 744-745

[20]The term “room” is used loosely, as the area occupied by the deceased was
not really a room

[21]Notes of Evidence pages 745-747

[22]Notes of Evidence page 748

[23]Notes of Evidence pages 799 & 802

[24]Notes of Evidence pages 749-750

[25]Notes of Evidence page 800

[26]Notes of Evidence page 753

[27]Notes of Evidence page 755

[28]Notes of Evidence page 783

[29]Notes of Evidence page 784

[30]P156

[31]Notes of Evidence page 643

[32]Notes of Evidence page 704

[33]D1

[34]Notes of Evidence page 816

[35]Notes of Evidence page 827

[36]Notes of Evidence pages 831-832

[37]Notes of Evidence pages 839-840

[38]Notes of Evidence page 871

[39]Notes of Evidence page 873

[40]Notes of Evidence page 888

[41]Notes of Evidence page 902

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

