Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tong Guan Food Products Pte Ltd v Ong Leong Chuan (Ong Heng Chuan and
another, interveners, Third Party)  
[2004] SGHC 80

Case Number | : | Suit 1633/1999, NM 600006/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 April 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Loy Wee Sun (Loy and Co) for plaintiff; Kenneth Tan SC (Kenneth Tan Partnership) and Leslie Phua Oei Heong (Phua Wai Partnership) for second intervener   
Parties | : |  Tong Guan Food Products Pte Ltd — Ong Leong Chuan — Ong Heng Chuan and another, interveners   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Leave – Whether leave should be granted to appeal
against orders on costs.  
  

23 April 2004

Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is an appeal against an order (made on 18 March 2004) refusing leave to
the second intervener to appeal against an order on costs. That order on costs
was made on 31 October 2003. The other parties have not appealed.

2 The background facts are straightforward, but it will be helpful to trace
the events to the origin of this action. This action, Suit No 1633 of 1999,
was commenced by the plaintiff company, then represented by Drew & Napier,
against the defendant, then represented by Hee Theng Fong & Co. The defendant
was a director of the plaintiff and was sued in respect of alleged breaches of
duties as director. One of the reliefs sought by the plaintiff was for an
order for an accounting of assets purchased through company funds. There was
also an allegation of misappropriation of $200,000 belonging to the company.
The first and second interveners are the defendant’s brothers and they were
also directors of the plaintiff company at the material time. The trial of
this action commenced on 18 August 2000, and was adjourned part heard on 22
August 2000. It was scheduled to resume for hearing from 5 to 8 September
2000. On 7 September 2000, the plaintiff and the defendant entered a consent
judgment. The judgment was in the following terms:

In respect of the plaintiffs’ claim for $200,000

By consent it is this day ordered that, the parties by their counsel have
agreed on the terms of settlement as set forth in Schedule 1 hereto. All
further proceedings in this part of the suit be stayed except for carrying
such terms into effect.

The schedule to the order of court provided that the plaintiff and the
defendant would appoint a special accountant to determine whether the
defendant as well as the first and second interveners had “respectively used
monies or assets belonging to the plaintiff or its subsidiaries to purchase
shares in the plaintiff company that belonged to Ong Siew Kuan and Ong Siew
Chin” (Ong Siew Kuan and Ong Siew Chin are sisters of the defendant and
interveners). The schedule also provided that the purchase of any such shares
“using the monies or assets of [the plaintiff or its subsidiaries] shall be
void”.

3 Ernst & Young were appointed as the special accountant and they rendered a
report in July 2002. The report indicated that the two interveners were to be
liable in respect of irregularities stated in the said schedule. Consequently,
the plaintiff applied by way of a summons in chambers on 18 July 2002 to
“implement the terms of the settlement” of 7 September 2000 against all three
brothers. The summons was served on the defendant as well as his two brothers,
claiming relief not only against the defendant but also against his two
brothers.

4 The defendant, now represented by Allen & Gledhill, indicated no desire to
challenge the special accountant’s report. However, on 19 July 2002 the two
interveners applied by a summons in chambers for leave to intervene and
challenge the plaintiff’s application to enforce the consent judgment of 7
September 2000. The second intervener also applied to cross-examine the
special accountant.

5 The second intervener’s application was fixed for hearing before another
court (not the original trial judge). At the hearing, it became apparent that
the primary issue was whether the interveners were bound by the consent
judgment of 7 September 2000. The parties then agreed to have that issue
determined as a preliminary issue. As a result, that issue was fixed for
hearing before this court on 30 October 2003.

6 The critical and foremost question at the hearing was whether persons who
were not parties to the action could be bound by a consent judgment obtained
between the plaintiff and the defendant there. Secondly, whether the unusual
procedure adopted by the interveners in response to the plaintiff’s summons
(to enforce the consent judgment) was correct and appropriate.

7 On 31 October 2003, Mr Loy, now counsel for the plaintiff, asked for leave
to withdraw the plaintiff’s summons in chambers. The defendant and interveners
had no objections but asked for costs. Reasonable disbursements were ordered
to be paid to the defendant who did not challenge the special accountant’s
report, and was present only because he was a party on record.

8 So far as the interveners were concerned, no costs were awarded to them as
the summons in chambers taken out by them was an incorrect and inappropriate
response. An error was first made when the consent judgment was entered which
purported to affect the interests and rights of persons (the interveners) who
were not parties to the action. The error was compounded by the interveners’
application to intervene as interveners. In my view, the correct procedure, in
the circumstances, was to apply by way of an originating summons to declare
that the consent judgment did not bind them, and consequently, that the
plaintiff’s summons in chambers should also be struck out. Even the plaintiff
ought to have proceeded by way of an originating summons to enforce the terms
of the consent order. The judgment had ended the action in this suit.

9 The third error arose when the parties proceeded to act on the intervention
of the interveners, whose intention was to attack the consent judgment on the
merits by challenging the findings of the special accountant. It was a long
while before the simple issue of whether they were in fact bound by the terms
of the 7 September 2000 consent order became apparent to them, by which time,
much time and costs had been incurred by all parties concerned. Taking the
entire history of this matter into account, no party was deserving of costs
being awarded either against him or for him, save for the defendant who had
attended the proceedings, more as a spectator than a party. Therefore, other
than the defendant, each party ought to bear his own costs.

10 Thereafter, on 18 March 2004, the second intervener applied for leave to
appeal against the orders in respect of costs. On the facts above, there
appeared no merit to warrant an appeal to the Court of Appeal. The only
substantial point raised by counsel was that the interveners had no
alternative but to apply to intervene, and that in the process, lengthy
affidavits had been filed by them and the plaintiff. Counsel thus argued that
the work done must be compensated by costs. These arguments had been taken
into account when the orders on 31 October 2003 were made, and therefore,
there was no need to revise the orders since no new grounds were given.

Second intervener’s appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Apr 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

