Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ong Ting Ting v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGHC 156

Case Number | : | MA 241/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 July 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Wee Pan Lee (Wee Tay and Lim) for appellant; Christopher Ong Siu Jin (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Ong Ting Ting — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Principles applicable in appeal
against findings of fact – Whether trial judge's findings against weight of
evidence  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mitigation – Whether lack of antecedents
valid mitigating factor where offender charged with multiple offences relating
to single incident  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Maid abuse
consisting of voluntarily causing hurt, criminal use of force and criminal
intimidation – Whether sentence manifestly excessive  
  

28 July 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The appellant was convicted on four charges of voluntarily causing hurt
under s 323 read with s 73(2) of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”),
two charges of using criminal force under s 352 of the PC and one charge of
criminal intimidation under the second limb of s 506 of the PC. All seven
charges related to a single incident of maid abuse, and the appellant was
sentenced to a total of three months and two weeks’ imprisonment. She appealed
against both conviction and sentence. I dismissed both appeals and I now give
my reasons.

**Facts**

2 The appellant is a 30-year-old tuition teacher who lives at Block 392
Tampines Ave 7 #10-235 (“the flat”) with her husband, Ng Sen Ho (“the
appellant’s husband”) and her two young children. In April 2002, the appellant
approached Arrow Employment Agency (“the agency”) to request for a Filipino
maid. The agency informed her that one Jean Ganzon (“Jean”) was available, as
she was a transfer maid who had recently been rejected by her previous
employers. The appellant selected Jean after an interview and Jean joined the
household soon after.

3 The appellant’s relationship with Jean was difficult. She sent Jean to the
agency for counselling at least twice as she was dissatisfied with Jean’s
attitude and alleged propensity to lie. During these sessions, Jean told the
staff at the agency that the appellant scolded her regularly. Jean also
claimed that the appellant had hit her arm and pushed her sometime in June
2002, causing her to fall.

4 The seven charges before me stemmed from a single incident on 13 July 2002,
some three months after Jean started working for the appellant.

**_The Prosecution’s case_**

5 The Prosecution relied primarily on Jean’s testimony. At about 2.00pm on 13
July 2002, Jean was ironing clothes in the flat when the appellant suddenly
entered the room and scolded her for leaving the window open. When Jean tried
to explain, the appellant grew more agitated. Jean then informed her that she
wanted to go to the agency to request a change in employer. When the appellant
heard this, she demanded that Jean pack her belongings immediately. Before
Jean could finish packing, the appellant pushed her out of the flat and told
her to go to the agency.

6 Jean first went to the flat of the appellant’s mother, Ng Ah Hong (“Mdm
Ng”), to inform her that she was leaving. Jean was familiar with Mdm Ng as the
latter visited the appellant’s flat every day to help look after the
appellant’s young daughter. The appellant’s second child had not been born at
this time.

7 After visiting Mdm Ng, Jean proceeded to the agency where she spoke to two
staff members, one of whom was Michelle Chin Mee Chuen (“Michelle”). Jean
explained that she was frightened of the appellant and did not want to
continue working for her. However, Michelle informed Jean that she could not
get another transfer, as she had not finished paying her agency fees and was
already a transfer maid. She warned Jean that she could be repatriated if a
new employer could not be found. Jean was advised to return to the appellant’s
flat, which she eventually did at about 4.00pm.

8 In the corridor outside the flat, Jean met the appellant’s husband who was
leaving the flat with his daughter after having returned from work. Jean
approached the door of the flat and rang the doorbell. When the appellant
opened the door and saw Jean, she immediately grabbed her shirt and pulled her
into the flat. After closing the door, she pushed Jean, who fell onto a
concrete shoe rack and injured her right elbow. The appellant ordered Jean to
get up. As Jean obeyed, she grabbed Jean by the shirt and brought her to the
maid’s room. She pushed Jean again, causing Jean to hit her head against the
wall. When Jean tried to protect her head, the appellant grabbed her shoulders
and hit her head against the wall three more times.

9 After this, the appellant pulled Jean to the kitchen toilet and pushed her
in. Jean fell and hit her jaw against a pail. As she got up, the appellant
scooped water from a pail and poured it over her. The appellant took some ice
cubes from the refrigerator and placed them in Jean’s bra and short pants. She
also put some ice cubes in Jean’s hands and ordered her to eat them.
Frightened, Jean did as she was told. The appellant then brought a fan from
another room and switched it on, directing it at Jean and causing her to feel
cold and shiver.

10 Sometime after, the appellant told Jean to change her clothes. However, she
refused to allow Jean to change out of her wet underwear. After Jean had
changed, the appellant brought her to the living room and demanded that she
kneel before her. While Jean was kneeling, the appellant scolded her and
kicked her on her right thigh, causing her to fall over. When Jean resumed her
kneeling position, the appellant kicked her again, this time on her left
thigh.

11 Finally, after scolding Jean further, the appellant ordered her to stand
up. She told Jean, “I am not scared to kill you. I can afford to pay you.” She
then instructed Jean to clean the flat and prepare to accompany the family out
to dinner. The entire household later left for dinner at a restaurant in
Tampines Mall. Although Jean was not restrained at the mall, she did not run
away as she was holding a bag belonging to the appellant and did not want to
be accused of theft.

12 The next afternoon, while the family was asleep, Jean ran away to the
Embassy of the Phillipines. On the advice of the officers there, she made a
police report. She was also sent for a medical examination at Alexandra
Hospital. As a result, the appellant was charged with four counts of
voluntarily causing hurt, two counts of using criminal force and one count of
criminal intimidation. Two of the four original charges of voluntarily causing
hurt (District Arrest Cases Nos 26175 and 26176 of 2003) concerned the earlier
incident in June 2002, when the appellant allegedly hit Jean’s arm and pushed
her. On the first day of trial, these two charges were stood down, and two
fresh charges of voluntarily causing hurt (District Arrest Cases Nos 26181A
and 26181B of 2003) relating to the events of 13 July 2002, were preferred.

13 The trial against the appellant therefore proceeded on the following seven
charges, all of which pertained to the incident on 13 July 2002:

(a) voluntarily causing hurt to Jean by pushing her and causing her to hit her
head against the wall (District Arrest Case No 26177 of 2003);

(b) using criminal force on Jean by pouring water on her and making her stand
in front of a fan (District Arrest Case No 26178 of 2003);

(c) using criminal force on Jean by placing ice cubes inside her bra and short
pants (District Arrest Case No 26179 of 2003);

(d) voluntarily causing hurt to Jean by kicking her (District Arrest Case No
26180 of 2003);

(e) committing criminal intimidation on Jean by saying she was not afraid to
kill Jean, which was a threat to cause death (District Arrest Case No 26181 of
2003);

(f) voluntarily causing hurt to Jean by pushing her and causing her to fall
and injure her elbow (DAC 26181A/2003); and

(g) voluntarily causing hurt to Jean by pushing her and causing her to fall on
a pail (DAC 26181B/2003).

14 Jean also filed a civil suit against the appellant.

**_The defence_**

15 The appellant denied all of Jean’s allegations. According to her, on the
afternoon of 13 July 2002, she had spoken to Jean “in a normal tone” about the
work that had to be done around the house. Jean then said she wanted a change
of employer since the appellant was not happy with her. The appellant told
Jean she could pack her bags and go straight to the agency to inform them. She
maintained that she did not shout at Jean or push her out of the flat. Jean
walked out on her own.

16 After Jean left, the appellant called Michelle at the agency to help
counsel Jean. She also called her mother, Mdm Ng. During this conversation,
Jean appeared at Mdm Ng’s flat and said “Mum don’t want me”. The appellant
told Mdm Ng not to say anything more, as she had already told Jean to go to
the agency. Later in the day, at about 4.00pm, Michelle called the appellant
and told her that Jean had gone to the agency to tell them that the appellant
wanted a new maid. However, after counselling, Jean had been advised to return
to the flat. Michelle had also warned Jean that she might be repatriated and
forced into prostitution to repay her outstanding agency fees.

17 After the phone call, the appellant’s daughter woke up and began crying.
The appellant’s husband returned home at around the same time and brought the
child out of the flat to pacify her. Just after they left, Jean returned home
and the appellant let her in. As she entered her room and began to unpack, the
appellant asked her why she had told Mdm Ng and Michelle that the appellant
wanted a new maid, when in fact it was Jean herself who wanted a new employer.
Jean refused to reply. The appellant then gave her a “light push” to elicit a
response. Jean lost her balance and fell on the floor. After she fell, Jean
deliberately struck her head against the wall.

18 Stunned by the turn of events, the appellant went to the living room and
started to cry. Jean then came to the appellant and knelt on the floor to
apologise, and hugged the appellant to console her. The appellant said
everything was all right and told Jean to continue with the household chores.
At about 5.00pm, the appellant’s husband returned with their daughter and the
whole family left with Jean for dinner.

19 After the incident, the appellant decided to look for a new maid. She fixed
an appointment with a maid agent at 10.00am the very next day. On the morning
of 14 July 2002, she woke up at 7.00am to prepare for the appointment. She
also used her computer to browse the webpage of an employment agency that
supplied Filipino maids. At this time, Jean was moving around the flat and
could have seen what the appellant was doing. When the agent called the
appellant at 9.30am, Jean could also have heard the details of their
conversation. The appellant left the flat to meet the agent and also went to
Jean’s agency to look at other maids. By the time she returned to the flat,
Jean was gone. The appellant speculated that Jean had run away because she
realised that the appellant was going to replace her.

**The decision below**

20 The district judge recognised that he had to be extremely cautious in
convicting the appellant based solely on Jean’s allegations: _Kwan Peng Hong v
PP_ [2000] 4 SLR 96. After scrutinising the evidence in exhaustive detail, he
concluded that Jean had been earnest and forthright in her testimony. While
there were certain inconsistencies in her evidence, they were minor and
inconsequential in nature. It was the broad facts, and not the little details,
that mattered: _PP v Gan Lim Soon_ [1993] 3 SLR 261.

21 In contrast, he found the appellant to be a guarded and manipulative
witness who was not above tailoring and slanting her testimony to suit her
case. She painted a rosy picture of her relationship with Jean that was
incongruous with the rest of the evidence, while her own defence was riddled
with material inconsistencies. The evidence of the appellant’s husband was
also discounted, as he appeared to be testifying pursuant to an agenda.

22 After carefully evaluating the totality of the evidence, the district judge
concluded that the Prosecution had proven its case beyond a reasonable doubt.
Besides the veracity of Jean’s evidence, the Prosecution’s case was also
corroborated by the objective medical evidence. Dr Tan Ken Leon of Alexandra
Hospital examined Jean on the night of 14 July 2002 and communicated with her
through a Filipino nurse, who acted as the interpreter. Dr Tan found the
following injuries on Jean:

(a) a 3cm haematoma at the occiput, consistent with Jean’s head being hit
against a hard object such as a wall;

(b) 0.5cm bruises on both knees, likely to be caused by kicks and not by
kneeling; and

(c) a 3cm linear abrasion on the elbow.

23 Turning to the issue of sentencing, the district judge considered in
mitigation the fact that Jean’s injuries were relatively minor, and the abuse
appeared to be a “one-off incident”. However, there were also aggravating
factors that clearly justified the imposition of a custodial sentence in this
case. The appellant’s assault on Jean was wicked and persistent, resulting in
no less than seven different offences being committed. After considering the
relevant benchmark sentences for the various offences, and taking into account
the circumstances of the case, the district judge sentenced the appellant to:

(a) one week’s imprisonment on each of the four charges of voluntarily causing
hurt (DACs 26177, 26180, 26181A and 26181B/2003);

(b) one week’s imprisonment on each of the two charges of using criminal force
(DACs 26178 and 26179/2003); and

(c) three months’ imprisonment on the charge of criminal intimidation (DAC
26181/2003).

24 The sentences in DACs 26177, 26180 and 26181/2003 were ordered to run
consecutively, bringing the appellant’s total sentence to three months and two
weeks’ imprisonment.

**The appeal**

25 The appellant appealed against both conviction and sentence.

**_Appeal against conviction_**

26 The appellant’s grounds of appeal centred entirely on the district judge’s
findings of fact. Essentially, she contended that the district judge had erred
in:

(a) accepting the evidence of Jean;

(b) rejecting the evidence of the appellant; and

(c) failing to give sufficient weight to the evidence of the appellant’s
husband and Mdm Ng.

27 It is trite law that an appellate court would be slow to overturn a trial
judge’s findings of fact, having not had the opportunity to see and hear the
witnesses: _Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713; _Sundara Moorthy Lankatharan v
PP_ [1997] 3 SLR 464. I found this principle to be especially significant in
this appeal, as I was presented with directly contradictory versions of the
events from the two main interested parties. As the final decision necessarily
rested on the acceptance of one account over the other, I gave due regard to
the fact that the district judge had the advantage of observing the demeanour
of the witnesses in court when he assessed the credibility of their evidence.
Given the circumstances, the appellant obviously faced an uphill task in
convincing me that the district judge’s findings should be set aside. With
these considerations in mind, I turned to evaluate each of the appellant’s
grounds of appeal.

_Jean’s evidence_

28 Counsel for the appellant pointed to a number of alleged improbabilities in
Jean’s testimony. First, her inability to recall the actual duration of her
ordeal at the hands of the appellant. I did not find this to be persuasive. It
was perfectly reasonable for a victim undergoing such abuse not to be
conscious of the time. As for Jean’s failure to run away in Tampines Mall on
the evening of 13 July 2002, it would be unfair to speculate now, with the
benefit of hindsight, what Jean should have done in that situation. Given her
state of mind at that time, her explanation that she was afraid of being
accused of theft was perfectly plausible.

29 Many of the appellant’s arguments against Jean also challenged the most
minute of details, such as whether Jean’s shirt should have been torn if the
appellant had pulled her into the bathroom, and whether the appellant could
have knocked the ice out of the ice tray and separated them into cubes before
placing them in Jean’s underwear and forcing her to eat them. While the
appellant obviously wished to undermine the credibility of Jean’s evidence in
any way she could, this line of argument bordered on the absurd. For the
parties to debate over every single point that could ostensibly be challenged
would do nothing more than waste valuable court time and effort. As the
district judge had rightly noted, it was the material issues, and not the
minor details, that were crucial. To succeed before me, the appellant had to
raise significant questions to discredit Jean’s otherwise compelling evidence.

30 There were undoubtedly a number of discrepancies between Jean’s testimony
in court, her police report and the statement of claim in her civil suit.
However, they again concerned minor points such as whether Jean was pushed
from the front or behind at the shoe rack and whether she had been pushed to
the floor when she tried to stand up during the kneeling incident. While these
discrepancies did involve part of the sequence of abuse, I found that it would
be unreasonable to expect Jean to recall every single detail accurately. The
district judge was perfectly entitled to disregard these minor
inconsistencies, which did not detract from the value of the rest of Jean’s
testimony: _Chean_ _Siong Guat v PP_ [1969] 2 MLJ 63; _PP v Kalpanath Singh_
[1995] 3 SLR 564. After all, the court is entitled, for good and cogent
reasons, to accept one part of the testimony of a witness and to reject the
other: _PP v Datuk Haji Harun bin Haji Idris (No 2)_ [1977] 1 MLJ 15; _Ng Kwee
Leong v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 942.

31 In any case, neither the police report nor the statement of claim was
required to contain elaborate details of the abuse. The police report is
simply meant to provide information of a cognisable offence to the police, so
as to set the investigation in motion. The form of the report merely requires
“brief details including date, time and place at which the offence occurred”.
It clearly does not contemplate elaborate details of the alleged offence nor
the reproduction of the Prosecution’s entire case: _Tan Pin Seng v PP_ [1998]
1 SLR 418. Similarly, under O 18 r 7(1) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5,
1997 Rev Ed), the statement of claim in a civil action should only contain a
brief statement in summary form, of the material facts of the claim. Since
Jean was only required to provide a succinct outline of the events in these
two documents, omissions and minor discrepancies were only natural. Most
importantly, the police report and statement of claim actually substantiated
her testimony in court in the most material particulars. The main aspects of
the abuse and the sequence of events were broadly similar in all of Jean’s
accounts.

32 When it came down to the important details, Jean’s testimony never wavered.
In the circumstances, the district judge’s finding that Jean was a truthful
and credible witness was clearly borne out by the evidence. Although there
were opportunities for Jean to embellish her evidence to further incriminate
the appellant, she maintained with conviction the same account of events she
had given throughout. For example, she could have alleged that the appellant
had often physically abused her. Instead, she honestly insisted that the
incident was an isolated occurrence.

33 The injuries that Jean claimed to have suffered were also largely
corroborated by Dr Tan’s findings of injuries to her knees and the back of her
head. There were admittedly some portions of Jean’s evidence that were missing
from Dr Tan’s medical report. In particular, there was no mention that Jean
had hit her jaw after being pushed by the appellant, or that ice cubes were
placed in her underwear. Instead, according to Dr Tan’s report, Jean had told
him that the appellant slapped her, an allegation that was never made in
Jean’s testimony.

34 Although these were valid points, I noted that Dr Tan had conducted his
examination without the assistance of a trained interpreter. In court, Dr Tan
agreed that his record of Jean’s allegations was only as accurate as the
nurse’s translation, and he did not rule out the possibility that Jean’s
complaint of hitting her jaw could have been mistakenly translated as a slap
on the face. Bearing in mind the constraints faced by Dr Tan, and the skeletal
contents of his report, I was of the view that these apparent inconsistencies
did not detract from the overall credibility of Jean’s evidence.

_The appellant’s defence_

35 The appellant’s evidence was, on the other hand, simply too far-fetched to
be believed. When asked about her relationship with Jean prior to 13 July
2002, the appellant claimed that everything was going well and she even
treated Jean like a younger sister. Even on the afternoon of 13 July 2002, the
appellant insisted that she was not angry, only “a little unhappy”. This flies
in the face of the rest of the evidence. Michelle from the agency testified
that the appellant had sent Jean for counselling at least twice, and both
times Jean requested for a change in employer because of the appellant’s
regular scoldings. Her claim that she was not angry with Jean on 13 July 2002
is also contradicted by her own police statement, in which she clearly admits
to being “angry” and even “furious” with Jean. The picture of domestic bliss
painted by the appellant was contrived to say the least.

36 The appellant’s version of events was also inherently incredible. I could
not accept that Jean would deliberately hit her own head so hard against the
wall that it would cause the haematoma found by Dr Tan. Moreover, the
appellant’s suggestion that it was all part of Jean’s elaborate ploy to frame
her simply did not correspond with the rest of her evidence. The appellant
claimed that Jean had been happy to continue working for her and had only
decided to run away on the morning of 14 July 2002, after discovering that the
appellant was looking for a new maid. It made no sense for Jean to
deliberately injure herself on 13 July 2002 to frame the appellant if she only
decided to leave the appellant’s employment the next day.

37 Further, the appellant’s claim that Jean’s injury was deliberately self-
inflicted was obviously crucial to her defence. Yet, there was no mention of
this anywhere in the appellant’s police statement. When confronted with this
glaring discrepancy, the appellant tried to shift the blame onto Inspector
Johnny Chiang (“Insp Chiang”) who recorded the statement. She admitted that
her statement was given voluntarily, without any threat, inducement or
promise. However, she claimed that the discrepancies were a result of Insp
Chiang’s bias against her. Yet, the appellant could offer no reason to explain
Insp Chiang’s alleged prejudice against her.

38 The contents of her police statement also indicated that it was fairly and
accurately recorded. Although there were portions of the statement which were
incriminating when compared with her testimony in court, much of it was also
exculpatory. The appellant was given ample opportunity to read through the
statement and make any amendments she wished. Although she chose to give her
evidence in court with the aid of a Mandarin interpreter, she was a tuition
teacher who taught English, among other subjects. She was clearly aware of the
accusations she was facing, and also capable of reading and understanding the
implications of her statement. I found it inconceivable that she would have
signed the statement if it did indeed omit to mention a critical fact to her
defence.

_The evidence of the appellant’s husband and Mdm Ng_

39 The appellant also urged me to place greater weight on the evidence of her
husband as well as her mother, Mdm Ng. With regard to the appellant’s husband,
I found it obvious that he was tailoring his evidence to protect his wife.
Whenever he was questioned on issues that could possibly incriminate her, such
as whether she had told him that she had assaulted Jean, he professed either
indifference or forgetfulness. Yet, his memory became remarkably clear when it
came to other aspects of his testimony that supported the appellant’s version
of events.

40 Moreover, his testimony in court contained several material discrepancies
from his police statement. He also attributed these to the fault of Insp
Chiang. I found that his allegations against Insp Chiang were, like the
appellant’s, completely unsubstantiated. He must have known that his statement
would be used by the police in their investigation of his wife for maid abuse.
Given the gravity of the situation, I could not accept that he would have
signed the statement if it did not accurately reflect what he told Insp
Chiang.

41 In so far as Mdm Ng’s evidence was concerned, it was simply irrelevant to
the charges against the appellant. All Mdm Ng could say was that Jean had gone
to her flat to inform her that the appellant no longer wanted to keep her as a
maid. She was never in a position to provide any further evidence on the
alleged abuse and she certainly could not substantiate the appellant’s defence
in any material way.

_Conclusion_

42 In the circumstances, I found that there was no merit whatsoever in the
appeal against conviction. Jean’s evidence of the abuse was clear and
consistent in the most material particulars, while the appellant’s defence was
woefully unconvincing.

**_Appeal against sentence_**

43 Having found that the appellant was correctly convicted of the charges, I
turned to examine the appeal against the sentence imposed by the district
judge. The appellant’s main submission before me amounted to a bare statement
that the sentence was manifestly excessive.

44 The district judge had held that the only real mitigating factors here were
Jean’s relatively minor injuries and the lack of any established pattern of
abuse. Relying on my decision in _Chen Weixiong Jerriek v PP_ [2003] 2 SLR 334
(“ _Chen Weixiong_ ”), he reasoned that the appellant’s lack of antecedents
could not be considered a mitigating factor as she was convicted of no less
than seven offences.

45 In _Chen Weixiong_ , I had refused to consider the accused’s lack of prior
convictions as a serious mitigating factor as he was convicted of seven
different charges of robbery and voluntarily causing hurt. However, the facts
in _Chen Weixiong_ are materially different from those in the present appeal.
In _Chen Weixiong_ , the seven offences committed by the accused took place
over several days. No less than 38 other charges were also taken into
consideration for the purposes of sentencing which indicated that the only
reason the appellant had no prior convictions was because the law had not yet
caught up with him for his past misdeeds. In the present case, all seven
charges against the appellant related to a single incident and there were no
other charges taken into consideration. The exceptional aggravating
circumstances in _Chen Weixiong_ were clearly not present and I found that the
district judge ought to have considered the appellant’s lack of antecedents as
an additional mitigating factor.

46 This did not necessarily mean that the appeal against sentence would
succeed as a matter of course. The mitigating factors had to be balanced
against the aggravating factors. Our courts have consistently taken a harsh
stand on cases of maid abuse. I observed in _PP v Chong Siew Chin_ [2002] 1
SLR 117 at [40] and [43]:

[M]aids require additional protection because of their special circumstances.
…

…

Maid abuse usually takes place in the privacy of the home where offences are
hard to detect. … [A] deterrent sentence should be imposed to arrest the
rising trend of such offences. In addition, I noted that such disgraceful
conduct lowers Singapore’s international reputation and damages bilateral
relations with neighbouring countries.

47 A maid’s abased social status does not mean that she is any less of a human
being and any less protected by the law: _Farida Begam d/o Mohd Artham v PP_
[2001] 4 SLR 610. It is certainly not a licence for employers to vent their
frustration and anger on her: _Ho Yean Theng Jill v PP_ [2004] 1 SLR 254.
Taken together, the appellant’s offences constituted a protracted and
persistent sequence of cruel abuse. Not only did the appellant inflict
physical injuries on Jean, she also subjected her to humiliating and degrading
punishment. A custodial sentence was clearly warranted on the facts.

48 The sentencing norm for similar cases involving maid abuse where no serious
physical injury was caused, is one to six weeks’ imprisonment. In _PP v Chong
Siew Chin_ (_supra_ at [46]), the accused was sentenced to six weeks’
imprisonment for each of the three charges of voluntarily causing hurt for
slapping her maid three times. In _PP v Faridah bte Abdul Fatah_ Magistrate’s
Appeal No 225 of 2000 (unreported), the accused was sentenced to three weeks’
imprisonment for placing clothes pegs on her maid’s ears and pulling them off
one by one. In _Ng Chai Imm Evelyn v PP_ [2001] SGMC 37, the accused pleaded
guilty to two charges of kicking her maid’s buttocks and grabbing her neck and
pushing her. The accused was sentenced to one week’s imprisonment and three
weeks’ imprisonment on each of the charges respectively.

49 In light of these cases, the appellant could hardly argue that her sentence
of one week’s imprisonment on the charges of voluntarily causing hurt and
using criminal force were manifestly excessive. In fact, her sentence fell at
the lowest end of the sentencing range. Nonetheless, I chose not to disturb
the sentence on these charges since the district judge had failed to give
sufficient weight to the appellant’s lack of antecedents as a mitigating
factor.

50 As for the remaining charge of criminal intimidation, the appellant had
made a threat to cause death, which fell under the second limb of s 506 of the
PC. The maximum punishment is seven years’ imprisonment or a fine or both. The
district judge had sentenced the appellant to three months’ imprisonment,
following my decision in _Woon Salvacion Dalayon v PP_ [2003] 1 SLR 129. The
facts of the case were broadly similar to those in the present appeal. In that
case, the accused was convicted of threatening to kill three maids who were
recruited by her employment agency, and sentenced to six months’ imprisonment.
I lowered this sentence to three months’ imprisonment after taking into
account the fact that the threat was made in a fit of anger, no weapons were
used and the victims were not put in immediate fear of their lives. The same
considerations applied to the appellant’s threat here.

51 No doubt, the accused in _Woon Salvacion_ had threatened three victims,
whereas in the present appeal the appellant had directed her threat to Jean
alone. However, I did not find this to be a sufficient justification for
lowering the sentence against the appellant. In determining the appropriate
sentence to be passed, I had to consider the extent to which a serious threat
had been made. In determining this, both the intention of the maker of the
threat as well as the fear that the victim was put in, were of great
relevance: _Lee Yoke Choong v PP_ [1964] 1 MLJ 138 and _PP v Luan Yuanxin_
[2002] 2 SLR 98. Although the appellant, in all probability, did not seriously
intend to threaten Jean’s life, I had to balance this against the extremely
vulnerable position that Jean was in at the time. She was alone and
defenceless, and her fear would certainly have been exacerbated by the fact
that the threat was made immediately after the appellant had subjected her to
a series of humiliating abuse. Bearing in mind the usual tariff for a charge
under this limb of s 506 was a term of six months’ imprisonment, the
appellant’s sentence of three months’ imprisonment on this charge was clearly
not manifestly excessive.

52 As the appellant was convicted and sentenced to imprisonment for seven
distinct charges, the district judge was bound by s 18 of the Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) to order the sentences for at least two
of these offences to run consecutively. In this case, he ordered the sentences
in three of the seven offences to run consecutively. Taking into account the
appellant’s lack of remorse as well as the degrading abuse that she subjected
Jean to, I saw no reason to disturb this aspect of the district judge’s order.

**Conclusion**

53 For the reasons above, the appellant’s appeals against conviction and
sentence were dismissed.

Appeals against conviction and sentence dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jul 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

