Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Royal Global Exports Pte Ltd and Others v Good Stream Co Ltd and Another  
[2004] SGHC 174

Case Number | : | Adm in Per 218/2003, SIC 3608/2004, 3792/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 12 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  R Govintharasah (Gurbani and Co) for plaintiffs; Michael Lai and Ow Kim Kiat (Haq and Selvam) for first defendant; Loo Dip Seng and Mathiew Rajoo (Ang and Partners) for second defendant   
Parties | : |  Royal Global Exports Pte Ltd; Wood Craft International Pte Ltd; Pargan Singapore Pte Ltd; Murli Dhar Pandey Anil Kumar Mishra t/a Shree Ram Saw Mill; Shree Krishna Timber Co Pvt Ltd; Century Plyboards (India) Ltd; Binikom Products Pvt Ltd; Sri Balaji Logs Products Pvt Ltd — Good Stream Co Ltd; Trustrade Enterprises Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Production of documents – Whether appropriate for court to
grant plaintiffs' application for production of documents and cross-
examination of directors  
  
Injunctions – Mareva injunction – Variation of Mareva order – Applicable
principles  
  
Injunctions – Mareva injunction – Whether Mareva order should be varied to
allow first defendant to pay debts owing to second defendant out of insurance
proceeds – Whether debts bona fide incurred in ordinary course of business  
  

12 August 2004

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 On 22 August 2003, the plaintiffs, who are cargo interests, sued the first
defendant, Good Stream Co Ltd (“Good Stream”) as owner of the “Fortune
Carrier” and the second defendant, Trustrade Enterprises Pte Ltd (“Trustrade”)
as contracting carrier. The plaintiffs’ claim for damages arose from a total
loss of timber logs on board the “Fortune Carrier” when the vessel sank on 10
June 2003 in the Bay of Bengal during a voyage from Malaysia to Kolkota,
India. On 26 August 2003, the plaintiffs obtained _ex parte_ a Mareva
injunction of the proceeds of the vessel’s hull and machinery policy (“the
Mareva order”). On 15 January 2004, the plaintiffs successfully resisted the
defendants’ challenge to the _ex parte_ Mareva order.

2 On 2 July 2004, Trustrade applied for an order varying the Mareva order so
as to permit Good Stream to pay its debts to Trustrade out of the proceeds of
the hull and machinery policy. On 29 July 2004, I allowed Trustrade’s
application to vary the Mareva order. At the same time, I dismissed the
plaintiffs’ application filed on 13 July 2004 for production of documents and
cross-examination of Tio Kie Chwan (“TKC”) and Tio Wee Kun (“TWK”) on the
affidavits affirmed by each of them in these proceedings. The plaintiffs have
appealed against both orders. I now publish the reasons for my decision.

3 There is no objection in principle to a defendant being allowed to use
assets subject to the injunction if he satisfies the court that the purpose
for which he requires the assets does not conflict with the policy underlying
the Mareva jurisdiction. The rationale is that the plaintiffs cannot, by way
of the Mareva jurisdiction, obtain a preference over other creditors that they
do not otherwise have: see _K/S A/S Admiral Shipping v Portlink Ferries Ltd_
[1984] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 166.

4 In _Iraqi Ministry of Defence v Arcepey Shipping Co SA_ _(The “Angel Bell”)_
[1980] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 632, the defendant shipowner, a one-ship Panamanian
company, was indebted to a third party, Gillespie Brothers & Co Ltd
(“Gillespie”). Gillespie had advanced a sum of £270,000 to the defendant for
the purpose of buying ships, including the “Angel Bell”. The plaintiff cargo
owner brought an action against the defendant for loss of its cargo when the
“Angel Bell” sank. The plaintiff obtained a Mareva injunction, restraining the
defendant from disposing of any of its assets including the proceeds of the
policies. The proceeds of the policies were later paid to London brokers and
Gillespie applied for an order varying the Mareva injunction so as to permit
the brokers to pay Gillespie the amount of the loan due from the defendant to
Gillespie out of the proceeds of the policies. Robert Goff J varied the
injunction to enable the loan to be paid. After observing that it was not the
function of the court to rewrite the law of insolvency, Goff J continued at
636:

It is not to be forgotten that the plaintiffs’ claim may fail, or the damages
which he claims may prove to be inflated. Is he in the meanwhile, merely by
establishing a prima facie case, to preclude the bona fide payment of the
defendant’s debts? … It does not make commercial sense that a party claiming
unliquidated damages should, without himself proceeding to judgment, prevent
the defendant from using his assets to satisfy his debts as they fall due and
be put in the position of having to allow his creditors to proceed to judgment
with consequent loss of credit and of commercial standing.

5 The “Fortune Carrier” was insured for US$900,000. At the time of the
hearing, the insurance proceeds were still unpaid. Counsel for Good Stream, Mr
Michael Lai, informed the court that the insurance claim might be compromised
at 75% of the sum insured. It is common ground that Good Stream is a one-ship
company, and with the loss of the “Fortune Carrier” its only remaining asset
is the insurance money.

6 Trustrade is a management company. In their affidavit in support of the
application for the Mareva injunction, the plaintiffs recognised and referred
to Trustrade as the ship manager of the “Fortune Carrier”. Trustrade ordered
supplies, appointed the port agents and obtained cargoes for the “Fortune
Carrier” which was under its management. There was no written management
agreement, but Trustrade as ship manager was given the role of collecting
freight on Good Steam’s behalf. At all material times, Trustrade maintained a
running account for the trading activities of the “Fortune Carrier” with
moneys owing to Trustrade being deducted from the freight receipts. The
arrangement is consistent with Trustrade’s authority to operate and manage the
vessel for the account of Good Stream. Freight receipts up to the time of the
casualty were not enough to meet the total debts of Good Stream. Consequently,
Trustrade sought payment from Good Stream.

7 Counsel for Trustrade, Mr Loo Dip Seng, argued that the Mareva order should
not preclude the _bona fide_ payment of Good Stream’s debts incurred on its
account in connection with the purchase and operation the vessel. Trustrade
was entitled to the moneys owed in “the ordinary course of business”. The
amount due is S$1,099,836.29 plus interest on a US$300,000 loan from Pacific
Timor Shipping Agency Pte Ltd (“Pacific Timor”). At the hearing, Good Stream
accepted its obligation to discharge its indebtedness to Trustrade and
conceded that, upon receipt of the insurance proceeds, it would have to pay up
but for the Mareva order. There was no question of Good Stream having other
funds from which payment of its debts might be made. The only remaining asset
would be considerably depleted or even exhausted if Trustrade succeeded in its
application.

8 The plaintiffs’ counsel, Mr R Govintharasah, pointed out that no application
was made in the ten months that had lapsed since the injunction was granted.
The _bona fides_ of the debts were put in issue because of the close
relationship or links between Good Stream and Trustrade. In short, the
plaintiffs were suspicious that the application for payment out was nothing
more than a disguise to dissipate the insurance proceeds to avoid the
plaintiffs’ claims. A cross-examination of TKC and TWK would elicit the
relationship between Good Stream and Trustrade. Contrary to counsel’s
suggestion, it was unnecessary that the application to vary the Mareva order
should be held over until after the disposal of the second application. I
heard both applications together.

9 TWK, a director of Trustrade deposed to the fact that after Good Stream’s
acquisition of the “Fortune Carrier” she was employed on two voyages. The
first voyage was in April 2003. The casualty happened during the third voyage.
Expenses for all these voyages were incurred on account of Good Stream. TWK
also deposed to the fact that Trustrade drew on its overdraft facility with
United Overseas Bank Ltd (“UOB”) for the vessel’s trade activities. In October
2003, UOB reduced the overdraft facility from S$1.1m to S$600,000. Trustrade
was required to clear the indebtedness of S$1.05m as at 22 October 2003 to
below the new overdraft limit of S$600,000. Accordingly, the company borrowed
US$300,000 from a related company, Pacific Timor, which in turn obtained
financing from UOB. The UOB loan was directly disbursed on 27 October 2003 to
Trustrade. Besides documents from Pacific Timor, contemporaneous bank
statements bear out these transactions.

10 As at the end of March 2004, the overdraft facility was limited to
S$600,000 and Trustrade was indebted to the bank in the sum of S$582,225.12.
On 12 May 2004, UOB terminated with immediate effect the overdraft facility. A
sum of S$605,073.97 was owing to the bank as at 12 May 2004. On the same day,
UOB also terminated the overdraft facility of US$300,000 to Pacific Timor.
Consequently, the Pacific Timor loan and interest thereon also had to be
repaid.

11 On 21 May 2004, M/s Ang & Partners wrote to M/s Gurbani & Co to seek the
plaintiffs’ agreement to vary the Mareva order. M/s Gurbani & Co requested
supporting documents and they were forwarded on 4 June 2004. When no positive
response was forthcoming, Trustrade filed the application to vary the Mareva
order on 2 July 2004. It was served on the plaintiffs on 5 July 2004. A day
before the hearing on 14 July 2004, the plaintiffs filed their application.

12 Without doubt, Trustrade’s lenders had demanded repayment of the loans. The
bank’s actions in May 2004 served to explain Trustrade’s application for
variation of the Mareva order on 2 July 2004. As both loans are ultimately
payable to UOB, Trustrade had asked for an order that the insurers pay the
insurance proceeds directly to UOB to discharge the loans. UOB had initially
granted Trustade up to 26 July 2004 to discharge the indebtedness. Since then,
UOB has agreed to a further extension of six weeks.

13 Mr Loo prepared a table showing the purchase price of the vessel and the
operating expenses of the vessel. Those came to S$1,940,988.40. After
deducting freight collected in the sum of S$841,152.11, the net amount owing
by Good Stream to Trustrade was S$1,099,836.29. In the interests of time, Mr
Loo limited his submissions to a number of sample cases (undisputedly
operational in nature) sufficient to establish the pattern of the various
operating expenses. Notably, the bulk of all payments was made to third
parties. Significantly, the bulk of the operating expenses was for crew wages,
bunkers, deck stores, hull and machinery premium, protection and indemnity (“P
& I”) cover and port agents’ disbursements. In addition, there were expenses
related to post-casualty activities like payment of wages and repatriation of
crew, and the fees of loss adjusters, surveyors and lawyers; these expenses
were grouped under the heading “manager’s disbursements”. Exhibited in the
affidavit of TWK were many supporting documents from third parties.
Trustrade’s claim for its management fee totalling S$59,768.75 and freight
commission of S$20,907.03 was relatively unsubstantial in comparison with the
entire indebtedness. I did not consider the two claims to be dubious or
excessive.

14 At one stage, Mr Govintharasah was minded to argue that there was no debtor
and creditor relationship between Good Stream and Trustrade in that the third
party debts were incurred not on account of Good Stream but for itself as
principal. Counsel in his affidavit in support of the plaintiffs’ application
for cross-examination alleged that Good Steam was a nominee, a shell company
in the stable of companies controlled by TKC and his family. In a later
paragraph, he boldly asserted that Good Stream was the nominee one-ship
company of Trustrade. In order to mount the argument that Trustrade was the
true principal or alter ego of Good Stream, he had to persuade me to reject
Good Stream as the owner of the vessel and the whole of TWK’s evidence
concerning Trustrade’s relationship with Good Stream as ship manager, when
such a course plainly contradicted the writ of summons and the plaintiffs’ own
case repeated in the affidavit of Yeoh Jye Chye filed in support of the _ex
parte_ application for a Mareva injunction.

15 I therefore asked counsel for clarification as his argument would change
drastically the plaintiffs’ whole case. Was he saying that Good Stream was a
“mere façade” concealing the true facts? Was he trying to show that the
business of Good Stream was to be treated as Trustrade’s business by lifting
the corporate veil? The cases in which the veil has been lifted are generally
ones where the company is being used as a means of shifting responsibility
from the person (company or individual) who would otherwise be liable or might
reasonably be expected to be liable. That element is absent in this case. The
fact that Good Stream is a one-ship company is not determinative. In any case,
a one-ship company is generally an accepted way of owning a ship and doing
business in the shipping world. It is also a common feature that managers are
engaged by the shipowner to carry on the business of the shipping company.

16 Seeing these difficulties, counsel for the plaintiffs backtracked and
raised a “fall-back” argument. The plaintiffs, he argued, wanted to know who
were the persons behind Good Stream. The “eye of equity” could look behind
without lifting or piercing the corporate veil. He explained that the
plaintiffs were not saying that the sale of the vessel from the previous
owner, Indo Asia Maritime Ltd (“Indo Asia”) to Good Stream was a sham.
However, they were not prepared to accept, at face value, the arrangement
contained in the memorandum of agreement dated 3 March 2003 (“the MOA”). The
plaintiffs were suspicious of its genuineness as the MOA was not mentioned or
alluded to at the outset when the defendants tried to set aside the
injunction. Indo Asia and Trustrade had some common directors and
shareholders. TKC was the managing director of Trustade and Indo Asia and the
major shareholder of both companies. Good Stream, Trustrade, Indo Asia and
Pacific Timor appeared to the plaintiffs to be controlled and managed by TKC
and his family. In these circumstances, TWK’s assertions of debts owing by one
company to another related company could not be accepted at face value. They
had to be verified by a cross-examination of TKC and TWK. Furthermore, the
payments made by Trustrade to third parties in relation to Good Stream also
had to be scrutinised, as they appeared to be working capital invested by
Trustrade in Good Stream as its nominee shell company. Good Stream did not
carry out any operations on its own and did not have capital of its own.
Besides, UOB’s letters recalling the overdraft facilities were copied to TKC,
TWK and Mah Say Hua, presumably as guarantors, and they each had a personal
interest in Trustrade’s application.

17 Counsel cited _Atlas Maritime Co SA v Avalon Maritime Ltd_ [1991] 1 Lloyd’s
Rep 563 in support of the plaintiffs’ stance. The case concerned a parent
company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, the defendant, a one-ship company.
The defendant, Avalon, purchased and operated the vessel the “Coral Rose” with
money obtained from its parent company, Marc Rich. The defendant applied to
court to vary the injunction so that it could transfer money to its parent in
order to pay the debt. It was held, lifting the corporate veil without
piercing it, that the court would examine the commercial reality. On doing so,
it was perceived that the “debt” was not an ordinary business debt but the
entire trading capital of the defendant, through which the parent was trying
to achieve its own commercial aims. Marc Rich had declined to buy the vessel
in its own name but agreed to advance sufficient funds to Avalon, which had
been purchased for this purpose by a subsidiary of Marc Rich. The purposes of
the scheme were to reduce the incidence of taxation and avoid the risk of
liability that Marc Rich might be exposed to in the course of trading with the
vessel. The English Court of Appeal was of the view that the money owed to the
parent company as sole beneficial owner of the defendant was not a debt
incurred in the course of ordinary routine trading but represented moneys
advanced as trading capital. The two important factors that Staughton LJ
considered determinative of the application to vary were Marc Rich’s status as
the ultimate parent company of the defendant and that the debt was in the
nature of loan capital: _Atlas Maritime_ , at 572. On that basis, the
application was refused.

18 _Atlas Maritime Co SA v Avalon Maritime Ltd_ is distinguishable on the
facts. The “eye of equity” would look behind the corporate veil in order to do
justice as the character of a company or the nature of the person controlling
it was relevant. The situation here is appreciably different, in the sense
that even if the same people were behind Good Stream and Trustrade it would
not matter. First, a significant undisputed fact is that Trustrade was at all
material times the ship manager of the “Fortune Carrier”. Second, equally
important is the fact that the ownership of the “Fortune Carrier” was never
disputed. It was not the plaintiffs’ case that Good Stream was a mere nominee
in order to pin liability on Trustrade. That is not an argument they will want
to pursue for the sake of the hull proceeds, which belonged to Good Stream.
Third, the plaintiffs sued two parties, Good Stream and Trustrade. Trustrade
was sued as “contracting carrier” in these proceedings because Trustrade
issued the bills of lading as “carrier”. For the same reasons, cross-
examination of TKC and TWK, including discovery and production of the
documents the plaintiffs sought, are quite unnecessary.

19 TWK deposed that in March 2003 Good Stream contracted to purchase the
“Fortune Trader” which was renamed “Fortune Carrier” after the sale. Ownership
was transferred to Good Stream on 1 April 2003. At the time of the sale, the
vessel under previous ownership was already indebted to Trustrade in the sum
of S$927,893.84 for the trade activities of the vessel that was under
Trustrade’s management. The plaintiffs had previously conceded that Trustrade
was “the [manager] and [operator] of the vessel all along under the previous
owner as well as under the present owner”. Financially, Indo Asia was in no
position to settle this indebtedness. Indo Asia agreed to sell the “Fortune
Trader” and use the sale proceeds to pay Trustrade. The arrangement was for
the sale proceeds to flow directly from Good Stream to Trustrade. Good Stream
was to mortgage the vessel to finance part of the purchase. The mortgage was
to be for S$600,000. This S$600,000 would go towards discharging Indo Asia’s
indebtedness to Trustrade. The balance sum of S$325,000 was to be paid to
Trustrade in monthly instalments of S$5,000 till full payment was received.
The vessel sank before the mortgage could be put into place.

20 Mr Govintharasah submitted that TWK should be disbelieved on her affidavit
evidence because of the inconsistent reasons TKC and TWK had given for the
sale of the vessel. In my view, there is no inconsistency. TKC in his
affidavit of 8 October 2003 was explaining the reason for the company’s
decision to register “Fortune Carrier” under the Belize flag as opposed to
keeping her on the Singapore register. On the other hand, TWK was talking
about Indo Asia’s reason for selling the vessel to repay money owed to
Trustrade. They were each referring to different points in time and events.

21 Mr Loo referred me to _Bakarim v Victoria P Shipping Co Ltd (The
“Tatiangela”)_ [1980] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 193. In that case, the chairman and chief
executive of the defendant, Mr Pefanis, advanced money to the defendant for
the purchase of the vessel “Tatiangela”. The vessel became the subject of a
salvage claim and required extensive repairs. Mr Pefanis paid for some of the
repairs, but as a considerable amount was still outstanding, finance was
obtained from the Commercial Bank of the Near East Ltd. Almost two years
later, in January 1979, the vessel sustained a major casualty. There was an
explosion and fire in the engine room after which the “Tatiangela” sank and
the plaintiffs’ cargo of coffee was lost. The plaintiffs obtained a Mareva
injunction of the proceeds. The bank brought an application to vary the
injunction so as to permit it to receive the hull proceeds and apply them in
satisfaction of the amounts owing to the bank on the current accounts of the
defendant and Mr Pefanis respectively. The bank loan was US$350,000, secured
as to US$150,000 by a mortgage on the vessel and as to US$200,000 on a current
account with Mr Pefanis personally. In addition, the defendant guaranteed
payment of the indebtedness of Mr Pefanis under the current account agreement.
The loan of US$200,000 was for financing part of the purchase of the vessel,
repairs and improvements. Parker J allowed the bank’s application since the
overdraft on Mr Pefanis’ account was for the benefit of the defendants. The
payment was _bona fide_ as the defendant’s potential liability for Mr Pefanis’
overdraft preceded the plaintiff’s claim.

22 Likewise, the overdraft facility in this case was used for the benefit of
Good Stream and the bulk of the indebtedness was incurred before the
plaintiffs’ claim. Trustrade had an equitable charge of the vessel until it
received S$925,000 in full discharge of the indebtedness. Above all, freight
collected was utilised to set off amounts owing to Trustrade. In my view, the
equitable charge of the vessel and deduction of freight are features that are
consistent with a loan rather than the notion of a capital investment in Good
Stream argued for by Mr Govintharasah.

23 The second case relied on by Mr Govintharasah is _Canadian Pacific
(Bermuda) Ltd v Nederkoorn Pte Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR 659. Goh Joon Seng J refused
to vary a Mareva injunction to allow the first defendants to reimburse the
freight Tamar Shipping (Bermuda) Ltd (“Tamar”) had paid on behalf of the first
defendants who were unable to pay the disponent shipowner because of the
injunction. Goh J was not satisfied that the purpose for the variation was to
meet a payment that should be made in the ordinary course of the first
defendants’ business. A concern there was that the principal shareholder of
Tamar and the first defendants was Robin Nederkoorn who was the second
defendant in the action.

24 Every case has to be dealt with on its merits. Goh J’s concerns do not
arise here since TKC and TWC are not defendants in these proceedings. As
stated, it is not the plaintiffs’ case that Good Stream is Trustrade’s nominee
so as to pin liability on Trustrade. In the context of the Mareva
jurisdiction, the close relationship or links between entities is a factor
inviting the eye of equity to probe further into the matter. Where there is
such a relationship or link, “the court should have a healthy scepticism in
dealing with parties to whom the Mareva injunctions applied”: see _Campbell
Mussels v Thompson_ (1985) 81 LS Gaz 2140, cited in Iain S Goldrein _et al_ ,
_Commercial Litigation: Pre-Emptive Remedies_ (4th Ed, 2003) at para A2-227.
But so long as the applicant seeking to vary a Mareva injunction satisfies the
court by full disclosure of its needs and that there is no ulterior motive
involved in the sense that the purpose for which the applicant requires the
use of asset does not conflict with the Mareva jurisdiction, there is no
reason not to grant the variation: Goldrein, at para A2-228.

25 In the overall circumstances, I am satisfied that the proposed payment is
not for a disguised purpose to frustrate the objective of the Mareva order by
depleting the fund available to satisfy such judgment as the claimant may
ultimately obtain against the defendants. I was persuaded as to the _bona
fides_ of the Good Stream’s debts and that proposed payment out of the hull
proceeds to discharge Good Stream’s indebtedness to Trustrade would be a _bona
fide_ payment in the course of Good Stream’s business.

26 There is another point. The Mareva order was directed at both defendants.
Trustrade was enjoined not to deal with the insurance proceeds. In granting
Trustrade’s application, I considered and applied the principle that the
Mareva injunction should not inflict hardship on the defendants, and if it did
their legitimate interests must prevail over those of the plaintiffs who are
not judgment creditors. The evidence is that Trustrade is being pressed by its
lenders to clear the UOB loans and Trustrade should not be put in the position
of having to allow its creditors to proceed to judgment. The order sought is
for release of hull proceeds by the insurers directly to UOB to pay off the
loans without passing first into the hands of Good Stream, Trustrade or
Pacific Timor. Goff J’s comments in _The “Angel Bell”_ , [4] _supra_ , at 637,
are apposite:

A reputable businessman who has received a loan from another person is likely
to regard it as dishonourable, if not dishonest, not to repay that loan even
if the enforcement of the loan is technically illegal by virtue of the
Moneylenders Acts. All the interveners are asking is that the defendants
should be free to repay such a loan if they think fit to do so, not that the
loan transaction should be enforced. For a defendant to be free to repay a
loan in such circumstances is not inconsistent with the policy underlying the
_Mareva_ jurisdiction. He is not in such circumstances seeking to avoid his
responsibilities to the plaintiff if the latter should ultimately obtain a
judgment; on the contrary, he is seeking in good faith to make payments which
he considers he should make in the ordinary course of business. I cannot see
that the _Mareva_ jurisdiction should be allowed to prevent such a payment. To
allow it to do so would be to stretch it beyond its original purpose so that
instead of preventing abuse it would rather prevent businessmen conducting
their business as they are entitled to do.

27 For these reasons, I allowed the second defendant’s application with costs
fixed at S$8,000. As a corollary to my decision, I dismissed the plaintiffs’
application with costs fixed at S$800.

Plaintiffs’ application dismissed; second defendant’s application allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 12 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

