Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Eastern Pretech Pte Ltd v Kin Lin Builders Pte Ltd  
[2004] SGHC 195

Case Number | : | CWU 103/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Sim Chee Siong, Edwin Lee and Kirindeep Singh (Rajah and Tann) for applicant / petitioning creditor; Tang Yock Miin (Gurbani and Co) for supporting creditor (substitute petitioning creditor) Eastern Pretech Pte Ltd; Troy Yeo (K K Yap and Partners) and Ratanesh Bal (Straits Law Practice LLC) for respondent / debtor and for the contributories Jong Huen Shin and Chin Choon Long; L Dason (Khoo Ng and Partners) for supporting creditors Rongde Metal Construction and S and T Construction Pte Ltd; Lee Hwai Bin and Ian de Vaz (Wong Partnership) for creditor Bintai Kindenko Pte Ltd; Chia Ho Choon (Khattar Wong and Partners) for supporting creditor BlueScope Lysaght (S) Pte Ltd; Martin F Decruz (Ang and Lee) for supporting creditor Bored Piling (S) Pte Ltd; Andrew Ang and Allister Lim Wee Sing (PK Wong and Associates LLC) for liquidator Deloitte and Touche; Toh Hwee Lian for Official Receiver   
Parties | : |  Eastern Pretech Pte Ltd — Kin Lin Builders Pte Ltd   
  
Companies – Winding up – Whether winding up order to be set aside where
company intended to file application for scheme of arrangement.  
  
Companies – Winding up – Whether to allow substitution of petitioning
creditor.  
  

3 September 2004

Andrew Ang JC:

1 This originated as a winding up petition filed by Ligent Engineering Pte Ltd
(“the petitioning creditor”) to whom Kin Lin Builders Pte Ltd (“the Company”)
owed $18,000 arising from dishonoured cheques issued by the Company to the
petitioning creditor. A statutory demand had been served on the Company at its
registered office on 21 April 2004 and the Company had failed to meet the
demand.

2 At the hearing of the Winding Up Petition on 18 June 2004, counsel for the
Company sought an adjournment saying that the debt was disputed and that the
Company would be filing a counterclaim but that there were voluminous papers
he had to go through which he had received only three days earlier. No
affidavit had been filed to oppose the petition. The application to adjourn
was opposed by counsel for the petitioning creditor who asserted that counsel
for the Company had been acting since 24 May 2004 and that the alleged
counterclaim was not _bona fide_. I noted that there were supporting creditors
so that even if the debt owed to the petitioning creditor was disputed on
substantial grounds, the Company would still be faced with other creditors,
including a judgment creditor. The response of counsel for the Company was
that it was seeking to set aside the default judgment. In the absence of a
substantial defence or cross-claim and being of the view that the application
for adjournment was only to delay the winding up, I ordered that the Company
be wound up.

3 Counsel for the Company then wrote in for further arguments and took out an
application in Summons in Chambers No 3422 of 2004 which, amongst other
things, sought leave of court to add two shareholders of the Company in the
proceedings to oppose the winding up. At the hearing (on 25 June 2004) leave
was granted for the two shareholders to appear. In his affidavit filed on 23
June 2004, in support of the summons in chambers application, Jong Huen Shin
(“Jong”) (a director and shareholder of the Company) deposed that the Company
would be seeking, within a week, to apply for a judicial management order with
a view to proposing a scheme of arrangement. He also painted a rosy picture
saying that the Company expected “another $2m to come in from completed
projects and on-coming projects within the next three to six months”. He also
contended that two of the biggest creditors of the Company, Bintai Kindenko
Pte Ltd (“Bintai”) (which was owed more than $1m) and Eastern Pretech Pte Ltd
(“Eastern”) (which was owed $1.5m) had not opposed an adjournment at the first
hearing, in order for a scheme of arrangement to be proposed. As regards the
debt owed to the petitioning creditor, he deposed that he would use his own
funds to settle the debt.

4 Respective counsel for the creditors wanted a clearer picture of what the
prospective scheme of arrangement would offer them so that their clients could
make an informed decision. Thus, for example, if the petitioning creditor was
indeed paid off, the supporting creditors would have to decide whether any of
them would be prepared to step in as a substitute petitioning creditor. For
this reason, by consent, the hearing of further arguments was adjourned to 7
July 2004. Meanwhile, I made an order under s 279(1) of the Companies Act (Cap
50, 1994 Rev Ed) staying all proceedings in relation to the winding up until
the hearing on 7 July 2004, save and except that all parties were to be at
liberty to file affidavits for the hearing.

5 By the date of the hearing on 7 July 2004, no further information had been
furnished by the Company. However, counsel for the Company sought a further
adjournment by consent and informed the court that it intended to file an
application for a scheme of arrangement. As there was doubt whether the scheme
of arrangement could be applied for while the winding up order was extant, I
directed that the Company instead file an affidavit appending the papers that
would be filed in the application for a scheme of arrangement were the winding
up order to be set aside. This was so that the creditors would indeed have a
preview of what the scheme of arrangement would offer. It created no hardship
on the Company as its counsel had informed the court that papers for an
application for a scheme of arrangement were in fact ready. The same day, Jong
filed an affidavit appending the scheme of arrangement papers. (These papers
included an affidavit by Jong filed earlier on 29 June 2004 in anticipation of
a scheme of arrangement being applied for.)

6 At the hearing on 21 July 2004, having meanwhile been served Jong’s
affidavit of 7 July 2004, the creditors represented at the hearing informed
the court that they would not support the proposed scheme of arrangement.
These creditors included the major creditors Eastern and Bintai earlier
referred to. A count was taken of the debts owed to the supporting creditors
and the percentage of the Company’s total unsecured debts that they
represented. Both on a gross and net basis, the supporting creditors exceeded
25% of the unsecured creditors. (It was necessary to consider both bases
because the Company had alleged that it had valid counterclaims against
certain of the creditors. On the assumption that this was true, the debts owed
to the respective creditors had to be reduced by the amount of the
counterclaim against them.) This meant that if the scheme of arrangement were
to be put to the vote at a meeting of creditors pursuant to s 210 of the
Companies Act, it would certainly be defeated. This would be the case even if
we were to assume that _all_ other unsecured creditors were to vote in favour
of the scheme of arrangement. In truth, the Company only managed to persuade a
minority of creditors to sign a standard letter prepared by the Company
stating that they “would like to consider the Company’s proposal for
repayment”. (I note that Jong disingenuously contended in para 11 of his
affidavit of 20 July 2004 that “a great majority of the creditors are
supportive of the application for the scheme of arrangement and this includes
small and big amounts”. I totalled up the debts said to be owing to those
creditors who had signed the Company’s standard letter indicating that they
“would like to consider the Company’s proposal for repayment”. In so doing, I
discovered that the amounts shown as owing were in many instances
substantially inflated when compared with the amounts listed as owing to them
in exhibit JHS-4 referred to in Jong’s affidavit of 29 June 2004. (To complete
the picture, in a couple of them the amount was understated; but overall there
was a substantial overstatement of the amounts alleged to be owing.) Be that
as it may, even assuming the amounts in the letter to be correct, the debts
owed to these creditors were certainly a minority and far from the requisite
majority of creditors to whom 75% of the unsecured debts must be owed.)

7 It was therefore clear that there was no reason for the court to set aside
the winding up order. The petitioning creditor meanwhile having received a
cheque for the debt of $18,000, Eastern applied to be substituted as
petitioning creditor, an affidavit for this purpose having been filed on its
behalf. This was opposed by counsel for the Company on the basis that Eastern
was bound by an agreement with the Company to support the scheme of
arrangement. An affidavit of Jong filed on the eve of the hearing exhibited
correspondence passing between their respective solicitors. Upon review of the
correspondence, I ruled that Eastern had only agreed to “consider” the scheme
of arrangement. It could not have agreed to be bound by a scheme of
arrangement _in vacuo_. Having since received Jong’s affidavit of 7 July 2004
setting out the details of the scheme of arrangement and, presumably having
considered the same, Eastern was well entitled to decline to support it. I
therefore gave leave for the original petitioning creditor to withdraw and
allowed the substitution.

8 I took into account the following:

(a) That the Company was undoubtedly insolvent. (The sorry financial state of
the Company can be clearly seen from Jong’s own affidavit of 29 June 2004
appended to his affidavit of 7 July 2004. In para 20 thereof, he admitted that
the Company was unable to meet its liabilities as and when they fell due and
that its total liabilities as disclosed in the management accounts exceeded
$11m. In para 26, he again deposed that “in view of the Company’s financial
situation, the Company is unable to meet its payments as and when they fall
due” and further disclosed that the Company faced “a litany of legal actions”.
Paragraph 22 deposed that 22 legal actions had been commenced against the
Company (although the Company had counterclaims against same) and a further 35
parties had sent letters of demand.)

(b) That despite the original petitioning creditor having been paid,
supporting creditors sought the winding up of the Company and not a single
creditor made any argument in opposition. This was despite the fact that the
scheme of arrangement promised a payment (on a best case basis) of up to 50
cents in the dollar if the scheme of arrangement succeeded, as against 3.4
cents in the dollar on a winding up. Obviously, the creditors did not believe
the rosy prognostications of the Company’s managing director, Jong. Without
their support, there was no prospect of the scheme of arrangement succeeding.
Parenthetically, I should add that it was not surprising that the creditors
disbelieved Jong. He had made statements in his affidavit of 23 June 2004
which were clearly untrue and in respect of which, by my direction, he had to
file a later affidavit (affirmed on 20 July 2004) seeking to expunge or
correct the offending statements.

(c) That allowing the Company to drag on, defending the numerous suits against
it, and to seek in vain to enter into a scheme of arrangement, would fritter
away the scant financial resources of the Company at the expense of creditors.

9 In exercise of my discretion, I therefore declined to set aside the winding
up order which I had made at the first hearing on 18 June 2004. I also lifted
the stay order under s 279(1) of the Companies Act which I had made at the
second hearing on 25 June 2004 but ordered that the winding up order not be
extracted until after the substitute petitioning creditor had filed papers in
connection with the substitution, such filing to be done within seven days. I
also ordered that the original and substitute petitioning creditors’ costs be
taxed and paid out of the assets of the Company.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

