Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Full Fledge Holdings Ltd v Wisanggeni Lauw  
[2004] SGHC 141

Case Number | : | Suit 1341/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 June 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vinodh S Coomaraswamy and Chua Sui Tong (Shook Lin and Bok) for plaintiff; Tan Lee Cheng and Yeo Yen Ping (Harry Elias Partnership) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Full Fledge Holdings Ltd — Wisanggeni Lauw   
  
Contract – Formation – Agreement not in writing – Dispute between parties
concerning exact terms of agreement – Whether it was agreed that one party had
an obligation to transfer shares.  
  

30 June 2004  |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 This case would not be necessary if the parties had put their agreements
into writing or engaged lawyers to do it for them. They were involved in a
substantial project to acquire a listed company by a reverse takeover, and to
raise funds for the exercise. Most of their agreements and dealings were not
recorded. When matters came to a head, they disagreed on the terms of the
agreements they had between them and the actions they had taken.

2 The plaintiff, Full Fledge Holdings Ltd, is a company registered in
Mauritius. Kang Hwi Wah (“Kang”) is the sole beneficial owner of the
plaintiff. In their dealings, the parties made little distinction between the
plaintiff and Kang. Kang is a veteran in Singapore corporate circles and was
in control of a listed company. However, he has little formal education,
having received primary school education in the Chinese stream. His knowledge
of the English language is limited, and he requires an employee to interpret
and write English documents for him.

3 The defendant, Wisanggeni Lauw, is an Indonesian with business interests in
Indonesia, Singapore, Hong Kong and China. He holds a Bachelor of Science
degree from Syracuse University in New York, and had worked for about ten
years in America before he returned to Indonesia. He controls an Indonesian
company with a concession to a forest plantation in South Kalimantan which was
to be developed into a pulp mill.

4 The defendant wanted to use a Singapore listed company to hold that
business. His plan was to acquire a Singapore listed company through a reverse
takeover, by injecting the business into it. In mid-2000, the defendant came
to know Kang as someone who could assist him achieve his plan. They agreed
that Kang would be rewarded for his assistance once the takeover was
accomplished.

5 They did not record their agreement, and their recollection of the terms
agreed upon were at variance. The parties took different positions on the
terms of the agreement. The plaintiff’s case is that the agreement was that:

(a) Kang was to assist the defendant to identify a suitable company to take
over;

(b) Kang was to procure or arrange for the injection of funds “of about US$5.0
million” to facilitate the acquisition of the company; and

(c) upon the completion of the acquisition, the defendant was to transfer
57,630,000 new shares in the acquired company to Kang’s sharebroker.

6 The defendant’s case is that they had agreed that:

(a) Kang was to advance to the defendant US$10m to US$15m, with the first
US$5m to be advanced within a few days, and the balance to be paid later; and

(b) the defendant would pay Kang 57,630,000 shares in the acquired company for
the sum advanced.

7 After Poh Lian Holdings Ltd (“PLHL”) was identified as a target for
acquisition, there were some written records of the acquisition and the
promised reward. The plaintiff sent the defendant a letter dated 25 September
2000:

_ACQUISITION OF AN EQUITY STAKE IN POH LIAN HOLDINGS LTD,. SINGAPORE (“PLHL”)_

We refer to our discussions in respect of your proposed acquisition of an
equity stake in PLHL.

For the purpose of your aforesaid acquisition, we have, at your request, to-
date injected into your Indonesian timber projects with total cash value
consideration of S$22 million.

As discussed and agreed, you will, upon your successful acquisition of an
equity interest in PLHL, make forthwith the necessary arrangements to repay to
me the aforesaid sum of S$22 million. To this effect and as agreed, you will
upon the aforesaid acquisition, transfer 57,630,000 new PLHL shares to our
share broker (name of our broking house and account number will be inform to
you [_sic_] in writing in due course).

Unless the context requires otherwise, the expression “you” or “your” shall
include your nominee/s as you may so choose to appoint.

For good order sake, kindly sign the duplicate copy of this letter to signify
[your] agreement to the above.

…

8 This was followed by another letter from the plaintiff dated 3 October 2000:

**ACQUISITION OF AN EQUITY STAKE IN POH LIAN HOLDINGS LTD,. SINGAPORE
(“PLHL”)**

We refer to our discussions in respect of your proposed acquisition of an
equity stake in PLHL.

For the purpose of your aforesaid acquisition, we have, at your request, to-
date injected capital funds into your Indonesian Projects.

In consideration thereof, and as discussed and agreed, you will upon your
successful acquisition of an equity interest in PLHL make forthwith the
necessary arrangements to repay to us the aforesaid consideration. To this
effect and as agreed, you will upon the aforesaid acquisition, transfer
57,630,000 new PLHL shares to our share broker. We shall inform you in writing
the name of our share broking house and account number in due course.

Unless the context requires otherwise, the expression “you” or “your” shall
include your nominee/s as you may so choose to appoint.

For good order sake, kindly sign the duplicate copy of this letter to signify
your agreement to the above.

This letter supercedes our earlier letter of 25 September 2000.

…

Both letters were signed by Kang, and the defendant signed on the second
letter to confirm his agreement.

9 Subsequent to these letters, the following developments took place:

(a) in or around December 2000, the defendant obtained loans totalling to $12m
from:

(i) China Construction (South Pacific) Development Co Ltd;

(ii) a group represented by Douglas Ong; and

(iii) Lucas Ang Kadjaja.

Kang asserted that the three loans were arranged by him. The defendant only
admitted to Kang’s role in securing the third loan but maintained that Kang
was acting in his personal capacity; and

(b) in or about April 2002, PLHL was acquired by a reverse takeover, and its
name was changed to United Fiber System Ltd (“UFS”).

10 On 28 June 2002, the defendant went to the Fullerton Hotel to sign some
documents and to meet with Kang. At this meeting, Kang delivered to him the
plaintiff’s letter signed by Kang:

We refer to our letter of 3 October 2000 in which you confirm your agreement
to transfer certain number of new Poh Lian Holding Ltd (“PLHL”) shares to us
at the designated accounts which we may so instruct you.

We now confirm our instruction that you are to transfer the following numbers
of new Poh Lian Holdings Ltd shares to the Banks as listed below in favour of
the respective accounts.

**_  
No. of new PLHL_****  
_shares_** |  **Transfer to  
_(name of Banks)_** |  **PLHL shares as  
_collateral in favour of_**  
---|---|---  
a) 30,000,000 shares |  Malayan Banking Berhad Raffles Place, Singapore |  \- Alps Investments Pte Ltd  
\- Conic Heavy Equipment Pte Ltd  
\- Victory Electronic Pte Ltd  
\- Eurocar Pte Ltd  
b) 10,625,000 shares |  Bank of China  
North-Sub Branch  
Middle Road, Singapore |  \- Kang Hwi Wah  
  
We understand that you will be arranging to execute the requisite documents to
charge the aforesaid shares to the said Banks.

Upon your effecting the above Transfers and fulfilling all security
documentation as required by the said Banks, we confirm that all _your
obligations_ under our 3 October 2000 letter are fulfilled. [emphasis added]

11 An employee of the plaintiff added to this letter the following in
handwriting:

To: Full Fledge Holdings Ltd.

I, Wisanggeni, hereby irrevocably undertake to transfer 10,625,000 shares of
PLHL to Bank of China, Singapore to secure the facilities granted by Bank of
China to Mr Kang Hwi Wah. I also undertake the followings:

[cancelled]

b) to guarantee the minimum market value of PLHL shares at $0.17 cents ie.
that the said shares with Bank of China shall have a market value of not less
than $0.17 cents at the end of 12 months from today.

to which the defendant affixed his signature.

12 On the same day, 28 June, the defendant executed a memorandum of charge in
favour of Malayan Banking Berhad of 30 million UFS shares, together with an
undertaking to the bank to purchase the charged shares at 17 cents per share,
and this charge was completed on 3 July.

13 Subsequently, the defendant applied to Singapore Exchange Securities
Trading Ltd for approval to transfer UFS shares subject to a moratorium to
Bank of China, but failed to obtain the approval.

14 The plaintiff had pressed the defendant, repeatedly, to transfer the shares
to the Bank of China in its letters dated 3 September, 30 September, 4 October
and 14 October 2002, and ended with a notice that it would take legal
proceedings if the shares were not transferred.

15 The defendant did not reply directly to the demands, but on 10 September,
his solicitors at that time, Hoh & Partners, sent a draft letter of release
and discharge that the defendant wanted Kang to sign.[1]

16 On 11 September, Kang replied to that letter and asserted that the
defendant was under an obligation to deliver to Bank of China shares free from
moratorium, lien and charges.[2]

17 The solicitors responded on 17 September[3] that:

We are instructed by Mr Wisanggeni that _his obligation_ to you was only to
deliver Moratorium shares free of any lien and all charges not non-moratorium
shares. [emphasis added]

18 This is an admission to the existence of an obligation on the part of the
defendant to deliver shares for charging, and ties in with the earlier request
for the letter of release and discharge. The question whether moratorium and
non-moratorium shares were to be delivered is not an issue at the present time
as the moratorium imposed by the stock exchange authorities has lapsed, and is
not raised as a part of the defence.

19 On 10 October, the solicitors again wrote to Kang[4] that they had been
instructed by the defendant that he would be prepared to release and charge
moratorium shares to Bank of China if Kang would execute the letter of release
and discharge forwarded on 10 September, in order to safeguard the defendant
from any possible legal claims.

20 When the impasse continued, the plaintiff also engaged solicitors to act
for them. The solicitors, Hee Theng Fong & Co, wrote to the defendant on 29
October 2002, wherein they set out the background of the parties’ dealings
that “in consideration of our clients injecting capital funds into your
Indonesian Projects, you will transfer to our clients [the shares]”, and
issued an ultimatum to the defendant to complete the transfer by 31 October.
This was ignored, and the present action was filed on 7 November 2002 for the
defendant to transfer 10,625,000 UFS shares to Bank of China for Kang’s
account.

21 Up to that time, neither the defendant nor his solicitors took the position
that the plaintiff had failed to perform its obligations under the agreement
that had been reached more than two years previously, in 2000.

22 In the statement of claim, it was pleaded that the defendant’s obligations
arose “[i]n consideration of the Plaintiffs’ injection of capital funds into
the Defendant’s Indonesian Projects”. This was amended on 24 February 2003 to
“[i]n consideration of the Plaintiffs’ efforts in introducing a public listed
company to the Defendant and the Plaintiffs’ procurement or arrangement of the
sum of about US$5.0 million to be injected into the Defendant’s Indonesian
Projects”.

23 There are questions over both versions of the agreement. Firstly, the
plaintiff asserted that he had undertaken to find a company for the takeover.
This was not reflected in the letters of 25 September and 3 October 2000, Hee
Theng Fong & Co’s letter of 29 October 2002 or the statement of claim. It only
surfaced when the statement of claim was amended on 24 February 2003. If that
was a term of the oral agreement, why was this not brought up from the start?

24 Secondly, with regard to the supply of funds to the defendant for the
acquisition of the company, it was referred to as an injection of $22m in the
letter of 25 September 2000, left unquantified in the letter of 29 October
2002 and the statement of claim, and fixed at US$5m in the amended statement
of claim. One would expect Kang to have had a clear understanding and
recollection of currency and the amount to be raised.

25 The defendant’s version was also flawed. In the defence, it was alleged
that the plaintiff was to raise $22m. This was changed to US$10m to US$15m in
the amended defence. As the defendant was relying on the plaintiff to raise
funds for the takeover, one would expect the currency of the funds would be
set, and that the amount to be raised be fixed and not variable by 50%,
between US$10m and US$15m, and with the same reward.

26 The defendant and his solicitors did not inform the plaintiff and its
solicitors that there was no obligation to be discharged by the defendant, as
the plaintiff had not performed his part of the agreement. As this went to the
root of the request and dispute, it would have been natural and reasonable to
bring it up.

27 As I have noted at the outset, the confusion would have been avoided if the
parties had put their agreement in writing. As it happened, the shifting
stances and the inconsistencies are such that while I am satisfied that the
parties have agreed that Kang would assist in the defendant’s project to
acquire a company, I am unable to accept either parties’ version as to the
exact terms agreed upon.

28 Fortunately, there is the letter of 28 June 2002. According to the
plaintiff, the parties had agreed to vary their rights and obligations by
reducing the number of shares to be transferred by the defendant and by
specifying the manner in which the shares were to be transferred in two
tranches.

29 The defendant’s take on this letter was entirely different. He argued that
he was not under any obligation under the letter because the plaintiff had not
performed his obligations. The defence was that the transfer of the first
tranche and the promise to transfer the second tranche were made outside of
the terms of this letter, and were entirely separate _ex gratia_ acts by the
defendant to offer financial assistance to Kang or the plaintiff. The
defendant explained that he signed on the letter because Kang told him that he
needed it to show the banks that he had a right to the shares.

30 The defendant deposed in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that:

34\. At around that time [which is 7 June 2002 according to the preceding
paragraph], Kang approached me to ask for my help. He explained that he and
his companies had taken loans from banks. The bank loans were in default and
the banks had demanded for additional security to avoid legal proceedings. He
asked if I could help him by charging some of my UFS shares as additional
security for the bank loans. I asked Kang how much was needed as a top-up, and
he told me that he needed 40 million UFS shares. Kang said that 30 million UFS
[shares] would have to be pledged to Maybank, and another 10 million UFS
shares would be pledged to another bank. Kang only revealed the name of
Maybank at that time, but not the name of the other bank.

31 In the defendant’s opening statement, the point was repeated:

The Plaintiffs are solely relying on their letter dated 28 June 2002 which
purports to contain a written undertaking from the Defendant as regards the
charging of the shares. However, the Defendant will rely on the
contemporaneous documents to show that the credit support he gave to Kang is
entirely ex-gratia and is not pursuant to any agreement or any alleged varied
agreement as such as between the Plaintiff and the Defendant.

32 The pleaded defences were:

(a) the plaintiff had failed to advance the US$10m to US$15m and therefore
there was no valuable consideration to support the agreement;[5]

(b) the agreement was repudiated by the plaintiff’s breach, which was accepted
by the defendant;[6]

(c) the agreement was discharged by mutual agreement;[7] and

(d) the defendant had agreed on an _ex gratia_ basis, to charge the shares and
was not under any obligation to do so.[8]

33 Underlying defences (a), (b) and (c) was an acceptance that there was a
valid agreement at the outset.

34 Defence (a) is misconceived in law. A failure by one party to perform a
contractual undertaking cannot support a defence that the contract is not
supported by consideration. A promise to do something (_eg_ provide funds) in
exchange for a reward (_eg_ the shares) constitutes the consideration to the
agreement. In the proper circumstances, a failure by one party to perform may
support a plea of repudiation and rescission.

35 Defence (b) was not supported by any evidence that the defendant had
informed the plaintiff they had regarded it to be in breach of the agreement,
and that they had accepted the repudiation and considered the agreement to be
at an end.

36 Defence (c) was not supported by any evidence of a mutual agreement to
discharge the agreement.

37 That leaves defence (d), that the agreement was an _ex gratia_ promise
which was not binding on the defendant. To evaluate the merit of this defence
we have to look at the conduct of the plaintiff and the defendant. The
plaintiff’s position is that the defendant should have transferred the second
tranche of shares to Bank of China after having discharged his obligation to
charge the first tranche of shares to Malayan Banking Berhad.

38 The defence is that the defendant’s transfer of the shares to Malayan
Banking Berhad and promise to transfer the other shares to Bank of China were
made _ex gratia_ , and he was not obliged to keep the promise.

39 This is fundamentally different from defences (a), (b) and (c). By saying
that his promise was made _ex gratia_ , he was saying that there never was a
contract, not that it had become unenforceable by the plaintiff’s non-
performance, or repudiation, or discharge.

40 If there was no binding obligation but only an _ex gratia_ promise, why did
the defendant’s solicitors say in the letter of 17 September that they were
instructed by him that “his obligation to you was only to deliver Moratorium
shares …”? The word “obligation” was not used carelessly, but against the
background of the defendant’s demand that the plaintiff fulfil his
undertaking. When Margaret Neo Kee Heng, the solicitor who wrote the letter,
gave evidence, it was not suggested to her that the defendant did not give
instructions for that letter to be written, or that the letter did not convey
his instructions fully and accurately.

41 Equally significant was the fact that Ms Neo stated that the defendant had
not informed her of any _ex gratia_ arrangement he had with the plaintiff. The
defendant did not explain why he did not inform his solicitors that he had
agreed to transfer the shares in response to the plaintiff’s plea for
assistance.

42 Furthermore, if the defendant’s duty to deliver the shares was conditional
upon the plaintiff’s provision of the US$10m to US$15m, and the plaintiff had
not done so, why did he not have that recorded in the letter of 28 June or his
solicitors’ letter of 17 September 2002?

43 In the same vein, why did the defendant ask for a letter of release and
discharge from Kang in exchange for the memorandum of charge in favour of Bank
of China if there was no obligation or liability to release or discharge? If
the defendant’s promise to execute the memorandum was made voluntarily on
Kang’s request, he could just have that recorded instead.

44 As the request for the favour was made by Kang around 7 June, and the
documents for the charge to Malayan Banking Berhad were under preparation on
22 June[9] and were signed on 28 June at the meeting at Fullerton Hotel, it
was wrong and unnecessary for the plaintiff to talk of “your obligations” and
“our instructions” in the letter of 28 June. The defendant had no reason to
confirm the instructions and obligations if they were not true. If he had
wanted to help the plaintiff, he only needed to confirm that he would transfer
the shares.

45 On this last point, the defendant’s equivocation on whether he had
acknowledged and confirmed the undertaking did not help his cause. On 19
February 2003, he deposed in an affidavit,[10] that when he signed on the
letter of 28 June, it did not contain the handwritten undertaking. In his
affidavit of evidence-in-chief affirmed on 13 October 2003, he softened his
position and claimed that he did not remember seeing the handwritten words. At
the trial, he took some time before admitting that he signed on the
letter,[11] and he did not dispute the findings of document examiner, Lee Gek
Kwee, that his signature was made over the handwriting. By the close of the
case, there was no dispute that the defendant had added his signature after
the handwritten undertaking was inserted.

46 The defendant is a well-educated and experienced businessman and from my
observation, an intelligent person. It is inexplicable that he failed to raise
the defences or inform his solicitors of them when the plaintiff made its
demands on him. It was obvious that the plaintiff was taking the matter
seriously, and there was no reason for him not to take it seriously too.

47 After reviewing the evidence, I find that the plaintiff had presented
persuasive evidence that the defendant had undertaken to deliver the second
tranche of shares to Bank of China.

48 On the other hand, I find that the defendant had failed to satisfy me on
any of the defences he pleaded. The omission to state when the requests began,
that he had only promised to help the plaintiff, his acquiescence to the
contents of the letter of 28 June, and his admission in the letter of 17
September, undermined the credibility of his case.

49 I allow the plaintiff’s claim and order the defendant to transfer the
second tranche of 10,625,000 UFS shares to Bank of China for the account of
Kang.

  

* * *

[1]See PB 196-197

[2]See PB 198

[3]See PB 199

[4]See PB 230

[5]Amended Defence, paras 8 and 9

[6]Amended Defence, para 9

[7]Amended Defence, para 10

[8]Amended Defence, paras 15 and 16, see also defendant’s closing submissions
paras 6.4 and 6.5

[9]See PB 318, para 12

[10]See DB 185

[11]Notes of Evidence, p 473

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jun 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

