Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Eng Chye v The Director of Prisons (No 2)  
[2004] SGHC 196

Case Number | : | OS 32/2004, NM 18/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Gee Tuan (Gee Tuan and Khin Wai) and A Rajandran (A Rajandran Joseph and Nayar) for applicant; Leong Kwang Ian (Attorney-General's Chambers) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Tan Eng Chye — The Director of Prisons   
  
Administrative Law – Judicial review – Applicant pleading guilty to charge of
robbery – Applicant informing court of his Marfan's Syndrome – Medical officer
certifying applicant fit for caning – Applicant sentenced to caning – Whether
medical officer's decision amenable to judicial review  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Forms of punishment – Caning
– Whether individual's fitness to undergo caning should be considered before
or after sentencing – Section 232(1) Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev
Ed)  
  

6 September 2004 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an application for an order of _certiorari_ to quash the
certification of a prison medical officer, Dr Ooi Poh Hin. Dr Ooi had
certified that the applicant was fit to receive the punishment of caning
imposed by a district court judge. The facts giving rise to the application
are as follows. On 15 October 2003 the applicant, aged 22, pleaded guilty to a
charge of robbery punishable under s 392 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev
Ed), for robbing a man of his gold chain and handphone, and having put the man
in fear of hurt in the course of the robbery. This offence carried a mandatory
sentence of not less than 12 strokes of the cane. In the course of the oral
mitigation plea, counsel for the applicant told the court that the applicant
had Marfan’s Syndrome (sometimes referred to as “the Marfan syndrome”), and
further directed that a medical report be produced to determine whether the
applicant was fit for caning. A medical officer of the Queenstown Remand
Prison, Dr Ooi Poh Hin, examined the applicant and produced a report dated 16
October 2004. The terse report merely stated that the doctor had examined the
applicant on 16 October and that the applicant was found fit for caning. The
district court judge stated at [17] of his grounds of judgment (see [2003]
SGDC 284) that:

It was not clear from the Mitigation Plea what Marfan Syndrome is, but the
following posting on the web-site of the US National Marfan Organisation
(_http://www.marfan.org_) states that –

**_What is the Marfan syndrome?_**

The Marfan syndrome is a heritable disorder of the connective tissue that
affects many organ systems, including skeleton, lungs, eyes, heart and blood
vessels. The condition affects both men and women of any race or ethnic group.
It is estimated that at least 200,000 people in the United States have the
Marfan syndrome or a related connective tissue disorder.

**_What medical problems are associated with the Marfan syndrome?_**

**1\. The Cardiovascular System**

The most serious problems associated with the Marfan syndrome involve the
cardiovascular system. The two leaflets of the mitral valve may billow
backwards when the heart contracts (mitral valve prolapse). This can lead to
leakage of the mitral valve or irregular heart rhythm.

In addition, the aorta, the main artery carrying blood away from the heart, is
generally wider and more fragile in patients with the Marfan syndrome. This
widening is progressive and can cause leakage of the aortic valve or tears
(dissection) in the aorta wall. When the aorta becomes greatly widened, or
tears, surgical repair is necessary.

**2\. The Skeleton**

Skeletal manifestations common in people with the Marfan syndrome include
curvature of the spine (scoliosis), abnormally shaped chest (pectus
deformity), loose jointedness and disproportionate growth usually, but not
always, resulting in tall stature.

**2\. The Eyes**

People with the Marfan syndrome are often near-sighted (myopic). In addition,
about 50 percent have dislocation of the ocular lens.

2 On 29 October, the district court judge sentenced the applicant to four
years and six months’ imprisonment and 12 strokes of the cane. In his grounds,
the district court judge, after noting the Internet description of Marfan’s
Syndrome, stated (at [17]):

Although this appears to be a medical problem that can seriously affect a
person’s health, there was nothing in the materials before me which showed
that the accused was so affected. Therefore, while I accepted that the accused
had a medical problem, as well as psychiatric and behavioural problems, these
were of limited mitigating value.

On 31 October 2004 the applicant filed a Notice of Appeal against the sentence
imposed by the District Court.

3 However, on 12 April 2004 the applicant applied before the High Court and
sought leave under O 53 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) to
issue an application for an order of _certiorari_ to quash the medical report
of Dr Ooi Poh Hin dated 16 October 2004. The High Court (see [2004] 2 SLR 640)
granted the application and the relevant parts of the grounds of decision are
set out as follows:

18 The argument is that the report dated 16 October 2003 will not be used as
the basis for proceeding with the caning. At the time scheduled for caning,
another certificate must be issued before caning is carried out.

19 That is correct, but it does not address the applicant’s concern over the
medical assessment process. The provision does not require the medical officer
to put up a report, only to issue a certificate that the offender is in a fit
state of health to undergo caning. That is only to be done on the day of
caning, and there is no provision for the certificate to be disclosed to the
offender.

20 There is no assurance that the evaluation will be more thorough than the
one carried out on 16 October 2003. If it is not, the applicant has a ground
for complaint and redress.

21 Is it premature for him to seek redress now? When the respondent calls his
action premature, that presupposes that there is a later, more appropriate
time to do that. When I asked when that would be, there was no answer.

22 As the certification is to be done at the time of caning, how will the
offender be able to seek redress after the certificate is issued, and before
the caning is administered? If he is already caned by the time his application
can be heard, it is too late to obtain the redress he seeks.

23 The argument that the application is premature, and should not be made
until it is too late to prevent the risks of permanent and unintended injury,
is self-defeating.

24 I suggested to counsel that the basic issue is the thoroughness of the
medical assessment. The applicant’s concern is that he should not to be caned
[_sic_] unless the medical risks and implications are considered more
thoroughly than they were on 16 October 2003. If it can be arranged for a
medical officer knowledgeable in Marfan Syndrome to examine him and his
medical records and assess whether he is able to receive caning, then that
would remove the basis of the complaint. When I asked if the respondent would
agree to that, the suggestion was not taken up.

4 Before me, Mr Leong Kwang Ian, counsel for the respondent, advanced the same
arguments that he made in the hearing at the leave stage, and Mr Rajandran,
counsel for the applicant, likewise, made the same arguments, but this time
both parties referred to various affidavits that were not previously used. Mr
Leong referred to an affidavit of Dr Ooi Poh Hin dated 16 August 2004 and an
affidavit of Dr Naranjan Singh of the same date. Counsel also relied on an
affidavit of Terence Goh, the head of Operations Control of the Singapore
Prisons Department. The applicant, in turn, referred to his affidavit dated 23
August 2004. For the purposes of the application for leave, the applicant
relied on an affidavit of a general practitioner, Dr Paul Ho, dated 12 January
2004, and an ophthalmologist, Dr Lim Tock Han of the Tan Tock Seng Hospital
dated 9 January 2004. Counsel for the applicant also referred to a medical
report by a Dr C Sivathasan dated 16 January 2004. This medical report was not
submitted by way of an affidavit and was handed to the judge during the
application for leave. It is appropriate at this stage to deal with Dr
Sivathasan’s medical report as well as the medical literature obtained by the
district court judge through the Internet, in respect of which the High Court
(see [3] _supra_) made the following comment at [8] in regard to the dredging
of Internet information:

The district judge’s initiative is commendable, but it is not a substitute for
a proper medical report _because he still did not get answers to the second
and third questions_. [emphasis added]

5 Dr Sivathasan’s medical report is not evidence. If a medical report is
deemed sufficiently important and the party concerned wishes to rely on it, it
is incumbent upon that party to produce it as he would any other evidence,
namely, by calling the maker on oath or affirmation, whether to give oral
evidence in the witness box, or where the case permits, by way of an
affidavit. There is no evidence properly adduced to show that Dr Sivathasan
was in fact a doctor, or that the said report was made by him. A witness who
is competent, compellable, and not excused under any statutory exemption (such
as the exceptions to the direct evidence rule) cannot avoid being tested for
lying under oath simply by not taking the oath. In respect of the use of the
Internet information, that too was of no greater use than Dr Sivathasan’s
medical report for similar reasons. The comment made in the previous hearing
implied that had the district court judge found the answers to the second and
third questions (_ie_ , whether the applicant had Marfan’s Syndrome and
whether caning would be fatal to him) it would have been acceptable for him to
rely on the Internet information. For reasons that are apparent, such evidence
would be immaterial and irrelevant. However, one might wish to pause and
reflect on the wisdom of a judge, especially when he is sitting at first
instance, in conducting his private research in matters of fact or on law.
First, there might be no verification of the sources. Internet notices can be
posted by well-qualified persons or by charlatans alike. Secondly, even if
they were posted by the most renowned source, that source must be made
available to the parties for clarification or cross-examination. Thirdly, a
court of first instance is essentially a finder of fact. If its findings are
to be respected, to the extent that an appellate court would not readily
disturb them, the trier of fact must steadfastly maintain the neutrality of
his role. He ought not to put himself in any position where he might have to
defend his own conduct, be it in the rightness or wrongness of his effort, or
in the discoveries he made, or in adopting a position taken without giving an
opportunity to the parties to address the court on the merits of that
position. Fourthly, when a judge undertakes the responsibility of research,
can he be excused for errors and omission, or is he bound to exercise the same
degree of care as counsel undertaking research? If so, in discharging his
responsibilities in research, would he have distracted himself from the actual
task of judging?

6 I now revert to the application proper. From the submission of Mr Rajandran
and the affidavit evidence before me, it appears that counsel had aptly
summarised the basis for the application as follows:

On the totality of the evidence before the court, there is still an inherent
risk or real danger to be suffered by the applicant should he be caned and
that in the circumstances, he should be spared the cane – to put the case of
the applicant at its most basic level.

Section 232(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the
CPC”) provides that the “punishment of caning shall not be inflicted unless a
medical officer is present and certifies that the offender is in a fit state
of health to undergo such punishment”. It is not difficult to see that the
punishment of caning is intended to achieve certain limited effects which do
not include serious or permanent harm to the prisoner’s health. For that
reason, a medical officer is duty bound to certify that the prisoner is fit
for caning. That duty has to be performed under the requirements of s 232(1)
of the CPC. The medical examination of the appellant by Dr Ooi Poh Hin on 16
October 2003 was not made under s 232(1) of the CPC because it was conducted
under an order of court prior to sentencing. Section 232 of the CPC envisaged
a post-sentence examination. The position becomes even clearer when one refers
to s 233 of the CPC which provides for the continued detention of the prisoner
who has his caning wholly or partially stopped so that he might be brought
back to the court for a revision of his sentence. Furthermore, the provision
under which the applicant was to be sentenced in this case, carried a sentence
of mandatory caning. In such cases, the court is bound to impose the requisite
sentence of caning. Whether the applicant in this case is fit to receive the
punishment is a matter for the medical officer attending under s 232(1) of the
CPC to determine subsequently.

7 Against the background of these statutory provisions, it is apparent that
the applicant’s case that Dr Ooi Poh Hin’s certification ought to be quashed
because he did not take into account matters in the _Wednesbury_ sense (see
_Associated Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury Corporation_
[1948] 1 KB 223), was misconceived. The making of this application indicated
that the applicant had laboured under the mistaken belief that every act or
conduct of a public servant is justiciable by way of a judicial review. In
_Council of Civil Service Unions v Minister for the Civil Service_ [1985] AC
374, Lord Diplock held at 408 that:

The subject matter of every judicial review is a decision made by some person
(or body of persons) whom I will call the “decision-maker” or else a refusal
by him to make a decision.

To qualify as a subject for judicial review the decision must have
consequences which affect some person (or body of persons) other than the
decision-maker, although it may affect him too. It must affect such other
person either:

(a) by altering rights or obligations of that person which are enforceable by
or against him in private law; or

(b) by depriving him of some benefit or advantage which either (i) he had in
the past been permitted by the decision-maker to enjoy and which he can
legitimately expect to be permitted to continue to do so until there has been
communicated to him some rational grounds for withdrawing it on which he had
been given an opportunity to comment; or (ii) he has received assurance from
the decision-maker will not be withdrawn …

Lord Diplock further amplified what he said above by holding that:

For a decision to be susceptible to judicial review the decision-maker must be
empowered by public law (and not merely, as in arbitration, by agreement
between private parties) to make decisions that, if validly made, will lead to
administrative action or abstention from action by an authority endowed by law
with executive powers, which have one or other of the consequences, mentioned
in the preceding paragraph.

8 The report by Dr Ooi was obviously a “decision” but that alone did not make
Dr Ooi a “decision maker” in the sense explained in the Lord Diplock judgment
above. The district court judge, as I had said, was duty bound to impose the
sentence of caning irrespective of what Dr Ooi might have said in his report.
Dr Ooi was a public servant discharging what I might call a “non-decision
making” duty in the Diplock sense. Further examples of non-decision making
conduct include acts of police officers such as in the arrest of a person
suspected of committing an offence. Such decisions of an arresting officer are
not amenable to judicial review. The rights of the arrested person lie in the
criminal, as well as civil, law – not in an administrative action. A public
officer performing such duties cannot be made accountable by way of judicial
review because the law would have provided avenues for redress in the case of
any error or wrongdoing on the part of the public officer. Sometimes the
redress might not be adequate or obtained in time but that does not detract
from the schematic structure of the complainant’s legal remedies. An arrested
person might be freed or charged. If he is charged, he may defend himself at
trial. If he is found guilty, he has his right of appeal. The arresting
officer cannot be made to account for his action as to whether he had
exercised _Wednesbury_ reasonableness in deciding to arrest a suspect. Every
public officer will have made numerous decisions on a daily basis. They cannot
all be accountable for each and every one of those decisions in an
administrative action, even if they affect another person or body of persons,
otherwise the entire apparatus of public service might cease to function.
Similarly, a medical officer performing his duty in determining whether a
prisoner is fit for caning is not a “decision maker” in the Diplock sense. The
substantive administrative action would have been the decision of the judge
who ordered the caning. The remedy in the case of any dissatisfaction with
that order lies in the appeal process. In the case of the medical officer
reporting under a s 232 (1) situation, the substantive administrative action,
or the Diplock “decision making” function, lies with the prison authority
which may stop the caning. If it does not exercise that function, the remedy
lies in an action against the prison authority for failing to discharge its
statutory duty. For these reasons, the applicant had no merit in applying for
leave to issue an application for an order of _certiorari_. Accordingly, this
application before me must be dismissed.

9 Mr Rajandran submitted that the crucial point in this application lay in Dr
Ooi’s failure to take into account the real possibility that caning the
applicant would be “potentially dangerous to [him].” It has to be noted,
however, that the question whether the applicant was, in fact, suffering from
Marfan’s Syndrome was not fully addressed before me. Dr Paul Ho, the general
practitioner who examined the applicant on 10 November 2003 (after the
applicant had been sentenced) reported that the applicant “has the features of
Marfan’s Syndrome” but he did not explain which features and the degree in
which they had manifested in the applicant. Dr Lim Tock Han, the
ophthalmologist, reported that the applicant had features “suggestive of
Marfan’s Syndrome” and was, in his opinion, a “glaucoma suspect”. Dr Ooi
himself did not diagnose the applicant to have Marfan’s Syndrome, but noted
that the applicant’s medical record in the army indicated that he had. That
record was only indicative of the applicant’s medical history. For the
purposes of s 232 of the CPC, it would be incumbent upon the examining doctor
to make an independent finding. On the available evidence, it would be fair to
conclude that there were indications that the applicant might indeed have
Marfan’s Syndrome, but that is not the relevant issue. Mr Rajandran further
argued that the point that we had to address was whether Dr Ooi was aware of
the possibility that the applicant had Marfan’s Syndrome, and if so, whether
the doctor took that into account. From his affidavit, Dr Ooi noted that the
medical record from the Singapore Armed Forces referred to the medical
downgrading of the applicant because of Marfan’s Syndrome. Dr Ooi then went on
to say that he did not think caning would affect the applicant, and that in
any event, there would be another medical examination before the caning could
take place.

10 Whether or not there was, in fact, a correct diagnosis of Marfan’s Syndrome
would not be crucial in a case for judicial review. However, it would be
relevant to know whether the doctor had taken that possibility into account.
Ultimately, this was not a judicial review case at all. Whether Dr Ooi was
right or wrong in his diagnosis of the applicant, and whether he had taken the
possibility of Marfan’s Syndrome into account, was not a relevant issue
because the district court judge was bound to pass the sentence of mandatory
caning in any event. The _Wednesbury_ reasonableness principle, though clearly
irrelevant, had been the subject of reference at many points in this case. And
at the application for leave stage, the court formed the view that a failure
to consider the applicant’s medical record would amount to _Wednesbury_
unreasonableness. The court then cited Lord Greene MR’s judgment from the case
from which we received the eponym _Wednesbury_ reasonableness – _Associated
Provincial Picture Houses, Limited v Wednesbury Corporation_ (see [7] _supra_)
at 228:

The exercise of such a discretion must be a real exercise of the discretion.
If, in the statute conferring the discretion, there is to be found expressly
or by implication matters which the authority exercising the discretion ought
to have regard to, then in exercising the discretion it must have regard to
those matters. Conversely, if the nature of the subject matter and the general
interpretation of the Act make it clear that certain matters would not be
germane to the matter in question, the authority must disregard those
irrelevant collateral matters.

The High Court at the leave stage in the present matter (see [3] _supra_) then
stated (at [38]) that:

Here the applicant is complaining that the medical assessment ought to have
regard to his medical history and his known medical condition. It is clearly
arguable that it is implied that his medical history and condition must be
considered, and that an omission to do that amounts to _Wednesbury_
unreasonableness.

11 If the district court judge had rejected the report and decided not to
impose caning, the Prosecution would have rightly appealed against that
decision. Likewise, had the judge accepted the report as he might have done
(he could have ignored it altogether), the applicant’s recourse would have
been to appeal on the ground that the judge should not have acted on a flawed
report. Of course, given the law as I have stated above, such an appeal would
be doomed to fail since the district court judge did not have a discretion not
to impose the punishment of caning. The applicant cannot hope to recover a
lost cause by attacking the secondary source. If that were allowed, a party
who is unhappy with a trial judge’s judgment, but who has no valid grounds of
appeal, may be tempted to attack the evidence of witnesses such as the
psychiatric expert, the prison doctor, the doctors examining the accused in a
pre-statement medical examination and so on, on the basis that they had not
taken various matters into account and, therefore, acted unreasonably in the
_Wednesbury_ sense. For the reasons above, I am of the opinion that it would
be a pointless and unwarranted exercise to proceed to ask here, whether Dr Ooi
had acted reasonably in the _Wednesbury_ sense.

Application dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

