Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Essar Steel Ltd v Bayerische Landesbank and Others  
[2004] SGHC 90

Case Number | : | Suit 913/2003, RA 410/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 May 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Damodara Suresh and Sunil S Gill (David Lim and Partners) for plaintiff; Andre Yeap SC and Adrian Wong (Rajah and Tann) for first, second and third defendants   
Parties | : |  Essar Steel Ltd — Bayerische Landesbank; Anzef Ltd; The Siam Commercial Bank Public Company Ltd, Singapore Branch; Mashreq Bank PSC; Citigroup Financial Products Inc   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Leave – Principles governing discretion to grant
leave to appeal to Court of Appeal  
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Loan agreement providing for payment of costs where
legal fees incurred in enforcing loan – Whether award should be made where
rights to payment in dispute  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Appeals – Appeal from registrar's decision – Role of
appellate judge – Circumstances warranting judge's interference  
  

4 May 2004

Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 I dismissed an appeal by the plaintiff, Essar Steel Limited against an order
of costs of an assistant registrar, and refused its application for leave to
appeal to the Court of Appeal.

**Background**

2 The plaintiff borrowed US$40m from a consortium of nine banks including the
five defendant banks under a syndicated loan agreement (“the agreement”).

3 When the defendant banks transferred their portions of the loan to an entity
called the Argo Fund (“Argo”), the disputes leading to this action arose.

4 The plaintiff disputes the validity of the transfers on the grounds that:

(a) Argo is not a bank or financial institution to which the loans can be
transferred under the terms of the agreement; and

(b) payment to Argo would render the plaintiff liable to criminal penalties
under the laws of India. (The plaintiff is a company in India.)

5 The plaintiff commenced this action against the defendant banks for, _inter
alia_ , a declaration that the transfers to Argo “are void and of no legal
effect and that the Defendants continue to hold the legal and beneficial
interest in their respective outstandings”.

6 In response to the plaintiff’s action, the first, second and third
defendants filed a counterclaim that in the event that the transfers are void
or ineffective, the defendants remain parties to the agreement and are
entitled to the rights and benefits thereof as if the transfers had not been
effected, including the right of repayment.[1]

7 The plaintiff applied to strike out the counterclaim on the grounds that it
is premature and contingent. When the application came before the assistant
registrar, it was dismissed with costs to the defendants on an indemnity basis
fixed at $10,000. The plaintiff did not appeal against the dismissal of the
application, but appealed against the order on costs.

8 Clauses 18.1 and 25.3 of the agreement provide for the payment of indemnity
costs:

18.1 The Borrower [plaintiff] undertakes to indemnify:

(i) each of the Agent, the Arrangers, the Co-Arrangers and the Banks against
any cost, claim, loss, expense (including legal fees on a full indemnity
basis) or liability together with any service tax thereon, which any of them
may sustain or incur as a consequence of the occurrence of any Event of
Default or any Potential Event of Default or any other breach or default by
the [borrower] in the performance of any of the obligations or covenants
expressed to be assumed by it in this Agreement; and

(ii) each Bank against any loss it may sustain or incur as a result of its
funding its portion of the Advance requested by the Borrower hereunder but not
made by reason of the operation of any one or more of the provisions hereof.

25.3 The Borrower shall, from time to time on demand of the Agent, reimburse
the Agent, the Arrangers, the Co-Arrangers and the Banks for all costs and
expenses (including, without limitation, legal fees and all out of pocket
expenses on a full indemnity basis) together with any service tax thereon
incurred in or in connection with (a) the preservation and/or enforcement of
any of the rights of the Agent, the Arrangers, the Co-Arrangers and the Banks
under this Agreement and (b) any variation, consent, approval, waiver or
amendment relating to this Agreement.

9 The plaintiff argued in the appeal before me that the defendants were not
entitled to indemnity costs because:

The 1st to 3rd Defendants … have admitted that they are no longer parties to
the [agreement]. The Plaintiffs submit that subsequent to the transfers (which
the 1st to 3rd Defendants assert are valid), the 1st to 3rd Defendants are not
entitled to the benefit of the entire [agreement] (let alone Clauses 18.1 and
25.3). The Plaintiffs are either contractually obligated to the Argo Fund (as
transferee) or the 1st to 3rd Defendants but not to both (an issue that is
going to be decided at the trial of this matter).[2]

10 It can be seen that in the developments described above, the agreement is
an essential element in:

(a) the plaintiff’s claim that the transfers are void and ineffective;

(b) the first, second and third defendants’ counterclaim; and

(c) the plaintiff’s application to strike out the counterclaim.

Each part of the case relates to and arises from the agreement.

11 The assistant registrar did not strike out the counterclaim. It was not for
him to make a final determination on whether it would succeed. He was asked to
strike it out on the ground that the first, second and third defendants cannot
rely on the agreement to make the counterclaim, but he declined to do that.

12 Against this background it cannot be said that the assistant registrar
acted without basis in awarding indemnity costs under cll 18.1 and 25.3 of the
agreement because the costs were related to the counterclaim to enforce the
repayment of the loan.

13 It can be argued that the assistant registrar could have deferred making
the order for indemnity costs until there was a finding that the defendants
are entitled to invoke the agreement after executing the transfers. If he
exercised his discretion in that manner, it would have delayed the taxation
and payment of the costs till after the trial. The uncertainty and delay could
have militated against this alternative order. On the other hand, as the
claim, counterclaim and the application to strike it out are all connected to
the agreement, it would be consistent that the costs be paid according to the
terms of the agreement. I do not think that the assistant registrar’s order
was wrong. I would have made the same order if I had heard the application.

14 When the matter came up on appeal before me, it was even more difficult for
the plaintiff to argue against the order for indemnity costs. Counsel for the
first, second and third defendants also reminded me that a judge in chambers
generally will not allow an appeal from a registrar’s costs order unless it is
unreasonable or the registrar has erred in law. He referred to _Hoddle v CCF
Construction Ltd_ [1992] 2 All ER 550 where Morland J held at 550–551:

[I]t would be highly undesirable as a matter of general principle that a judge
[in chambers] should intervene and make different orders as to costs from that
made by a master, unless it can be shown by the appellant that the master
demonstrably erred in the exercise of his discretion in the order that he
made. If it can be shown that the master took into account matters that he
should not have taken into account or failed to take into account matters that
he should have taken into account, in those circumstances the judge in
chambers would be entitled to vary the order made by the master, but in my
judgment it would not be in the interests of justice if judges in chambers
entered into detailed examination of all the matters that were before the
master in order to decide whether they would have come to the same decision as
the master. Generally speaking, in my judgment, judges in chambers should not
allow appeals against costs orders by masters, unless it can be shown that the
order made was unreasonable or erred in law or, as I have indicated, either
failed to take into account proper matters or took into account matters that
should not have been taken into account.

and this view was reflected in _Singapore Civil Procedure 2003_ (Sweet &
Maxwell Asia, 2003) at para 55B/1/3.

15 I therefore dismissed the appeal, with costs of the appeal to be paid by
the plaintiff on an indemnity basis fixed at $3,000.

**Leave to appeal**

16 The plaintiff then applied to me for leave to appeal against my decision
under O 56 r 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) and s 34 of
the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed).

17 In an affidavit in support of the application, Mr Sunil S Gill, counsel for
the plaintiff, deposed that:

a. The 1st to 3rd Defendants have admitted in their pleadings that they are no
longer parties to the [agreement]. The Plaintiffs submit that subsequent to
the transfers (which the 1st to 3rd Defendants assert are valid), the 1st to
3rd Defendants are not entitled to the benefit of the entire [agreement] (let
alone Clauses 18.1 and 25.3). The Plaintiffs are either contractually
obligated to the Argo Fund (as transferee) or the 1st to 3rd Defendants but
not to both (an issue that is going to be decided at the trial of this
matter);

b. Even if the 1st to 3rd Defendants are entitled to the benefit of the
[agreement] (which we say they are not), the import, purport and meaning of
Clauses 18.1 and 25.3 of the [agreement] are subject to the Laws of England
since English law is the governing law of the [agreement]. Questions of
foreign law are questions of fact. In the present case, no evidence was
presented by the 1st to 3rd Defendants for the purpose of resolving these
issues of fact (more specifically, the import, purport and meaning of Clauses
18.1 and 25.3 of the [agreement]);[3]

and that:

It is essentially the Plaintiffs’ position that any interpretation of the
[agreement] and its applicability should be a matter for the trial judge to
decide since he will have the benefit of evidence from legal experts and
proper submissions from Counsel. To do so right now at the interlocutory stage
is, with respect, premature.[4]

18 These are repetitions of the arguments made before the assistant registrar
and me. The only reference to the merits of the application for leave to
appeal to the Court of Appeal is that:

It has become clear to the Plaintiffs that, although the Honourable Judge
observed that his decision was limited only to the issue of costs for the
Plaintiffs’ Striking-Out Application, the Defendants will in all probability
refer to his decision in justifying indemnity costs in all other interlocutory
applications as well.[5]

19 Section 34(2) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act stipulates that:

Except with the leave of the Court of Appeal or a Judge, no appeal shall be
brought to the Court of Appeal in any of the following cases:

(a) where the amount or value of the subject-matter at the trial is $250,000
or such other amount as may be specified by an order made under subsection (3)
or less;

(b) _where the only issue in the appeal relates to costs or fees for hearing
dates_ ;

(c) where a Judge in chambers makes a decision in a summary way on an
interpleader summons where the facts are not in dispute; or

(d) an order refusing to strike out an action or a pleading or a part of a
pleading.

[emphasis added]

20 The Court of Appeal had in _Lee Kuan Yew v Tang Liang Hong_ [1997] 3 SLR
489 held at [16] that:

[I]t is apparent that there are at least three limbs which can be relied upon
when leave to appeal is sought: (1) _prima facie_ case of error; (2) question
of general principle decided for the first time; and (3) question of
importance upon which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal
would be to the public advantage.

21 The judgment cited and approved Lai Kew Chai J’s judgment in _Anthony s/o
Savarimiuthu v Soh Chuan Tin_ [1989] SLR 607, where he said at 608, [2] that:

To obtain leave to appeal when the amount involved is below the statutory
amount an applicant for leave must show that a serious and important issue of
law is involved … The circumstances for granting leave would include (though
obviously not limited to) cases where an applicant is able to demonstrate a
_prima facie_ case of error or if the question is one of general principle
upon which further argument and a decision of a higher tribunal would be to
public advantage. That was pronounced by Edgar Joseph Jr J in _Pang Hon
Chin’s_ case ([1986] 2 MLJ 145). These propositions have a common thread: that
to deny leave may conceivably result in a miscarriage of justice.

22 In _Abdul Rahman bin Shariff v Abdul Salim bin Syed_ [1999] 4 SLR 716 Tay
Yong Kwang JC (as he then was) also referred to _Anthony s/o Savarimiuthu_ and
stated at [30] and [31]:

30 I should clarify here the words “a _prima facie_ case of error” used in
_Anthony Savarimiuthu’s_ case. In another application of this nature heard by
me, the applicant there sought to demonstrate a _prima facie_ case of error by
referring me to the evidence adduced at the trial and attempting to show that
the collision could not have occurred in the way described by the plaintiff
there on such evidence. That, in my view, was no more than an attempt to show
an erroneous conclusion on the facts of the case for which leave to appeal
must be and was denied. If it were otherwise and facts have to be examined in
detail in each case to demonstrate the error, the High Court might as well
hear the appeal proper.

31 In my opinion, leave of court to appeal may be granted where the applicant
is able:

(a) to demonstrate a _prima facie_ case of error of law that has a bearing on
the decision of the trial court;

(b) to show that there is a question of law decided for the first time or a
question of law of importance upon which a decision of a higher tribunal would
be to the public advantage;

(c) to show a question of law on which there is a conflict of judicial
authority and a pronouncement from a higher court in the judicial hierarchy is
desirable.

23 In _Goh Kim Heong v AT & J Co Pte Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 262, I dealt with
another application for leave to appeal. After referring to the three
decisions referred to above, I suggested that in determining whether to grant
leave, the value of the proposed appeal and the costs and time burdens the
appeal would place on the parties and the appellate court should also be taken
into account.

24 There appears to be some uncertainty whether a _prima facie_ case of error
is sufficient basis for granting leave, as suggested in _Anthony s/o
Savarimiuthu_ , or whether that should be limited to errors of law as stated
in _Abdul Rahman_.

25 There is something to be said for both propositions. Where a judgment is
the result of an error of fact, it would be a denial of justice to refuse
leave to appeal. On the other hand, if any alleged error of fact can be relied
on to seek leave to appeal, that would result in the virtual appeal hearings
being conducted at the leave stage to establish whether there has been an
error of fact.

26 It is possible to accommodate both concerns. We can avoid shutting out all
errors of fact and also avoid having virtual appeal hearings in applications
for leave by restricting such errors to those that are clear beyond reasonable
argument, for example, where undisputed evidence that a notice was served on 1
June was wrongly taken to have been served on 1 July. Where it is demonstrated
that a clear error of fact has contributed or led to a judgment, the aggrieved
party should be allowed to rely on it to seek leave to appeal. Other
complaints, for example, that a judge had erred in accepting the evidence of
one witness over that of another, or had erred in drawing an inference or
coming to a conclusion, will not be considered.

27 When I heard the application for leave, I examined it against the tests for
granting leave:

(a) Is there a _prima facie_ error of law or fact? I think the assistant
registrar did not make any error of law or fact. He was entitled to exercise
his discretion in the way he did.

(b) Does the decision touch on a general principle decided for the first time?
It may be that this question is decided for the first time, but it does not
involve any question of general principle. The issue is peculiar to the
particular facts of the case and is not likely to arise in other cases.

(c) Does it touch on a question of importance on which further argument and
the decision of the Court of Appeal would be to the public advantage? I do not
think that whether the plaintiff should pay standard or indemnity costs is a
question of such importance.

28 Further to that, is further time and expenditure of another appeal
justified? The two sets of indemnity costs awarded by the assistant registrar
and by me totalled $13,000. The issue has been argued twice already. Further
time and expenditure in arguing over the costs are not justified.

29 Having found that the application failed to satisfy any of the tests, I
declined to give leave to appeal. The plaintiff has now applied to the Court
of Appeal for leave to appeal.

  

* * *

[1]See Amended Defence and Counterclaim of 1st to 3rd Defendants, para 28

[2]Plaintiffs’/Appellants’ submissions dated 8 March 2004, para 12

[3]Affidavit of Sunil S Gill filed 19 March 2004, paras 14(a) and (b)

[4]Affidavit of Sunil S Gill filed 19 March 2004, para 18

[5]Affidavit of Sunil S Gill filed 19 March 2004, para 16

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 May 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

