Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Noor Mohammed Bin Yusoff Ali v Tan Chee Ning  
[2004] SGHC 82

Case Number | : | Suit 1068/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 April 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Ho Su Ching AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ramasamy K Chettiar (ACIES Law Corporation) for the Plaintiff; K Jayabalan (Madhavan Partnership) for the Defendant   
Parties | : |  Noor Mohammed Bin Yusoff Ali — Tan Chee Ning   
  
28 April 2004

**Assistant Registrar Ho Su Ching:**

The plaintiff, Noor Mohammed Bin Yusoff Ali, is presently 27 years old. He was
injured in a road traffic accident on 29 December 1999 when a taxi driven by
the defendant collided into the motorcycle that he was riding. On 27 December
2002, interlocutory judgment was entered against the defendant for 95% of the
damages to be assessed. The plaintiff made four broad areas of claims:

(i) General Damages for pain and suffering and loss of amenities;

(ii) Loss of earning capacity;

(iii) Future medical expenses (including medicine and transport expenses); and

(iv) Special damages

**General Damages for Pain and Suffering**

2 As a result of the accident, the plaintiff sustained a fracture dislocation
of his right hip and lacerations to his right knee.

3 Dr Lee Lian Arn, an orthopaedic consultant currently based at Raffles
Hospital, was called to give evidence on behalf of the plaintiff. He testified
that the both the MRI and CT scan done in 2003 showed that the head of the
femoral had healed and that the CT scan also showed post-traumatic arthritis
in the hip joint. Dr Lim stated that while the MRI did not show avascular
necrosis, one cannot completely rule it out. However, Dr Lim considered the
risk of the plaintiff developing avascular necrosis to be low and explained
that the risk would diminish with time as one moves further away from the
initial injury and that in most reported cases, avascular necrosis happens
within 2 years of the initial injury.

4 Dr Lim also gave evidence that as a consequence of the injury, the
plaintiff’s range of movement in his hip is limited to about 90% of the normal
range and that tests conducted indicates pathology affecting the hip
articulation. In his view, the plaintiff who now walks with an antalgic limp
(a limp caused by the pain in his hip), will not be able to stand or walk for
long periods or run. As such, Dr Lim recommended that the plaintiff be
permanently exempted from physical proficient tests like IPPT.

5 Dr Lim also gave evidence, that since the episode of the plaintiff’s hip
giving way on 14 February 2003 for which he was hospitalised for 5 days and
treated conservatively, the hip condition has deteriorated because post-
traumatic arthritis in his right hip that has set in. In his view, once this
occurs it is very likely that the plaintiff would suffer another episode of
this hip giving way.

6 Overall, Dr Lim opined that the prognosis of the plaintiff’s hip condition
is not good and that it is almost inevitable that that the plaintiff would
require at least two hip replacements. When pressed to give an estimation of
the number of hip replacement he expects the plaintiff to have, Dr Lim stated
that assuming that the plaintiff has his first operation at age 40, he may
possibly need 3 to 4 such operations to last him until his 80s. This is
because while medical literature shows that each hip replacement has a 90 to
95% survival of about 10 years, this takes into account all ages, and studies
have shown that hip replacements would last for a shorter period in the young,
especially in cases where post-traumatic arthritis occurs.

7 The defendant’s medical expert, Dr Pillay, an orthopaedic surgeon in private
practice, agreed with Dr Lim that the bone fracture of the femoral head has
united and that the possibility of avascular necrosis occurring is remote. Dr
Pillay was also of the view that the hip giving way suddenly is consistent
with the injury. However, he was of the opinion that although recurrence is
possible, it is a rare event. He reasoned that this was because the hip giving
way was not due to the presence of bony fragments (which would have been
picked up by the MRIs) but probably caused by a loose piece of cartilage
‘catching’ the hip. He explained that had the MRIs demonstrated the presence
of bony fragments which is evidence of fragmentation, then the hip giving way
can recur and it calls for treatment to remove the fragments. A loose piece of
cartilage on the other hand will eventually wear off and disappear on its own.

8 Dr Pillay also agreed with Dr Lim that the plaintiff would require hip
replacement surgery. However, he was of the view that Dr Lim’s recommendation
of 3 to 4 hip replacements would “be stretching it a bit far” as the fracture
to the femoral head was to a non-weight bearing area. Furthermore, there are
no loose bodies and the osteoarthritis will only get worse gradually.
According to Dr Pillay, two hip replacements would be a fair estimate.

9 The plaintiff claimed a total of $40,000 for the hip injury, osteoarthritis
and $8,000 for scars and lacerations to the right knee. Two cases were cited
in support of this claim. _Ravi Rai v Wang Yuen Chow_ (Suit 470 of 1996) where
$43,200 was awarded for a hip injury and _Lee Woon Chee v Chang Tuck Heng_
September 1991 BLD 1032 where an award of $30,000 was made.

10 In _Lee Woon Chee_ , the plaintiff sustained a posterior dislocation of the
right hip joint and a fracture of the posterior hip acetabulum. Unlike the
present case, there was also the complication of established avascular
necrosis of the right femoral head with secondary osteoarthritis. In _Ravi Rai
v ors v Wang Yuen Chow_ (Suit 470 of 1996), the plaintiff suffered severe
damage to the right hip that left him with a 30 degree flexion deformity in
the right hip which resulted in very marked lordosis when standing and
considerable stiffness in the right hip. As a result of the injury, the
plaintiff also suffered from sexual dysfunction. In assessing damages, Kan J
divided the injury into 5 components. He awarded $20,000 for the fracture to
the lip of the acetabulum which required one operation, $15,000 for a fracture
to the head and neck of the femur, $3,000 for sexual dysfuntion and $5,000
each for the osteoarthritis and lordosis. Kan J then made a reduction of 10%
of the total to take into account overlapping. In the more recent case of
_Poon Chee Tat v Bay Chin Siew_ [2001] Mallal’s Digest Para 1138, $42,000 was
awarded for a fracture of left acetabulum and left ilium with dislocation of
the left hip with osteoarthritis. In that case, the fracture of the left
articulum and ilium had to be operated on and fixed with a metal plate.

11 In the present case, the fracture, which was to the non-weight bearing area
of the femoral head, was treated conservatively with closed reduction. The
plaintiff still retains about 90% of the normal range of hip movement and
while osteoarthritis has set in, there is presently no evidence of avascular
necrosis, the risk of which is remote. In the circumstances, I was of the view
that **$28,000** was fair compensation for pain and suffering due to the hip
injury.

12 In relation to the lacerations on the knee, the medical reports show that
the lacerations have healed well and the plaintiff has no swelling of the knee
and a full range knee movements. A total of 4 scars were recorded over the
anterior aspect of the right knee measuring 3 cm, 2 cm, 2cm and 4cm. In view
of this, I awarded **$1,000**.

**Loss of Earning Capacity**

13 The plaintiff is currently a police sergeant in the Singapore Police Force
(“SPF”). At the time of the accident in December 1999, the plaintiff was a
police corporal and he was promoted to police sergeant in December 2000.

14 Ms Wendy Koh, Head of the Personnel Management Unit in the Manpower
Department of SPF, gave evidence on the nature of the plaintiff’s work and his
promotion prospects. She testified that as a result of the plaintiff’s medical
condition, the SPF has granted him permanent light duties and has exempted him
from IPPT. Mr Koh explained that with regard to the plaintiff’s current post,
his division has actually made arrangements to allow him to work in a “more
comfortable way”. This includes exempting him from 24 hours shifts and patrol
duties. However, he is still required to attend to crime scenes and do field
work.

15 In relation to the plaintiff’s promotional prospects, she stated that the
plaintiff’s performance has been very good and that his current estimated
potential has actually improved since after the accident. She also gave
evidence that the SPF currently has no plans to exit the plaintiff despite his
medical condition.

16 In the circumstances and taking into account the plaintiff’s age and
disabilities, I considered the defendant’s submission of **$30,000** for loss
of earning capacity to be reasonable and, accordingly, made an award for the
said sum under this head.

**Future medical expenses**

17 Based on the medical evidence and taking in account that plaintiff’s job,
which involves field work and attending to crime scene, is not completely
sedentary in nature, I was of the view that three hip operations would be
fair. Based on the Dr Pillay’s estimate of $12,000 per hip operation plus $500
to $1,000 for post-operative care, I awarded the sum of **$39,000** under this
head.

18 In relation to the cost of future medication and transport expenses, the
parties agreed to the sum of **$10,000.**

**Special damages**

19  The plaintiff made a claim of $15,614.77 for special damages. This
includes the special damages as pleaded at **$9,614.77 (agreed)** and
$5,854.17 for further medical expenses incurred since the date of writ rounded
up to $6,000 to take into account transport expenses. The hospital bills in
support of the further medical expenses were exhibited in the plaintiff’s
supplementary Bundle of Documents.

20 In relation to the further medical expenses, the defendant is only willing
to concede liability for the sum $4,261.41 (i.e in relation to 4 hospital
bills out of which  
$1,500 was paid by Medisave). This was because all other hospital bills were
paid for by the plaintiff’s civil service medical benefits and not by the
plaintiff himself. As such, the defendants submit that the plaintiff did not
incur this loss. The defendant also submitted that the sum of $1,500 in
relation to one of the four hospital bills which was paid by Medisave, ought
to be re-paid into the CPF Medisave account of the plaintiff and not paid to
the plaintiff directly. The plaintiff’s reply submissions were curiously
silent on this point.

21 In the absence of any submissions or evidence to the contrary from the
plaintiff, I was satisfied that the plaintiff was not out of pocket in
relation to these hospital bills for which he ought to be compensated for. As
such, I awarded the sum of **$4,261.41** in relation to the further medical
expenses, out of which the sum of $1,500, which was paid by Medisave, ought to
be paid by the defendant directly into the plaintiff’s CPF Medisave account :
see _Regulation 20, Central Provident Fund (Medisave Accounts Withdrawal)
Regulations 2001_.

**Conclusion**

22 In conclusion, I assessed the damages on a 100% basis to the plaintiff as:

(i) |  General damages for pain and suffering |  $29,000  
---|---|---  
(ii) |  Loss of earning capacity |  $30,000  
(iii) |  Future medical expenses |  $49,000  
(iv) |  Special damages |  $13,876.18  
**Total** |  |  **_$ 121,876.18_**  
  
23 I awarded interest at 6% per annum from the date of service of writ to the
date of judgment on general damages for pain and suffering. Interest on
special damages incurred before the date of judgment was awarded at 3% per
annum from the date of the accident to the date of the judgment.

24 The usual consequential orders will apply. I will hear parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Apr 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

