Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Sue-Ann Melissa v Lim Siang Bok Dennis  
[2004] SGCA 27

Case Number | : | CA 111/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 June 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Judith Prakash J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lawrence Fong (Dominion LLC) for appellant; S Thulasidas (Ling Das and Partners) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Tan Sue-Ann Melissa — Lim Siang Bok Dennis   
  
Family Law – Maintenance – Wife – Application to vary consent order – Former
husband consenting to pay sum of money as maintenance on assumption that his
earnings would subsequently increase – Wife aware of assumption – Husband
subsequently unable to meet payments as assumption proved to be unachievable
despite reasonable efforts – Whether this amounted to material change in
circumstances entitling court to vary maintenance order – Section 118 Women's
Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  

28 June 2004

Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an appeal against the decision of Lai Kew Chai J (“the judge”) to
vary a consent order of court dated 24 April 2002 (“the second Consent Order”)
requiring the respondent to pay the appellant, his former wife, maintenance of
$2,000 per month. Exercising his power to vary a subsisting order for
maintenance under s 118 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the
Women’s Charter”), the judge reduced the amount of maintenance payable to
$1,100 per month on the basis that the respondent had shown a material adverse
change in circumstances. At the end of the hearing before us, we dismissed the
appeal.

**The factual background**

2 The parties were married on 17 May 1990. They ended their union some eight
years later on 30 July 1998. There are no children of the marriage.

3 Pursuant to the _decree nisi_ dissolving the marriage, a consent order of
court was recorded on 27 January 1999 (“the first Consent Order”) laying out
the parties’ arrangements with respect to the ancillary matters of division of
matrimonial assets and maintenance. On the issue of maintenance, the
respondent was ordered to pay a sum of $2,200 per month to the appellant from
January 1999 to June 2000 and a sum of $2,500 per month from July 2000
onwards. At the time of the recording of the first Consent Order, the
respondent was earning more than $7,000 per month as a partner in the law
firm, M/s Chan Kwek & Chong.

4 On 27 March 2001, the respondent applied to court to revise the terms of the
first Consent Order, which application was opposed by the appellant. By this
time, the respondent’s financial position had deteriorated considerably owing
to the occurrence of a series of unfortunate events that ensued shortly after
the recording of the first Consent Order. The respondent’s financial woes
began when he sustained a serious back injury in June 1999 which led to his
departure from the legal profession three months later. The respondent then
remained unemployed for close to one year from November 1999 to August 2000,
following major surgery to his spine in October 1999. It was only in September
2000 that he commenced work as a corporate manager at Earth Essence Holdings
Pte Ltd (“Earth Essence”) at a gross monthly salary of $4,000 and a take-home
pay of $3,200. It was against this factual backdrop that the respondent sought
an adjustment of the first Consent Order.

5 The parties had already filed all their respective affidavits in the matter
when they decided to enter into a fresh agreement (“the agreement”) instead.
The respondent’s obligations under the new arrangement included:

(a) the payment of the sum of $2,000 a month to the appellant as maintenance
with effect from 1 May 2002; and

(b) the payment of the sum of $10,000 on 31 December 2002 and another $10,000
on 31 December 2003 to the appellant in full and final settlement of the
amounts due in the division of the matrimonial assets.

The above variations to the first Consent Order were encapsulated in the
second Consent Order of 24 April 2002, which formed the subject matter of the
present appeal.

6 Unfortunately, the respondent’s financial standing had not improved by April
2002. In fact, the respondent was jobless for two months from January 2002
when Earth Essence fell upon hard times and sought the respondent’s
resignation. When the second Consent Order was made in April 2002, the
respondent had just resumed the practice of law after a break of more than
three years in M/s Ling Das & Partners (the respondent’s solicitors in the
present appeal) at a monthly salary of $3,000.

7 For the next 13 months, the respondent endeavoured to discharge his
obligations under the second Consent Order. However, it soon became apparent
that the respondent had made a commitment which he could not fulfil. From as
early as June 2002, the respondent had to constantly request that the
appellant afford him more time to come up with the monthly payments.

8 Not surprisingly, the respondent struggled to meet the $2,000 maintenance on
his income of $3,000 per month. Contrary to his initial expectations that his
income would improve substantially upon re-entering the legal profession, the
respondent’s salary remained virtually stagnant. In fact, he was earning only
$3,500 a month at the time the appeal was heard before the High Court in
September 2003. The respondent explained that owing to the September 11
crisis, the SARS outbreak and the generally unfavourable economic conditions,
he was unable to generate the income he had initially anticipated. His
performance was also hampered by his back injury from which he never
completely recovered. To his dismay, he found that he could only work three to
four days a week on average.

9 The respondent also gave evidence that he had borrowed $28,000 from the
partners of M/s Ling Das & Partners to assist him in the payment of the
monthly maintenance and the $10,000 instalment due on 31 December 2002. On the
evidence, the respondent had chalked up a debt of more than $80,000 to several
credit card companies and the law firm’s partners by the time of the appeal
before the High Court.

10 As the respondent could not afford to allow the existing arrangement to
continue, he filed an application (by way of Summons in Chambers No 50300 of
2003) on 29 May 2003 for an order that he be allowed to cease paying the
appellant altogether. In the alternative, he asked that the amount of monthly
maintenance payable be reduced to $500.

11 The respondent’s application was heard by District Judge Tan Peck Cheng on
18 July 2003. When the district judge dismissed his application, the
respondent appealed to the High Court.

**The decision of the High Court**

12 The appeal was heard on 10 September 2003. At the conclusion of the
hearing, the judge allowed the respondent’s appeal in part and ordered that
the maintenance payable under the second Consent Order be varied from $2,000
to $1,100 a month. The judge was of the view that, on the evidence, the
respondent could only afford to pay the reduced amount of $1,100 every month.
In arriving at this conclusion, the judge accepted the respondent’s assertion
that even though he had willingly agreed to pay the appellant $2,000 a month,
this was by no means a reflection of his earning capacity. The respondent’s
solicitors’ letter of 22 April 2002 to the appellant’s solicitors clearly
provided that the respondent’s promise to pay the monthly maintenance of
$2,000 was “not to be regarded as a reflection of [the respondent’s] earning
capacity or income”. Instead, it was to be looked upon as a sum the respondent
was prepared to pay towards a global settlement of the ancillary issues of
maintenance, arrears of maintenance and division of matrimonial property.

13 The judge’s decision to allow the variation of the terms of the second
Consent Order centred largely on his finding that the respondent had, with the
best of intentions, erroneously anticipated that his income would return to
its pre-injury level (_ie_ about $7,000 per month) after he had fully
recovered from his spinal injury and resumed practice. In the judge’s opinion,
given that such assumptions and optimistic forecasts were made known to the
appellant before the second Consent Order was made and the fact that those
assumptions and predictions subsequently proved to be unachievable, despite
the respondent’s reasonable exertions, these amounted to a “material change in
circumstances” under s 118 of the Women’s Charter. Consequently, the court was
entitled to vary the maintenance order.

14 In addition, the judge expressed his opinion that the appellant should look
for some gainful employment, instead of carrying on with her small business
that had never quite taken off. In the circumstances, the judge indicated that
the appellant should cut back on her monthly expenditure which was estimated
at $2,215, in particular the high rental fee of $1,215 per month that she was
paying.

**The appeal**

**_Whether the judge had erred in finding that the respondent had shown a
material change in circumstances_**

15 The main thrust of the appellant’s appeal was that the judge had erred in
finding that the respondent had established a material change in
circumstances, entitling the court to make any adjustment to the second
Consent Order that it deemed appropriate. Under s 118 of the Women’s Charter,
the court may at any time vary or rescind any subsisting order for maintenance
where it is satisfied that the order was based on any misrepresentation or
mistake of fact or where there has been any material change in circumstances.

16 In support of the appellant’s contention that the judge had wrongly
exercised his power under s 118 of the Women’s Charter, counsel for the
appellant advanced the following grounds of appeal:

(a) that the judge had erred in taking into account factors that were present
before or at the time of the second Consent Order; and

(b) that the judge had erred in considering the respondent’s own assumptions
of his earning capacity when the parties had already agreed that the new
agreement was to be without regard to the respondent’s earning capacity or
income.

_Whether the judge had erroneously taken into account factors that were
present before or at the time of the second Consent Order_

17 Counsel for the appellant submitted that in order to succeed in his
application to vary the second Consent Order, the respondent had to show that
there had been a material change in circumstances _since_ the time of the
second Consent Order (_ie_ 24 April 2002). Counsel maintained that the judge
had erred in taking into consideration factors that were present _before_ or
_at_ the time of the second Consent Order. These included, among others, the
respondent’s debt position, the periods of unemployment, his low monthly
salary of $3,000 as an advocate and solicitor in M/s Ling Das & Partners, his
medical condition and his inability to generate sufficient work during the
economic downturn. As these factors existed prior to or at the time the
parties entered into the agreement that formed the basis of the second Consent
Order, counsel argued that the respondent could not depend on them to
establish a subsequent change in circumstances.

18 In contrast, counsel for the respondent maintained that the respondent was
entitled to draw on these background facts and incidents to support his
application. Relying on the fact that the agreement between the parties had
been made without reference to the respondent’s income or earning capacity,
counsel submitted that the agreement “preserve[d] the respondent’s position”
with respect to all the events that had occurred since 1999.

19 In our opinion, the appellant’s criticism of the judge’s decision was
unjustified for the simple reason that the judge had not relied on these facts
to infer a material change in circumstances. The judge had merely looked to
these events to ascertain the background circumstances leading up to the
making of the second Consent Order in April 2002. In particular, the judge had
relied on them to shed some light on the respondent’s state of mind at the
material time. Looking at the totality of the evidence before the court, the
judge was convinced that the respondent had “with the best intentions in the
world” overestimated his future earnings on his return to the practice of law
and had thereby made a commitment which he could not fulfil. In other words,
the material change had not stemmed from the events prior to the making of the
second Consent Order, but had arisen from the fact that the respondent’s
assumptions regarding his prospective earning capacity, which were
communicated to the appellant, subsequently proved to be unattainable despite
reasonable efforts on the part of the respondent. Therefore, the judge had not
drawn on inappropriate factors to establish the change in circumstances.

20 Consequently, the only issue that remained for us to determine was whether
the judge was nevertheless correct in finding a material change in
circumstances on the facts. The crux of the appellant’s case was that there
had been practically no change in circumstances, let alone a material change,
to justify an adjustment of the maintenance order. In this regard, counsel for
the appellant submitted that the judge had erred in considering the
respondent’s own assumptions of his earning capacity in arriving at his
decision.

_Whether the judge had erred in considering the respondent’s own assumptions
of his earning capacity in finding that there had been a material change in
circumstances_

21 Counsel for the appellant asserted that the judge had erred in finding that
the respondent’s assumptions of his earning capacity were operative on the
parties’ minds when they were negotiating the terms of the agreement that
formed the basis of the second Consent Order. According to counsel, such a
finding was irreconcilable with the parties’ understanding that the agreement
was to be without regard to the respondent’s earning capacity or income.

22 Counsel for the appellant drew our attention to the letter from the
respondent’s solicitors dated 22 April 2002 (see [12] above). Relying on the
proviso in the letter, that the arrangement between the parties was “not to be
regarded as a reflection of [the respondent’s] earning capacity or income”,
counsel maintained that the respondent’s expectations of his future earning
capacity or income were completely outside the purview of the agreement. After
reviewing the evidence in its entirely, we rejected this contention. We were
of the view that this proviso merely corroborated the respondent’s assertion
that the only reason he committed himself to paying two-thirds of his monthly
income as maintenance was because he had in good faith anticipated, albeit
wrongly, that his earnings would increase considerably in the coming months.
In our opinion, this was the only plausible reason for the respondent’s
actions given his financial standing at the material time. As the judge noted,
the respondent was simply not in a position to pay the maintenance of $2,000
per month.

23 We also disbelieved the appellant’s claim that the respondent’s
expectations regarding his future income were never made known to her before
the second Consent Order was made. Having revisited the records, we accepted
the respondent’s evidence that he had found it difficult to pay the
maintenance since 1999, and that he had informed the appellant of his problems
as well as of his desire to meet his obligations towards her as best as
possible. Given that the appellant knew all along the financial difficulties
faced by the respondent, the appellant must have been aware that the
respondent anticipated a significant jump in his earnings when he made the
promise to pay her $2,000 a month. Hence, we found no reason to disturb the
judge’s finding that the appellant was aware of the respondent’s assumptions
and optimistic forecasts at the material time.

24 Another argument canvassed on behalf of the appellant was that the proviso
effectively prevented either party from applying to vary the second Consent
Order unless there had been a material change in circumstances _other than_
changes in the respondent’s earning capacity or income. Counsel for the
appellant seemed to suggest that this was reasonable, since the appellant
would similarly be disallowed from asking for an increase in the amount of
maintenance in the event that the respondent’s earning capacity or income rose
considerably. We found this argument to be without merit. It is well
established that a consent order for maintenance can be varied like any other
court order: _Lee Hong Choon v Ng Cheo Hwee_ [1995] 2 SLR 663. Furthermore, no
term of such an agreement can totally undermine the powers conferred on the
courts under the Women’s Charter, including the power to vary a subsisting
consent order for maintenance under s 118. That the courts have an extensive
power in this regard is further demonstrated by s 119 of the Women’s Charter,
which provides that the court may vary the terms of any financial arrangement
entered into between spouses notwithstanding any stipulation to the contrary.

25 Finally, having established that the respondent’s assumptions of his
earning capacity were operative on the parties’ minds at the relevant time, we
turned to the question of whether such subjective beliefs and expectations
could amount to a “material change in circumstances" in the event that they
turned out to be unachievable.

26 We concurred with counsel for the appellant that in the normal course of
events, the subjective expectations and hopes of the respondent could not
amount to a “change” within the meaning of s 118 of the Women’s Charter when
they did not eventually materialise. A positive change in either the needs of
the former wife or the ability of the former husband to meet those needs is
usually required, before the courts will step in and affect the _status quo_.
Generally, the phrase “material change” is understood in the light of the
factors that determine the initial award of maintenance.

27 However, it is important to bear in mind the rationale behind the law
imposing a duty on a former husband to maintain his former wife. Essentially,
the aim is to even out any financial inequalities between the spouses, taking
into account any economic prejudice suffered by the wife during marriage. In
the present case the respondent husband agreed to pay the appellant wife
$2,000 per month as maintenance in the expectation that his financial position
would improve. As stated above, this assumption was made known to the
respondent and it formed the basis of the agreement between the parties,
leading to the making of the second Consent Order. In such circumstances,
where the expectation did not materialise (and this was not in doubt), it was
our opinion that it would only be just that that fact should and could be
treated as a “material change” in the context of the case. To hold otherwise
would be grossly unfair.

28 For the foregoing reasons, we were unanimously of the view that the judge
was right in holding that there had been a material change in circumstances.
We therefore found his decision to allow the appellant’s application fully
justifiable. Accordingly, we dismissed the appeal.

_Appeal dismissed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jun 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

