Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lee Harith Gary (alias Lee Cheng Thiam) v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGCA 51

Case Number | : | Cr App 9/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 November 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Kan Ting Chiu J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  David Rasif (David Rasif and Partners) and Goh Teck Wee (Goh Chang JP and Wong) for appellant; Christopher Ong (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Lee Harith Gary (alias Lee Cheng Thiam) — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Murder – Whether on the evidence there was
reasonable doubt in Prosecution's case  
  

8 November 2004

Kan Ting Chiu J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The appellant, Harith Gary Lee alias Lee Cheng Thiam, was tried before Woo
Bih Li J for the murder of Teo Siew Peng. The offence took place on 10 March
2003 at about 12.22pm on the tenth floor of Block 202 Choa Chu Kang Avenue 1,
Singapore. He was found guilty and was convicted on the charge, and brought
his appeal against the conviction before us.

2 The appellant was 39 years old. He had been married twice and was estranged
from his second wife. The deceased, who was 32 years old, was either divorced
or separated from her husband.

3 The appellant and the deceased had known one another for about ten years.
However, they only became close around the first quarter of 2002. That
developed into an intimate relationship, and they would stay together at the
deceased’s flat and the flat of her colleague and close friend, Goh Lye Keow
(“Rita”), from time to time.

4 Woo J had found that the relationship between the appellant and the deceased
was under strain months before the murder. The deceased was not happy with the
relationship, and the appellant was trying to regain her affection.

5 Khoo Sok Lin Celine, a friend of the deceased, gave evidence that the
deceased had told her that she was unhappy with the appellant because he was
being over-possessive and that she had wanted to break her relationship with
him. Rita gave evidence that the deceased had also told her that she was
unhappy with her relationship with the appellant and was thinking of ending it
although she was prepared to continue with it to see how it would go. Soon
Shen Chwee, a friend of the appellant, gave evidence that on 4 March 2003, the
appellant told him that he had broken up with his girlfriend for a week.

6 There was more direct evidence on the state of the relationship nearer to 10
March 2003, the day the deceased died. On the afternoon of 9 March, the
appellant had been to the deceased’s flat. He was not able to see the
deceased. Instead he met her mother, Chioh Ah Hoi, and handed to her a bird in
a birdcage and an envelope addressed to the deceased. In the evening, he rang
the flat repeatedly to speak to the deceased. When Mdm Chioh told him that she
was not there, he told her to consider herself to have given birth to one
daughter less.

7 The letter to the deceased was in Chinese, which, when translated into
English read:

I do not know that I did wrong. Maybe you have found the exciting and
colourful life you want. I am really not capable of anything now. I am not
paid any salary and I can only work like hell. You may think that I do not
want you or care about you, but I really have only you in my heart(?). I can
accept it if you have a change of heart because I have no money. I can
understand, as there are many men at 97(?) [This refers to a lounge the
deceased worked at]. However, it is because of work that I have no time to
keep you company. I will have regrets even if I die. I know I am useless and
you have to lead a miserable life(?). You may think that the reason I want to
be with you is to have sex with you. You are wrong, dear(?). I have four work
assignments this month and I have to work like hell. I really have no time to
keep you company. I really have nothing to say(?) and I hope you will be
happy.

8 On that night of 9 March, the appellant telephoned Rita to ask if the
deceased was with her. He told Rita that the deceased had mentioned the
previous day that she wanted to end their relationship. The appellant also
said to Rita words to the effect that “You just take it that you have lost a
good friend.”

9 When the deceased spoke to the appellant over the telephone, she told him
that they should terminate their relationship. This statement so upset the
appellant who was then outside the deceased’s flat that he kicked and damaged
the front metal gate of the flat. That woke up the deceased’s sister, Teo Siew
Hoon Karen, who was annoyed upon seeing him and the damaged gate. When she
chided him, he complained about the way the deceased had treated him, and
protested that he did not know why their relationship had gone bad, and said
that he would hold onto the deceased and jump down from the block without
regrets. The deceased’s son, who was with Karen, heard the exchange.

10 At about 2.00am (on 10 March 2003), the appellant was outside Rita’s flat
looking for the deceased. He was told that the deceased was not there, and was
refused entry into the flat. He again became upset, shook the metal gate
violently, and put a padlock on it. He challenged Rita’s husband to call the
police. When the latter did that, he removed the padlock, apologised and left
before the police arrived.

11 The next episode unfolded at between 11.00am and 12.00 noon at the
deceased’s place of work. The appellant appeared at her office, grabbed her by
her hair and pulled her to the staircase. When Rita intervened to get him to
release her, he struck Rita on the nose, and forcefully brought the deceased
down to his lorry.

12 The final event took place at Block 202 where the deceased’s flat was
sited. Leong Siew Choon and Goh Poh See were residents in the block. They had
fetched their children from a kindergarten and were walking towards the block
when they noticed the appellant’s lorry approaching the block at a high speed.

13 When the two women arrived at the void deck of the block, they waited for
the lift to take them to the tenth floor from where they would walk down to
their flats on the ninth floor. They saw the appellant and the deceased
approaching, but the couple did not enter the lift with them and their
children.

14 When they arrived at the tenth floor, the two women chatted a while before
making their way to their respective homes in different directions. As they
walked, they both had further occasion to look at the couple who were then on
the tenth floor corridor. Mdm Leong saw the man use his hands to lift up both
the legs of the woman, with his hands slightly stretched and palms opened,
holding onto her knees. The woman’s legs were off the ground, and she was
holding onto the railing on the parapet along the corridor with both hands,
uttering something like “aw, aw, aw” softly. Initially Mdm Leong thought the
couple was playing because the woman was not struggling. But the man lifted
the woman’s legs higher, and she then disappeared from sight. Mdm Leong looked
over the parapet, and saw a body lying motionless on the pavement below. Mdm
Leong disagreed with Mr Rasif, counsel for the appellant, that the man had
both his arms around the knees of the woman or that he was trying to prevent
her from throwing herself over the parapet.

16 Mdm Goh turned around to look at the couple when she heard a female voice
uttering “ai, ai”. She saw the woman holding onto the railing on the parapet
with both hands, while the man who was behind her was holding onto her ankles
and lifting her body upwards.

17 The deceased died from the fall. The police were alerted, and
investigations commenced. The first officers to respond were Staff Sergeant
Ishak bin Mohamed (“SSgt Ishak”) and Special Constable Mohd Shahrul bin Ismail
(“SC Shahrul”), who were on mobile patrol duty.

18 The two officers went to the tenth floor of Block 202 where they saw the
appellant arguing with the deceased’s father. SSgt Ishak asked the appellant
what had happened, and he replied in English, “I killed her.” He also said, “I
already push her down. Do you want me to jump down I can do it.”

19 There was a written record of these words. This was in the form of an entry
in the patrol car log sheet made by SC Shahrul about one hour after the event.
The entry, which read in part:

When mobile was interviewing B1 [the Appellant] he was aggressive, smell of
alcohol drunkard and bare footed he was wearing a shirt (few of the shirt
button were unbutton) tuck out and blue jeans. When SSgt Ishak ask B1 what
happen he said “I KILLED HER” AND HE MENTIONED “I WAITED FOR TEN YEARS”.
Culprit also mention his company had went Bankrupt. Mobile then asked him to
calm down, however he aggressively inform “I already push her down. DO YOU
WANT ME TO JUMP DOWN I CAN DO IT.”

was dictated by SSgt Ishak to SC Shahrul. The words “I already push her down”
were added on the instruction of SSgt Ishak after he read over the recording
made by SC Shahrul. Both officers confirmed that those added words were spoken
by the appellant. The log was signed off by SSgt Ishak at the end of their
tour of duty.

20 Woo J held that statement to be admissible in evidence under s 122(5) of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed), and we confirmed the
correctness of the ruling.

21 The appellant was placed under arrest, and was subsequently taken to the
Jurong Police Division Headquarters. While he was there, Senior Staff Sergeant
Pavia Roy Nicholas (“SSSgt Pavia”) and Staff Sergeant Ng Leng Sing (“SSgt Ng”)
attempted to interview him, but he was in an agitated state and said in
Hokkien, “I kill human being. I did not run. I waited for you to come. Why you
all treat me like that? I want to take revenge against the police.” This was
interpreted into English by SSgt Ng, and SSSgt Pavia recorded it into his
field diary.

22 On the following day, 11 March 2003, a cautioned statement was recorded
from the appellant where he said:

I did not kill her. That day I managed to get her at her office. I had been
trying to get her for the past 3 days. We went to the carpark at Kranji. We
had a talk for a while. She was heavily indebted. She owed credit card
companies at least S$10,000/= over. I was unable to help her anymore. In fact,
I had helped her to repay the credit card companies and expenses for more than
S$20,000/=. She was a drug addict and spent at least S$500/= a month on the
drugs. Her salary was not enough for her expenses. I love her very much and
had all along tolerated what she had done. At that time, I was badly drank
[_sic_] as I had been drinking since last Friday. As I could not help her
anymore, we discussed and decided to die together. She suggested that we go
back to her block of flat. She had just bought this flat at Block 202 Choa Chu
Kang Avenue 1 #10-xx and she had a lot of financial and family problems
pertaining to this flat. I drove her back to her block of flat in my lorry. I
parked my lorry at the carpark haphazardly because she already ran out of the
lorry. I chased after her and went up to the 10th floor together with her in
the lift. When the lift door opened at the 10th floor, she ran out and climbed
over the parapet. I wanted to follow her but her father came out of the flat
and grabbed my body. … Furthermore, she was a drug addict.

23 The appellant’s defence was along the lines of the cautioned statement,
with elaboration on his actions on 9 and 10 March 2003. He admitted that he
had written the letter delivered to the deceased’s mother, but denied telling
her that she should consider herself to have given birth to one daughter less.

24 He agreed that he spoke to Rita over the telephone, but could not recall
telling her that she should consider herself to have lost a good friend. He
remembered that he had kicked the gate of the deceased’s flat, but could not
recall if he had told Karen that he would hold on to the deceased and jump
down with no regrets.

25 He also admitted that he did place a padlock onto the gate of Rita’s flat,
and removed it subsequently when her husband made a call to the police.

26 He was very angry when he was in the deceased’s office, and had grabbed her
by her hair and dragged her out. His defence was that after they left the
office, they went to a car park near Kranji Dam. While they were there, they
had a quarrel. The deceased talked of her problems that she could not resolve.
He suggested that they die together. She agreed and they returned to her flat.

27 When they reached the tenth floor, he was distracted momentarily when he
saw someone repairing the gate of the deceased’s flat. When he looked at the
deceased again, she was at the parapet. Her hands were on the parapet, and her
feet were off the floor. He tried to grab hold of her, but failed. Although
his hands touched her legs, he was unable to have his arms around her knees.

28 He denied that he told SSgt Ishak and SC Shahrul that he had killed the
deceased and had pushed her down and he disputed SSgt Ng’s account of his
statement at Jurong Police Division Headquarters, and asserted that he said he
did _not_ kill a human being.

29 Woo J found that the relationship between the appellant and the deceased
was under strain at the time of her death. He came to this conclusion on the
basis of the appellant’s letter to the deceased, the deceased’s telling Rita
that she had told the appellant that she wanted to end the relationship, the
appellant telling Rita to consider herself to have lost a good friend, his
telling Karen that he could hold onto the deceased and jump down, his telling
the deceased’s son that he was to die with the deceased, the kicking of the
gate at the deceased’s flat and the padlocking of the gate at Rita’s flat. In
addition to that, there was the appellant’s ominous advice to the deceased’s
mother that she should consider herself to have given birth to one daughter
fewer.

30 It was abundantly clear that he was angry and unhappy with the deceased on
the days leading to her death, and that the deceased’s death was on his mind.

31 Against this background, we share the trial judge’s scepticism at the
appellant’s evidence on the suicide pact he made with the deceased after they
left her office, and before going to her flat.

32 The judge gave particular attention to the events on the tenth floor
corridor. He accepted the evidence of the two neighbours who witnessed the
incident. He accepted that there was some inconsistency in their evidence, but
found that it did not detract from their evidence that they saw the appellant
holding the legs of the deceased and lifting her. This evidence contradicted
the appellant’s evidence that he tried unsuccessfully to stop the deceased
climbing over the parapet.

33 He did not accept that the deceased, who was 1.48m tall could climb over
the 1.3m tall railing in her platform shoes as quickly and easily as the
appellant described.

34 The judge also considered the evidence in the statements the appellant was
alleged to have made to SSgt Ishak and SC Shahrul at the scene. Woo J noted
that counsel had, when cross-examining SSgt Ishak, suggested to him that when
the appellant said “I killed her”, he meant that he felt responsible for her
death. The suggestion was significant as it was an acceptance that those words
were said. However, when the appellant gave evidence, he denied that he had
said that, thereby detracting from the earlier position, and taking a position
(that he did not say those words) that was not put to the prosecution
witnesses.

35 Woo J found that those words were said, as well as the words “I already
push her down” which were added to the entry in the patrol car log sheet on
the direction of SSgt Ishak. The judge found no reason for SSgt Ishak to
fabricate his evidence, and found his recollection of the words to be
reliable.

36 On the alleged statement made at Jurong Police Division Headquarters that
“I kill human being”, the judge noted that when SSgt Ng gave evidence on that,
defence counsel put it to him that the appellant did not say that. The
appellant’s evidence was that he said “I did not kill human being”. There is a
significant difference between not having said something, and having said
something that was not fully understood. The possibility that the appellant
actually said that he did not kill was not put to the prosecution witness;
counsel’s cross-examination of Sgt Ishak left the impression that the
appellant had said nothing at all.

37 On the appeal before us, Mr Rasif focused on three points:

(a) the evidence of the two neighbours;

(b) the trial judge’s reliance on the appellant’s oral confession “I already
push her down”; and

(c) the trial judge’s rejection of the appellant’s account of events disclosed
in his cautioned statement.

38 These were matters that Woo J had dealt with at length. To Mr Rasif’s
credit, he did not assert that the trial judge had overlooked those matters or
that his findings were perverse or made without basis. His case was that on
the evidence there was still a reasonable doubt in the prosecution case.

39 We did not agree with the submission. There was abundant evidence from
distinct sources that the appellant was upset and angry with the deceased, and
had been alluding to her death the day before the alleged suicide pact, and
also on his actions on the fateful day, particularly those on the tenth floor
corridor. In addition to that, he admitted on three separate occasions that he
killed her.

40 We found no grounds to depart from Woo J’s decision, and dismissed the
appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Nov 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

