Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Zhang Yiguang (suing by the committee and estate of his person, Tong Wen
Li) v Intergraph Systems South East Asia Pte Ltd  
[2004] SGHC 126

Case Number | : | Suit 1132/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 11 June 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Doris Chia and Adeline Chong (Harry Elias Partnership) for plaintiff; Harish Kumar and Mark Yeo (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Zhang Yiguang (suing by the committee and estate of his person, Tong Wen Li) — Intergraph Systems South East Asia Pte Ltd   
  
Insurance – General principles – Claims – Insurance policies taken by employer
on life and health of employees – Whether additional benefits conferred by
employer on employee could be deducted from insurance payments  
  
Insurance – General principles – Claims – Insurance policies taken by employer
on life and health of employees – Whether employee entitled to benefits due
under insurance policies  
  

11 June 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This is a claim by Tong Wen Li, the wife and committee of the person of
Zhang Yiguang (the plaintiff) for a sum of money amounting to $473,089.50
being insurance payments made to the defendant. The plaintiff was an employee
of the defendant from 4 October 1999. He suffered a serious and permanent head
injury in an accident in Atlanta, USA on 13 June 2002. There was no dispute
that he was injured whilst in the employment of the defendant. His employment
was terminated on 13 May 2003, a year after the accident. The insurance
payments under the policies taken out by the defendant included $186,912 under
the Group Term Life Insurance; $280,368.00 under the Group Personal Accident
Benefits; and $809.50 under the Group Hospital and Surgical Insurance in
respect of medical expenses incurred in Singapore. There was also a travel
policy taken out by the defendant with the American Insurance Group (“the AIG
policy”) under which a sum of $5,000 had been paid to indemnify the defendant
for expenses occasioned by the evacuation of the plaintiff to Singapore. The
defendant paid a total of $27,369.58 towards the evacuation costs. All
payments under the policies were made to the defendant.

2 The claim by the plaintiff for the AIG payment was misconceived because that
was a direct indemnity policy and the money was paid to indemnify the insured
for the expenses actually incurred up to the limit agreed under the policy. It
was not disputed that the defendant paid the costs of evacuating the
plaintiff. Thus, I find that the plaintiff was not entitled to the $5,000
under the AIG policy. The plaintiff’s claim for the rest of the insurance
money is less straightforward. The defendant disputed the claims on the ground
that since it, and not the plaintiff, was the insured, it was entitled to all
payments made under the insurance policies. Its defence averred that “an
employee who is insured under a group insurance policy does not acquire any
direct interest in the policy unless he is a party to the contract of
insurance”. It also denied that it held the benefit of the policies in trust
for its employees. It denied that the plaintiff, or any of its employees, was
entitled, contractually, to the benefits under the policies.

3 Miss Chia, counsel for the plaintiff, argued that the plaintiff was entitled
to the insurance money as a matter of “entitlement”, that is to say, as a
matter of contract. She referred to cl 11 of the employment contract (dated 4
October 1999) and the defendant’s “Employee Handbook” dated June 2001 as
constituting the applicable terms of the contract. Clause 11 reads as follows:

Admission for Employee to the Company’s non-contributory medical, dental and
hospital scheme. Dental benefit apply after 6 (six) months employment.

Clause 7.3 of the Employees’ Handbook reads as follows:

All employees are entitled to the benefits of insurance protection under the
following schemes at the Company’s cost. Employees based in Singapore, Myanmar
and Vietnam are covered by (the Insurance Corporation of Singapore). For
employees based in Malaysia, Indonesia and Philippines, please contact your
local office administrator for details of your insurance coverage.

4 The schedule of benefits provided by the insurance company was annexed to
the handbook. A company handbook is usually a compendious document that sets
out the entitlement and benefits of the employees, as well as the house rules
by which they are expected to conduct themselves. Whether the content of the
handbook or any part of it constitutes terms of the contract of employment
depends on the individual case. Not uncommonly, the contract of employment
will refer to the company handbook with a statement that the handbook is
binding on the parties. In such a case, it obviously applies as if it were a
part of the contract itself. In this case, the contract of employment made no
reference to the handbook.

5 In my view, the handbook in the present case was not a part of the contract
document. The house rules were still relevant because they might determine
whether an employee had been guilty of misconduct, but that is another matter.
It is cl 11 of the employment contract that is presently relevant. The
handbook merely provided the secondary details. Thus, it was not critical that
the handbook was not in fact distributed to the employees. Mr Love, the
defendant’s representative, testified that the handbook actually remained in
the defendant’s computer, unpublished. I am of the view, however, that cl 11
sufficiently provided the plaintiff a right to claim such medical and
hospitalisation benefits as the defendant company might have provided. The
parties could then refer to the handbook to see what it was that the company
did provide. Therefore, on the contract ground alone, the plaintiff would be
entitled to his claim.

6 In any event, I find that the plaintiff would have succeeded on the grounds
of trust, even if he could not succeed in contract under the terms of the
employment contract or the handbook. I am of the opinion that when the
defendant had taken out policies on its employees, the defendant as their
employer held all the benefits due under the insurance policies as trustee for
its employees. In its crudest form, insurance is akin to gambling – the
insured pitching his dare against the insurer. It is legitimate and prudent
for an insured to take out a policy of insurance in many instances – these
cases are marked out by the common factor of an insurable interest in the
insurance. That interest belongs to the insured. No one else has any right to
insure that interest. Thus a man who wishes to protect the assurance of income
or standard of living for those whose welfare he is concerned about, will
insure his life so that that standard would be maintained in the event that he
is rendered personally incapable of discharging his obligations.

7 What interest does the employer have in the life of his employee? Except for
defined “key employees”, any other employee is deemed replaceable in the
context of insurance. Hence, when an employer takes out insurance on the life
and health of his employee, he must have done so with the employee’s benefit
in mind and it should not be assumed that he intended to profit from the event
of his employee’s death or misfortune. In this regard, although the company
handbook, which the defendant’s counsel, Mr Kumar, submitted, was not even
issued to the employees, it nonetheless indicated the nature and design of the
policies. Thus cl 7.3 of the handbook had to be read as evincing the intention
of the company to provide the benefit that that clause addressed. Numerous
authorities have been cited to me, and although they have been helpful to me,
it is not necessary for me to deal with each or any one of them for they
concerned very different situations. An exercise to distinguish those
authorities from the present one would, and I emphasise, in this case (as it
is presented before me) be a vain display of erudition. I find, therefore,
that whether in contract or in trust, the plaintiff was entitled to the
insurance benefits taken out on him save the payment under the AIG policy.

8 The next broad area of dispute concerned the question whether the defendant
was entitled to deduct $129,578.35 from the insurance moneys on account of
having spent that sum as expenses on the plaintiff. This constituted
$56,425.37 as expenses such as payment of legal fees, the purchase of a Tri-
band handphone set, business class airfare for the plaintiff’s wife, telephone
and telefax charges, travel expenses and cash advance. The balance consisted
of the plaintiff’s salary from 14 June 2002 to 13 June 2003 amounting to
$73,152.98. When an employee is injured in the course of employment, he is
entitled only to such benefits as he is contractually entitled. However,
sometimes an employer may make or grant extra benefits in the form of cash
allowances for transport or medical bills. If the employer does not specify
that these allowances are to be deducted from his salary, insurance money, or
otherwise given to him as a loan, then the employee is entitled to assume that
they were compassionate gifts by his employers. If the employee was not told
that the advances were actually loans, he might not have accepted them. In the
present case, I accept the evidence of Mdm Tong that she was not given any
indication that the expenses incurred had to be borne by her or the plaintiff
at all. I accept her evidence that the defendant had represented to her that
the company would bear the cost and expenses of flying her to Atlanta to be
with the plaintiff. I accept that she did not request for a business class air
ticket and I am of the view that the expenses amounting to $56,425.37 were _ex
gratia_ payments by the company as compassionate assistance to the plaintiff.
Similarly, I find that the payment of salary was not given as an advance that
the plaintiff was required to repay. If that had been the intention it ought
to have been made clear at that time. Consequently, I allow the plaintiff’s
claim of $468,089.50. The counterclaim is dismissed. Costs are to follow the
event.

Plaintiff’s claim allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 11 Jun 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

