Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Merriwa Nominees Pty Ltd v Romar Positioning Equipment Pte Ltd  
[2004] SGHC 176

Case Number | : | Suit 315/2003, TA 1/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 13 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Ching Sann AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  B Mohan Singh (KK Yap and Partners) for plaintiffs; Victor Leong (Chan Kam Foo and Associates) for defendants   
Parties | : |  Merriwa Nominees Pty Ltd — Romar Positioning Equipment Pte Ltd   
  
13 August 2004

Assistant Registrar Ching Sann:

The Plaintiffs and the Defendants were contractual joint venture partners in
the provision of trenchless horizontal directional drilling services to
Reliance Engineering & Associates Private Limited (‘Reliance’), an Indian
company. Pursuant to this contract, the parties agreed that the Defendants
would pay to the Plaintiffs an amount equal to 50% of all payments received by
the Defendants from Reliance, less “reasonable expenses incurred by [the
Defendants].

2 When the relationship between the parties soured, the Plaintiffs brought an
action against the Defendants seeking an account of the monies due to the
Plaintiffs. By a judgment dated 8 January 2004, the Defendants were ordered to
render such an account, which was eventually provided on 13 April 2004 through
the Defendants head of finance Ms Lim Siew Geok. According to the account
rendered, the balance remaining was US$150,647.65, such that the Plaintiffs’
share was US$75,323.83.

3 The above account was contested by the Plaintiffs, who raised objections to
seven categories of deductions made by the Defendants in compiling the
accounts:

Category |  Nature |  Quantum  
---|---|---  
1 |  Cost of feasibility study |  US$100,000  
2 |  Various invoiced amounts |  US$2,820  
3 |  Indian withholding tax |  US$130,667.40  
4 |  Indian withholding tax |  US$72,646.53  
5 |  Salary payments |  US$85,835.66  
6 |  Expense claims |  US$9,234.23  
7 |  Administration expenses |  US$285,000  
  
**Category 1**

4 The Plaintiffs’ claim in respect of this category was that the money was not
partnership money, but that it belonged solely to the Plaintiffs’ James
Johnson. Hence, the full sum of US$100,000 ought to be added to the final
figure due to the Plaintiffs. The basis for the Plaintiffs’ claim was the fact
that this payment, made on 31 January 2001, had been made in response to an
invoice dated 5 December 2000 in respect of a “Lump Sum Contract Payment for
‘Feasibilities Studies Contract’”.

5 The Defendants’ explanation for this payment was that although Mr Johnson
had indeed prepared a feasibility study, he had already been paid about
A$4,000 for it sometime in March 2000. Instead, this payment was actually for
mobilization expenses, which Reliance had agreed to pay when it was agreed
between Reliance and the joint venture that the hourly rate payable to
specialists engaged to work on the Reliance project would be reduced from
US$75 to US$70. As there would be problems prepaying monies out of India if it
was described as an upfront payment, it had been agreed that Mr Johnson’s
earlier report would be repackaged and sent again to Reliance, as a pretext
for the payment of the mobilization expenses.

6 It is apt at this juncture to note that much was made in submissions by
Plantiffs’ counsel of the fact that the Defendants were in the position of
trustees being called to account, and that the duty on them was of the highest
standard. While I agreed with this characterization of the duty borne by the
Defendants, I was of the view that the explanation offered by the Defendants
as to the payment of the US$100,000 could nevertheless be accepted, even if,
in doing so, the Defendants had admitted to mischaracterising the nature of
the payment in their records. In so deciding, I noted that Mr Johnson had
stated in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, filed for the trial on
liability, that Reliance had agreed, in November 2000, to pay the joint
venture US$100,000 as mobilization expenses. The coincidence in amount, as
well as the closeness in time of these two events, led me to conclude that the
Defendants’ explanation was to be preferred. In any event, I also found the
Plaintiffs’ claim that a feasibility report had a price tag of US$100,000,
when Mr Johnson had only been paid A$4,000 for an earlier feasibility report,
to be rather far-fetched. This was all the more so when Mr Johnson had stated
at the trial that about half of the second report consisted of the same
material as that comprising the first report he had submitted, and that it had
been the Defendants that assembled the second report, without his input or
supervision.

7 Hence, I concluded that the sum comprising this category had been properly
characterized as partnership money in the accounts, and could not be the
subject of a claim by the Plaintiffs.

**Category 2**

8 The dispute raised by the Plaintiffs in relation to this category arose from
the fact that the invoices rendered in support showed payments due of
US$2,235,913, while the accounts showed a figure of US$2,233,093. The
Defendants’ explanation for this shortfall was that there were thirteen
invoices for which Reliance adjusted the amount slightly when making payment.
As support for this contention, the Defendants tendered a table showing the
shortfall in payment by Reliance. Be that as it may, given that the Defendants
were trustees rendering an account to the Plaintiffs, I was of the view that
this explanation did not suffice to absolve the Defendants of responsibility
for accounting for the shortfall. As such, I concluded that the amount of
US$2,820, comprising Category 2, was to be added to the final account.

**Categories 3 and 4**

9 The Plaintiffs contested these deductions on several grounds: first, they
relied on clause 2.3(c) of the Service Agreement concluded between the
parties, which provided that “All payments to [the Plaintiffs] shall be gross
without any deduction of taxation.” Hence, the Plaintiffs contended that any
tax withheld by Reliance in making the payments to the Defendants to hold for
the joint venture could not be included when compiling the accounts. The
Defendants’ reply to this submission was that clause 2.3(c) referred only to
any tax paid by the Defendants or the Plaintiffs, and could not be
extrapolated to include any tax paid by Reliance. The Defendants also relied
on clause 2.3(a), which stated that the parties’ shares were to be calculated
from all payments “received” by the Defendants.

10 Reading clauses 2.3(a) and (c) together, I agreed with the Defendants’
contention that clause 2.3(c) could only relate to any tax payable by the
Defendants or the Plaintiffs, but not Reliance. However, this was not the end
of the matter. I noted that the deductions comprising these categories were
for withholding tax, ie that Reliance had withheld the payments in question in
anticipation of the need to pay taxes to the Indian government. Bearing in
mind the trust relationship in the present situation, if the Defendants could
show that such payments had indeed been made, then the deductions were
justified. If, however, the payments had not in fact been made, then the
burden was on the Defendants to seek payment of the withheld monies from
Reliance, and their failure in this regard could not be passed on to the joint
venture.

11 The Defendants purported to rely on a series of documents, introduced
through the videolink evidence of Mr Hardeo Chaturvedi, an accountant, as
evidence that Reliance had paid the withheld monies to the Indian government.
The Plaintiffs contended that these documents were inadmissible for hearsay as
Mr Chaturvedi was not the maker of the documents. Allegations were also made
of fraud and deceit on the part of the Defendants concerning but not
restricted to their allegedly insincere attempts at acquiring the attendance
of a competent witness at the taking of account, and of widespread fraud and
corruption in India in general. For their part, the Defendants contended that
their expert witness, Mr Lai Seng Kwoon, an accountant, had accepted documents
which evidenced the payment of the withholding tax.

12 Dealing first with Mr Lai’s evidence, I noted that it was not strictly
correct to say that Mr Lai had accepted the documents which evidenced payment
of the tax by Reliance. Instead, Mr Lai stated in his report that he had
“sighted copies of certificates of deduction of tax at source for the taxes
withheld and paid by Reliance”. He went on to conclude that on the basis of
these documents, “the taxes appeared to have been withheld by Reliance”. In
view of the careful wording of Mr Lai’s conclusion, I was of the view that
this part of his report was not relevant to the present issue, which was on
whether the tax had in fact been paid.

13 Turning now to the evidence of Mr Chaturvedi, without even considering the
allegations of fraud made by the Plaintiffs, it was clear that he was not the
proper witness to introduce the supporting documents in question. Mr
Chaturvedi had not even signed off on the tax “challans” in question, nor had
he been approached by the Defendants to testify on the documents until the
eleventh hour. Instead, the Defendants had concentrated their efforts on
securing the attendance of one Mr Rajesh Chaturvedi and one Mr Narayan, both
of Mr Chaturvedi’s firm, and indeed it had been Mr Rajesh Chaturvedi whose
signature was on the documents the Defendants sought to rely on. Nevertheless,
Mr Chaturvedi claimed that he was competent to introduce the documents as he
had assisted in their preparation and was familiar with the situation.

14 Mr Chaturvedi’s own actions, however, belied his words. It was patently
obvious that Mr Chaturvedi was not familiar with his own affidavit of
evidence-in-chief, which comprised in the main the supporting documents. He
needed the prompting of two unidentified men seated next to him before he
could even begin to navigate the document, and the two men at one point even
leafed through the affidavit to point out various pages which Mr Chaturvedi
then gave testimony on. When asked to leave the room early on, these
unidentified men purported to comply with the direction but in truth only
remained off camera. That they continued to interfere with Mr Chaturvedi’s
testimony was obvious from the oral promptings which they continued to give
him, and which were audible over the videolink.

15 The documents purporting to show the payment of tax not being received into
evidence, I concluded that the Defendants had failed to show that such the tax
withheld by Reliance had in fact been paid to the Indian government. They were
hence not justified in reflecting these alleged tax payments in the account,
and the sum of US$203,313.93 (being the total of Categories 3 and 4) was added
to the final account.

**Category 5**

16 This category of deductions concerned alleged salary payments, which the
Plaintiffs contested as no salary vouchers or other documents had been adduced
to support the payments. However, it was clear that the disputed sums were
fully accounted for, either in the form of advices of telegraphic transfer
from banks, or bank cheque deposit slips. The issue was whether such evidence
sufficed for the exercise at hand.

17 The Defendants’ expert witness, Mr Lai, was of the view that while the
issuance of payment vouchers was a routine practice, it was not critical, and
that the advices tendered by the Defendants were adequate to support the fact
that these payments had been made. This assertion, however, had to be weighed
with the fact that it was made patently clear during his cross-examination
that Mr Lai had not been informed when he was instructed that he was to
comment on the situation of a trustee giving an account to a beneficiary. Once
he had been so informed, Mr Lai also accepted that since the present situation
was a trustee situation, the rules and duties which applied to the Defendants
were very strict, and also accepted that if a claim could not be supported by
a receipt, it would be disallowed.

18 I was also mindful of the concession made by Mr Lai at the close of his
cross-examination that his report was “irrelevant” where trust monies was
concerned. However, given the context in which that admission was made, and
the flow and direction which the cross-examination took, I was of the view
that this concession related more properly to the issue of the Category 7
deductions, which are considered further below. Where the salary payments were
concerned, I considered Mr Lai’s testimony during cross-examination, viz. that
receipts were needed to justify payments, to be consistent with the report.
While the bank advices tendered by the Defendants were not as satisfactory as
an acknowledgement of receipt from the alleged payees, they nevertheless
showed that the contested payments had in fact been made. Hence, I concluded
that it was proper for the Defendants to include the deductions in this
category when rendering their account.

**Category 6**

19 It was conceded by the Defendants’ Ms Lim during cross-examination that
this deduction had been overstated by US$4,800 when the accounts were
rendered, such that the deduction should only have been US$4,434.23. As to
this balance, no document was adduced to support this deduction until the
hearing itself, when Ms Lim referred to a table of payments and some receipts.
The Plaintiffs contended that the table was self-serving and did not support
the payments as being reasonably or validly made. The Defendants, for their
part, then contended in submissions that this amount of US$4,434.23 had
already been accounted for to the Plaintiffs when Mr Johnson was paid
US$15,419.54 in July 2001, but did not explain how this was made out.

20 I noted that table which Ms Lim referred to as evidence supporting the
expenses comprising the sum of US$4,434.23 was one which the Defendants
themselves had created. Of the four expenses listed in that document, receipts
were produced for only two items – namely advertising expenses in Singapore,
and advertising expenses in Malaysia. It was pointed out in cross-examination,
however, that the Malaysian advertising expenses had not been paid by the
Defendants, but by a company called Hong Hua Guan Marine & Engineering Sdn
Bhd. Ms Lim claimed that this company was the Defendants’ Malaysian
subsidiary, but there was no evidence proving this, much less the fact that
the Defendants had reimbursed this company for the monies paid out. Bearing in
mind the strict duties placed on the Defendants in the accounting exercise, I
was of the view that only the sum attributable to advertisement in Singapore,
which Ms Lim had put at US$363.47, were properly deductible. Hence, I added
the figure of US$8,870.76 was added to the final account rendered.

**Category 7**

21 This category concerned deductions made by the Defendants to the tune of
US$15,000 per month, which the Defendants claimed they were contractually
entitled under clause 2.3(a) of the Service Agreement as “reasonable
expenses”. Ms Lim explained that she had arrived at this figure by considering
first the Defendants’ income as a whole, and then the Defendants’ income which
was attributable to the Reliance project, to arrive at a proportion. The
Defendants’ expenses as a whole had then been considered, and the same
proportion as derived from the income figures was then applied to the expenses
to derive the expenses attributable to the Reliance project. This method of
calculation was initially supported by Mr Lai, who stated in his report that
the use of revenue as a benchmark to allocate common costs was not
unreasonable.

22 However, as had already been mentioned in paragraph 17 above, Mr Lai was
not aware, until he was cross-examined at the account-taking, that he was
reporting on a trustee situation. Once that was made clear, he conceded that
his report was irrelevant to the present exercise. Another factor which had to
be taken into account was the fact that Reliance paid for almost all of the
joint venture’s expenses, such as airfare, lodging and food. From Ms Lim’s
cross-examination, it appeared that the only expenses which the Defendants
incurred for the joint venture were use of furniture, computer and electricity
supply, invoices and email. I failed to see how any of these services could in
any way costs more than a nominal sum per month, given that the entire project
was based in India. I also found other expenses which Ms Lim regarded as
chargeable to the Reliance project to be patently ludicrous, such as charging
a vehicle usage fee and chauffeur’s fees for her trips to the bank to pay in
the worker’s salaries. Finally, I was mindful of Mr Johnson’s testimony that
Mr Lim had told him that neither joint venture partner was to be allowed to
claim expenses from the joint venture’s accounts, such that invoices he
submitted on behalf of the Plaintiffs were rejected by Mr Lim.

23 In light of all the above, I was of the view that the Category 7 deductions
were not justified, and that the entire amount comprising these deductions had
to be added to the final account.

**Conclusion**

24 In light of the foregoing, I concluded that the true amount to be rendered
under the account was US$650,652.34, such that the Plaintiffs’ share was
US$325,326.17. I also awarded costs and interest to the Plaintiffs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 13 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

