Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## UCO Bank v Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd  
[2004] SGHC 185

Case Number | : | Suit 1582/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Thian Yee Sze SAR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Bazul Ashhab/Karnan Thirupathy (T S Oon & Bazul) for the plaintiffs; Toh Kian Sing/John Seow (Rajah & Tann) for the defendants   
Parties | : |  UCO Bank — Golden Shore Transportation Pte Ltd   
  
** 25 August 2004 : **

**SAR Thian Yee Sze**

GROUNDS OF JUDGMENT

This was an application by the plaintiff for summary judgment against the
defendant for the value of cargo under four bills of lading in the sum of
USD556,514.08 or in the alternative, interlocutory judgment with damages to be
assessed. At the outset, parties agreed that the arguments before me would be
confined to the application in Suit 1582 of 2001 (there were three other
similar applications in Suit 1583 of 2001, Suit 56 of 2002 and Suit 184 of
2002).

_The facts_

2 The background of the case has been elaborated on in detail by the Court of
Appeal in its decision (in [2003] SGCA 43) on an application for a stay of
proceedings in favour of India on the ground that there was an exclusive
jurisdiction clause, which was dismissed by the court. It would suffice to
highlight the salient facts relevant to the application before me.

3 This is an action for the wrongful delivery of cargo without the production
of relevant bills of lading (“B/Ls”). The plaintiff (“UCO”) is a foreign bank
incorporated in India carrying on a banking business in Singapore through a
branch. The defendant (“Golden Shore”) is the owner of the vessel, “ASEAN
PIONEER”, whose master issued the B/Ls in question in respect of cargo
comprising logs shipped from Malaysia to India. Various shippers of the cargo
sold logs to SOM International Pte Ltd (“SOM”). SOM arranged for one set of
cargo to be shipped on board the “ASEAN PIONEER” from various East Malaysian
ports to the Port of Kandla in India. SOM was a customer of UCO. To pay for
the cargo, UCO issued negotiable letters of credit (“L/Cs”) in favour of the
shippers on SOM’s application. It is important to stress that each B/L stated
that the consignee was “TO ORDER OF UCO BANK SINGAPORE”. The notifying parties
were SOM and UCO.

4 Between December 2000 and January 2001, the shippers separately presented
the documents called for under the L/Cs, including the B/Ls issued by Golden
Shore, through their negotiating bank, HSBC, at the latter’s different
branches. However, the shippers did not indorse any of the B/Ls, either in
blank or specifically, in favour of HSBC. HSBC then presented the documents,
including the B/Ls, to UCO as the issuing bank, for reimbursement. Once again,
HSBC did not indorse the B/Ls, either in blank or specifically, in favour of
UCO. UCO paid out a total of USD556,514.08 to various branches of HSBC.

5 In the meantime, and without the knowledge of UCO, SOM procured the issuance
of a second set of B/Ls (“the switched bills”) by promising Golden Shore that
the original B/Ls would be returned to them. SOM provided a letter of
undertaking in this regard. In the switched bills, SOM was named as the
shipper. However, the original bills (which were held by UCO) were never
returned to Golden Shore as promised. The switched bills were transferred by
SOM to buyers in India. When the “ASEAN PIONEER” arrived in Kandla, India, on
or about 15 January 2001, the cargo was delivered to the various Indian
receivers upon presentation of the switched B/Ls.

6 Despite several requests by UOC to SOM for repayment of the sums under the
L/Cs, SOM did not do so. On 21 June 2001, Golden Shore wrote to UCO to ask for
the return of the original B/Ls. UCO reserved their rights against Golden
Shore. Subsequently, on 20 December 2001, UCO instituted the present action
against Golden Shore for damages for breach of its duty to the plaintiff as
bailiffs and/or carrier under the contract of carriage contained in or
evidenced by the original B/Ls by wrongfully delivering the cargo on the
presentation of the switched B/Ls.

_Whether UCO has the title to sue – whether it is the lawful holder of the
four bills of lading_

7 At the summary judgment application before me, Golden Shore’s counsel
applied for the court to determine a point under Order 14 r 12 as to whether
UCO had the title to sue under the original B/Ls. As the right to suit was a
condition which UCO had to satisfy before it could lay claim to its
substantive rights, if any, in the entire action, I directed that parties make
full submissions on this point.

8 Whether UCO had the title to sue depended on whether it was the lawful
holder of the four original bills of lading. To that we turn to the Bills of
Lading Act (Cap 384) (“the Act”), which sets out the statutory framework for
determining the rights of suit. Section 2(1) states:

2(1) Subject to the following provisions of this section, a person who becomes
–

The lawful holder of a bill of lading;

…

shall (by virtue of becoming the holder of the fill or, as the case may be,
the person to whom delivery is to be made) have transferred to and vested in
him all rights of suit under the contract of carriage as if he had been a
party to that contract.

Section 2(1) is worded in the same way as section 2(1) of the United Kingdom’s
Carriage of Goods by Sea Act 1992 (“the UK Act”). The UK Act adopted their Law
Commissions’ recommendations regarding the rights of suit. With this, the
title to sue derives from enquiring whether the bill of lading is lawfully
held, rather than by examining how or when the property passed.

9 When then, does a person become a _lawful holder_ of a bill of lading under
section 2(1)? Section 5(2) defines the holder of a billing of lading as:

(a) a person with possession of the bill who, by virtue of being the person
identified in the bill, is the consignee of the goods to which the bill
relates;

(b) a person with possession of the bill as a result of the completion, by
delivery of the bill, of any indorsement of the bill or, in the case of a
bearer bill, of any other transfer of the bill;

(c) …

and a person shall be regarded for the purposes of this Act as having become
the lawful holder of a bill of lading wherever he has become the holder of the
bill in good faith.

Essentially, lawful holders are consignees in possession (section 5(2)(a)) or
indorsees with possession of the bills of lading by way of delivery and
holders of bearer bills (section 5(2)(b)). Once a person become a lawful
holder of the bill of lading, the rights of suit under the contract of
carriage is transferred to and vested in him.

10 Both parties did not dispute that the four original B/Ls in contention were
order bills of lading. The commentary in _Carver on Bills of Lading_ (1st
Edition, 2001), gives a succinct description of the characteristics of the two
types of order bills in paragraph 1-004:

An order bill is one which provides for delivery of the goods to be made to
the order of a person named in the bill. Such bills are of two kinds. The
first provides for delivery of the goods to a named consignee or to his “order
or assigns” … The second simply makes the goods deliverable “to order or
assigns” … without naming a consignee. The first kind of order bill is said to
be made out to the order of the consignee, for on the face of the bill it is
the consignee who is entitled (if he does not wish the goods to be delivered
to himself) to order the goods to be delivered to another person. In the case
of an order bill of the second kind, no person is on the face of the bill
entitled to give such orders and it is the shipper who is entitled to give
orders to the carrier with respect to the person to whom or to whose order the
goods are to be delivered …

In paragraph 1-012, the authors of _Carver_ add:

It should be added that even where a bill of lading is made out to the order
of a named consignee, the shipper may, nevertheless, be entitled to require
the carrier to deliver the goods to another person.

The four original B/Ls were order bills to a named consignee, UCO.

11 Counsel for UCO contended that, as UCO was the named consignee in the order
bills, section 5(2)(a) applied as UCO was in possession of the B/Ls. Counsel
for Golden Shore argued, on the other hand, that the relevant provision was
section 5(2)(b) and not section 5(2)(a) as the latter provision only applied
if the B/Ls were directly delivered by the shipper to UCO as the named
consignee. In this case, however, the shipper purported to transfer the title
in the B/Ls to HSCB, and not UCO. The answer to this turned on the court’s
interpretation of the scope of sections 5(2)(a) and (b).

12 As mentioned earlier, section 5(2)(a) applies to a case of a named
consignee with possession of the bill. In _East West Corp v DKBS 1912_ [2003]
1 Lloyd’s Rep 239, which was a case regarding section 5(2) of the UK Act (the
wording of which is identical to our section 5(2)), the claimant shippers
contended that they had title to sue in that they had retained their rights of
suit as shippers and these had not been transferred to the Chilean banks even
though the banks were named as consignees in the order bills and the banks had
obtained physical possession of the bills of lading from the claimants. The
English Court of Appeal held that the express consignment of the goods under
the bills to the Chilean banks or order, followed by the delivery of such
bills to the banks by or under the authority of the claimants, equated with a
personal indorsement. Lord Justice Mance enunciated this at page 247 of the
judgment:

I there agree with the Judge that the respondents’ (claimants’) rights of suit
under the contracts of carriage were transferred to the Chilean banks when
they became holders of the bills delivered to them **_by or with the authority
of the respondents_** (emphasis mine).

In our present case, the original B/Ls were delivered to UCO by HSBC and _not_
the shippers. It also could not be said that HSBC delivered the bills to UCO
with the authority of the shippers. This is in contrast to the situation in
_East West Corp_ , where the bills were delivered by the shippers to the named
consignees, in which case, section 5(2)(a) operated and the Chilean banks
became the lawful holders of the bills.

13 UCO’s contention implied that so long as a named consignee came into
physical possession of the order bill, the title to sue was transferred
regardless of how the consignee came into possession of the bill. Mere
delivery of the bill, through whatever mode, sufficed. With respect, I could
not agree. In _Aegean Sea Traders Corp v Repsol Petroleo S.A. (The Aegean
Sea)_ [1998] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 39, X sold oil to Y, who resold it to Z. By
mistake, X indorsed the bill of lading to Z instead of Y, and sent it to Y. Y
forwarded it to Z, who then returned it to X. It was held that Z was not a
lawful holder of the bill merely as a result of its having been sent to him by
post. The court opined that the bill was delivered to Z not by X (the indorser
of the bill) but by Y, such that there was no delivery of the bill by X to
complete the indorsement. Although this case was a dispute on the
interpretation of section 5(2)(b) of the UK Act, it gives guidance as to the
mental element required before delivery or possession is effected.

14 On my reading of the above two cases, it is evident that there is an
underlying assumption that delivery to the named consignee in section 5(2)(a)
or the indorsee in section 5(2)(b) is to be made by the shipper in section
5(2)(a) or the indorser in section 5(2)(b). The delivery of the bills must be
made by the shipper, and not by any intermediary party. Hence, I found that
section 5(2)(a) was not applicable as delivery of the order bill to UCO was
not made by the shippers.

15 Having found that UCO did not become a lawful holder of the original B/Ls
by virtue of section 5(2)(a), I turned to the question of whether section
5(2)(b) assisted UCO in this regard. Section 5(2)(b) lays down two pre-
requisites before a person becomes a holder of a bill of lading. First, the
person must be indorsed with the bill. Second, the person must be in
possession of the bill by delivery. The original B/Ls were not indorsed to
HSBC by the shippers – they were merely delivered to HSBC (it should be noted
that similarly, when HSCB forwarded the B/Ls to UCO, there was no indorsement
made by HSBC). It is trite law that a person can only become a lawful holder
of a bill of lading if there is an appropriate indorsement – see _Keppel
Tatlee Bank v Bandung Shipping_ [2003] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 619. Accordingly, HSBC
did not become a holder of the B/Ls under section 5(2)(b). The logical
conclusion that followed was that UCO too could not have been a holder of the
B/Ls by definition since HSBC had no title to transfer in the first place.

16 Section 2(1) did not operate in the circumstances as UCO never became a
holder of the four original B/Ls. As the title to sue never vested in UCO,
they did not have the _locus standi_ to institute this action either in
contract or the tort of conversion or negligence against Golden Shore. The
rights to suit remained with the shippers.

17 For the reasons above, I dismissed UCO’s application for summary judgment
and struck out their action on the ground that they did not have the _locus
standi_ to commence the action. The cost of this application and the action is
awarded in favour of the defendant, Golden Shore, and payable by the
plaintiff, UCO, to be agreed or taxed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

