Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v DU  
[2004] SGHC 238

Case Number | : | CC 14/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 October 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Eugene Lee Yee Leng and Chong Li Min (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for prosecution; S K Kumar (S K Kumar and Associates) for accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — DU   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Alibi – Whether defence of alibi
established  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Framing of charge – Whether
particulars in charge reasonably sufficient – Section 159(1) Criminal
Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed).  
  
Evidence – Admissibility of evidence – Whether statement made to the police
was voluntary – Section 122(5) Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed).  
  
Evidence – Sexual offences – Child victim – Whether delay in making complaint
affected credibility of complainant  
  

25 October 2004

Woo Bih Li J:

**Introduction**

1 The accused person (“the Accused”) was charged with the following offences:

That you, [name of the Accused]

_1ST CHARGE_

sometime between 1998 and 1999, at Block 370 Tampines Street 34 #xx,
Singapore, did voluntarily have carnal intercourse against the order of nature
with [the alleged Victim’s name was stated and I will refer to her as “V”],
female/12 years old, to wit, by forcing the said [V] to perform an act of
fellatio on you, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
section 377 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

_2nd CHARGE_

sometime between 1998 and 1999, at Block 370 Tampines Street 34 #xx,
Singapore, did use criminal force on one [V], female/12 years old, intending
to outrage her modesty, to wit, by inserting an object into her vagina, and in
order to facilitate the commission of the said offence, you voluntarily caused
wrongful restraint to the said [V], and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under section 354A(2)(b) of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

**Objection under section 159(1) Criminal Procedure Code**

2 The Defence objected to the charges on the ground that it was vague in the
light of s 159(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”)
which states:

The charge shall contain such particulars as to the time and place of the
alleged offence and the person, if any, against whom or the thing, if any, in
respect of which it was committed as are _reasonably sufficient_ to give the
accused notice of the matter with which he is charged. [emphasis added]

3 The Defence pointed out that under s 159(2) CPC it is where the charge
involves criminal breach of trust or dishonest misappropriation of money that
the charge may state the dates between which the offence is alleged to have
been committed and this too is subject to a proviso that the time included
between the first and last of such dates shall not exceed one year.

4 The Defence also relied on some cases but I need mention three only, _ie_ ,
_R v Mohamed Ali_ [1933] MLJ 74 (“ _Mohamed Ali_ ”), _PP v Yap Kok Meng_
[1974] 1 MLJ 108 (“ _Yap Kok Meng_ ”) and _Lim Chuan Huat v PP_ [2002] 1 SLR
105 (“ _Lim Chuan Huat_ ”). The Defence submitted that the charges severely
compromised the Accused who might otherwise be able to raise an alibi defence.

5 The Prosecution submitted that I should also take into account s 160 CPC,
besides s 159. Section 160 states:

When the nature of the case is such that the particulars mentioned in sections
158 and 159 do not give the accused sufficient notice of the matter with which
he is charged, the charge shall also contain such particulars of the manner in
which the alleged offence was committed as will be sufficient for that
purpose.

6 The Prosecution submitted that it could only provide particulars as to the
date of an offence in a charge if the victim were able to provide them. Here,
V was not able to provide the date of the offence with any specificity. It
submitted that s 160 recognises that there may be cases where such particulars
will not be stated in the charge. The Prosecution also submitted that this was
not the first time that a court had dealt with such charges. I list below some
of the cases the Prosecution relied on:

_Case No_ |  _Judge/Court_ |  _Offence_ |  _Date in the Charge_  
---|---|---|---  
CC 14/1999 |  Tay Yong Kwang JC |  s 377 PC  
(carnal intercourse) |  1997 (Ninth charge)  
Cr App 8/1999 |  Court of Criminal Appeal |  s 376(1) PC  
(rape) |  Sometime in 1997  
(Second charge)  
CC 29/2002 |  Tay Yong Kwang JC |  s 352 PC  
(assault or criminal force) |  Sometime between 1999 or 2000  
CC 53/2002 |  MPH Rubin J |  s 354 PC  
(assault or criminal force with intent to outrage modesty) |  Sometime in 1996 (Fifth Charge  
  
7 In some of the cases listed above, the accused persons pleaded guilty whilst
in others, trial was claimed. In any event, the point about vagueness of the
charge was apparently not argued.

8 In my view, s 160 did not assist. From the illustrations given under the
section, this section relates to cases where even with the particulars
mentioned in s 159 (and s 158), the nature of the case is such that there is
insufficient notice to the accused person of the matter with which he is
charged. For example, illus (b) states:

A is accused of cheating B at a given time and place. The charge must set out
the manner in which A cheated B.

9 As for the case of _Lim Chuan Huat_ , that pertains to a different point. In
that case, each of two accused persons was charged with committing various
offences within a period of about three months. I need refer only to the
charge against Lim Chuan Huat to facilitate a better understanding of the
judgment in that case. The charge read:

That you, Lim Chuan Huat, M/42 years, are charged that you on various
occasions between the 5th day of March 1999 to the 11th day of June 1999, at
Blk 295 Choa Chu Kang Avenue 2 #12-159, Singapore, did voluntarily cause hurt
to one Suprapti, F/27 years, to wit, by hitting her back, shoulders and hands
with your hands and a rattan cane, and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under section 323 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224, read with section
73(2) of the Penal Code Chapter 224.

10 It was in that context that Chief Justice Yong Pung How said that the
charges were drafted in breach of s 159(1) CPC. At [20], he said:

In relation to the charges, I found the phrase ‘various occasions’ ambiguous.
It shed no light at all on the exact number of occasions each appellant had
allegedly caused hurt to the victim. The manner in which the charge was
drafted also left the reader in doubt as to how each appellant had allegedly
caused hurt to the victim. It was also unclear whether the nature of hurt
inflicted by the appellants differed between each of these ‘various occasions’
or whether it was always the exact combination of acts as stipulated in the
appellants’ charges. Taking Lim as an example, did he always cause hurt to the
victim by hitting her on her back, shoulders and hands with his hands and a
cane, or were there instances where he had only used a cane to hit the victim
on her palms?

11 However, Yong CJ noted s 162 CPC and found that the appellant accused
persons were not misled by the errors in their respective charges and
therefore Yong CJ did not consider the errors to be material.

12 Accordingly, the point in that case was not whether the period between 5
March 1999 to 11 June 1999 (in the context of the charge against Lim Chuan
Huat) was vague.

13 It is perhaps because of that case that in the present case the charge
under s 377 Penal Code reflected only one offence and not various offences,
even though the evidence which the Prosecution adduced suggested that the
offences, if indeed committed by the Accused, had been committed perhaps five
times. The Prosecution also confirmed in the trial that the charge under s 377
Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) related to the first of such offences.

14 As I have mentioned, the Accused also faced a second charge. The
Prosecution confirmed that the second charge was in respect of the same
occasion as the first charge.

15 Coming back to the point about vagueness arising from the period of two
years, I refer to the case of _Mohamed Ali_ where Terrell J said at 75:

The accused is the licensee of the Madras Cafe and was charged under Section
33(c) of Ordinance No 96 (Minor Offences) with having knowingly permitted
prostitutes to meet and remain at the Cafe between 29th April and 7th June,
1931.

I should mention to begin with that I consider that the dates on which the
alleged offence was committed are far too vague and that one or two specific
dates should have been mentioned so as to enable the accused person to know
the charge which he was called upon to meet.

16 In _Yap Kok Meng_ , Hashim Yeop A Sani J said at 109:

It is fundamental in the system of justice as we know it that a person accused
of a criminal offence must be informed clearly of the charge made against him.
The first charge in the instant case commences with the words “That you
between 27 September 1972 at about 6.30 pm and 8.05 am 22 December 1972 at
Batu 14 Kuala Lumpur-Ipoh Road, Rawang …”. These words are unclear and can be
construed in various ways and to that extent the charge was badly drafted. The
Criminal Procedure Code states in clear terms in section 153(i) that the
charge shall contain such particulars as to the time and place of the alleged
offence and the person, if any, against whom or the thing, if any, in respect
of which it was committed as are reasonably sufficient to give the accused
notice of the matter with which he is charged. Any charge which is not in
conformity with this is bad. The fact that counsel for the accused had not
drawn the attention of the learned President in the first instance will not
alter the position. It is a fundamental rule that an allegation must be stated
with sufficient precision to enable the accused to meet the allegation. I
would also like to repeat the words of Adams J in _Mee Lian Co v Public
Prosecutor_ that it is also the duty of the court to see that a charge is
properly drawn at the time it is read and explained to the defendant.

17 In Tan Yock Lin, _Criminal Procedure_ (LexisNexis, 2004) vol 2, ch XIV,
these two cases are mentioned with the following comments, at [654]:

These cases do not generalize to a proposition that any indication of a period
of time within which the offence is alleged to have been committed results in
a vague charge. In the first case [meaning _Yap Kok Meng_], if the charge was
true, there would have been possession at various times within the period
indicated. Some instances of possession might have been lawful and the accused
was entitled to know with which instance he was being charged. In the second
case [meaning _Mohamed Ali_], the charge as formulated was consistent with
there having been various meetings at the place of the offence and the accused
was entitled to know which specific event formed the basis of the charge.

18 Note 3 of [654] then states:

_Cf_ a charge that specifies that _an_ offence of carnal intercourse against
the order of nature was committed between January and March 1993, which was
held in _PP v Dato’ Seri Anwar bin Ibrahim_ [2001] 3 MLJ 193 at 249 to be not
vague. It was clear that only one act of carnal intercourse was being alleged.
See also _Ku Lip See v PP_ [1982] 1 MLJ 194 but the Federal Court appeared to
have held that a charge alleging the commission of rape between May 1978 at or
about 7 pm and June 1978 at or about 7 pm contained specific particulars that
the offence was committed on _both_ occasions at about 7 pm: at 195. There is
an argument that a charge which does not specifically particularise the date
of commission of the offence is not vague because such date is not material
unless an essential part of alleged offence. But with respect, the
requirements of s 160 … must not be overlooked. …

19 In _Ratanlal & Dhirajlal’s The Code of Criminal Procedure_ (16th Ed, 2002),
the following comments are made with respect to s 212(1) of the Indian Code
which is _in pari materia_ with s 159(1) CPC:

1\. Scope —An accused person is entitled to know with certainty and accuracy
the exact nature of the charge brought against him. Unless he has [this]
knowledge he would be seriously prejudiced in his defence. However, where it
is not possible for the prosecution to mention particulars precisely having
regard to the nature of the information available to the prosecution, failure
to mention such particulars may not invalidate the charge.

The case of _Ranchhod Lal_ AIR 1965 SC 1248 is cited in footnote 32 as the
authority for the last proposition but the actual authority for that
proposition should be the case cited in n 31, _ie_ _Chittaranjan Das_ AIR 1963
SC 1696.

20 I noted that s 159(1) CPC requires that such particulars as are “reasonably
sufficient” to give an accused person notice of the matter with which he is
charged are to be stated.

21 While it would be ideal if the time and date of an offence were stated in
the charge, there may be occasions where a victim, especially a young victim,
cannot remember the time and date of the offence. This will be all the more so
if the victim does not mention the incident, whether out of fear or ignorance
or some other reason, until much later.

22 Although it could be argued that an accused person would be prejudiced if
the time and date of the offence were not stated because he might otherwise be
able to raise an alibi defence, this argument would still apply even if the
charge were to state that the offence was committed, say, in a particular
month of a particular year. Such an argument, if valid, would mean that very
few cases of sexual abuse against young victims would ever proceed to trial
since young victims may not report sexual abuse immediately and their concept
of time may be less reliable. Furthermore, the Defence did not suggest that a
charge for an offence of sexual abuse said to be committed in a particular
month of a particular year would be vague and prejudicial to an accused
person.

23 In my view, the two charges framed did contain such particulars as to the
time and place as was reasonably sufficient to give the Accused notice of the
matter with which he was charged. As V was not able to give a more precise
date or period of the offences, this would mean that her evidence had to be
more carefully considered but that was another matter.

**Trial within a trial (_voir dire_)**

24 It was the Prosecution’s case that the Accused had given three statements
to the police:

(a) a statement on 5 September 2003 between about 12.00pm to about 1.00pm,

(b) a statement on 5 September 2003 between about 2.35pm to 3.45pm, and

(c) a cautioned statement on 5 September 2003 between 4.00pm to 5.00pm.

The Accused’s position was that the cautioned statement was recorded even
before the statement mentioned in (a) above was recorded.

25 It was quite clear to me from the evidence, which I shall elaborate on
later below, that the cautioned statement was recorded between 4.00pm to
5.00pm of 5 September 2003. I will therefore refer to the statements at (a)
and (b) above as the “first” and “second” statements respectively, and the
third statement at (c) above as “the cautioned statement”.

26 In the first statement, the Accused had admitted and described how he had
caused V to perform fellatio on him although the time frame of the incident
was said to be in the middle of 1997.

27 In the second statement, he mentioned that he caused her to perform
fellatio in the living room of his flat at Block 370 Tampines Street 34 #02-07
(“the Tampines flat”). He said he had only asked her to suck his penis when he
was asked whether he had indulged in other sexual acts with V.

28 The following charge was then read to the Accused by the investigating
officer, Assistant Superintendent of Police Laurence Rajoo (“the IO”) with the
aid of an interpreter:

You,

[name of the Accused], male 36 years old

D.O.B: 01/12/1966

Nric No. S1775961B

are charged that you, sometime between the year 1998 and 1999, at Blk 370
Tampines Street 34 #02-07, Singapore, had carnal intercourse against the order
of nature with one [V], female 12 years old, D.O.B: 18 May 1991, to wit, by
forcing the said [V] to perform an act of fellatio, and you have thereby
committed an offence punishable under Section 377 of the Penal Code, Chapter
224.

29 In the cautioned statement, the Accused said:

The charge is true. But I want the sentence to be lenient because I am the
sole bread winner. My wife is pregnant and I have 2 other children. My wife is
not working. I will change to be a better person and will not do the same
offence again. My army reservist is coming on 16/9/03 to 30/9/03. I wish to
complete it.

30 The Defence challenged the admissibility of these three statements under s
122(5) CPC on the allegation that they had been procured by threats and
inducements.

31 The Defence also challenged the admissibility of another statement made by
the Accused on 11 September 2003 on the same grounds. On this occasion, the
Accused had made a statement to his wife at his flat at Block 894C Woodlands
Drive 50 #03-01, Singapore (“the Woodlands flat”) in the presence of three
police officers above the rank of sergeant. He had asked for forgiveness from
his wife for causing hurt to V. I will refer to this as “the fourth
statement”.

32 The Defence claimed that there were threats and inducements on 4 and 5
September 2003 and those threats and inducements were still operating on the
Accused’s mind on 11 September 2003. Accordingly, with the agreement of the
parties, the _voir dire_ for the fourth statement was conducted in the same
_voir_ _dire_ for the first and second statements and the cautioned statement.
In the course of the _voir dire_ , the Accused also alleged he had been
assaulted.

33 It was not disputed that on 4 September 2003, the IO and Senior Staff
Sergeant Govindharajoo R (“SSSgt Govindharajoo”) had gone to the Woodlands
flat at about 6.00am to ask the Accused to go with them to assist them in
their investigations. It was also not disputed that the Accused wanted to wait
for his father before going with the police officers but he was informed that
his father could go to Criminal Investigation Department (“CID”) where they
would be bringing the Accused.[1]

34 The Accused said that the police officers had knocked loudly at the door of
his flat. However, they denied this, saying that they did not want to wake the
neighbours up. The Accused also said that when he did not open the metal gate
to the Woodlands flat initially, the police officers had threatened to summon
the entire police force to break down the gate to the Woodlands flat and to
let his neighbours know that he was being arrested.[2] The police officers
denied saying this.

35 In any event, the Accused did go with the police officers to CID which was
at Police Cantonment Complex (“PCC”). The Accused claimed that on the way
there, the patrol car driven by SSSgt Govindharajoo hit a taxi but the patrol
car did not stop. This was denied by the police officers who accepted that
there was an accident involving a taxi but that the patrol car was not
involved in the accident. SSSgt Govindharajoo elaborated that from the point
of police procedure, he could not just have driven off and he would also have
had to make a report about the accident, if the patrol car he was driving was
involved in an accident.

36 At about 6.45am, the Accused and the police officers arrived at CID. The IO
brought the Accused to an interview room of the Serious Sexual Crime Branch
(“SSCB”) on the 17th floor and interviewed him there.

37 At about 11.20am, the IO placed the Accused under arrest for an offence of
rape and an unnatural offence under s 376(1) and s 377 of the Penal Code.[3]
He then made an arrest report and handed the Accused over to the lock-up of
Central Police Division at PCC at about 11.45am.[4]

38 In the evening of 4 September 2003, the Accused was brought out of the
lock-up at 6.55pm for another interview by the IO at an interview room on the
17th floor of SSCB. He was brought back to the lock-up at 10.05pm that day.[5]

39 The Accused said that SSSgt Govindharajoo was present throughout the
interviews in the morning and afternoon of 4 September 2003 but both the
police officers said SSSgt Govindharajoo was present from time to time only as
he was walking in and out of the interview room.

40 The Accused said that on 4 September 2003, the police officers kept on
pressing him to admit he had done something wrong to a girl.[6] However he was
not told the identity of the victim or the nature of the offence.

41 As for the identity of V, the Accused shifted his evidence. He said he was
given the full name of V in the evening of 4 September 2003 but the name did
not ring a bell.[7] Subsequently, he said that her full name was mentioned in
the morning of 5 September 2003 after he had been interviewed by the IO and
SSSgt Govindharajoo.[8] It was on his way to a lock-up thereafter that he
began to realise that that was the name of V.[9]

42 The Accused denied that he had been talking about his sexual relationship
with V’s mother on 4 September 2003. He said he only mentioned this to the IO
on 5 September 2003 before the interview in a room behind the lock-up had
taken place.[10]

43 The Accused also said that during the evening interview of 4 September
2003, he was made to stand in a corner of an interview room at the SSCB with
his hands handcuffed behind him. SSSgt Govindharajoo had repeatedly told him
he had better admit to what he had done to a girl.

44 The IO was seated in a chair with his legs on a table. At one point, the IO
stood up, banged his hand on the table and said words to the effect that
everyone whom he had brought to the room had admitted to their crime and the
Accused had better admit also. Thereafter, SSSgt Govindharajoo suddenly swung
his right hand forward to slap the Accused. The Accused was shocked but
managed to avoid the full force of the slap which hit his nose causing his
spectacles to drop down his nose. The tip of his nose was painful.[11] The
Accused also said that after the IO had banged his hand on the table and
threatened the Accused to make an admission, the IO seated himself and put his
legs on the table again and shouted words to the effect that he would put the
Accused’s wife in a lock-up and she could give birth in a lock-up. Also, the
Accused would be blamed for all the rape cases in Woodlands.

45 The Accused initially said that at the evening interview of 4 September
2003, he did ask for permission to see his wife before giving a statement.[12]
However, he changed his evidence to simply requesting to see his wife and
father but without mentioning that he would make a statement thereafter.[13]

46 The Accused also said that during the evening interview on 4 September
2003, SSSgt Govindharajoo had told him in a soft tone that he would arrange
for the Accused to see his wife and father and that his wife could also bring
food to him, if he made an admission.[14]

47 As I have mentioned, the Accused was brought to Alexandra Hospital in the
morning of 5 September 2003 for a pre-statement medical examination. The
doctor who examined him did not notice any physical injury on the Accused who
had complained about a chronic back pain. The Accused said he did not complain
about the events of 4 September 2003 because of the presence of two or three
other escorting officers in the same room as the doctor and him.

48 The Accused said that after he had come back from the pre-statement medical
examination, he was taken up to an interview room again. The IO and SSSgt
Govindharajoo were present and they interviewed him again for one to two and a
half hours.[15] They again asked him to admit to having done something to a
child and the IO mentioned the full name of V but the Accused said he did not
know her and denied doing anything to the child. He said the threats about
locking up his wife till she gave birth in the lock-up and putting the blame
for all the rape cases in Woodlands were repeated. The IO had also said that
the IO would not allow him to see his wife and father until he made an
admission.[16] Up till then, he was still not told the offence which he was to
admit to.

49 The Accused said that he was then brought to the lock-up and shortly
thereafter he was brought to an interview room behind the lock-up for the
recording of a statement by the IO. An interpreter, Ms Masdiana Ramli, was
present too.

50 The Accused also said that when the second statement was recorded, the
interpreter was someone else other than Ms Masdiana. The Accused said that
since he was not wearing his glasses then, it seemed to him that the
interpreter for the second statement had a different figure, looked different
and had a different voice.[17] She appeared pregnant.[18] When the Accused was
asked whether he was referring to another interpreter by the name of Sapiahtun
Mohd Ali who had interpreted other statements to him after 5 September 2003,
the Accused said he did not know this name. He also said that he was not sure
whether Ms Sapiahtun had interpreted statements to him after 5 September
2003[19] but he remembered clearly that she was the interpreter who had
interpreted the second statement to him.[20]

51 When it was pointed out to the Accused that Ms Masdiana’s name was recorded
at the top of the first page of the second statement as being the interpreter
and her signature appeared on every page of that statement, the Accused said
that when he signed the second statement, including the first page thereof,
the top part or heading of the first page was blank. He noticed this because
as he was not having his glasses on, he was more careful when he signed.[21]
He also said that the interpreter of the second statement did not sign on it,
thus suggesting that it was signed later by Ms Masdiana who was not the
interpreter for this statement.[22]

52 Likewise, when the first page of the first statement showing the venue of
the interview to be on the 17th floor at an SSCB interview room and not at an
interview room behind a lock-up, the Accused said that when he signed the
first statement, including the first page, the first page was blank.[23]

53 Coming back to the time on 5 September 2003 just before the Accused had
given any statement, the Accused’s evidence was that when Ms Masdiana was
present, he told her that he had not done anything but she responded that if
he had not done anything, he would not be there.[24]

54 The Accused also said that he had declined to sign the cautioned statement
three times. However, he signed it because the IO had instructed the
interpreter to coax him to sign it and she did.[25] At that time, he was
scared and worried for his family including his pregnant wife who was due to
deliver at any time and his children and job.[26] Subsequently, he added that
it was because of all the threats and inducements on 4 and 5 September 2003
that he signed all the three statements.[27]

55 As for the post-statement medical examination which was done after 5.00pm
of 5 September 2003, the Accused said that again he did not disclose the
threats and inducements to the doctor because of the presence of escorting
officers.[28]

56 On 11 September 2003, the Accused was brought to the Woodlands flat for a
search to be done. On this occasion, he knelt down before his wife and asked
her for forgiveness for what he had done to V. As I have said, the
voluntariness of this statement was also challenged by the Accused.

57 The Accused’s version was that while he was brought out of the lock-up on
11 September 2003 before making the trip to the Woodlands flat, the IO had
told him that he could not talk to anyone in the flat. The IO had also said
that if he wanted to talk to his wife, he must ask her for forgiveness for
having caused hurt to V.[29] This was allegedly repeated by the IO just before
they entered the flat. The Accused then said that he decided to speak to his
wife and ask her for such forgiveness because the IO instructed him to do so
and he was in fear because of the events on 4 and 5 September 2003.[30] He
said that he wanted to say something else to his wife after he had sought her
forgiveness but did not do so because someone pulled him back. Shortly after
that, one of the police officers told him to say what he liked to his wife but
he refrained from doing so as he remembered that he had been told that he was
only to ask for forgiveness from his wife.[31]

58 The Accused said that he did subsequently complain about being forced to
give statements on 5 September 2003. The complaint was made to Dr Tommy Tan at
Changi Prison Hospital the next day after the Accused was brought to the
Woodlands flat.[32] The Accused said he informed Dr Tan that he was told to
admit to something he had not done. He was slapped and threatened that his
wife would be put in a lock-up and made to give birth there. He would be
blamed for all the rape cases in Woodlands.[33] He also told Dr Tan that he
had been worried about his family as he was the sole breadwinner and
especially about his wife who was due to give birth on 12 or 13 September
2003.[34] As it turned out, the Accused’s wife had already given birth before
11 September 2003 but he did not know this until 11 September 2003. The
Accused also told Dr Tan that he could not sleep, he was thinking about his
predicament and had lost his appetite.[35]

59 The Defence called Dr Tommy Tan as its second witness for the _voir dire_.
Dr Tan was a consultant psychiatrist who was attached to Woodbridge Hospital
at the time he gave evidence for the _voir dire_. He had examined the Accused
on three occasions: on 23, 26 and 30 September 2003 at the old Changi Prison
Hospital in order to produce a psychiatric report on the Accused. He had made
contemporaneous case notes of what the Accused had told him. I state below Dr
Tan’s evidence as to what the Accused had told him based on his case notes.

60 On 23 September 2003, the Accused told Dr Tan that the policeman would slap
him if he did not confess. The policeman did not slap him. The Accused had
kept telling the police that he did not do anything wrong.[36]

61 On 26 September 2003, the Accused told Dr Tan that the police said he had
committed the alleged offence in 1998 or 1999 and it was committed in his
previous residence at the Tampines flat. He had emphasised to them that he did
not commit the offence. He said he had made a confession to the police. He was
under stress. He was not allowed to talk or see his family. The police
threatened to slap him but did not do so. He said he confessed because he was
scared. A female police officer kept asking him repeatedly if he had committed
the offence.[37]

62 Dr Tan said that the Accused had said he was under stress and was scared
because the female officer had repeatedly questioned him and the police had
threatened to slap him. However the Accused did not name the police officers
who had interviewed him.[38]

63 On 30 September 2003, the Accused did not tell Dr Tan anything else about
what happened to him while he was in police custody.

64 Dr Tan had noted in a medical report dated 1 October 2003 that when he had
examined the Accused, the Accused had symptoms of depression. That report said
that the Accused had said that his appetite was not good and his sleep was
disturbed, as he was worried about his family. The Accused had said his mood
was low. He spoke in an anxious tone.

65 There was no record in Dr Tan’s case notes that the Accused had informed
him of any of the following:

(a) that the Accused was in fact slapped by the police,

(b) that the police had threatened to put his wife in a lock-up and make her
give birth there,

(c) that the police had threatened to blame all the rape cases in Woodlands on
the Accused.

66 Dr Tan’s evidence was that if he had not written down such allegations, it
meant that probably the Accused had not mentioned them to him.[39] Dr Tan also
said that when the Accused was examined by him on all three occasions, the
Accused was not wearing spectacles but he did not appear confused.[40]
However, he was squinting.[41]

67 The third and last witness for the defence in the _voir dire_ was the
Accused’s wife, “W”. She said that on 11 September 2003, after the Accused had
asked her for forgiveness for what he had done to V, he was pulled back by an
officer before he could say any other word.[42] The Accused had looked
frightened, worried and scared when he had asked for forgiveness.[43]

68 She said that thereafter, she met the Accused on 6 October 2003 at
Queenstown Remand Prison.[44] The Accused had informed her that he had been
forced to ask for forgiveness. He had mentioned the name of the officer but
she could not recall the name. The Accused had said that he was threatened in
that if he did not seek her forgiveness, he would be blamed for all offences
in Woodlands. Also, she would be put in a cell to give birth to their third
child. She could not recall whether her husband had ever mentioned that he
would be slapped.[45] In cross-examination, she said that the Accused did tell
her that the police had hit him on his nose and that the police had tried to
slap him.[46]

69 The evidence for the Prosecution was that SSSgt Govindharajoo was walking
in and out of the interview room on the 17th floor on 4 September 2003 and he
was not present throughout the interview. The IO and he said that the Accused
was told of the nature of the offences, _ie_ rape and unnatural offence, and
the name of V on 4 September 2003. They agreed that throughout 4 September
2003, the Accused denied having committed such offences. They denied all the
Accused’s allegations of threats, assault and inducement. They said that
during the interviews on 4 September 2003, the Accused had been going on about
his relationship with V’s mother and he was remorseful about this. The Accused
had said that he wanted to meet his wife before giving a statement. However,
he was not allowed to do so.

70 On 5 September 2003, the Accused was brought to Alexandra Hospital in the
morning for a pre-statement medical examination. He was brought back to PCC
and handed over to the IO at an interview room of SSCB at about 11.47am. SSSgt
Govindharajoo was not present and there was no interview before the recording
of the first statement.

71 The information recorded on the first statement indicated that the
recording of the statement started at 12.00pm and ended at 1.00pm. The
information recorded on the second statement showed that the recording started
at about 2.35pm and ended at 3.45pm. The information from both the first and
second statements revealed that the recording was done at room #17-06 of SSCB,
which was on the 17th floor, and not in a room behind a lock-up. The name of
the interpreter for both these statements was recorded as Ms Masdiana. Her
signature was found on every page thereof. Likewise her signature was found on
every page of the charge and cautioned statement and there was information
thereon that the recording thereof was from 4.00pm to 5.00pm. The evidence
from the IO and Ms Masdiana was that the cautioned statement was also recorded
at the same interview room as the first and second statements.

72 The IO and Ms Masdiana said that she was the interpreter for all these
three statements which were recorded in the interview room of SSCB on the 17th
floor and not at an interview room behind the lock-up. Ms Masdiana denied that
the Accused had told her before the recording of any of these statements that
he did not do anything. She also denied that she had responded that if he had
not done anything, he would not be there. The evidence for the prosecution was
also that the Accused was wearing his spectacles when these three statements
were recorded.

73 After these three statements were given, the Accused was brought to
Alexandra Hospital for a post-statement medical examination.

74 It was common ground that he did not complain to either of the doctors at
the pre-statement and post-statement medical examination of any threat,
assault or inducement.

75 As regards 11 September 2003 when the Accused was brought to the Woodlands
flat for a search, the IO denied that he had told the Accused that he could
not speak to anyone without his permission.[47] However, SSSgt Govindharajoo
remembered the IO saying that. On the other hand, SSSgt Govindharajoo and a
third escorting officer Inspector B Burhanudeen HJ Hussanair (“Insp
Burhanudeen”) did not hear the IO telling the Accused that if he wanted to
speak to his wife, he had to ask for forgiveness for what he had done to V.
The IO denied this allegation too. Insp Burhanudeen said that it was an
emotional scene when the Accused knelt down and asked for forgiveness from his
wife. The Accused was crying and the inspector himself was teary while
kneeling or squatting beside the Accused then. These three officers denied
that after the Accused had knelt down and asked for forgiveness from his wife
for having caused hurt to V, he was pulled away before he could say anything
else to the wife.

76 I was of the view that the IO and SSSgt Govindharajoo had not knocked on
the door of the Woodlands flat unduly loudly at 6.00am of 4 September 2003.
They were mindful that to do so might wake the neighbours up. I was also of
the view that they were not so foolish as to threaten to summon the entire
police force to break down the metal gate or to let the neighbours know that
he was being arrested. If made, such a threat might have been heard by other
members of the Accused’s family or neighbours. I was also of the view that the
patrol car in which the Accused was driven from the Woodlands flat to PCC that
morning did not hit a taxi and was then driven off. I accepted that if there
was such an accident, a report would have to be made by the police officers
who would also have to stop and not just drive off.

77 In any event, the allegations of the Accused about all these incidents
before he reached PCC that morning were of peripheral relevance on the issue
of the credibility of the IO and SSSgt Govindharajoo. It was not the Accused’s
position that these alleged incidents caused him to make the four statements.
It seemed to me that the purpose of these allegations was also to paint the
picture of bullying police officers who were in a rush to get their hands on
him to extract a confession from him.

78 I was also of the view that in the morning of 4 September 2003, the Accused
must have been informed about the name of V and the nature of the offences
alleged against him, _ie_ the offence of rape and unnatural offence, although
it was not clear to me whether fellatio had been specifically mentioned to him
then. It would have been pointless for the police to try and obtain
information from him without telling him the name of V and something about the
alleged offences. I also did not believe the Accused’s evidence that while he
did ask what the offences were about, he was too confused to ask who the
victim was. I rejected the Accused’s evidence that the full name of V was
mentioned only the next day. His evidence on this point had shifted as I have
mentioned. I also did not accept his evidence that when that name was
mentioned, he did not initially realise who she was.

79 I would add that even if fellatio had not been specifically mentioned to
the Accused on 4 September 2003, the fact of the matter was that on 5
September 2003, he was giving statements about fellatio.

80 As regards the main issue, _ie_ whether the alleged threats, assault and
inducement had occurred, the Accused’s own witness Dr Tommy Tan put the lie to
the Accused’s evidence that he had disclosed the alleged threats and assault
to Dr Tan. Also, the Accused did not complain to Dr Tan that he was induced to
make a confession with the inducement being that he would be able to see his
wife and father. Furthermore, the Accused’s complaints to Dr Tan mentioned a
female police officer but, for the _voir dire_ , there was no complaint about
a female police officer. Dr Tan’s evidence demonstrated the extent to which
the Accused was prepared to fabricate his evidence. I found that the Accused’s
allegations about the threats, assault and inducement had been fabricated.
Furthermore, while he might well have hoped to see his wife and father, that
was different from an allegation of inducement by the police.

81 I also noted that the Accused had to be prompted by defence counsel before
he said that he made the first three statements as a result of the threats and
assault.[48]

82 I did not accept the Accused’s evidence that after he had been brought back
from the pre-statement medical examination in the morning of 5 September 2003,
he was brought first to an interview room on one of the upper floors, and then
brought back down to the lock-up and then brought out again but this time to
an interview room behind the lock-up. Again the documentary evidence which the
Prosecution relied on showed that after the Accused was brought to the 17th
floor, the first statement was recorded on the 17th floor at SSCB. The second
statement was also recorded at the same floor. I did not accept the Accused’s
allegation that certain parts of the first and second statements were blank
when he signed them. These allegations were not raised with the IO and the
interpreter during cross-examination. Also, it seemed to me that the Accused
had come up with evidence about the interview being conducted in a room behind
the lock-up to cast doubt on the overall credibility of the IO and Ms
Masdiana.

83 As for the Accused’s allegation that he had told Ms Masdiana that he had
not done anything and she had replied that if he had done nothing, he would
not be there, I was of the view that the Accused had again fabricated his
evidence, this time to attack Ms Masdiana’s credibility as she was the
interpreter for the first three statements. His evidence that she was not the
interpreter for the second statement was also to attack such credibility but
it was contradicted by documentary evidence. Also, Ms Masdiana’s evidence was
steady throughout whereas the Accused’s was not. It was also telling against
the Accused that he claimed at one stage that as he did not have his
spectacles with him during the recording of the three statements, he could not
see the second interpreter clearly. Yet he could see the IO’s face clearly
enough to tell that the IO was staring at him when he allegedly told Ms
Masdiana that he had not done anything. I did not accept the Accused’s
explanation that the interpreter was further away from him than the IO. All
three were in the same interview room and the interpreter would not have been
much further from the Accused, if at all, as she had to interpret the IO’s
questions to the Accused and the Accused’s responses to the IO.

84 As for the Accused’s allegation that he had declined to sign the cautioned
statement three times but the IO had instructed the interpreter to coax him to
sign it and she did, this allegation was not raised with the IO or the
interpreter during cross-examination. In my view, it was a further fabrication
by the Accused.

85 I also did not accept that the Accused was not wearing his spectacles on 5
September 2003 during the recording of his three statements. He was wearing
them on 4 September 2003 at an interview room on the 17th floor and there was
no reason why he should be deprived of them on 5 September 2003 when he was
being interviewed again on the 17th floor.

86 It seemed to me that the Accused had said he did not have his spectacles
with him on 5 September 2003 to paint the picture that he was disoriented and
hence more susceptible to threats and inducements. Yet, as I have mentioned
above, it was his own evidence that although he did not have his glasses, he
was more careful when he signed the second statement. Thus his allegation
about not having his spectacles no longer assisted him with the picture he was
hoping to paint.

87 As regards the fourth statement, I was of the view that the IO did tell the
Accused that he could not speak to anyone at the Woodlands flat without the
IO’s permission. SSSgt Govindharajoo had recalled this. However, that was not
the crux of the Accused’s allegation. The crux was that the IO had said that
if the Accused wanted to speak to his wife, he would have to seek her
forgiveness for causing hurt to V. I saw no reason for the IO to say that
because on 5 September 2003, the Accused had already confessed to a charge
involving fellatio. Secondly, the Accused did not explain initially why he
chose to speak to his wife if he had to comply with such a condition. He could
have simply remained silent. He then shifted his evidence by saying that he
was instructed by the IO to ask for forgiveness.[49] In my view, the Accused
was overcome by emotion after carrying his third child who had just been born
and whom he had not seen before. He then blurted out his request for
forgiveness. This was reinforced by the evidence of Insp Burhanudeen who was
the police officer closest to the Accused at the time the Accused sought his
wife’s forgiveness. Insp Burhanudeen said he himself was emotionally
affected.[50] As I have mentioned, Insp Burhanudeen and the other two officers
there had also denied that the Accused was pulled back after he had sought
forgiveness. I was impressed by the inspector’s overall candour and I accepted
this evidence of his as well.

88 In summary, I found that the alleged threats, violence and inducement had
not occurred. The Prosecution had proved that each of the four statements had
been given voluntarily for the purpose of s 122(5) CPC. Accordingly, I ruled
that the four statements were admissible in evidence.

**Formal facts**

89 M is a divorcee. She has three children, _ie_ two sons and V, with V being
the youngest child. V was born on 18 May 1991. She would have been about seven
years old in 1998 and about eight years old in 1999. In so far as the two
charges were referring to the age of V as 12 at the time of the offences, this
was incorrect. However, there was no prejudice to the Accused as V’s date of
birth was not disputed. The Accused was born on 1 December 1966. He would have
been about 32 years old in 1998 and about 33 years old in 1999.

90 V’s mother, M, is the aunt of W, the wife of the Accused whom the Accused
married in 1994. Therefore W is the cousin of V. Accordingly, it would not be
accurate to refer to the Accused as the uncle of V. However, probably because
of the age difference between V and the Accused, V referred to the Accused as
her uncle. I mention this only to avoid any confusion. There was no suggestion
of mistaken identity or prejudice to the Accused arising from V referring to
the Accused as her uncle.

**Evidence for the Prosecution**

**_Evidence of the victim_**

91 V could not remember exactly when she had been to the Tampines flat alone
with the Accused. She believed it was between 1998 and 1999 although she was
less certain about having gone there with him in 1999.[51] She believed it
must have been on a Saturday or Sunday as she did not play truant from school.
She was attending the afternoon session in a primary school in those years and
had attended religious classes in the morning on some weekdays.[52] She was
supposed to have gone to the Tampines flat to play with the Accused’s first
born daughter.[53] She had gone with the Accused on a number of occasions but
could not remember how often.[54]

92 On the first occasion, the Accused had brought V into the master bedroom
and asked her to take a bath. After she did so, he wrapped her in a towel and
blindfolded her. He then carried her on the bed and placed her on it facing
upwards. He tied her hands to the side of the bed. Then she felt something
inserted into her private part. Thereafter he untied her hands and told her to
sit on the floor. Something was put into her mouth and she was told to suck
it. At that time, she was still blindfolded. The blindfold was subsequently
removed. The Accused told her to change and thereafter he fetched her
home.[55] Her home was also at Tampines. Each time she went alone with the
Accused to the Tampines flat, his wife and daughter were not present.[56]

93 V said that the object that was inserted into her private part felt big and
caused her pain. It was moving in and out. She cried but did not struggle or
ask the Accused to stop. He told her not to cry. The object that was inserted
into her mouth was long hard and watery. She did not feel any pain then. She
did not like the taste of the object in her mouth.[57] She believed the object
inserted into her mouth was his private part.[58] She said she felt sad on the
same day after the first occasion and cried at home before she slept.

94 She did not tell her mother about what happened to her because she did not
know that what had happened to her was wrong and she was afraid she might not
be believed.[59] She did not know what to say.[60] She agreed that the Accused
did not threaten or bribe her to keep the matter a secret.[61]

95 V remembered an instance when she, M and the Accused were in the Accused’s
car. He had dropped M at Tampines Interchange where M would usually take a bus
to a mass rapid transit (“MRT”) station. After M had been dropped off, V was
brought to the Tampines flat. There something was inserted into her private
part and she had to suck his private part. She had wanted to tell M that she
did not want to go with the Accused but was afraid to do so as he was in the
car too.[62] However, when V got back home, she did not mention to M or her
father that she was reluctant to go with the Accused. She said she did not
know why she did not tell either of them then.[63] V thought that this
incident was probably after the first instance of such acts.

96 V did not realise that what the Accused had done was wrong until 2002 when
she was in Primary Five. She had received sex education and was taught
menstruation then. Her teacher had said that when a man inserts his private
part into a girl’s and does not ask for her permission, that is wrong.[64]
Thereafter she mentioned what the Accused had done to two of her best friends
separately in 2003. I will refer to these two girl friends as “H” and “Myg”.
They were her classmates in 2002 and 2003. By 2004, V was in the normal stream
of secondary school. H remained V’s schoolmate in secondary school in 2004 but
Myg was no longer in the same school as V in 2004.

**_Evidence of H and Myg_**

97 H said that V had mentioned to her on 8 August 2003 that V had to suck her
uncle’s private part and something had been inserted into V’s private part. V
had also said that she was blindfolded and her hands were tied. V said this
had happened about five times.[65] V looked sad as she was narrating the
incident to H. H calmed her down and advised her to tell her parents but V was
afraid to do so.[66] Although the conditioned statement of H did not say that
V had told H that V was made to suck her uncle’s private part, I accepted H’s
oral evidence that she was told this although in cross-examination she
accepted that perhaps V was not so sure about what she was made to suck.[67] I
found H’s evidence to be generally steady. H also said that she could not
remember whether she attended any sex education class but she remembered they
were taught about menstruation.[68]

98 Myg said V had mentioned to her on or about 11 August 2003 that her uncle
had raped her. There was no mention by V to Myg of any other act of sexual
abuse. V told Myg she was ashamed to tell her parents. She looked sad and was
close to tearing. Myg advised her to inform her parents immediately.[69] Myg
remembered that they were taught a little bit about sex in primary school but
she could not remember which year it was taught.[70]

**_Evidence of M_**

99 I now come to the evidence of V’s mother, M.

100 On 24 August 2003 at about 8.15pm, V and M were going to Block 125 Bedok
North Street 1 for a religious class. While they were in a taxi, V said she
had something to tell M. Upon being pressed further, V said it was about
adultery. M told V they could discuss the subject after the religious class.
The class ended at about 10.00pm and during the journey back, M questioned V
further. V asked whether M remembered Uncle DU, meaning the Accused, and the
period when V spent some time at the Tampines flat. M remembered that between
1998 and 1999, the Accused had asked for V to come over to play with his first
child who was an infant then. The Accused had fetched V from her residence to
the Tampines flat. At that time, V was staying with her parents in the
Tampines neighbourhood as well.

101 V told M that when she was in the Tampines flat with the Accused, he had
instructed her to remove her clothes and to shower in the master bedroom
toilet. He would then carry her, put her on his bed, blindfold her and tie her
hands to the side of the bed. V further said that she would feel pain at her
private part as if something hard was entering her vagina. V said the hard
object was inside her vagina for a long time and after removing it from her
vagina, the Accused would untie her. Thereafter, he would instruct her to sit
on the floor beside him and make her perform what M believed to be oral sex on
him. After removing her blindfold, the Accused would ask her to wear her
clothes and then send her home. M asked V how many times the Accused had done
such acts and she replied that it was on five different occasions.

102 When they arrived home at about 11.00pm, M called her sister who was the
mother-in-law of the Accused and told her what the Accused had done.
Subsequently, she also told her ex-husband about the matter.

103 On 25 August 2003, after V returned from school, M and her ex-husband
brought V to the Tampines Neighbourhood Police Centre to lodge a police
report.

104 M’s evidence was that she had cautioned V about telling lies. V maintained
that what she said was true. She also told M that she kept the incident away
from her because she was afraid to reveal it and she also did not understand
what the accused had done to her. The reason why V decided to tell M was
because her friends advised her to do so.

105 M had stayed initially in a flat at Block 872 Tampines Street 84. In
December 1999, she signed an agreement to sell this flat. After completion of
that sale, she moved to a rented flat at Bedok Reservoir and stayed there for
three months. Thereafter she moved to another flat which she had purchased at
Block 933 Tampines Street 91. Whenever M moved, V would move along with her as
well.

106 In 1995 or 1996, M had allowed V to go out with W and her husband, the
Accused. At that time, W and the Accused were staying in the Tampines flat.

107 Sometime between 1996 and 1997, the Accused had an affair with M after he
had invited her and brought her to the Tampines flat. The affair occurred in
the Tampines flat. Since then, M did go to the Tampines flat but not when the
Accused was alone.

108 V’s father had been unemployed since 1989 because of his heart condition
except for 2000 when he had to get a job as a security guard because M had
cancer. In 1998 and 1999, it was V’s father who would accompany her downstairs
daily to wait for the school bus. At times when V was not attending school in
the morning, V would be attending religious classes at a mosque. She attended
the mosque twice a week on weekdays.[71] Based on this evidence, M deduced
that the Accused must have fetched V to the Tampines flat to play with his
daughter on a Saturday or Sunday.[72] It was she who had brought V down to the
car park to await the Accused (NE 223). However, M recalled, after being
reminded recently by V, that there was one Saturday when the Accused had
picked up both M and V, dropped M at a Tampines MRT station and then went off
alone with V to the Tampines flat. V had told M recently that on this occasion
she had wanted to tell M that she did not want to accompany the Accused but
had failed to tell M.[73]

109 M denied that after her sexual encounter with the Accused and while she
was leaving the Tampines flat, she had warned him not to reveal the incident
to anyone, otherwise she would get him into trouble.[74] She also denied that
on 4 September 2003, she had told W and the Accused’s parents at the lobby of
PCC (see para 35) that she had liked the Accused but since the affair or since
2003 she had decided to get him into trouble.[75] She also denied that she had
told the Accused’s father then that she had had a good time with the Accused
on two occasions and as she no longer required him, she would make sure he
would be put behind bars.[76]

110 Although M had said during the preliminary inquiry that the Accused had
fooled and tricked her into having sex with him, she said during the trial
that what she had meant was that he had persuaded her to do so.[77] She said
she was not angry with him because that was in the past and the most important
thing was that she would not repeat the affair again. In her mind, she too was
at fault for it.[78]

111 M said that notwithstanding the affair, she had allowed V to go with the
Accused to the Tampines flat. She still trusted the Accused as a relative as
he was the husband of her niece. Moreover, the Accused himself had a daughter
then, _ie_ in 1998 and 1999, and he had wanted to “borrow” V to play with his
daughter. She understood that W was not working and thought she would be at
home.[79] She had believed that W was not working in 1998 and 1999.[80]

**_Evidence of Dr Lisa Wong_**

112 Dr Lisa Wong was an associate consultant with the Department of Obstetrics
and Gynaecology of Singapore General Hospital. She had examined V on 29 August
2003. The vaginal examination showed old hymenal tears at 2, 4, 8 and 11
o’clock. This suggested penile penetration.[81]

113 Initially, V had told her that the Accused’s penis was inserted into her
mouth but she was not sure what had been inserted into her vagina.[82]
However, Dr Wong said subsequently that V was unsure as to what was inserted
into her mouth and vagina.[83]

114 Dr Wong agreed that hymenal tears can occur for various reasons other than
penile penetration. However, she thought it was unlikely that an injury could
cause multiple tears and unlikely that a fall could cause multiple tears.[84]
While Dr Wong accepted that several falls could possibly cause tears to
different parts of the hymen, Dr Wong noted that often no hymenal tear would
occur just because of a fall.[85]

**_Evidence of Dr Parvathy Pathy_**

115 Dr Parvathy Pathy was a consultant psychiatrist with the Child Guidance
Clinic. That clinic was previously at the Institute of Health but the
institute’s name had been changed to Health Promotion Board.

116 Dr Pathy had interviewed V and M on 13 October and 3 November 2003. On
average, she saw one to three child victims of sexual abuse in a month
although at times, she would not see any in a month. She said that there was a
range in the length of time that a child victim might take to disclose sexual
abuse, ranging from a day to years. There was a variety of reasons for delay.
The abuser might have threatened the child not to tell anyone. The child might
not realise the meaning of the incident especially when the child was young.
Some would feel ashamed or embarrassed. Some might think that nobody would
believe them.[86]

117 Dr Pathy agreed that while V could have told her mother about having to
remove her clothes to take a shower, being blindfolded and tied to a bed in
the same year when the incident occurred, it was Dr Pathy’s experience that
most sexually abused children do not do so.[87] Indeed, Dr Pathy was not
surprised that V did not tell her mother about the incident shortly
thereafter.[88] It was also her view that usually children do not fabricate
such lies or have fantasies of a sexual nature.[89]

118 V did not tell Dr Pathy that she was threatened by the Accused.[90] V also
told Dr Pathy that she liked boys and had held the hands of two boys. There
was one other boy she liked but V had only talked to this boy and did not hold
his hands. It was not a steady relationship. There was no sexual act with any
of these boys.[91]

119 Dr Pathy was of the view that when V told her that she had sucked the
private part of the Accused, this was what V believed and V was not sure about
the object she had sucked.[92]

**_Evidence of police officers in respect of the four statements_**

120 It is not necessary for me to repeat the evidence of the police officers
which they reiterated during the trial as to how the Accused was brought from
the Woodlands flat to PCC and how his four statements came about.

121 However, I should mention that during the trial, the IO accepted that a
total of ten cautioned statements had been recorded from the Accused between 5
and 10 September 2003, _ie_ before the Accused had asked for forgiveness from
his wife on 11 September 2003. The IO also said he was not sure for which
offence the Accused had sought forgiveness.[93]

**_Evidence on first information report_**

122 Staff Sergeant Eric Neo Chin Hock had recorded the report of M on 25
August 2003. He had spoken to V as well. Aside from a rape allegation, V did
tell him that she was made to suck an object which was placed in her mouth.
The object was hard and something came out of it.[94]

**Evidence for the Defence**

**_Evidence of the Accused_**

123 The Accused’s education level is Primary Four from the English stream. He
had been residing in the Tampines flat from 1996 to November 2001. On 1
December 2001, he moved to the Woodlands flat.

124 He said that in June or July 1997, he and his wife had brought V for an
outing but he had never brought her to the Tampines flat.[95]

125 Between 1997 and 1999, he was working for the same company at Kian Teck
Way from Mondays to Fridays, from 8.30am to 5.30pm. Initially he said he was
not required to work for this company on Saturdays.[96] He had a part-time job
then for which he worked on Saturdays and Sundays, from 8.30am till 6.00pm or
7.00pm,[97] except for those occasions when he had to cover a colleague on a
Saturday in his permanent job.[98] In cross-examination, he said that the name
of the company which he had worked for part-time in 1998 and 1999 sounded like
“Sian Chuan Motors Trading”. He said this company had been located at Aljunied
Road. The building it was located in no longer existed and had been replaced
by houses. In cross-examination, he said the company’s business was in the
sale of second-hand motor parts but in re-examination, he said he was a
second-hand car salesman for it.[99] He referred to the boss of that company
as “boss” and it was his father who had introduced him to the job.[100] That
company did not make any CPF contribution for him and paid him in cash. He
agreed that he had not informed the police about his part-time job but said
that they did not ask him what he was doing on weekends.[101] He added that
occasionally on Saturdays, besides covering a colleague, he would go to his
mother-in-law’s stall in the afternoon to assist.[102]

126 The Accused’s first child was born on 15 December 1997. His wife was
working in 1998 but stopped working after a few months either in June, July or
August 1998.[103] She was not working in 1999.

127 He had known M for 20 years prior to October 2004. He had come to know her
when he was her colleague. It was M who had introduced W to him. He confirmed
that M and he had had an affair in 1997. He said that after that incident, she
warned him not to reveal the relationship.[104] In examination-in-chief, he
said that he did not know whether she was angry with him after the affair but
in re-examination, he said that maybe M hated him after that.[105]

128 The Accused said that one Mr Ismail from the mosque V attended had
informed him that in 1998, the religious classes were only on Saturdays and in
1999, V was attending such classes on Mondays and Wednesdays in the
afternoon.[106]

129 He said he was told by his father that on 4 September 2003, when M had
spoken to his father at the lobby of PCC, M had said that she was instrumental
in putting him behind bars and she was very satisfied. His gut feeling was
that she had framed him because she had wanted to borrow $5,000 from him but
he was unable to help her.[107] She had asked him for the loan before V’s
birthday party in May 2003.[108]

130 He also claimed that his father had told him that on that occasion on 4
September 2003, M had lifted up her skirt which revealed a pair of trousers
and she had scratched her private part.

131 The Accused said that he had given the four statements because of threats
made to him. These were the same threats he had alleged for which a _voir
dire_ was conducted and I need not repeat them. However, the Accused added
during the trial that as regards his cautioned statement, it was the
interpreter Ms Masdiana who had taught him what to say in his plea for
leniency, except that the words regarding the completion of his reservist duty
were his own. The Accused accepted that his allegation about what the
interpreter had suggested to him was itself not raised with the interpreter
when she was on the stand. However, he said that this was because he had only
told his counsel that the fellatio charge was untrue.[109]

132 The Accused identified various parts of the first two statements given on
5 September 2003 as having been fabricated by him because of the threats he
had received. Those were the parts where he had admitted to bringing V to the
Tampines flat and to getting her to commit fellatio. He had fabricated them
because he was hoping to see his father and his wife.[110]

133 The Accused said that two or three days after 5 September 2003 he had
gathered his courage and told the IO that he denied doing anything to V.
However, he was not able to identify any denial recorded in a subsequent
statement of his on 8 September 2003. He then said that his denial was on
another day after the 8 September 2003 statement was recorded.[111]

134 As for the Accused’s fourth statement where he apologised to his wife for
doing something wrong to V, the Accused reiterated his evidence in the trial
within a trial which I need not repeat.

**_Evidence of the Accused’s father_**

135 Mohamed bin Ali is the father of the Accused.

136 He said that on 4 September 2003, M had claimed that it was she who had
caused the Accused to be put into a lock-up. She informed him that she had let
the Accused have sex with her twice and she lifted up her baju kurung,
revealing a pair of pants underneath and patted her private part to indicate
her urge for sex. She also used her fingers to scratch her private part. Since
the urge was gone, she decided to report the matter to the police and was
satisfied that she had caused the Accused to be put into the lock-up. M was
screaming like a vampire that she was very satisfied and was screaming for
some time.[112] Yet Mr Mohamed also said that at that time he did not believe
that M had framed the Accused.[113] On that occasion on 4 September 2003, the
Accused’s mother and W were also present. W was not far away from M and Mr
Mohamed. Mr Mohamed noticed that M had nudged W’s head with her finger and
thereafter M left without speaking to W.[114]

137 Mr Mohamed said that the Accused was doing a part-time job on Saturdays
and Sundays in 1998 and 1999. This job was at a place at No 10 Aljunied Road
where houses have since been built. The Accused was selling second-hand
cars.[115] Mr Mohamed said that he himself had worked at this place from
January 1996 to the middle of 1997. He did not know the name of the shop or
the name of the owner. He would refer to the owner as “towkay”. He said the
Accused’s working hours for this part-time job was from 12.00 noon to 7.00pm
and the Accused had never missed working there every weekend in 1998 and 1999.
He knew this because sometimes he would go to assist in the shop when the
Accused called him for his assistance, even though he (Mr Mohamed) had stopped
working there since mid-1997. When he helped out, he would work until 12.00
noon on Saturdays and Sundays.

**_The evidence of the Accused’s wife_**

138 W’s evidence was that after giving birth to their first child on 15
December 1997, she was on maternity leave for two months. She went back to
work but stopped working in or around September 1998. Before she stopped
working, she was working on Saturdays. Her mother-in-law who was taking care
of the first child had been diagnosed with kidney failure. She remembered that
she and her husband had brought V out once after her first child was
born.[116]

139 She said that in 1998 and 1999, the Accused had a part-time job as a car
dealer and worked in that job on Saturdays and Sundays from 8.00am to 6.00pm,
unless he had to go back to his permanent work place.[117] However, she was
not sure or could not recall whether he could have been doing something else
on Saturdays if he was not at his permanent or part-time job.[118]

140 She said that she was not sure whether M had told Mr Mohamed on 4
September 2003 that M was instrumental or was satisfied in having the Accused
put behind bars. She was not sure if M had screamed that she was satisfied but
then said M might have said in a loud voice that she was angry.[119] She said
M did lift her baju kurung and pat her private part.

**The court’s findings**

141 It was obvious to me that V could not remember the years in which the
alleged offences were committed. The years 1998 and 1999 were determined by M
after a process of deduction starting with V’s reference to the time when she
was brought from her first residence in Tampines by the Accused to the
Tampines flat to play with his daughter. Using those occasions as a reference
point, it was M who deduced that the years were 1998 and 1999. These were the
years when V was in Primary One and Primary Two. These two years were within
two important perimeters. First, the Accused’s daughter was born on 15
December 1997. Second, M and her family had moved from their first flat in
Tampines after she had contracted to sell the same in December 1999.

142 However, M was less certain as to which day of the week V had been brought
to play with the Accused’s daughter , although she thought it was on Saturdays
as V was attending school daily on weekdays and also religious classes on some
weekdays.

143 The next question was whether the Accused did have the opportunity to
bring V to the Tampines flat between 1998 and 1999 and to be alone with her.

144 The Accused sought to show that he had no such opportunity because (a) W
had stopped working since 1998 and (b) in 1998 and 1999, the Accused had a
permanent job where he was working from Mondays to Fridays and he had a part-
time job where he worked every weekend.

145 W’s evidence was that she was on maternity leave for two months after the
birth of her daughter. Thereafter she went back to work until about September
1998 when she stopped work permanently. Therefore, the fact that she had
stopped work could not give the Accused the complete alibi that he wanted.

146 As for the allegation about the part-time job, I did not accept the
evidence for the Accused thereon. There were three different versions as to
his working hours for the part-time job. He said it was between 8.30am to
6.00pm or 7.00pm. Noraini said it was between 8.00am to 6.00pm. Mr Mohamed
said it was between 12.00 noon to 7.00pm.

147 Moreover, I noted that during examination-in-chief, the Accused avoided
giving any further details about this part-time job. I also noted that during
cross-examination, the Accused hesitated before he came up with the supposed
name of the company for which he was working part-time. He also hesitated
before he said that he simply referred to the owner as “boss”. In my view,
each hesitation was not due to a sudden lapse of memory because, if his
allegation were true, he must have considered the information in his mind for
some time before he took the stand as he knew that the part-time job was part
of his alibi. I was of the view that each hesitation indicated that he had not
yet settled in his mind the fabricated evidence he was going to give on these
details. In cross-examination, he said that the business was dealing with
second-hand motor parts. In re-examination, he said he was dealing in second-
hand motor cars. Also, there was no evidence of any attempt made by him to
locate this company which was supposedly no longer at its previous place of
business or his previous colleagues.

148 The evidence of Mr Mohamed on this issue was such that Mr Mohamed was
unable to give any more specifics about this part-time job beyond saying that
it was at 10 Aljunied Road. Although he had himself allegedly stopped working
there since mid-1997, he was certain that the Accused was working there every
weekend. I did not believe that he had been working there before or that he
did subsequently go back on Saturdays to help when the Accused asked him to do
so.

149 As for W’s evidence on this issue, she did not give any more specifics
beyond the Accused’s alleged working hours which were different from the
evidence of the Accused and Mr Mohamed as I have mentioned.

150 It was telling that even W was unable to say with certainty that the
Accused was doing nothing else on Saturdays except either working at his
permanent job, when he was asked to cover a colleague, or at his part-time
job.

151 It was clear to me that the part-time job was a fabrication to try and
give the Accused a complete alibi.

152 The Accused then came up with a third attempt to give himself some sort of
alibi which was a reverse alibi, _ie_ that V was somewhere else on Saturdays
in 1998. As I have mentioned, the Accused said that Mr Ismail from the mosque
V attended had informed him that in 1998, the religious classes were only on
Saturday mornings. I did not believe this evidence because the Accused had
sufficient opportunity to subpoena this Mr Ismail to give evidence in court
but he did not, even though he said this information was crucial for him.[120]
Secondly, he claimed to have obtained this information only after the second
tranche of the trial[121] but I noted that on 2 August 2004, during the second
tranche of the trial, his defence counsel had already suggested to V that she
was attending religious classes on Saturday mornings in 1998.[122]

153 Next, the Accused suggested that he was being framed by M with whom he had
had an affair in about 1997. If this were true, it would mean that M had
persuaded V to lie in order to frame the Accused. Yet, this important link was
never suggested to M or to V in cross-examination. Notwithstanding this
important omission, I did consider whether the Accused was being framed.

154 Evidence was given by Mr Mohamed that M had told him on 4 September 2003
at the lobby of PCC that she was instrumental in causing the Accused to be put
in a lock-up because she no longer wanted sex from the Accused and she was
screaming like a vampire saying that she was very satisfied. The sole purpose
of such evidence was to suggest that she had framed the Accused. Yet when Mr
Mohamed was asked whether he believed that M had framed the Accused, he said
he did not.[123] W also did not suggest that M had framed the Accused.

155 Even the allegation that M had lifted up her skirt or baju kurung to
scratch her private part was fabricated. When it was suggested to M that she
had lifted up her skirt, she promptly retorted that she never wears skirts. On
that day, she was wearing jeans.[124] It was after this riposte that the
evidence for the Defence was that she was wearing pants underneath her baju
kurung. Yet it was not suggested to M that she was wearing pants underneath
her baju kurung. I mention this incident because it demonstrated the
propensity of the Defence to come up with fabricated evidence.

156 As for the Accused’s allegation that M had warned him not to reveal the
affair, I believed M that she did not give such a warning and that she had
accepted that she too was partly to blame for it. In any event, there was no
evidence that the Accused had revealed the affair until after M had made a
police report about sexual abuse against V. Accordingly, the Accused’s
allegation about M’s warning was a red herring.

157 As for the Accused’s belated allegation that M had wanted to borrow $5,000
from him, this allegation was not even raised with M during cross-examination.
It was clear to me that the Accused had fabricated this allegation as well.

158 The evidence also demonstrated that while M and the Accused may have
maintained some distance between them after the affair, there was no rancour.
It appeared that no one else suspected anything had occurred between the two
and the Accused was invited, along with his family, to attend V’s birthday
party in May 2003.

159 While it may well have been imprudent for M to have allowed V to go with
the Accused to the Tampines flat bearing in mind the affair she had had with
the Accused while the Accused was married to W, the question was whether she
did in fact allow this. It was clear to me that M did not suspect that the
Accused might be a threat to V. In her simple mind, V was just going over to
play with the Accused’s daughter and she did allow this.

160 On this point, I also accepted V’s evidence that she did go over on
occasions to the Tampines flat with the Accused to play with his daughter.

161 In the circumstances, I was of the view that M had not framed the Accused.
I was also of the view that the Accused did take V to the Tampines flat in
1998 and 1999. However, it did not necessarily follow that V was telling the
truth about the sexual abuse. There was a delay of about five to six years
before V had mentioned the abuse first to H on 8 August 2003.

162 The Defence relied on a statement by Yong CJ in _DT v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR
587; [2001] SGHC 193 at [62] that “it is not usual human behaviour for a
victim not to make a quick complaint to her family or friends”.

163 I noted that that statement was actually first made in _Tang Kin Seng v
PP_ [1997] 1 SLR 46 (“ _Tang Kin Seng_ ”) when Yong CJ said at [79]:

The evidential value of a prompt complaint often lay not in the fact that
making it renders the victim’s testimony more credible. The evidential value
of a previous complaint is that the failure to make one renders the victim’s
evidence _less_ credible. The reason is simply common human experience. It is
not usual human behaviour for a victim not to make a quick complaint. However,
as in all cases where common human experience is used as a yardstick, there
may be very good reasons why the victim’s actions depart from it. It would
then be an error not to have regard to the explanation proferred. All these
merely illustrate the fallacy of adhering to a fixed formula.

164 In that case, the victim was a maid of 27 years of age. There was no issue
about any delay in her reporting of the offence there. The passage which the
Defence had relied on was said in the context of whether a previous complaint
could constitute corroboration.

165 The statement was reiterated by Yong CJ in _Tan Pin Seng v PP_ [1998] 1
SLR 418 (“ _Tan Pin Seng_ ”). The victim in that case was 22 years of age.
There was a delay of five days in making a police report. The accused person
had contended that an adverse inference should be drawn against the victim for
failing to make a prompt police report and had relied on the passage from
_Tang Kin Seng_ which I have cited above. Yong CJ said at [29]:

I found this contention to be totally misconceived. The test in each case is
the yardstick of common human experience. While it is not usual human
behaviour for a victim not to make a quick complaint to her family or friends,
the same cannot be said of a failure to make a prompt police report. In my
experience, there is a natural reluctance on the part of victims of sexual
offences to make a police report. This stems from a variety of reasons. …

166 In _DT v PP_ ([162] _supra_), there were two charges of outrage of
modesty. The first incident occurred when the victim was aged ten. The second
incident occurred about two years later. After each incident, the victim
related what had happened to her grandmother who instructed her not to reveal
the incidents to anyone, including her mother. The complainant, however,
confided in her close friend after the second incident. No police reports were
made immediately after each incident and the allegations were raised some two
years after the second incident during a family gathering, after which police
reports were made. In that case, Yong CJ said that there was no general rule
which requires victims of sexual abuse, or those cognisant of the same, to
report them immediately, more so to the police. After referring to what he had
said in _Tan Pin Seng_ and _Tang Kin Seng_ , Yong CJ accepted the explanation
of the grandmother for not reporting the incidents to the police promptly.

167 In the case before me, it was not a question of delay in reporting the
matter to the police. V had not mentioned the alleged abuse at all for five or
six years until she first disclosed the same to H.

168 Although no threat was made against and no bribe was offered to V, an
important consideration was the fact that V was only about seven to eight
years of age at the time of the alleged abuse.

169 Having considered the evidence, I was not surprised at the delay in
disclosure for five or six years. I was of the view that the reason for the
delay was because V had not realised the full meaning and gravity of the acts
of abuse and the acts of blindfolding her and tying her. The significance of
all these acts had eluded her just as the significance of the absence of the
Accused’s daughter had eluded her. It was not so much because she feared she
might not be believed. In my view, V was trying to rationalise in her own mind
the reasons for her delay in disclosing the abuse but that was different from
saying that she had fabricated the abuse.

170 V had begun to realise the significance of the abuse after the sex
education in 2002 when she was in Primary Five. There was a delay of about one
year between the time of the sex education and the time she first disclosed
the abuse to H on 8 August 2003. I was of the view that this delay was because
she was grappling with the significance of what had happened and because she
feared she would not be believed. Both H and Myg had testified that V had said
she was afraid to tell her parents and had looked sad while narrating the
incident. I did not find it incredulous that V should choose to make the
disclosure to her friends rather than to M. As the incident involved an adult,
she was probably more fearful about disclosing it to another adult first, even
though that would be her own mother. Hence she discussed the matter first with
her friends.

171 I would add that I do not find it surprising that children think that they
may not be believed. In my view, it is adults’ instinctive response when told
about something serious by children that causes children to feel this way. For
instance, M said that when she was told about the abuse, she had cautioned V
about telling lies. Even the Prosecution reminded V, and H and Myg as well,
that they had to tell the truth in court. I do not blame the Prosecution for
its caution but we should not be unduly sceptical when a child says that she
did not disclose a serious matter earlier because of her fear of disbelief. A
child may even fear being scolded for making such serious allegations against
an adult.

172 I come now to the evidence of V that there was one incident when she was
in a car with M and the Accused. She had wanted to tell M that she did not
want to go with the Accused but had failed to do so. To me, this reflected her
confusion. As for the point that she did not reveal anything to her parents
after she returned home, this was probably because she had lost whatever
little focus she had had on the abuse once she was no longer with the Accused.

173 Ultimately, I found V to be generally candid with her evidence. I accepted
V’s evidence about how she was wrapped in a towel, and blindfolded and her
hands were tied to the bed in the master bedroom of the Tampines flat while
she was alone with the Accused.

174 As regards the first charge, I was also of the view that the Accused did
insert an object into V’s mouth to suck. The question was whether it was his
penis in order to constitute the offence of carnal intercourse. I noted that
the Accused had ensured that V did not see the object she sucked. I was of the
view that it was not an innocuous object. I was not surprised that V was not
certain that she had sucked his penis given the fact that she was blindfolded
and was of a tender age then. However, V did mention to Staff Sergeant Eric
Neo when the report was first made that the object was hard and something had
come out of it. At trial, V also said that the object was long and watery and
she did not like the taste of it. Even if I were to discount V’s evidence at
trial as having been the result of suggestions or questions to her before the
trial commenced, there was corroboration from some of the Accused’s statements
that the object she was made to suck was his penis.

175 As regards the fourth statement in which the Accused had sought
forgiveness from his wife for what he had done to V, this appeared at first
blush to be damning evidence against the Accused. Certainly it was strong
evidence that he had committed a serious wrong against V but what was this
serious wrong? As I have mentioned, the evidence revealed that prior to 11
August 2003 when the Accused had sought forgiveness, he had given ten
cautioned statements. As a result, even the IO was constrained to say that he
did not know for which offence the Accused was seeking forgiveness.[125] In
the circumstances, although I found that the fourth statement had been given
voluntarily and was admissible in evidence, I gave no weight to it.

176 As for the first three statements, which included the cautioned statement,
I was mindful of the fact that the Accused had undergone two long sessions of
interrogation on 4 September 2003. Even though I concluded that the Accused
had fabricated the allegations of threats, violence and inducement, I was of
the view that he must have been tired and anxious. He mentioned a number of
times that he had not been allowed to see his father and his wife who was
about to deliver their third child. I considered whether he had decided to
capitulate out of sheer exhaustion and in the hope of being allowed to see his
father and wife soon thereafter. However, I noted that the Accused was not one
who was particularly submissive. When he was first asked to accompany the
police officers in the morning of 4 September 2003, his instinctive response
was not to comply but to say that he would prefer to wait for his father.
Secondly, it was his own evidence that at the end of the two sessions, he was
still denying that he had done anything wrong. Thirdly, he did not suggest
that he decided to capitulate out of exhaustion and anxiety at not being able
to see his father and wife. Rather, his position was that he had given the
three statements in response to threats, violence and inducement which I had
concluded had not occurred. Fourthly, the Accused had admitted only to causing
V to perform fellatio on him. If he was going to capitulate because of
exhaustion and anxiety, he would not have restricted his admission to this
only.

177 It seemed to me that the Accused had taken a calculated decision to admit
to only one offence which he had viewed as the least serious, hoping that he
would get a lenient sentence and that the authorities would not pursue any
other offence. He had also decided to minimise his statement on what he had
actually done in the course of the abuse. That is why he did not mention that
he had tied V’s hands and blindfolded her. I found that the Accused would not
have admitted to causing V to perform fellatio on him, if it had not occurred.

178 I did not accept that the substance of the Accused’s plea of leniency in
his cautioned statement was suggested to him by the interpreter. That point
was not raised with the interpreter when she was under cross-examination. I
did not accept the Accused’s explanation that the reason for this omission was
because he had not told his counsel about it. In my view, the plea for
leniency was a genuine one from him. He was even hoping to be able to serve
his reservist duty from 16 September 2003 to 30 September 2003 and this, he
admitted, had not been suggested to him by the interpreter.

179 Much was made by the Defence of the fact that in the Accused’s first
statement, he had said that he had brought V (to the Tampines flat) in the
middle of 1997, but yet he had admitted to a charge which stated that the
offence of fellatio was committed between 1998 and 1999. I should say first
that it was not the duty of the IO to check why the Accused was admitting to a
charge with different dates or to try and correct the Accused’s statement. The
statement was that of the Accused and the charge was based on what the IO had
learnt from V and M.

180 The fact that the Accused was admitting to a charge with different dates
from that which the Accused had mentioned in his statement did not mean that
the admission was devoid of any weight. It seemed to me that it did not matter
to the Accused then whether he was admitting to an offence committed in 1997
or one committed between 1998 and 1999 since he was already claiming, in his
second statement, that he had brought V to the Tampines flat only once in any
event.

181 In the circumstances, I had no reasonable doubt that the Accused had
caused V to perform fellatio on him.

182 In the context of the second charge, there was medical evidence of
penetration of V’s vagina. In my view, the hymenal tears were not the result
of falls or some sporting activity but of sexual abuse by the Accused.

183 Accordingly, I was of the view that the Prosecution had proved its case
beyond a reasonable doubt on the first charge and on the second charge. I
found the Accused guilty and convicted him on each of these charges. Although
the Accused had no antecedents and no other charges were being taken into
consideration, V had been entrusted to the Accused. Also, the act of outraging
V’s modesty was not one of touching her vagina but inserting an object into it
which caused her pain. In the circumstances, I sentenced him to five and a
half years’ imprisonment on the first charge under s 377 Penal Code and six
years’ imprisonment with six strokes of the cane on the second charge under s
354A(2)(b) Penal Code. The sentences were to run concurrently and from the
date of sentencing as the Accused had been out on bail.

Accused convicted.

* * *

[1]NE 339

[2]N 610

[3]See exhibit P8

[4]N 350

[5]NE 351

[6]NE 563, 580, 581

[7]NE 563, 621 and 622

[8]NE 567

[9]NE 623

[10]NE 616 to 618

[11]NE 631 and 632

[12]NE 637

[13]NE 637 to 641

[14]NE 357, 536 and 643

[15]NE 650

[16]NE 567, 568

[17]NE 575

[18]NE 576

[19]NE 675 and 676

[20]NE 672, 675, 676, 678, 699

[21]NE 669

[22]NE 668, 669

[23]NE 663

[24]NE 571

[25]NE 589 and 686

[26]NE 589

[27]NE 596, 698

[28]NE 603

[29]NE 379, 598

[30]NE 600

[31]NE 689

[32]NE 605 and 601

[33]NE 601,691

[34]NE 607 and 608

[35]NE 608

[36]NE 704

[37]NE 706

[38]NE 706 and 707

[39]NE 709

[40]NE 712

[41]NE 704

[42]NE 715 and 716

[43]NE 716

[44]NE 722

[45]NE 716 to 718

[46]NE 726

[47]NE 379

[48]See NE 596

[49]See NE 600 again

[50]NE 456

[51]NE 1050

[52]NE 1006

[53]NE 981, 982 and 1002

[54]NE 980

[55]NE 984 to 985

[56]NE 1030

[57]NE 1157 to 1159

[58]NE 986 and 987 and 1148

[59]NE 988, 990

[60]NE 1034

[61]NE 1056

[62]NE 1118 to 1128

[63]NE 1129 and 1131

[64]NE 988, 989, 997, 1057

[65]NE 1224

[66]PS 18A

[67]NE 1230, 1232, 1233

[68]NE 1226

[69]PS 19

[70]NE 158

[71]NE 248

[72]NE 209

[73]NE 215 and 216

[74]NE 258

[75]NE 253

[76]NE 255

[77]NE 257

[78]NE 258, 262

[79]NE 262

[80]NE 192

[81]NE 954 and 955

[82]NE 958 and 959

[83]NE 967

[84]NE 964

[85]NE 964 and 965

[86]NE 42

[87]NE 58

[88]NE 122

[89]NE 59, 126

[90]NE 59

[91]NE 90 to 92

[92]NE 102

[93]NE 876 and 881

[94]NE 289

[95]NE 1280 and 1281

[96]NE 1276

[97]NE 1289

[98]NE 1290

[99]NE 1338 and 1367

[100]NE 1338

[101]NE 1339

[102]NE 1340

[103]NE 1290

[104]NE 1293

[105]NE 1297 and 1369

[106]NE 1295 and 1345

[107]NE 1295 and 1296

[108]NE 1304 and 1305

[109]NE 1318 to 1320

[110]NE 1323, 1333, 1334

[111]NE 1337

[112]NE 1372, 1378

[113]NE 1376

[114]NE 1373

[115]NE 1372 to 1374 and 1379

[116]NE 1390

[117]NE 1388

[118]NE 1392 and 1393

[119]NE 1394, 1395

[120]NE 1368

[121]NE 1344

[122]NE 1014

[123]NE 1376

[124]NE 256

[125]See again NE 876 and 881

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Oct 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

