Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Telestop Pte Ltd v Telecom Equipment Pte Ltd and Another Suit  
[2004] SGHC 267

Case Number | : | Suit 889/2002, 890/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 November 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  N Sreenivasan and Valerie Ang (Straits Law Practice LLC) for plaintiffs; Kannan Ramesh, Sean Tan and Christina Choo (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Telestop Pte Ltd — Telecom Equipment Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Express terms – Whether franchisor failed to
provide proper system for efficient management of franchise outlets – Whether
franchisor in breach of franchise agreement  
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Implied terms – Whether there was implied term
of non-competition in franchise agreements – Scope of implied term – Whether
franchisor breached narrower implied term in franchise agreement  
  
Contract – Franchise contract – Whether breach of duty of good faith a
separate cause of action to be specifically pleaded  
  

30 November 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

**Introduction**

1 Telecom Equipment Pte Ltd, the defendant in these consolidated actions, is a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Singapore Telecommunications Ltd and a member of
the SingTel group of companies. It was set up in order to retail
telecommunication equipment. For this purpose, the defendant established a
chain of retail outlets under the brand name “Teleshop”. The defendant itself
operated some of these outlets while others were operated by franchisees under
a franchise arrangement with the defendant.

2 The plaintiffs in these actions were two of the defendant’s franchisees.
They are two companies owned and controlled by the same persons. The plaintiff
in Suit No 890 of 2002, Telestop Pte Ltd (hereinafter sometimes called “TPL”),
ran two outlets, one in Clementi and the other one first at Bedok and
thereafter at Holland Drive, whilst the plaintiff in Suit No 889 of 2002, U-R
First Pte Ltd (hereinafter sometimes called “URF”), ran one outlet at Boon
Lay.

3 The first franchise agreement was signed in May 1993 between TPL and the
defendant. It was for a term of ten years and provided for the running of a
Teleshop at Block 443 Clementi Avenue 3. The second franchise agreement,
signed in December 1997 between the defendant and URF, was for a term of
nearly six years and was in respect of a Teleshop at Boon Lay Way. The third
agreement, made in February 1998 between the defendant and TPL was for a term
of ten years and was in respect of a Teleshop at the Bedok MRT station.
Subsequently the location of the shop covered by this agreement was changed to
Holland Drive.

4 On 5 June 2001, the plaintiffs jointly served a notice on the defendant that
they wished to terminate the franchise agreements in respect of all three
Teleshops without prejudice to either party’s rights and obligations under the
agreements. They said that the agreements would terminate 30 days from the
date of the letter. The two suits were filed on 30 July 2002 and were
consolidated a few months later. The reliefs claimed by both plaintiffs are
the same, to wit, damages to be assessed for alleged breach of contract. There
are two main heads of claim:

(a) Breaches and continuing breaches of express terms of the franchise
agreements.

(b) Breach of the implied term of non-competition.

**Background to the disputes**

5 The individuals behind the plaintiffs are Mr Kamaluddin s/o Noor Mohamad, Mr
Chandra Sehkar s/o Nadaraja and Mr Abdul Sukkoor. All three are directors and
shareholders of both plaintiffs and the first two were the plaintiffs’
witnesses in the action. In 1992, the three men were operating a bookshop in
Clementi when they received a mailer from the defendant inviting them to
consider taking a franchise to operate a Teleshop. They responded positively
to the mailer and were subsequently interviewed and briefed on the business.
Negotiations went well and they were selected to run a franchise business.

6 TPL was incorporated on 8 May 1993 for the purpose of being the Teleshop
franchisee. The first franchise agreement, signed on 27 May 1993, was in
respect of the Clementi Teleshop. The subsequent agreements were almost
identical in wording.

7 Each franchise taken by the plaintiffs required a substantial investment.
The plaintiffs had to pay the defendant a non-recurring licence fee for the
grant of each franchise. They also had to incur expenses in renovating
premises to meet the defendant’s requirements and to purchase stock and set up
a bank guarantee for the purchase of stock. In the case of the Clementi
outlet, TPL estimated that its initial expenses, including the payment of the
licence fee (which in the case of Clementi was $100,000), amounted to
$500,000. In addition, under the franchise agreements, for each outlet the
plaintiffs had to pay the defendant a continuing royalty and management fee in
a sum equal to 5% of the prior month’s gross monthly sales (for Bedok, the fee
was higher) and a marketing levy in the sum of 3% of the prior month’s gross
sales.

8 Up to about 1998, the franchised businesses operated fairly well. TPL
encountered some problems in the initial operation of the franchise and
complaints were made to the defendant from time to time. On the whole, parties
managed to work out their differences. In January 1997, the Clementi outlet
moved to a new location in the Clementi area. In mid-1997, the defendant
approached TPL with a proposal that it operate another outlet at Boon Lay.
This proposal was accepted and URF was incorporated for the purpose of taking
the Boon Lay franchise and running that outlet. In the case of Boon Lay the
licence fee amounted to $57,900. The Boon Lay outlet commenced operation in
October 1997.

9 The difficulties between the plaintiffs and the defendant really started
with the third franchise agreement that was in respect of a Teleshop to be
operated by TPL at Bedok. TPL had secured a lease of shop premises at the
Bedok MRT station and proposed to the defendant that a Teleshop be established
there. The defendant already had a Teleshop in Bedok that it operated itself.
The defendant said that it was not keen on a competing outlet being
established nearby and tried to dissuade TPL from proceeding. TPL, however,
was adamant. Eventually, the defendant agreed but imposed a higher royalty of
9.5% instead of the royalty of 8% applicable to the other two outlets. The
licence fee was $100,000. The Bedok outlet commenced operation in February
1998 and was an immediate failure. Within three months of opening it, the
plaintiffs wished to close the outlet and sought approval from the defendant
to do so. In August, the defendant consented to relocation but insisted that
the Bedok outlet be closed only when the plaintiffs were ready to move to the
new location. The plaintiffs were not happy about this but they carried on
operations in Bedok. In December 1998, operations at Bedok ceased and TPL took
over the operation of a Teleshop at Holland Drive that had previously been
operated by the defendant itself. The plaintiffs complained that they could
have saved over $90,000 in operating costs alone had the defendant acceded to
their initial request to close the Bedok outlet in June 1998.

10 The plaintiffs stated that their relationship with the defendant started to
deteriorate thereafter. They complained that they were handicapped in the
operations of the retail outlets by the failure of the defendant to implement
a proper “System” to take care of all the operational needs of the outlets.
They also suffered from the defendant’s practice of competing with the outlets
run by franchisees by differentiating between those outlets and the
defendant’s own Teleshops and its “Hello!” and “POD” shops. The defendant
allegedly did this by carrying out special promotions that were available only
in the defendant’s Teleshops. Further, the average margins given by the
defendant continued to drop while sales volumes also dropped or remained flat.

11 According to the plaintiffs, by the second half of 2000, the situation was
very critical with the plaintiffs’ average margins (after royalties) dropping
to as low as between 4% and 6%. The plaintiffs were incurring heavy
operational losses and they approached the defendant and presented their
plight. There were several meetings with the defendant but no satisfactory
solution was arrived at.

12 In the meantime, the defendant had established a new method of retailing
telecommunication equipment in the form of the “Hello!” shop and had also
established a “POD” shop aimed specifically at young consumers. The plaintiffs
were under the impression that their Teleshops would eventually be converted
to “Hello!” shops. In April 2001, however, they were informed by the defendant
that the defendant did not intend to proceed with the conversion of the retail
outlets to “Hello!” shops and that the defendant intended to let the
plaintiffs complete the franchise terms with no change to the existing
arrangements. The defendant also stated that it did not intend to renew the
franchise agreements as it had decided not to continue with the franchise
scheme beyond the contracted period. In June 2001, the plaintiffs terminated
the various franchise agreements.

**First head of claim: breaches of the express terms of the franchise
agreements**

13 The plaintiffs have alleged that the defendant has breached the express
terms of the franchise agreements. Their main complaints are that the
defendant failed to:

(a) implement a proper method for conducting, marketing and promoting the
business of the franchised Teleshops;

(b) implement a proper point-of-sale (“POS”) accounting system;

(c) give advice and guidance; and

(d) conduct performance reviews.

The defendant has denied committing any of the breaches alleged by the
plaintiffs. Its position is that it had fully complied with its obligations
under the agreements and those contracts did not require it to do the matters
of which the plaintiffs complained.

**_Relevant terms_**

14 Various terms of the three agreements are relevant to the submissions
regarding the alleged breaches. Some of these clauses are worded identically
in each of the agreements. Others are worded somewhat differently. For
convenience, I set out below the various clauses that the parties rely on,
identifying which agreements they come from.

**Recitals of the Agreements**

(A) The Franchisor [the defendant] as a result of extensive research and
practical business experience has developed a successful business of shops
retailing telecommunication and other related products and services
(hereinafter called “the Business”) which is carried on under the name of
“Teleshop” (hereinafter called “the Trade Name”).

(B) The Franchisor has achieved extensive public awareness and acceptance of,
and a favourable reputation and extensive good will throughout Singapore in
the Trade Name which is associated with the highest standard of quality and
service. The Franchisor is the owner of all rights in the Trade Name.

(C) The Franchisor is the owner of confidential information on the management
and operation of the Business and in methods of conducting, marketing and
promoting the Business and in a distinctive décor, design and colour scheme of
its Business (hereinafter called “the System”).

…

(E) The Franchisee [the plaintiffs] recognises the benefits of being
identified with and licensed by the Franchisor and is desirous of acquiring
from the Franchisor the non-exclusive right and franchise to operate the
Business in Singapore in accordance with terms of this Agreement.

**Clause 1 of the Agreements – Definitions**

“Business” as defined in Recital (A);

“Retail Shop” means one shop opened by the Franchisee to operate the Business
at the Location pursuant to this Agreement;

**Clause** **1 of the Clementi Agreement - Definitions**

“Manual” means the manual belonging to the Franchisor setting out the way in
which the Franchisee shall operate the Business as set out in Schedule C (as
may from time to time be amended);

**Clause 2 of the Agreements – Grant of franchise**

2.1 For the consideration herein provided, the Franchisor hereby grants to the
Franchisee a non-exclusive right, subject to the terms and conditions
contained in this Agreement:

(a) to operate the Business at the Retail Shop in accordance with the System;
…

2.2 The Franchisor’s System used in the operation of the Business is included
in this licence. All other systems developed by, or to be developed by the
Franchisor and/or its affiliates are not included in this license, but may be
licensed separately by the Franchisor, in its sole discretion.

2.3 The non-exclusive grant of the use of the Trade Name and Trade Marks to
the Franchisee does not preclude the Franchisor from licensing the use of such
Trade Name and Trade Marks to third parties. The Franchisor expressly reserves
the right to appoint other franchisees and licensees to operate the Business
under the Trade Name in accordance with the System in Singapore and elsewhere.

**Clause 5 of the Clementi Agreement – Consideration**

The Franchisor shall be deemed to have substantially performed its obligations
hereunder upon delivery to the Franchisee of the Manual and upon provision of
extensive technical and other assistance and initial advice for the setting up
of the Retail Shop. The Franchisor will, however, continue to update
information and provide further technical and other assistance as set out in
this Agreement. …

**Clause 5 of the Boon Lay and Bedok/Holland Drive Agreements**

The Franchisor shall be deemed to have substantially performed its obligations
hereunder upon provision of extensive technical and other assistance and
initial advice for the setting up of the Retail Shop. The Franchisor will,
however, continue to update information and provide further technical and
other assistance as set out in this Agreement. …

**Clause 6.3 of the Clementi Agreement**

6.3 The Franchisor will deliver to the Franchisee the Manual in the English
Language relating to the Franchisor’s Business operation in Singapore as set
out in Schedule C. The Franchisee acknowledges that the Manual shall at all
times remain in property of the Franchisor and will upon termination of this
Agreement be returned to the Franchisor in accordance with Clause 13.3 below.

**Clause 6.4 of the Clementi Agreement and clause 6.3 of the Boon Lay and
Bedok/Holland Drive Agreements**

(a) The Franchisor will undertake advertising and public relations campaigns
to promote the Business in Singapore and provide to the Franchisee
consultation and advice on the development of concepts and themes for store
decoration and displays and window displays.

(b) The Franchisor will make available to the Franchisee, promotional and
point-of-sale materials and advise the franchisee on promotional programmes
for the Retail Shop.

**Clause 6.5 of the Clementi Agreement**

6.5 The Franchisor shall:

(a) provide the Franchisee with advice and guidance on management and
operations of the Business;

(b) conduct periodic performance reviews together with the Franchisee at least
twice a calendar year;

(c) assist the Franchisee in the selection of the Location;

(d) update the Manual and continue its research and development so as
continually to improve the System;

(e) make available to the Franchisee all the Products and services which the
Franchisor makes available to its other franchisees;

**Clause 6.4 of the Boon Lay and Bedok/Holland Drive Agreements**

6.4 The Franchisor shall:

(a) provide the Franchisee with advice and guidance on management and
operations of the Business;

(b) conduct periodic performance reviews together with the Franchisee at least
twice per quarter of a calendar year;

(c) assist the Franchisee in the selection of the Location;

(d) continue its research and development so as continually to improve the
System;

(e) make available to the Franchisee all the Products and services which the
Franchisor makes available to its other franchisees;

**Clause 7.4 of the Agreements**

7.4 In order to maintain the highest standard of service to be provided by the
Franchisee and the Franchisor’s other franchisees operating under the System
and to sustain and protect the goodwill and prestige the Business and the
Trade Marks enjoy with the public, the Franchisee agrees that:

(a) The Retail Shop will be identified, decorated, furnished, fixturized,
equipped and maintained in accordance with uniform standards established by
the Franchisor and all such equipment shall meet the Franchisor’s
specifications.

(b) It will maintain sufficient stocks of the Products and employ sufficient
staff to meet all likely demand from the customers of the Retail Shop. All the
products and services used or provided by the Franchisee under this Agreement
will be of substantially equivalent type, quantity, quality and variety as
those used or provided by the Franchisor and consistent with the business
image of the Business. The Franchisee shall not advertise or charge customers
prices in excess of or below the prices specified by the Franchisor from time
to time. The Franchisee will promptly replace or refund the cost of any
Products or services supplied by the Franchisee which do not confirm with the
high standards required by the System.

(c) All the products used, sold or distributed by the Franchisee in the Retail
Shop will be supplied directly through the Franchisor or its approved
nominated suppliers. …

(e) It will continuously operate the Retail Shop upon such days and between
such hours as the Franchisor shall specify.

(i) The Franchisee shall promptly pay all suppliers of the Business in
accordance with their usual terms and conditions. Where the Franchisee has
purchased goods from the Franchisor, the Franchisee shall pay for the same
within thirty (30) days of the date of the relevant invoice and in the event
of default of payment, the Franchisor shall be entitled to charge interest on
the sum outstanding at the rate specified in the relevant invoice from the
date the sum was due to the date of receipt of payment by the Franchisor.

**Clause 7.12 of the Clementi Agreement**

7.12 The Franchisee shall implement and thereafter continue to operate the
point of sale accounting system in the Retail Shop (more fully set out in the
Manual) and which has been devised by the Franchisor and forms part of the
System.

**Clause 7.11 of the Boon Lay and Bedok/Holland Drive Agreements**

7.11 The Franchisee shall implement and thereafter continue to operate the
point of sale accounting system in the Retail Shop which has been devised by
the Franchisor and forms part of the System.

As can be seen, the differences in wording and numbering between the clauses
of the Clementi agreement and those of the Boon Lay/Bedok/Holland Drive
agreements are slight. For convenience, I will henceforth specifically mention
only the clauses of the Clementi agreement and such references are to be taken
as encompassing references to the equivalent clauses in the other agreements.

**_Did the defendant fail to implement a proper method of business?_**

15 The plaintiffs quoted recital (C) and cll 2.1(a), 2.2, 6.1, 6.5(d), 7.1 and
7.4 and put forward the proposition that the defendant was obliged to provide
the retail outlets with a proper “System” for the efficient management of the
same. They submitted that these provisions meant that the System had to be
capable of performing the essential functions of sales, marketing, purchasing,
inventory control and performance monitoring and review so that the retail
outlets could operate efficiently and successfully. The plaintiffs said that
the defendant had not shown what its System actually comprised nor did it show
that it had provided every necessary ingredient of the same for the Business
of the Retail Shops. They also pointed out that the System operated in the
Teleshops owned by the defendant itself would have been different from that
employed in the franchisee-owned Teleshops as the defendant-owned shops did
not need a system for calculating rebates.

16 The first specific allegation under this head made by the plaintiffs was
that an inventory management system for the purpose of inventory control and
re-ordering was lacking. The plaintiffs were left to their own devices to
monitor the stock levels for both inventory control and replenishment
purposes. They said that their sales and profitability were often affected by
the defendant’s inability to fulfil the plaintiffs’ purchase orders. They also
relied on the evidence of Mr Andrew Koh, who was employed by the defendant as
general manager, retail, between October 1994 and January 1998. He said in
court that the POS accounting system provided by the defendant “cannot do that
inventory. It’s point of sale – it’s a cash register. Neither can it do
accounting”.

17 The defendant’s evidence on the inventory management system was contained
in the affidavit of Ms Pauline Ong who in 1993 was the defendant’s assistant
manager in charge of two Teleshops, one of which was the Clementi outlet. She
said that when the Clementi outlet was established, it was provided with the
POS system and the Teleshop Management System (“TMS”). The TMS included
inventory management, sales management and repair tracking for customers’
faulty items. It comprised a computer that was connected to the defendant’s
central computer. The details of the inventory management system were set out
in section 6.1.3 of the Manual. The sales transactions registered in the POS
system were uploaded at the end of each day to the defendant’s central
computer for processing. After processing, the stock status of each Teleshop
would be downloaded into its own TMS by the next morning. The inventory
management system could generate the stock status report, the stock ledger and
the stock transaction report of all products. These reports would enable the
Teleshops to track the inventory and determine whether they had sufficient
stocks left in their shops. As regards the plaintiffs’ allegation that the
inventory management system could not “generate re-orders for products when
they fell below a pre-determined critical level”, such a function was never
available. The Manual stated that stocks had to be ordered by purchase orders.

18 Ms Ong’s evidence was corroborated by that given by Ms Neo Geok Kuan who
was an area manager and operations manager with the defendant between 1993 and
May 2000. Ms Neo also said that whilst initially the inventory management
system was part of the TMS, subsequently it was integrated into the POS
system. The improved POS system could process the sales transactions and stock
status of the Teleshop without having to rely on the central computer to do
such processing under the TMS. The improved POS system was installed in the
Boon Lay and Bedok/Holland Drive outlets.

19 Ms Ong testified that the reports referred to could have been generated by
the System in May 1993 when the Clementi outlet was opened. She referred to
certain exhibits but it was then pointed out to her that these exhibits were
for dates in 1998 which was four and a half years after she had left the
defendant. She was asked whether she or the defendant could produce a single
inventory report that the TMS was able to deliver between 1993 and 1998 and
her reply was they could but it was a long time ago and she was not sure that
such records had been kept.

20 The defendant submitted that it was not surprising that it had not been
able to produce an inventory report made between 1993 and January 1998 as the
System had been upgraded in 1998 for the Clementi Teleshop and the old
inventory management system no longer existed. In any event, Ms Ong had
confirmed in cross-examination that the inventory management system as at May
1993 could produce the same inventory reports as those exhibited in her
affidavit in 1998 and that samples of such reports had been attached to the
Manual which had been given to TPL. The defendant also submitted that the
plaintiffs had misinterpreted Mr Koh’s evidence. He had simply said that “POS
system cannot do that inventory” which was correct because during his term of
employment with the defendants, the inventory management system was contained
within the TMS and not the POS system. That was not inconsistent with Ms Ong’s
evidence that TMS contained the inventory management system. The plaintiffs
cast aspersions on the quality of Ms Ong’s evidence. Having examined her
evidence, I find that those criticisms were not merited.

21 From the sections of the agreements which I have set out above, it would be
noted that the main difference between the Clementi agreement and the
agreements for Boon Lay and Bedok/Holland Drive lay in the references to “the
Manual” which were contained in the Clementi agreement and absent from the
other two. There is no dispute that upon signing the Clementi agreement, TPL
was given a copy of the Manual. The plaintiffs down played the importance of
the Manual which they described as being a start-up kit rather than an
authoritative document. However, an examination of the Manual shows that it is
a substantial document that sets out in detail the business format and the
System of the Teleshop, including the pre-opening preparations, the operation
of the Teleshop outlet, the systems used by the defendant’s Teleshops, namely
the POS System and the TMS, and certain technical know-how. The Manual
describes the POS System at section 3.2.9 as being a “cash register used to
keep monies as well as transmit daily sales data into the Franchise Inventory
System”. Whilst that section also says that POS data would be used to analyse
the inventory status of each Teleshop, it makes it clear that the POS System
is separate from the inventory system. The Manual sets out the inventory
control in the various sub-sections of section 4.3 and this makes clear that
it is the stock status report generated by the TMS that would show a detailed
record of the movement of all trading stocks. It also gives instructions on
how to operate the TMS.

22 Having considered all the evidence, I find that the plaintiffs have not
made out their allegation in relation to the lack of a proper inventory
system. The inventory system was required by all Teleshops, not only those
operated by franchisees like the plaintiffs. The defendant provided the same
inventory system to everyone and whilst the plaintiffs might have found it
inadequate in certain respects, they managed to operate that system and to run
their outlets fairly efficiently for a number of years. Certainly, the
defendant recognised that the system was not perfect and therefore upgraded it
subsequently. Such upgrading did not mean that a totally inadequate system was
provided originally. The system given could produce inventory reports which
would have enabled the plaintiffs to track their inventory status and the
plaintiffs were able to manually re-order stocks using purchase orders if they
did not have sufficient stocks left. Whilst an electronic ordering system
would have saved time, the system provided to the plaintiffs was the same one
as the defendant was using in its own Teleshops and what the defendant had
promised the plaintiffs was to give them the system that it had developed and
used. This was the system provided in fact.

23 The second allegation under this head related to rebates. The plaintiffs
stated that in a normal course of business with the defendant, they had to
claim about 20% to 25% of turnover per month in rebate payments. This was a
significant amount and the rebate claims were an integral and recurrent
feature of the franchise operation. The defendant did not have a system to
track the rebates accruing to the plaintiffs and pay them accordingly. The
defendant resorted to a lengthy, _ad hoc_ and manual rebate process which
imposed on the plaintiffs tedious and unnecessary administrative work. As a
result the plaintiffs had difficulty in computing and reconciling the rebates
due to them. As the defendant invariably paid less than the amount claimed by
the plaintiffs, there were numerous disputes between the parties. In a rebate
dispute relating to a period between 2000 and 2001, the defendant initially
rejected about $220,000 worth of the plaintiffs’ claims. After the plaintiffs
protested, the defendant paid 90% of the rejected claims. The difficulties and
delays in claiming rebates affected the plaintiffs’ cash flow and their
ability to carry on business.

24 The plaintiffs’ complaint about rebates arose because the defendant
supplied them with telecommunication products at normal cost (_ie_ , the
recommended retail price less the profit margin). When promotions were
conducted by the defendant for the Teleshops, the outlets would sell the
products to customers at the promotion price instead of the recommended retail
price. The difference between the normal cost and the promotion cost (the
promotion less the profit margin) would be paid back to the plaintiffs as a
rebate.

25 The defendant’s response to the above allegation was that there never was
any agreement or representation made by the defendant that it would provide an
automated rebate tracking or computation system or that the POS System
provided to the plaintiffs would be capable of such functions. The defendant
pointed out that during cross-examination, Mr Kamaluddin admitted that the
Manual did not state that the POS System included a rebate feature. The
defendant’s Teleshops had never had to claim rebates. The defendant’s evidence
also was that in the initial stages of the Clementi outlet operation, rebate
claims were filled and made on an _ad hoc_ basis. Therefore, the rebates were
not an integral feature of the franchise operations as alleged by the
plaintiffs, but were a feature that evolved over time and in response to
changing market conditions. The defendant therefore was not in breach for not
providing a rebate system that satisfied the plaintiffs.

26 Mr Andrew Koh’s testimony showed that prior to 1994, the defendant did not
have a rebate claim system because at that time prices were not volatile in
that they changed only every three months. In those days the defendant was
able to give Teleshops two or three weeks’ notice of an intended change in
prices so that the Teleshops could sell off the old stock at the old prices
and no rebates were required. The witness said that from 1994 up to 1997,
rebates were given on an _ad hoc_ basis. When the rebate claims became more
frequent in 1997 because of frequent changes in the selling price of the
products due to increased competition, the defendant did provide a manual
rebate system to process the rebate claims. The plaintiffs were not happy with
that because of the amount of manual work involved. Mr Koh agreed that the
system was not perfect but said it was the best the defendant could come up
with at that time and was a way to give the franchisees the rebates. Mr Koh
also testified that the volume of mobile phones sold by the defendant after
MobileOne entered the market in 1997 increased by eight to nine times within
the first few months of the increase in competition. The defendant had to
employ additional staff to handle the increase.

27 Mr Koh considered that the manual rebate system was cumbersome but another
view was taken by Ms Neo. She said that there were only two columns that the
claimant needed to fill in and after doing so, it simply had to submit the
form to the defendant’s retail support team. She also stated that the
plaintiffs made the first request for an automated rebate tracking system only
in early 1999 by their letter of 17 March 1999. It was Mr Kamaluddin who
proposed that the rebate system should be integrated into the POS System and
subsequently the defendant engaged a contractor to try and do this.

28 It is apparent from the evidence that initially the defendant had not
provided any particular system in relation to rebate claims. It was probably
not thought of because the defendant-operated Teleshops did not require such a
system to function efficiently since they did not purchase equipment from the
defendant. At the beginning also, in view of the relatively stable price
situation, there was no need for a sophisticated rebate claim system. _Ad hoc_
claims were sufficient. Around 1997, a manual rebate system was introduced in
response to the changed situation. Subsequently, when the price changes became
even more frequent the manual system adopted revealed its inadequacies. The
issue that confronts me is whether by not providing a system which could deal
efficiently with the great number of rebate claims that had to be made by the
plaintiffs after 1997, the defendant was in breach of its contract with the
plaintiffs to provide a system allowing for the successful business of
retailing telecommunication products.

29 I have concluded that in relation to the Clementi agreement, there was no
breach of contract initially as the defendant’s obligation under the agreement
was to give TPL the system that it had developed for use in its own Teleshops.
That system did not include a rebate system, first because the defendant
itself required no such system and secondly, because the business climate of
the time did not disclose the need for such a system when the business was
franchised. As regards subsequent developments, by cl 6.5 of the Clementi
agreement, the defendant undertook to update the Manual and continue its
research and development so as continually to improve the System. As the
situation changed in relation to rebates, the defendant did introduce a manual
rebate system and subsequently employed a contractor to try and develop an
automated rebate system. It appears to me that the defendant did do its best
to respond to the changing situation and thereby met its obligations under the
Clementi agreement.

30 As regards the Boon Lay and Bedok/Holland Drive agreements, the plaintiffs
were fully aware at the time they signed those agreements of what they would
be obtaining in regard to the rebate system and, going by what they said, they
had been asking the defendant since 1993 to improve the system. Yet, in the
new agreements, there was no express clause describing the type of rebate
system that the defendant was obligated to provide to the plaintiffs. Nor was
there any evidence that the plaintiffs had insisted on the presence of such a
clause. The plaintiffs, when they signed the new agreements, were well aware
of the type of rebate system that they would obtain for the Boon Lay and
Bedok/Holland Drive outlets. Still, they went ahead with those agreements.
They knew what they would get and what they were provided with could not
therefore be a breach of the agreements, no matter how unwieldy and
inconvenient the system was.

31 The third complaint related to the way in which the business of the
franchised Teleshops was promoted. The plaintiffs stated that they were not
privy to information on the defendant’s marketing and promotion plans. Often
they learned of a promotion only from newspaper advertisements placed by the
defendant and had limited or no stock of the items being promoted. Customers
who went to the plaintiffs’ outlets to buy these items were often irritated to
learn that the plaintiffs did not have stock of the same. Secondly, the
defendant often carried out promotions and placed advertisements that the
items on promotion were only available at the Teleshops it operated or at the
“Hello!” and POD shops. The plaintiffs submitted that the defendant was
obliged to fulfil their purchase orders because the plaintiffs were not
allowed to purchase from any other supplier. They also submitted that the
defendant had promised to ensure that the plaintiffs had an adequate supply of
goods according to their needs and orders. I should point out here that there
was no such express undertaking in the agreements. What the defendant had
promised, by cl 6.5(e), was that it would make available to the plaintiffs all
the products and services which it made available to its other franchisees.

32 Evidence was given by Mr Koh, Ms Neo and Ms Sarah Chua, senior director,
retail and marketing, of the defendant between February 1999 and January 2001,
on the marketing efforts made by the defendant. There was a marketing
department which carried out extensive advertising of the Teleshop business.
It also ran many promotions, with at least four nationwide promotions each
year and produced many promotional and point of sale materials to publicise
the promotions such as flyers, posters and pamphlets. The defendant provided
and paid for the merchandising for promotions. It also introduced services
like seven-day exchange periods which allowed customers to exchange their
products without questions asked within seven days of purchase. The defendant
believed that all Teleshop franchisees, including the plaintiffs, benefited
from these advertisements and promotions.

33 On the specific allegations made by the plaintiffs as detailed in [31]
above, the defendant responded by relying on evidence adduced by Mr Koh to the
effect that due to the competitive nature of the telecommunication business,
notices of promotions were faxed to all Teleshops usually with a couple of
days’ notice and sometimes only the evening or night before the advertisement
appeared in the newspapers. The defendant’s Teleshops were not given earlier
notice than the franchisees. Further, as regards the limited or “out of stock”
situation for items on promotion, the plaintiffs were not the only ones facing
that problem. All the Teleshops, including the defendant’s Teleshops, faced
the same problem. The defendant said that in such a situation, it would
allocate the promotional items to all Teleshops based on the track records for
sales of the Teleshops and the availability of credit. No special preference
was given to the defendant’s Teleshops. In my view this statement was somewhat
disingenuous, bearing in mind that the defendant’s own Teleshops would not
have had the “availability of credit” problem and thus would always have been
front-runners in the allocation of promotional stock.

34 Mr Koh’s evidence was that the defendant made sure that stocks were
available in all outlets because customers did not distinguish between
defendant-owned Teleshops and franchised Teleshops and therefore expected that
all stocks available in one would be available in the other. Ms Neo testified
that franchisees were given a choice as to whether they wished to participate
in any particular promotion and the quantity required by the franchisee would
be discussed with the area manager and delivered to the shop before the
promotions started. She also said that for some promotions the quantity
allocated was pre-determined by the defendant but disagreed that the defendant
alone determined the final allocation of the products.

35 The defendant further submitted that the issue of stock insufficiency was
also caused by the plaintiffs’ own inability to keep within their credit
limit. The defendant said that it was not obliged to deliver goods to the
plaintiffs beyond the credit limit which was about $1.3m for all three
outlets. Even though the plaintiffs were obliged to pay for the products
within 30 days of invoice date, they were often late in making payment and as
such they exceeded their credit limit and could not obtain products. The
plaintiffs met this submission by arguing that the reason for the late payment
was that the defendant’s failure to fully repay them the rebates due caused
them cash-flow difficulties. They also pointed to a letter written by Ms Neo
in March 1999 in which she had stated that Mr Chandra Sehkar had never
defaulted on his payments and that his monthly payments were prompt. They said
that whenever the credit limit was exceeded they had topped up their account
and there was thus no question of their being unable to keep within their
credit limit.

36 It appears to me that, on the evidence, there is not much substance in the
plaintiffs’ complaint that the defendant did not sufficiently promote and
market the products. There is, however, more substance in the complaint that
the defendant did not fulfil all the plaintiffs’ purchase orders. Ms Neo
stated in court that the plaintiffs had a problem of stock insufficiency due
to their having exceeded their credit limit relatively often. When pressed to
give the exact number of times this had happened, she said that, based on
memory, the ballpark number might have been two to three times a month. She
also agreed that stock insufficiency had affected the sales of the Clementi
outlet.

37 It is clear therefore that from time to time the defendant refused to
fulfil the plaintiffs’ purchase orders. The issue is whether such refusal was
a breach of contract on the part of the defendant. The franchise granted by
the defendant to the plaintiffs was for the plaintiffs to sell the defendant’s
products. Obviously that implied that the defendant would supply the
plaintiffs with these products. There is, however, nothing in the agreements
that states that the defendant’s obligation to supply these products was
unlimited and that, contractually, every purchase order submitted by the
plaintiffs had to be fulfilled even if the plaintiffs had not yet paid for all
goods previously supplied.

38 Whilst the plaintiffs submitted that the defendant was obliged to fulfil
their purchase orders and to ensure that they had an adequate supply of goods
according to their orders, this assertion was not part of their pleaded case.
In practice too, it appears that the plaintiffs accepted that the extent to
which products would be supplied to them on credit was limited notwithstanding
the provision in the agreement that they had 30 days in which to pay for
products purchased. From the beginning the plaintiffs negotiated credit limits
with the defendant and provided the defendant with a banker’s guarantee to
secure payment. The amount of this banker’s guarantee determined the quantum
of the credit line that the defendant extended to the plaintiffs. In 1997, the
defendant agreed to increase the credit line for the Clementi and Boon Lay
outlets to $850,000 if the plaintiffs gave them banker’s guarantees totalling
$600,000, and in 1998 the defendant extended a credit line of $450,000 to the
Bedok outlet upon receipt of a banker’s guarantee for $300,000. The
plaintiffs, being aware at all times that there was a limit to the amount of
credit that the defendant would extend and having accepted the same, are not
entitled, in my view, to complain that from time to time their purchase orders
were not fulfilled if the reason for the rejection of the purchase orders was
that the credit limit had been reached. Whilst the plaintiffs argue that on
those occasions the credit limit was only reached because their valid rebate
claims had not been accepted and taken into account by the defendant, I do not
have sufficient evidence to make such a finding. The plaintiffs have not
correlated the rejections of their purchase orders with the rejections of
their rebate claims.

**_Did the defendant fail to implement a proper point-of-sale accounting
system?_**

39 The plaintiffs’ position was that the defendant had not provided a proper
point-of-sale accounting system as it was required to do by cll 2, 6 and 7 of
the agreement. Whilst these clauses required the plaintiffs to implement and
continue to operate the POS System which the defendant had devised, neither
they nor any other part of the agreements specified the capabilities of the
POS System to be provided. The plaintiffs took the view that in the absence of
such specifications they were entitled to receive a POS System which met the
operational requirements of the outlets. They pointed out that they had had to
pay the defendant $13,000 for the POS System provided to the Clementi outlet
and a further $6,000 each for the systems provided to the other two outlets.

40 The system in fact provided was, the plaintiffs submitted, inadequate. It
was not able to track important details nor did it provide any of the
important reports that were necessary for the proper and efficient management
of the retail outlets. The plaintiffs were unable to use it for the purpose of
inventory control, nor could the POS System generate re-orders for products
when stock fell below a pre-determined critical level. The system did not
track cost details and could not generate reports to enable the plaintiffs to
monitor the sales performance and profitability. It was also not able to
monitor the differences between the recommended retail prices and promotion
prices and claim these differences as rebates from the defendant. The
plaintiffs also relied on evidence given by Mr Koh during cross-examination
that the manual process used for the submission and consideration of rebate
claims was complained about by almost all the franchisees and was a cumbersome
one for both the franchisees and the defendant. He also confirmed that the POS
System did not have the capability of computing rebates or of doing accounting
since it was a cash register.

41 The plaintiffs submitted that the POS System was thoroughly incapable of
producing any relevant or important reports that were necessary for the proper
and efficient management of the retail outlets. The plaintiffs discovered this
only when they started to use the POS System. Therefore, in 1997, when the
plaintiffs were discussing opening a second outlet in Boon Lay with the
defendant, they requested that the defendant arrange for a proper POS System
to be implemented before operations at the new outlet commenced. According to
Mr Kamaluddin, the defendant agreed to the plaintiffs’ request.

42 Turning to the evidence presented by the defendant, the POS System supplied
to the Clementi outlet was described in section 3.2.9 of the Manual as being a
“Point of Sale (POS) cash register” that was used to “keep monies as well as
transmit daily sales data into the Franchise Inventory System”. The POS System
in the Clementi outlet comprised, in accordance with the description given in
section 5 of the Manual, a cash register linked to a computer terminal. The
POS System was used to register sales transactions at the point of sale and it
was connected to the defendant’s central computer. The defendant would, at its
end, key in and update all stock data such as the stock quotes and sale
prices. The plaintiffs could then simply download the same from the
defendant’s server to the plaintiffs’ POS System. When the plaintiffs keyed in
the stock quotes or scanned the bar codes, the POS System would show all
critical information regarding the relevant products. Receipts would be
printed out for the customer at the point of sale. Every day, the retail
outlets uploaded the data in their POS System to the defendant’s central
computer for processing.

43 According to Ms Neo, who gave the above evidence, the POS System was also
capable of generating reports that would show a breakdown of all items sold
during a particular period. The system could also categorise these items
according to stock quotes. According to section 5.3 of the Manual, the POS
System could generate a Store Item Sales Report (containing a breakdown of all
items sold in a day), a Store Activity Report, an X-Read Report (giving
details of all transactions done), and a Z-Read Report (a daily summary of all
transactions at the end of the day). These reports enabled the Teleshops to
know how many units of each product were sold during a certain period. They
could also be used to monitor an outlet’s sales performance and track
inventory. The defendant’s Teleshops would, on a daily basis, print out the
reports and check the inventory to ensure that there were no discrepancies.
This was crucial in preventing fraud and theft. The plaintiffs were also
advised to follow this practice.

44 The POS System in place in the Clementi outlet was the same as that used in
all the defendant’s Teleshops. The POS System installed in the Boon Lay and
Bedok/Holland Drive outlets was an improved version of the one installed in
Clementi because it integrated the inventory management system from the TMS.
In early 1999, the plaintiffs installed the improved POS System at the
Clementi outlet as well. Ms Neo maintained that the POS System provided by the
defendant was more than a mere cash register and could perform functions that
were unavailable in a cash register. The system provided complied with the
defendant’s contractual obligations. The original system, that initially
installed in Clementi, did not include any inventory management system as the
latter was part of the TMS. In respect of the improved POS System installed in
the Boon Lay and Bedok/Holland Drive outlets, however, the inventory
management functions were integrated into the POS System.

45 The two main witnesses giving evidence on behalf of the defendant on the
POS System and its features were Ms Neo and Ms Ong who corroborated the
evidence of Ms Neo. Counsel for the plaintiffs did not challenge the evidence
of these two witnesses during cross-examination. Whilst it was put to Ms Ong
that the POS System was a cash register _simpliciter_ , she disagreed and
maintained that it was a cash register connected to a computer connected to a
telephone line to the defendant’s headquarters. Whilst Mr Koh had said that it
was only a cash register, he was a member of the defendant’s senior management
and was not familiar with the day to day workings of the Teleshops or with the
Manual in which the detailed features of the POS System was set out.

46 Having considered all the evidence, I do not agree that the POS System
supplied by the defendant was not a proper system. The system supplied
complied with the defendant’s contractual obligations and complied with the
system described in the Manual. It was the same POS System used in the
defendant’s own Teleshops. The fact that the plaintiffs found inadequacies in
the POS System does not of itself put the defendant in breach of contract.

**_Did the defendant fail to conduct performance reviews and to give advice
and guidance?_**

47 Clause 6.5 provides that the franchisor shall:

(a) provide the franchisee with advice and guidance on management and
operations of the Business; and

(b) conduct periodic performance reviews together with the franchisee at least
twice a calendar year.

The plaintiffs submitted that the defendant was in breach of both these
obligations.

48 The defendant adduced evidence of the system that it put in place to
monitor and advise on the management and operation of the Business. Each
Teleshop, whether operated by the defendant itself or by a franchisee, was
placed under the charge of an area manager employed by the defendant. The area
manager visited his Teleshops on a weekly basis and had to advise and guide
the management of the outlets on the running of the Business. The area manager
had also to ensure that the Teleshops under his charge met the sales target
that the defendant had set for them.

49 An example of how this system operated can be found in the evidence of Ms
Neo, the area manager in charge of the Clementi outlet up till June 1997. She
confirmed that, as area manager, she had visited that outlet weekly for four
years. On each visit, she would first examine the shop display and check to
ensure that it was eye-catching and in accordance with the guidelines given by
the retail department. She would ensure that current promotional products and
materials were displayed and would advise the shop manager on the proper
method of display. Additionally, she would observe the customer service skills
and the presentation of the staff. Any deficiencies in knowledge or training
would be pointed out to the manager. After spending about half an hour in the
front of the shop observing operations, Ms Neo would adjourn to the back room
with the shop manager to inform him of her observations and advise him on ways
of improving operations. She would also examine the inventory and sales report
of the outlet and then analyse the inventory status and sales performance with
the manager. If there were stocks that had been around for some time, she
would advise the plaintiffs to return the same to the defendant so that credit
would be freed up for them to purchase other stocks that would sell better.
She would also examine the sales volume and advise the shop manager on the
type of products that appear to be selling well in the Clementi outlet and to
ask him to order more of such products. If there were insufficient stocks to
meet the demand, she would look into the problem and try to arrange for more
stocks to be given to the Clementi outlet.

50 At the close of each month, and upon consolidation of the sales and
inventory data for the Teleshops, the area manager would discuss and analyse
the sales performance for that month with the shop managers. Ms Neo said that
for her part, during such discussions with the manager of the Clementi outlet,
she would compare the sales performance for that month with that of the
previous months as well as compare it with the sales performances of other
Teleshops under her care during that month. She did this to inform the shop
manager how his outlet was faring financially on the macro level.

51 The defendant also conducted monthly shop managers’ meetings which were
attended by its retail director, its operations manager and the area managers.
During these meetings, the shop managers were free to raise any concerns or
problems they had with the defendant and to seek advice and guidance. In
addition, the defendant conducted regular training sessions for the plaintiffs
including on-site training by the defendant’s training department. Product
training was provided prior to each product launch. The defendant paid for the
services of a “mystery shopper” who would visit all of the Teleshops randomly
and without notice and report on the quality of the customer service of the
Teleshops. The defendant also engaged a research company to conduct, on a
yearly basis, a “customer satisfaction survey” in respect of the Teleshops.
All reports and survey results were distributed to the various franchisees,
including the plaintiffs, to assist them in monitoring and improving their
customer service.

52 The above evidence of the type of advice and guidance proffered by the
defendant was not challenged by the plaintiffs. Their complaint in this area
centred on the opening of the Bedok outlet. That outlet was a failure from the
start and what the plaintiffs are upset about is that the defendant permitted
them to open this outlet. In their closing submissions, the plaintiffs focused
on Ms Neo’s assertions that the defendant did not want the plaintiffs to open
an outlet at the Bedok Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station and that the higher
royalty imposed for the Bedok outlet was meant to discourage the plaintiffs
from establishing it. The plaintiffs submitted that Ms Neo was being
untruthful in giving the above evidence since if the defendant really did not
want the plaintiffs to open the Bedok outlet, it could simply have said “no
approval” and that would have been the end of the matter. On the other hand,
if it was indeed true that the defendant’s conclusion was that the Bedok MRT
station was unsuitable for a Teleshop, then the defendant had failed in its
obligation to assist the plaintiffs in the selection of a suitable location as
it had approved the location whilst believing it to be unsuitable. Further,
when the Bedok outlet failed to perform, the defendant turned down the
plaintiffs’ proposal to cut their losses by closing the Bedok Teleshop
immediately. The defendant’s insistence that the plaintiffs continue
operations at Bedok until a new outlet could be opened showed a lack of
concern for the welfare of the plaintiffs and a lack of good faith.

53 According to Ms Neo, when the plaintiffs first proposed opening an outlet
at Bedok, she informed them of the defendant’s concern that the Bedok area was
too small to support two Teleshops and the sales of the defendant’s own
Teleshop would be diluted if a new outlet was set up. She then turned down the
proposal. The plaintiffs were still keen on this proposal so she then
inspected the site and did some financial projections which indicated that
their proposal was not workable. The initial negotiations were held with Mr
Chandra Sehkar. The plaintiffs then asked for a further meeting and this time
Mr Kamaluddin met Ms Neo and the then general manager, Mr Lee. At that
meeting, Mr Kamaluddin showed Mr Lee the plaintiffs’ own projections and said
that the plaintiffs were very confident that the area could support two
Teleshops. The defendant finally decided to ask for increased royalties of 10%
to discourage the plaintiffs from proceeding. The plaintiffs were not happy
with this royalty figure but assured the defendant that they had done their
homework and were confident that the Bedok outlet would be a success. Since
the plaintiffs appeared determined to set up the outlet, the defendant agreed
to reduce the royalties slightly to 9.5%.

54 As stated above, Ms Neo’s position in court was that the increased rate of
royalty was intended to act as a disincentive. A document which she produced
in March 1999, however, stated that the higher royalty was asked for in order
to compensate for “sales cannibalisation” as Bedok Central was a relatively
small area. I, however, have no reason to doubt Ms Neo’s evidence that she
turned down the plaintiffs’ proposal twice. Mr Chandra Sekhar, the person whom
she spoke with, did not contradict her evidence on this point. It appears to
me that the defendant’s initial reluctance to sanction the outlet was worn
down by the plaintiffs’ enthusiasm and insistence. The defendant’s main
concern at that time was that the Bedok area was too small to support two
shops and that its own Teleshop would lose sales. The plaintiffs were made
aware of this position and yet wanted to proceed. They were willing to pay
higher royalties for the outlet because of their confidence in its location.
Subsequently, when sales were bad, they ascribed the poor result to a
combination of the following factors:

(a) The shop was in an enclosed area which was not well air-conditioned or lit
and as such the thousands of commuters who used the MRT station tended to rush
out of the station.

(b) There was only one shop in the location, making it unattractive as a
shopping destination.

(c) There was no convenient car park for customers who were driving.

(d) There was an established Teleshop nearby.

In hindsight, it is clear that the defendant made a mistake in acceding to the
plaintiffs’ request and approving the location of the Bedok outlet. I am,
however, not prepared to hold the defendant in breach of contract for having
done so when the evidence has established to my satisfaction that it was the
plaintiffs who wanted this location and who kept on working on the defendant
to overcome its reluctance and give the necessary permission. It is
unfortunate that the defendant’s fears were proved correct. All the factors
that the plaintiffs complained about later would, however, have been known to
them at the time they established the shop and if they, experienced
businessmen, underestimated the adverse impact of such factors, they cannot
really complain that the defendant gave in to their continued persuasion.
Overall, the evidence has established the defendant continually carried out
its obligations to give advice and guidance to the plaintiffs on the running
and management of their business.

55 The second complaint in relation to the Bedok Teleshop was that the
defendant had failed to provide advice and guidance by insisting that the
plaintiffs continue with the operation of the Bedok outlet despite the losses
incurred. The defendant’s response was that it was not obliged under the
Bedok/Holland Drive agreement to accede to this request but that it had, out
of goodwill, agreed to allow the plaintiffs to relocate the outlet and had
assisted them in looking for a new location.

56 It appears to me that the plaintiffs cannot seriously argue that the
defendant’s obligation to provide the franchisee with advice and guidance on
the management and operations of the business meant that it was obliged to
permit the plaintiffs to close the outlet when it lost money. Closing of the
outlet would have meant, in effect, a termination of the Bedok/Holland Drive
agreement. That agreement was for a term of ten years. There is no provision
in the Bedok/Holland Drive agreement that allows for early termination if the
outlet turns out to be a loss-making enterprise. The Clementi agreement
contains such a provision but this clause was omitted from the Bedok/Holland
Drive agreement. Under the latter, TPL could seek an early termination but
only by giving notice after the lapse of 36 months from the opening date of
the business. Alternatively, if the defendant was in breach of its
obligations, TPL could terminate for cause. The scheme of the Bedok/Holland
Drive agreement therefore clearly contemplated that for the first 36 months
the outlet would continue to function and the defendant would not be bound to
advise TPL to close it notwithstanding its poor performance. The plaintiffs
themselves, in their letter of 17 September 1998 to the defendant setting out
their problems with the Bedok Teleshop and asking for permission to close it
while they were looking for an alternative location, did not assert that the
defendant had a contractual obligation to permit such closure, much less that
the defendant would be in breach of contract if it did not agree to their
request. The plaintiffs at that time had a clearer appreciation of the
contractual situation than they displayed in their closing submissions.

57 The third complaint is that the defendant failed to carry out the
performance reviews required under the contract. It appears to me that the
dispute revolves around the meaning of the term “performance reviews”. The
defendant maintained that performance reviews had been conducted regularly
although there were no written records of the same. It was not disputed that
there had been regular meetings at the various outlets between the defendant’s
area managers and the staff of such outlets. The plaintiffs took the view that
such meetings were for the purpose of enabling the area managers to provide
advice and guidance to the staff on daily operational matters and were not
performance reviews. They asserted that to qualify as a “performance review”
within the terms of the contract, the review had to be on the sales and
profitability of the outlets and contain advice on how to improve
profitability.

58 The defendant’s position was that the weekly meetings between its area
managers and the staff of the outlets and the regular meetings between the
franchisees and the area managers (about once every three or four months)
fulfilled the obligation to conduct performance reviews. The profitability of
the franchised outlets was not the defendant’s concern and it was not part of
its function to monitor profitability or advise on the same. Its advice was
directed at assisting the Teleshops to meet their sales targets and achieve a
certain turnover. Whether such turnover would translate into bigger or smaller
profits for the franchisees would depend on the latter’s own costs.

59 Clause 6 of the Clementi agreement deals with the defendant’s obligations
as franchisor. There are five sub-clauses and each of them deals with an
aspect of the franchised business. Sub-clause 6.1 sets out the obligations of
the defendant to provide training and technical assistance to the employees of
the franchisee. Under cl 6.2, the defendant agreed to make its own personnel
available to the franchisee for additional technical and other assistance.
Clause 6.3 deals with the delivery of the Manual and cl 6.4 deals with the
marketing and advertising needed to promote the business and advice on store
decoration and display of merchandise. Clause 6.5 has six sub-paragraphs. The
first deals with advice and guidance on management and operations, the third
deals with the selection of the location of the store, the fourth relates to
the improvement of the system, the fifth is on the availability of products
and services and the sixth relates to warranties for the products. The second
sub-paragraph, which is the one I am concerned with here, deals with the
conduct of “performance reviews”. This sub-paragraph therefore appears in a
context that deals with how the franchisor is supposed to impart knowledge of
its franchised business system to the franchisee and provide the necessary
support to enable the franchisee to operate the business in the correct way
and maximise its sales. The whole clause is concerned with the conduct of the
business. It is not concerned with the franchisee’s own profit margins.
Everything is aimed at turnover. The performance reviews in this context must
be reviews aimed at ascertaining how well the franchisee had implemented the
system, both from the point of view of display and range of products and from
the point of view of staff competence, knowledge and customer service.
Discussions covering the areas of sales, customer service, competency of staff
and display of merchandise would contribute to improved performance of any
outlet. How such improved performance impacted on the individual franchisee’s
profitability would depend on other factors as well that were not within the
defendant’s control. In this context, the plaintiffs’ interpretation of the
words “performance review” to mean review of the profitability of their
outlets is strained. It is worth noting that there is no profit guarantee in
any of the agreements.

60 It is also significant that the plaintiffs did not complain before May
2001, when their relationship with the defendant deteriorated, that the
defendant had failed to carry out the obligatory performance reviews. The
plaintiffs complained about various things during their relationship with the
defendant and it is therefore not unfair to infer that, on the whole, they did
not expect the defendant to go into detail on issues relating to their own
profitability. The directors of the plaintiffs were experienced businessmen.
They ran bookshops before they went into the telecommunication equipment sales
business. One of them, Mr Kamaluddin, held a degree in business
administration. He agreed in court that profitability of the outlets was
determined to a large extent by two factors, _ie_ , income and overheads and
that the matter of overheads was largely within the plaintiffs’ control. He
also agreed that the overheads were substantially made up of directors’
salaries and the rental for the various outlets. Mr Kamaluddin and his
partners were well aware of how profitability could be controlled. They were
also aware of what information needed to be given to the defendant if they
wanted advice on profitability. They did not go to the defendant at any time
with this information and ask for such advice. The plaintiffs have not
established that by failing to deal with the profitability of the outlets, the
defendant was in breach of contract.

**_Did the defendant fail to ensure an adequate product range for the
plaintiffs’ outlets?_**

61 In relation to this allegation, the plaintiffs rely on the terms of recital
(A) and cll 7.4(b) and (c). They assert that for the last few years during
which their outlets operated, the defendant drastically reduced the range of
pagers and fixed-line telephones supplied to the plaintiffs. These items were
of low value but gave the plaintiffs higher margins and helped increase the
plaintiffs’ average margins. Such items sold well in the plaintiffs’ outlets
and the plaintiffs could not comprehend why the defendant saw it fit to
discontinue such products. At times, the defendant also did not allow the
plaintiffs to carry some products (for example, the latest data communication
products), insisting that such products were meant for the defendant’s
Teleshops.

62 The defendant’s response was that the above allegations were not pleaded
and the plaintiffs in respect of such claims adduced no evidence. None of the
defendant’s witnesses were cross-examined on these points and the plaintiffs
never put their case on the same to any of the defendant’s witnesses. On the
authority of _Browne v Dunn_ (1893) 6 R 67, such failure to put their case
would be fatal to the plaintiffs.

63 The defendant’s points were well taken. Paragraph 12 of the Re-Re-Amended
Statement of Claim in Suit No 890 of 2002 and para 6 of the Re-Amended
Statement of Claim in Suit No 889 of 2002 contain the respective plaintiffs’
averments in relation to breach of contract. In each case, there are six sub-
paragraphs setting out the specific ways in which the defendant has,
allegedly, breached the agreements. None of these sub-paragraphs states that
the defendant breached the agreement by drastically reducing the range of
pagers and fixed-line telephones supplied to the plaintiffs and by refusing to
allow the plaintiffs to carry some of the products. Since these alleged
breaches have not been pleaded, they were not before the court and the
defendant did not have an opportunity to deal with them either by way of
pleadings or by way of evidence. The plaintiffs cannot raise these points now.

**_Conclusion on the allegation of express breach_**

64 In considering the various allegations made by the plaintiffs, I have borne
in mind that the parties, as franchisor and franchisees, were in a continuing
commercial relationship, had dealt with each other over many years, and had a
common interest in the promotion of the business. There were difficulties
faced by both parties during the relationship due to both internal factors
like the way in which the franchised system operated and external factors like
the increased competition faced by the defendant from other purveyors of
telecommunication services. However, both parties worked reasonably well
together to try and sort out any problems that they faced. The evidence
adduced by the defendant showed that there was no substance in the plaintiffs’
complaint that the defendant failed to maintain and promote a continuing
interest in the business of the franchised outlets. Further, if occasionally
there were breaches of contract by the defendant in the early years, these
cannot have been serious breaches causing loss to the plaintiffs as they went
on to sign the Boon Lay agreement in December 1997 and the Bedok/Holland Drive
agreement in February 1998 without asking for any express terms to be included
in these two agreements to address their complaints. On the evidence, the
plaintiffs have not made out their allegations in this area.

**Second head of claim: breach of implied term**

65 In their respective Statements of Claim, the plaintiffs pleaded that the
agreements each contained an implied term that:

in order to give business efficacy to [the agreement] the defendant would not
during the currency of the agreement compete either directly or indirectly
with the Retail Shop and the other franchisees.

They further averred that in breach of the agreement the defendant had
competed with the plaintiffs. The advantages offered to the defendant’s own
Teleshops and the setting up of “Hello!” and “POD” shops made the plaintiffs’
outlets materially less profitable for the purposes contemplated by the
agreement and prevented the plaintiffs from reaping benefits as franchisees of
the defendant. The particulars of the foregoing allegation were as follows:

(a) The defendant had conducted special promotions which were only made
available to the defendant’s own Teleshops. The said promotions differentiated
between the defendant’s own Teleshops and those of the franchisees, including
the plaintiffs’ outlets, thereby preventing the plaintiffs from fully enjoying
the benefits of using the trade name “Teleshop”. In the premises, the
plaintiffs had suffered loss of sales.

(b) In or around early 2000, the defendant introduced the competing trade
names “Hello!” and “POD”. The defendant announced the progressive replacement
of its Teleshops with “Hello!” and “POD” retail shops. The defendant’s
marketing campaigns and promotions were focused on the said competing trade
names. The defendant failed and/or neglected to implement any or substantial
marketing strategy for the plaintiffs’ outlets.

66 Before I go on to deal with the issue of whether there was an implied term
relating to competition, I must mention that in their closing submissions, the
plaintiffs also invoked the notion of good faith. They submitted:

The crux of the claim for breach of implied term is the submission that a duty
of good faith is implied into a franchise agreement. It is the plaintiffs’
submission that the defendant, as franchisor, owe the plaintiffs, as
franchisees, a general duty of good faith. The pleaded implied term is part of
that general duty, which the plaintiffs say arises on the facts of this case,
and which was breached.

67 The defendant submitted and I agree that the plaintiffs were not entitled
to make any submissions relating to a duty of good faith or a breach of such
duty. I have set out in [65] above the way in which the plaintiffs pleaded the
existence of the implied term, its nature and the manner in which it was
allegedly breached. They did not plead that in a contract between a franchisor
and a franchisee there is a duty of good faith. They did not plead what such a
duty would consist of and they did not plead how such duty was allegedly
breached. It is clear from _Bullen & Leake & Jacob’s Precedents of Pleadings_
(13th Ed, 1990) and Australian cases like _Service Station Association Ltd v
Berg Bennett & Associates Pty Ltd_ (1993) 117 ALR 393 that a breach of a duty
of good faith must be specifically pleaded as a separate cause of action.
Pleading the point is all the more important in that the legal position as to
whether Singapore law recognises the existence of a duty of good faith in a
franchise contract has not yet been established. In the absence of such a
pleading, the point cannot be raised. Therefore, in considering whether the
plaintiffs have made out their case in relation to the implied term relied on,
I am disregarding all arguments founded on the alleged duty of good faith.

68 The courts do not lightly imply a term into a written contract. They only
do so if, objectively, it is considered necessary for the “business efficacy”
of the contract and so obvious that there would be no doubt of the parties’
joint answer to the query of the “officious bystander” as to whether that term
was part of the contract. _Chitty on Contracts_ (29th Ed, 2004) states (at
13-004):

An implication of this nature may be made in two situations: first, where it
is necessary to give business efficacy to the contract, and, secondly, where
the term implied represents the obvious, but unexpressed, intention of the
parties. These two criteria often overlap and, in many cases, have been
applied cumulatively, although it is submitted that they are, in fact,
alternative grounds. Both, however, depend on the presumed intention of the
parties.

In _Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd v Hong Huat Development Co (Pte) Ltd_ [2001] 2 SLR
458, the Court of Appeal (_per_ Chao J at [18]) held that the relationship
between the two tests was “probably” correctly summarised in the above
passage. Andrew Phang has, however, to my mind, persuasively argued on the
basis of the historical development of the tests that they are not
alternatives but complementary in as much as the “officious bystander” test is
the practical mode by which the theoretical guideline encompassed within the
“business efficacy” test is fulfilled: see Phang, “Implied Terms, Business
Efficacy and the Officious Bystander – A Modern History” [1998] JBL 1. One
highly distinguished authority that gives rise to that view is the oft-quoted
statement of Scrutton LJ in _Reigate v Union Manufacturing Company
(Ramsbottom), Limited_ [1918] 1 KB 592 at 605 that:

[a] term can only be implied if it is necessary in the business sense to give
efficacy to the contract; that is, if it is such a term that it can
confidently be said that if at the time the contract was being negotiated some
one had said to the parties, “What will happen in such a case,” they would
have both replied, “Of course, so and so will happen; we did not trouble to
say that; it is too clear.”

It is also worth repeating the strictures of the Court of Appeal in the _Hiap
Hong_ case to the effect that the “business efficacy” test is a convenient
means of repairing an obvious oversight, but that the principle should not be
overstretched or used indiscriminately; and that the touchstone for the
implication of terms is necessity and not merely reasonableness, but that a
necessary term to be implied must always be equitable and reasonable. The
court further declared that a term would be implied if, from the language of
the contract and the surrounding circumstances, an inference should be made
that the parties must have intended the stipulation in question. Finally, the
term to be implied must be capable of clear expression and it must not
contradict any express term of the contract: see _Phillips Electronique Grand
Public SA v British Sky Broadcasting Limited_ [1995] EMLR [_Entertainment &
Media Law Reports_] 472.

69 The term the plaintiffs seek to imply is that the defendant would not
during the currency of the agreements compete either directly or indirectly
with the plaintiffs’ Teleshops and the other Teleshop franchisees. An
application of the principles set out above leads me to the conclusion that it
is not possible to read such a broadly-phrased term into the agreements in
view of the express terms of the agreements and the knowledge that both
parties had when they contracted with each other. I will elaborate.

70 The fundamental nature of the relationship between the defendant as
franchisor and the plaintiffs as franchisee is clearly stated in the recitals
to the agreements. The defendant had developed a successful business of shops
retailing telecommunication and other related products and services carried on
under the name of Teleshop and had achieved public awareness of, and extensive
goodwill in, this trade name. This was recital (A). It recognised that when
the Clementi agreement was entered into, the defendant had already established
a number of retail outlets known as Teleshops in which the defendant’s
products were sold in a consistent and systematic manner. Recital (B)
enunciated the plaintiffs’ recognition of the benefit of being identified with
and licensed by the defendant and therefore their decision to enter into the
agreement to obtain a non-exclusive right and franchise to operate Teleshop
outlets. Thus, the essential purpose of the agreements was to delineate the
terms on which the plaintiffs could operate businesses selling the defendant’s
products in the way developed by the defendant, so as to ensure that from the
point of view of the public the plaintiffs’ franchised Teleshops were
identical to and not distinguishable from the defendant’s own Teleshops. The
plaintiffs knew at that time that the intention was to grant other franchises
to other parties and that the defendant itself might continue to establish its
own Teleshops at various locations. The plaintiffs themselves were happy to
benefit from this intention by entering additional agreements to operate new
outlets even though theoretically those new outlets might compete with their
existing outlet at Clementi.

71 Other clauses are also important. Clause 2.2 of the Clementi agreement
stipulated that the defendant’s business system used in the operation of its
business was included in the licence and then went on to expressly provide
that “all other systems developed by, or to be developed by the Franchisor
and/or its affiliates are not included in this licence, but may be licensed by
the Franchisor, in its own discretion”. The agreements also contained non-
competition clauses which, significantly, only restricted the plaintiffs from
competing with the defendant. No express provision on non-competition by the
defendant was included. The duration of the agreements is also relevant. The
Clementi and Bedok/Holland Drive agreements each had a duration of ten years
and the Boon Lay agreement was to last five years. The plaintiffs had an
option to renew each agreement for a further five years upon its expiry. The
agreements also provided that the plaintiffs had to buy the products only from
the defendant, had to sell at prices set by the defendant and did not control
the marketing of the brand or the products. All advertisement and marketing
were to be done by the defendant. It is also important in this exercise that
the agreements required the plaintiffs to pay the defendant a franchise fee as
well as royalties on the products actually sold.

72 So the circumstances were that the plaintiffs were paying a fee to operate
a retail outlet indistinguishable from the defendant’s own retail outlets but
were also aware that similar retail outlets had been and would be set up
throughout Singapore operated by both the defendant and other franchisees. The
defendant also had the specific right to develop other marketing systems which
would not be part of the franchise. It cannot therefore have been obvious to
both parties when they negotiated this contract that there would be no
competition at all by the defendant with the plaintiffs’ outlets. The implied
term as formulated by the plaintiffs is far too wide. Whilst the meaning of
“compete either directly or indirectly” is not readily ascertainable, it is
obvious that at the least it bans all direct competition by way of other
outlets selling the same products in the same way. Such a ban would be
completely contrary to the parties’ intentions.

73 For the reasons given above, I cannot imply into the agreements an implied
term in the language formulated by the plaintiffs. However, it is clear to me
that to enable the plaintiffs to derive benefit from the franchise arrangement
over the lengthy period of time it was to subsist, some form of limitation on
competition by the defendant would be necessary. Bearing in mind, therefore,
that the licence given by the defendant was to operate a Teleshop at a
particular location, it would be necessary and obvious that the defendant
would not be entitled to compete with the plaintiffs by setting up another
Teleshop or other retail outlet providing the same products and services
within the vicinity of the plaintiffs’ Teleshops.

74 The evidence of Mr Lum Hon Fye, who was the chief executive officer of the
defendant for two years, was that the defendant would not have agreed to
include in the agreements a clause stating that it would not, during the
currency of the agreements, compete either directly or indirectly with the
plaintiffs’ Teleshops and other franchisees. Mr Lum testified that this clause
would have been contrary to the defendant’s roll-out plan for Teleshops and
other strategies for the retail of telecommunication equipment and services.
This evidence, which is completely credible, is another reason for not
implying the clause in the terms contended for by the plaintiffs.

75 There is, however, a basis for implying a more limited non-competition
clause. Whilst the defendant’s witnesses in their evidence did not address the
issue of a clause that prevented them from competing by setting up another
Teleshop in the vicinity of the plaintiffs’ outlets, its evidence was that
retail shops under the SingTel banner were sited at different locations around
Singapore because each retail outlet was designed to target customers in a
particular catchment area. The geographical separation of outlets was
important in the defendant’s overall retail strategy since cannibalisation of
another retail outlet would not make commercial sense. I think that if the
“officious bystander” had asked the defendant whether it was permitted to open
another outlet next door to, or in the catchment area of, the Clementi
Teleshop, both it and the plaintiffs would have said “Of course not”.
Accordingly, a term could be implied which provided that the defendant would
not compete with the plaintiffs by establishing a Teleshop within the vicinity
of the plaintiffs’ outlet. However, even if such a term were implied into the
agreements, there is no evidence that the defendant was in breach of the same.

76 The plaintiffs did not complain about the location of any of the
defendant’s own Teleshops. This part of the plaintiffs’ case was focused on
the existence of the “Hello!” and “POD” shops. These shops were, however,
nowhere near any of the plaintiffs’ outlets. The defendant’s evidence was that
it took care not to locate a “Hello!” shop close to a Teleshop and the
“Hello!” shops were competing with the shops of SingTel’s competitors located
in the Central Business District. Though the plaintiffs contended that the
catchment area for the “Hello!” shops would not simply be the immediate
vicinity of those shops given that Singapore is a small island and people
travel widely for work, and therefore the “Hello!” shops competed with their
outlets, accepting this argument would also mean denying the defendant’s right
to set up any other Teleshops in Singapore since those could also be accessed
by consumers from other places like Boon Lay, Clementi and Bedok. The
defendant’s right to set up other stores was contractually enshrined and
cannot be denied. I find that the establishment of the “Hello!” and “POD”
shops was not in breach of any implied clause preventing the defendant from
competing with the plaintiffs’ outlets within the vicinity of the same.

77 The plaintiffs’ other complaint under the rubric “breach of non-competition
term” was that their business had been made less profitable because the
defendant had conducted special promotions that were made available only to
the defendant’s own Teleshops and had thereby differentiated between them and
the plaintiffs’ outlets. That was an inappropriate rubric for such a
complaint. The agreements contemplated that the defendant would run its own
Teleshops and thus, to some extent, compete with the plaintiffs. What the
plaintiffs were really saying in making this complaint was that the agreements
contained an implied term to the effect that the defendant would make its
special promotions available to all Teleshops including franchised outlets.
Whilst the plaintiffs have not pleaded the implied term in this manner,
bearing in mind the express reference to such conduct in the Statements of
Claim and the further allegation that this conduct caused loss of sales to the
plaintiffs, I will consider whether such a term could be implied.

78 Was it essential for the business efficacy of the franchise that all
promotions mounted by the defendant were made available equally to the
franchisees and the defendant’s Teleshops? The franchisees were paying for
marketing and advertisement and had no control over what promotions were to be
mounted by the defendant. It is arguable that, if they had known that a
discriminatory policy might be adopted in relation to promotions, they would
have been less enthusiastic about entering into the franchise agreements.
However, whilst it might have been reasonable from the franchisees’ point of
view to include such a term in the franchise agreements, it was not essential
for their business efficacy as shown by the fact that for many years the
plaintiffs’ outlets were able to carry on business and have good turnovers
even though they did not participate in many promotions. Further, this was not
the type of term that I could conclude would have been obviously acceptable to
the defendant as well since its evidence established that there were many good
commercial reasons why promotions were not always made available to all
outlets.

79 First, the defendant carried out local store promotions to create publicity
for a particular Teleshop or a few Teleshops in a region whenever there was a
need for the same arising from causes like slow moving sales, the
establishment of a new shop and to counter competition from competitors’
outlets. An example of this was the special promotion that was conducted for
each of the plaintiffs’ outlets upon the opening of the same. The plaintiffs
did not complain that they benefited from promotions not extended to others.
Second, where the margins for the promotional products were very low (for
example where the intention was to clear obsolete products) and it was not
profitable for the franchisees to participate in the promotions, the
promotions were conducted in the defendant’s Teleshops. Third, the defendant
sometimes conducted promotions in conjunction with or to complement a
particular event like a road show and therefore only involved nearby Teleshops
in the promotion. Limited promotions were also conducted when there were
limited stocks or a new product was being tested in the market, or where the
promotion was being conducted in partnership with a third party. Bearing in
mind the various reasons for conducting limited promotions, I cannot conclude
that the defendant would have agreed to the inclusion of the implied term in
the agreements. It would have rejected such a term because it would have
wanted to preserve its marketing options.

80 I thus conclude that even in the reformulated version, the term on which
this part of the plaintiffs’ case depends cannot be implied into the
agreements. Whilst the defendant had valid commercial reasons for not
extending its promotions to all Teleshops all the time, this does not
necessarily mean that, in fact, all cases of limited promotions were made for
such valid reasons. I do not have to decide that latter issue, however, in
view of my finding in relation to the implied term.

**Conclusion**

81 For the reasons given above, both limbs of the plaintiffs’ claims fail.
Both actions are dismissed with costs to the defendant.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Nov 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

