Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Boon Yu Kai John  
[2004] SGHC 136

Case Number | : | MA 234/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 June 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Eddy Tham (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for appellant; Ong Ying Ping and Lim Seng Siew (Ong Tay and Partners) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Boon Yu Kai John   
  
Criminal Law – Elements of crime – Actus reus – Whether respondent transmitted
false message – Whether falsity of message established  
  
Criminal Law – Elements of crime – Mens rea – Whether respondent incapable of
knowing that message transmitted false due to unsoundness of mind  
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Knowingly transmitting false message –
Section 45(b) Telecommunications Act (Cap 323, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Accused of unsound mind – Acquittal by
reason of unsoundness of mind – Procedure to be followed – Sections 314, 315
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Evidence – Principles – Expert evidence – Whether trial judge entitled to
reject reasoning of expert witness on issue of mens rea  
  

23 June 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was an appeal from an order by Magistrate Wong Li Tein acquitting and
discharging the respondent of an offence under s 45(b) of the
Telecommunications Act (Cap 323, 2000 Rev Ed) (“the Act”) for transmitting a
message that he knew to be false. The Prosecution appealed against the grounds
upon which the court below based the acquittal. I allowed the appeal and now
set out my reasons.

**The facts**

**_The charge_**

2 The respondent claimed trial to the following charge in the court below:

_MAC 2323/2003_

You, JOHN BOON YU KAI, M/40 yrs, NRIC: S1534441E, are charged that you on the
25th day of March 2003, at or about 9.23 am, at Block 117 Commonwealth Drive
#01-717, Singapore, did transmit to one, Sergeant Shew Syn Hui of Combined
Operations Room, Police Headquarters, Singapore, by means of telephone message
to the effect that “Can you send your man to arrest the suspects driving dark
green Corolla SCE 9345? He want to murder this Mdm Tan think Blk 108 07-252
Commonwealth Crescent. Mdm Tan is wearing a yellow dress now. The suspect is
in the market now” which you know to be false, and you have thereby committed
an offence punishable under Section 45(b) of the Telecommunication Act,
Chapter 323.

**_The Prosecution’s case_**

3 It was the Prosecution’s case that the respondent had called the police and
given them the aforesaid message at about 9.23am on the day in question. In
response to his message, police officers were despatched to the vicinity of
the market at Block 117 Commonwealth Drive where they conducted a foot patrol
of the area from 9.40am to 9.50am. However, there was no sign of either the
respondent or the suspect complained of.

4 On the same morning, the respondent made three more calls to the police to
check if they had reached the market:

(a) At 9.38am, he telephoned the police and asked, “Earlier I called, is the
police coming?”

(b) At 9.58am, he called again and said, “Has your Police reached the market?
Catch the young chap. He wants to kill Mdm Tan.”

(c) At 10.30am, the respondent called the police one last time, stating that
“Mdm Tan wearing yellow dress. The man in a dark car SCE 9555 wants to kill
her. Why your men haven’t arrived yet? Just now I got call.”

The alleged murder target, Mdm Tan, was one Mdm Tan Sun Nio, the respondent’s
mother.

5 Dr Sim Kang, psychiatrist and Registrar of Woodbridge Hospital, was the
expert witness for the Prosecution who had examined the respondent after his
arrest. Dr Sim stated, in his report, the circumstances surrounding the
respondent’s telephone calls to the police as narrated by the respondent to
him. Apparently, one Mdm Wong, an ex-neighbour of the respondent and his
family, had been causing them various problems for more than ten years. Mdm
Wong and her gang had come to their residence on many occasions to scratch
their door and open the windows of their unit. Mdm Wong had also told him on
several occasions about her intention to kill his mother.

6 The respondent told Dr Sim that on the morning in question, he had gone to
the market with his mother when someone took her photograph. On his mother’s
instructions, he telephoned the police. He feared for her safety.

7 Dr Sim also interviewed the respondent’s parents and elder sister, and set
out the information obtained from them in his report. The respondent’s parents
claimed that Mdm Wong had put threatening letters and knives under their door,
that she had asked gangsters to burn their home and cut the electrical wiring
outside their flat, and that she had wanted to kill the respondent as well.
However, the respondent’s sister had never witnessed these events and she had
doubts about their veracity. In fact, she had brought the respondent to see a
private psychiatrist on her own accord in September 2002, much against the
wishes of their mother.

8 Taking into consideration his examination of the respondent on various
occasions, his interviews with the respondent’s family members, reviews of the
respondent’s old notes and the nurses’ report about the respondent’s behaviour
during remand, Dr Sim concluded that the respondent suffered from:

… mild mental retardation (IQ 58) and delusional disorder characterised by
firm, fixed delusions about being persecuted and harmed. He was of unsound
mind at the time of the alleged offence. Although he knew the nature of his
act, he did not believe that it was wrong or against the law to notify the
police as he firmly believe[d] that serious harm may befall his mother.

In Dr Sim’s opinion, the respondent’s parents, especially his mother, also
shared his delusions of persecution and harm by Mdm Wong and her gang. The
Defence did not dispute Dr Sim’s evidence.

9 The respondent also furnished to the police three threatening notes that
were allegedly left at his residence by unknown persons. In addition, the
police received two complaint letters against the Investigating Officer, one
signed by the respondent and the other by his mother. The notes and letters
were sent to the Health Sciences Authority (“HSA”) for handwriting analysis,
whereby the HSA analyst opined that the evidence was consistent with the
finding that the same person authored the notes and letters.

10 Though the Prosecution conceded that Mdm Wong did exist and that there had
been bad blood between the two families, it maintained that these incidents
had happened some 20 years ago. The Prosecution contended that it had proved
its case beyond a reasonable doubt. Alternatively, it argued that if the trial
judge should be minded to acquit the respondent due to his unsoundness of
mind, she should report the case for the order of the Minister and have the
respondent kept in safe custody pending the Minister’s order, pursuant to s
315 of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“the CPC”).

**_Close of the Prosecution’s case_**

11 At the end of the Prosecution’s case, the trial judge was mindful that the
evidence would only have to be approached with minimal evaluation at this
stage of the trial. She noted that the respondent had admitted that he made
the telephone calls to the police and called upon the respondent for his
defence. However, the respondent elected to remain silent. There were no other
witnesses for the Defence.

**_The defence_**

12 Counsel for the respondent rightly submitted that three elements had to be
proved in order to convict the respondent on the charge, namely that:

(a) the respondent did transmit or cause the message to be transmitted;

(b) the message was false; and

(c) the respondent knew that the message was false.

13 It was not disputed that the respondent made the telephone calls to the
police. However, counsel contended that the second and third elements of the
charge had not been proved beyond a reasonable doubt. First, he claimed that
the evidence before the court was insufficient to warrant the conclusion that
the message was false. Second, based on the evidence of Dr Sim, counsel
contended that the respondent genuinely believed in the truth of his message.

**The decision below**

14 The trial judge held that the Prosecution had not proved its case beyond a
reasonable doubt as the second and third elements of the charge had not been
established. On the second element, while the trial judge did not rule
explicitly as to whether the message was false, she seemed to be of the view
that it was more likely to be true than false.

15 She ruled that the following information, which Dr Sim had obtained from
the respondent and his parents about their grievances with Mdm Wong, was
hearsay:

(a) The respondent did not claim to have witnessed Mdm Wong and her gang
taking photographs of his mother but his mother had told him so;

(b) The respondent’s mother believed that Mdm Wong was out to kill her and
that Mdm Wong had been harassing their family for the last ten years; and

(c) The respondent’s father similarly believed that Mdm Wong had been
harassing their family for the past ten years.

Thus, the aforementioned information did not go towards proving the truth of
the events which had taken place.

16 However, the trial judge held that, since the respondent’s parents shared
his belief about Mdm Wong’s attempt to murder his mother on the morning in
question, it would be harder for the Prosecution to prove its case against the
respondent. She also noted that the police had not been able to prove,
conclusively, the existence of Mdm Wong and that the Prosecution had conceded
that there was bad blood between the respondent’s family and Mdm Wong some 20
years ago.

17 As for the third element, the trial judge disagreed with the Prosecution as
to the extent to which the respondent’s delusional disorder affected his
perception of the events on the morning in question. She found that the
respondent lacked the requisite _mens rea_ for the offence, not because of his
delusional disorder, but because he genuinely believed in the truth of the
information that he gave the police. Accordingly, she acquitted and discharged
the respondent.

**The appeal**

18 At the outset, I was mindful that, as an appellate judge, I should be slow
to disturb a lower court’s findings of fact unless they were clearly reached
against the weight of the evidence or they were plainly wrong: _Lim Ah Poh v
PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713; _PP v Chong Siew Chin_ [2002] 1 SLR 117. This was
especially so with findings of fact which hinged on the trial judge’s
assessment of the credibility and veracity of witnesses: _Yap Giau Beng
Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656; _PP v Hendricks Glen Conleth_ [2003] 1 SLR
426. In the present case however, there was no issue as to the credibility and
veracity of witnesses. The evidence before the court mainly comprised the
unchallenged evidence of Dr Sim with respect to the mental condition of the
respondent, as well as established facts derived from the statement of agreed
facts. In such a case, it is settled law that an appellate judge is as
competent as the trial judge to draw any necessary inferences from the
established facts and the circumstances of the case: _Soh Yang Tick v PP_
[1998] 2 SLR 42; _Awtar Singh s/o Margar Singh v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 439.

19 With these principles in mind, I examined the substantive issues on appeal.

20 The relevant provision of the Act in this appeal reads:

**45.** Any person who transmits or causes to be transmitted a message which
he knows to be false or fabricated shall be guilty of an offence and shall be
liable on conviction —

(a) in the case where the false or fabricated message contains any reference
to the presence in any place or location of a bomb or other thing liable to
explode or ignite, to a fine not exceeding $50,000 or to imprisonment for a
term not exceeding 7 years or to both; and

(b) in any other case, to a fine not exceeding $10,000 or to imprisonment for
a term not exceeding 3 years or to both.

As set out at [12] above, the three elements to be proved in order to convict
the respondent under s 45(b) of the Act are, namely, that he transmitted or
caused the message to be transmitted, that the message was false, and that he
knew that the message was false.

21 It was common ground that the first element of the offence had been
established. However, the appellant disputed the trial judge’s implicit
finding that the second element of the offence was not established. The
appellant contended that the _actus reus_ for the offence, _viz_ that the
respondent transmitted a false message, had been established.

22 Regarding the third element of the offence, the appellant agreed with the
trial judge that it had not been established as the respondent lacked the
requisite mental element for the offence. Thus, the appellant did not dispute
that the respondent should be acquitted. However, the appellant contended that
the absence of the requisite mental element was due to the respondent’s
unsoundness of mind and not, as the trial judge found, because he genuinely
believed in the truth of his message. The appellant contended that the
respondent’s act was an offence but for his unsoundness of mind. As such, the
trial judge should have stated specifically that the respondent had committed
the offence under s 45(b) of the Act, as required under s 314 of the CPC.
Section 314 of the CPC provides that:

Whenever any person is acquitted upon the ground that at the time at which he
is alleged to have committed an offence he was by reason of unsoundness of
mind incapable of knowing the nature of the act alleged as constituting the
offence or that it was wrong or contrary to law, the finding shall state
specifically whether he committed the act or not.

23 The appellant further contended that the trial judge had failed to report
the case for the order of the Minister and to have the respondent kept in safe
custody pending the Minister’s order, pursuant to s 315 of the CPC, which
provides that:

(1) Whenever the finding states that the accused person committed the act
alleged, the court before which the trial has been held shall, if that act
would but for incapacity found have constituted an offence, order that person
to be kept in safe custody in such place and manner as the court thinks fit
and shall report the case for the orders of the Minister.

(2) The Minister may order that person to be confined in a mental hospital,
prison or other suitable place of safe custody during the President’s
pleasure.

24 I shall now deal with each of these arguments in turn.

**_Whether the second element of the offence was established_**

25 Counsel for the respondent contended that, just because the respondent’s
mother had not been murdered, as the respondent had claimed she would be, it
did not follow that the message was untrue. He contended that further
investigations should have been conducted so as to prove conclusively whether
the message was true or false.

26 I was not persuaded by counsel’s contentions. In my view, it was plain from
the established facts of the case that the message was false. The offence in
this case revolved around the message given by the respondent to the police,
as reflected in the charge against the respondent. As far as could be seen
from the evidence before the court, the message was patently untrue. The
respondent’s message was very specific. It involved a green Corolla with a
certain licence plate number, a woman in a yellow dress and a murder suspect
who could apparently be found in the market situated at Commonwealth Drive.
Yet, it was indubitable that the policemen who were despatched to the scene on
the morning in question did not find the slightest hint of the case as
reported by the respondent. There was no sign of the car, the alleged murder
suspect and the alleged murder target. There were also no incidents in the
vicinity of the location provided by the respondent, which could be
conceivably linked to the alleged murder attempt. More significantly, the
respondent himself failed to come forward to the police and identify himself
as the complainant. Instead, he made three further calls to the police to
check if they had responded to his first telephone call.

27 In my opinion, the events of that morning in themselves evidenced that the
falsity of the respondent’s message had been _prima facie_ established. It
would then be in the respondent’s interest, as the maker of the message, to
cast light on the whole incident and give his version of events. The absence
of the alleged incidents at the location provided by the respondent certainly
called for some explanation which he was in the position to give, and it was
imperative that he did so. Yet, he chose to offer none. Neither did he call
upon any witnesses on his behalf.

28 Since the respondent had elected to remain silent, the court was entitled
to draw such inferences from his refusal to give evidence as appeared proper
under s 196(2) of the CPC: _Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 25 As
Lord Diplock said in _Haw Tua Tau v PP_ [1980-1981] SLR 73 at [21]:

What inferences are proper to be drawn from an accused’s refusal to give
evidence depend upon the circumstances of the particular case, and is a
question to be decided by applying ordinary commonsense …

In my considered opinion, the respondent’s decision to remain silent was
highly incriminating and greatly undermined the Defence’s case.

29 At this point, I should also make reference to the complaint letters and
threatening notes which were sent to the HSA for handwriting analysis. The HSA
analyst had opined that the threatening notes and complaint letters were, in
all likelihood, authored by the same person. To my mind, this further weakened
the respondent’s case as it affirmed the hollowness of his message to the
police, regardless of whether the various letters and notes had been penned by
the respondent himself or by a family member. Moreover, the fact that the
respondent suffered from delusional disorders about being persecuted was also
borne out by Dr Sim’s evidence, which was not disputed by the Defence.

30 Drawing the threads of the entire picture together, and as a matter of
common sense, the irresistible inference from the respondent’s refusal to give
evidence was that the message was false. In such circumstances, I was unable
to agree with the trial judge’s finding on the second element of the offence.
Accordingly, I found that the _actus reus_ for the offence had been
established.

**_Whether the trial judge’s reasoning in finding that the third element of
the offence was not established was flawed_**

_Whether the trial judge was entitled in law to reject Dr Sim’s reasoning that
the respondent did not have the requisite mens rea due to his mental disorder_

31 The trial judge accepted Dr Sim’s evidence that the respondent did not
possess the requisite _mens rea_ for the offence. However, she seemed to
disregard his reasoning in coming to his conclusion. While Dr Sim’s evidence
established that the respondent did not know his message was false only
because he was labouring under a mental disorder, the trial judge held that
the respondent’s mental disorder did not affect the way in which he perceived
the events of the morning, leading to his telephone calls to the police. She
found that the respondent lacked the requisite _mens rea_ because he honestly
believed in the truth of the message.

32 The appellant argued that the trial judge had contravened the principle
enunciated by the Court of Appeal in _Saeng-Un Udom v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 1 in so
rejecting Dr Sim’s reasoning. The appellant relied on that case for the
proposition that a judge is not entitled to reject unopposed and sound expert
evidence on a matter which is outside the learning of the court, and to
substitute it with his or her own opinion on the matter.

33 I disagreed with the appellant’s contentions. I was of the opinion that as
a matter of law, the trial judge was entitled to form her own conclusion as to
why the respondent lacked the requisite _mens rea_. As I previously held in
_Ng So Kuen Connie v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR 178, the issue of whether an accused had
the requisite _mens rea_ for an offence is not something which falls within
scientific information outside the experience and knowledge of a judge.
Instead, it is a finding of fact to be inferred from the available evidence
and surrounding circumstances. Implicit in this principle is that the judge’s
basis for finding the existence of the requisite _mens rea_ or lack thereof,
is _a fortiori_ a finding of fact to be inferred from the existing
circumstances as well.

34 In _Ng So Kuen Connie v PP_ , I had in fact distinguished _Saeng-Un Udom v
PP_ as a clear case where the pathological expert evidence was strictly
outside the learning of the court. In such a case, the judge should defer to
the opinion of the expert. The matrix of the present appeal is similar to _Ng
So Kuen Connie v PP_ as it also deals with a finding of whether an accused
possessed the requisite _mens rea_ for an offence, which in itself encompasses
the accompanying reasoning behind such a finding. Accordingly, _Saeng-Un Udom
v PP_ was not helpful to the case at hand.

35 It would be fitting to reiterate the Court of Appeal’s warning in _Chou
Kooi Pang v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 593 at [17] that:

A chief and justified concern of the courts is that the fact-finding process
should not be surrendered to professionals such as psychiatrists, but should
remain the province of the courts.

This is especially palpable in cases where there is conflicting medical
opinion but perhaps less so in cases like this, where there is a sole
psychiatrist giving unchallenged expert evidence. Nevertheless, it should be
borne in mind that Dr Sim’s role in this case was not to usurp the trial
judge’s fact-finding role but rather, to assist the court in its finding of
fact. As such, it could not be said that the trial judge erred in law when she
arrived at her finding by a different reasoning from Dr Sim’s.

_Whether the trial judge’s basis for finding that the respondent lacked the
requisite mens rea was supported by the available evidence and surrounding
circumstances_

36 Contrary to Dr Sim’s expert evidence, the trial judge found that the
respondent had honestly believed in the truth of the message and that it was
not sufficiently established that his belief stemmed from his unsoundness of
mind. While the trial judge was not bound by Dr  Sim’s reasoning in finding
that the respondent lacked the requisite _mens rea_ , I found that the
available evidence and circumstances of the case did not amply support the
reasons behind her finding. Instead, what could be evinced was that it was
clearly the respondent’s delusions that exonerated him from having the
requisite _mens rea_ , as his delusions prevented him from recognising the
falsity of his message.

37  Dr Sim’s unequivocal evidence in his report and in court was that the
respondent was mentally unsound at the time of the alleged offence. More
importantly, he asseverated that it was this unsoundness of mind that led the
respondent to believe that it was not wrong or contrary to the law to give his
message to the police. In court, Dr Sim testified as follows:

Q: What was accused’s diagnosis?

A: He was suffering from mild mental retarded and delusional disorder (D/D) …
D/D is a major psychiatric illness and a form of psychotic disorder that is
characterised by fixed, firm delusions about things which happen around them.
This unsoundness of mind was based on fact that _patient suffer_ [_sic_] _from
psychiatric illness and that led to him not thinking that it was wrong or
contrary to the law to do what he did_.

…

Q: … accused did not know that 999 calls he made to police were false?

A: Yes … was in the context of D/D that the event happened.

[emphasis added]

38 These parts of Dr Sim’s evidence made it difficult for me to agree with the
trial judge that the respondent’s delusional disorder scarcely affected his
belief in the truth of his message. Furthermore, the trial judge had omitted
to give any weight to these critical parts of Dr Sim’s evidence in her grounds
of decision. To my mind, since the trial judge had purported to rely on Dr
Sim’s evidence, albeit with a focus only on certain parts, it was evident that
she found him to be a sound and reliable witness. I surmise that if she had
given due weight to the part of Dr Sim’s evidence that established the link
between the respondent’s psychiatric disorder and his belief, she would have
deferred to the expert opinion.

39 In light of Dr Sim’s unchallenged evidence, I perused the other evidence on
record to ascertain if there was anything to render his evidence untenable.
However, upon taking into account the entirety of the case and the evidence
before me, I could find no other evidence to displace Dr Sim’s evidence. In
fact, I found that the evidence lent undeniable support to Dr Sim’s finding
that the respondent’s belief in the truth of his message and his inability to
see that he was acting contrary to the law, stemmed from his delusional
disorder.

40 Another point brought to my attention was that the trial judge had been too
hasty in assuming that hearsay information from the respondent’s parents,
mentioned above at [15], could hypothetically support her finding that the
respondent did not have the requisite _mens rea_. The trial judge had stated
in her grounds of decision at [31] and [32] that:

I must make it clear that I regard this information as hearsay, given that
neither the accused nor his parents did take the stand … As such, it did not
affect my determination regarding the _mens rea_ of the accused at the time of
the commission of the alleged offence.

Nonetheless, even if I did not regard this information as hearsay, the
conclusion that can be drawn from Dr Sim’s report is this: that the impression
that the accused has regarding the said Mdm Wong’s attempts to murder his
mother, is not unique to him. It is shared by his mother and father who live
with him. … The scale between truth and delusion would be tipped against the
Prosecution if the accused’s belief that the said Mdm Wong is out to harm his
mother … is shared by the other members of his household as well …

41 However, it should not be the case that just because the respondent’s
parents shared his belief that Mdm Wong was out to harm his mother, the
accuracy and truth of that belief would automatically be bolstered. After all,
the trial judge was not, at any point, equipped with the opportunity to assess
the veracity and credibility of the respondent’s parents. Furthermore, Dr Sim
had noted in his report that the respondent’s parents shared his delusions of
being harmed and persecuted by Mdm Wong. Thus, I concluded that the
information could not lend credence to the trial judge’s finding that the
respondent believed in the truth of his message in spite of his delusions.

42 It was clear that the respondent’s belief that it was not wrong or unlawful
to make the telephone calls to the police was inextricably linked to his
unsoundness of mind. He knew the nature of his act and it was his unsoundness
of mind that eradicated the presence of the requisite _mens rea_ on his part.
As such, I agreed with the appellant that the respondent should be acquitted
on the ground of his mental disorder as he did transmit a false message to the
police, which would have constituted an offence but for the fact that he was
found to be by reason of unsoundness of mind, incapable of knowing that his
act was wrong or contrary to law.

**_The implications of acquitting the respondent on the ground of mental
disorder_**

43 The appellant argued that upon the court finding that an accused committed
the _actus reus_ of an offence but acquitting him by reason of his unsoundness
of mind, ss 314 and 315 of the CPC would come into play.

44 As this was the first case of its kind before me, I found it helpful to
look to a number of Indian decisions where ss 314 and 315 have been dealt with
at length. Section 314 of the CPC is in _pari materia_ with s 334 of the
Indian Code of Criminal Procedure 1973 (“the Indian Code”). Section 315 of the
CPC is substantially the same as s 335 of the Indian Code, save that s 335
extends a wider discretion to the Indian courts to order delivery of the
acquitted person to his relative or friend.

45 The position under ss 314 and 315 is very clear. Under the Indian
equivalent of s 314, it is uncontroversial that the court must give a specific
finding as to whether the accused committed the act charged against him, as
has been affirmed in _Daljit Kaur v State_ (1968) Cri L J 1090. As for s 315
of the CPC, a plain reading of the provision evinces that when an accused
person is found to have committed the act as charged but is acquitted
according to s 314 of the CPC, the procedure prescribed under s 315 is
mandatory. There is nothing complex about this procedure and it is clear that
it must be followed upon acquittal: _Kuttappan v State of Kerala_ (1986) Cri L
J 271; _Elkari Shankari v State of Andhra Pradesh_ (1990) Cri L J 97.

46 In this case, since s 314 had been satisfied, the steps to be taken under s
315 would follow. I noted that under s 315, it is the court before which the
trial has been held that shall order the acquitted person to be kept in safe
custody in such place and manner as the court thinks fit and shall report the
case for the orders of the Minister. I therefore remitted the case to the
trial judge for her to take the necessary steps pursuant to s 315 of the CPC.

_Appeal allowed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Jun 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

