Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chia Sok Kheng Kathleen v The Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No
669  
[2004] SGHC 148

Case Number | : | Suit 206/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 July 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  John Chung and Tan Yeow Hiang (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for plaintiff; Tan Chee Meng, Doris Chia and Melanie Ho (Harry Elias Partnership) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Chia Sok Kheng Kathleen — The Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 669   
  
Land – Strata titles – Management corporation – Whether approval of management
corporation required for subsidiary proprietor's proposals – Whether
management corporation failed to discharge duties under by-laws – Sections
41(4), 41(7)(a), First Schedule Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1988 Rev
Ed)  
  
Limitation of Actions – Particular causes of action – Contract – Whether
management corporation's alleged failure to discharge duties under by-laws
were breaches of contract under Land Titles (Strata) Act – Whether plaintiff's
claims time barred – Section 6(1) Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

15 July 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The plaintiff is the subsidiary proprietor of five units on the third floor
(collectively “the Unit”) of City Plaza Shopping Centre (“City Plaza” or “the
building”).

2 The defendant is the management corporation of City Plaza incorporated under
the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1988 Rev Ed) (“LT(S)A”) .

3 The plaintiff is suing the defendant over three occasions she alleged that
the defendant caused her to lose tenants for the Unit.

**The first aborted tenancy**

4 The first prospective tenant intended to operate a food court in the Unit
for three years. However the prospective tenant wanted to have a segment of a
non-structural wall of the Unit which ran alongside a common passageway
demolished and replaced with a roller shutter to improve the Unit’s
accessibility and visibility. I shall refer to this wall as a common boundary
wall.

5 The plaintiff made the necessary applications to the government and
statutory authorities for approval to carry out the proposed works. The
Building Control Division and Ministry of Environment confirmed that their
approvals were not necessary. The Fire Safety Bureau did not have any
objection, but it required the plaintiff to submit a letter of approval from
the defendant for the works to be carried out.

6 The plaintiff applied to the defendant for the approval on 15 February 1997.
She also attended at a council meeting of the defendant on 27 February to
present her case in person, but her application was turned down on 28
February. It was not an outright rejection; the defendant informed her that
she could alter the wall to a low wall and a glass panel, or to open a double-
leaf glass door instead.

7 The plaintiff requested an explanation for the decision, and was informed on
4 March that the wall in question was a boundary wall which she could not
demolish without the defendant’s authorisation. When she pressed further, the
defendant replied that it was not obliged to give reasons for the rejection.

8 The prospective tenant did not accept either of the defendant’s suggestions,
and did not take up the tenancy.

**The second aborted tenancy**

9 While the application to demolish the wall was ongoing, there was another
party interested in the Unit. The plaintiff claimed that Pizza Hut was
prepared to enter into a tenancy for three years, subject to the electricity
supply being upgraded from 150 amperes to 250 amperes.

10 Under the defendant’s by-laws, the defendant’s approval was required before
the electrical supply could be upgraded. The plaintiff wrote to the defendant
on 26 February for approval, and attended at the council meeting of 27
February to present her case.

11 By the same letter of 28 February which turned down the application to
demolish the wall, the defendant rejected the plaintiff’s application to
upgrade the electrical supply on the ground that the building’s main
electrical switchboard had reached its rated capacity.

12 The plaintiff alleged that because the electrical supply upgrade was not
approved, Pizza Hut did not take up the tenancy.

**The third aborted tenancy**

13 On 28 July 1999, the plaintiff applied to the defendant for its approval to
convert the Unit to a family amusement centre and billiard saloon as a party
known as Mechmaster Billiard Centre was interested in operating a billiard
saloon at the Unit.

14 The defendant rejected the application on 24 September and explained on 4
October that the application was turned down because the proposed business
might affect the safety and quiet enjoyment of the residents and occupiers of
the building.

15 The plaintiff took another tack. On 19 November, she applied to the
Licensing Division of the Singapore Police Force for a licence to operate a
billiard saloon in the Unit. The Licensing Division replied on 24 December
that it had no objection subject to _, inter alia_ , the plaintiff obtaining a
letter from the defendant. The wording of the reply caused some confusion as
to whether the Division wanted the defendant to confirm the floor area of the
Unit, or confirm their consent to the application, but it was eventually
clarified that the latter was required.

16 On 4 January 2000, the plaintiff applied to the Development Control
Division (“DCD”) for permission to use the Unit as a billiard saloon and
amusement centre. On 13 January, the DCD granted its provisional permission,
subject to the plaintiff getting clearance from the Public Entertainment
Licensing Unit of the Licensing Division, Singapore Police Force.

17 This brought matters back to where they were in December 1999, when the
Police Licensing Division asked for a letter of consent from the defendant.
The plaintiff went back to the defendant. The defendant was initially under
the impression that its consent was not required. After it was clarified that
its consent was required and after a further attendance by the plaintiff at a
council meeting, the defendant informed the plaintiff on 1 July that it would
grant its consent on the following conditions:

(a) the plaintiff provided a security deposit of $30,000 to the defendant;

(b) the plaintiff provided at least one full-time security guard during the
operating hours of the billiard saloon;

(c) the operation hours of the billiard saloon were to adhere to the operation
hours of the complex;

(d) there was adequate insurance coverage against all losses and claims to the
complex and the defendant; and

(e) that the defendant was indemnified against all liabilities and charges by
the authorities.

18 When these conditions were made known to Mechmaster Billiard Centre, it did
not proceed with the tenancy.

**This action**

19 The plaintiff filed her writ against the defendant on 4 April 2003.

20 In respect of the first aborted tenancy, the plaintiff’s case was that:

(a) there was no requirement to obtain the defendant’s approval to demolish
the wall and install the roller shutter;

(b) the defendant had no basis to withhold its approval; and

(c) the defendant’s decision to withhold approval was in contravention of s
41(7)(a) of the LT(S)A.

21 In respect of the second aborted tenancy, the plaintiff’s case was that:

(a) the plaintiff’s main switchboards had not reached their rated capacities
and had excess capacity to supply another 100 amperes to the Unit; and

(b) the defendant had unreasonably withheld their consent in breach of its
“duty of care/contract”.

22 The plaintiff’s case in respect of the third aborted tenancy was that:

(a) the defendant’s withholding of its consent was in breach of its “duty of
care/contract”; and

(b) the defendant did not have the power to impose the conditions for granting
its consent, and had contravened s 41(7)(a) of the LT(S)A when it imposed the
conditions.

23 The plaintiff claimed for the lost rental from the three aborted tenancies
and damages for the mental distress, pain and anguish that she suffered from
the defendant’s refusals of her applications.

**The function of a management corporation**

24 Management corporations are bodies constituted by the LT(S)A. Under s 48, a
management corporation has the control of the common property of a subdivided
building such as City Plaza. By s 48(1)(a), a management corporation is to
“control, manage and administer the common property for the benefit of all the
subsidiary proprietors.”

25 Under s 41(1), the control of the common property is regulated by by-laws.
Some by-laws are prescribed by the Act, but a management corporation can adopt
further by-laws in addition to the prescribed ones.

26 Section 41(4) provides that “the by-laws for the time being in force bind
the management corporation and the subsidiary proprietors … as if the by-laws
had been contained in properly executed agreements” between, _inter alia,_ the
management corporation and each subsidiary proprietor to observe and comply
with all the by-laws.

**Facts and findings**

27 There can be no doubt that no part of the common property can be altered by
a subsidiary proprietor without the approval of the management corporation. If
the common boundary wall the plaintiff intended to demolish and replace with a
roller shutter was common property, she could not do that without the
defendant’s approval.

28 On the other hand, if that wall was not common property, and was exclusive
property of the plaintiff, then the plaintiff did not need the approval of the
defendant unless there were specific by-laws that required the management
corporation’s approval to be obtained (there was no such requirement in the
defendant’s by-laws). Of course any work would have to be carried out in
compliance with by-laws that related to the hours that such work might be
carried out, the use of common property, the removal of debris, _etc_.

29 Was the common boundary wall common property? The defendant called two
witnesses to support its position that the wall was common property. Khoo
Chong Teik, a land surveyor, was engaged to do a boundary survey of the wall.
For this task, he obtained a copy of the Unit’s strata boundary plans from the
Singapore Land Authority Survey Department (“the SLA survey plan”), and he
also took field survey measurements and drew his own survey plan. He found
that the column at one end of the wall shown in the SLA survey plan was the
same column found in his survey, and that the strata boundary of the Unit ran
along the centre of the wall in question, assuming that the boundary line ran
through the middle of the wall.

30 The other witness, Chin Cheong, a building surveyor, elaborated on the
basis of the assumption the land surveyor made. He referred to s 10(8) of the
LT(S)A which states that:

[u]nless otherwise stipulated in the strata title plan, the common boundary on
any lot with another lot or with the common property shall be the centre on
the floor, wall or ceiling as the case may be.

He concluded that “[t]he brick wall which separates the subject property and
the common corridor is a party wall. The external half of the wall is common
property.”

31 Section 3 of the Act provides that “common property” includes walls “unless
otherwise described specifically as comprised in any lot on a strata title
plan and shown to be capable of being comprised in such lot”.

32 Read literally, the whole wall is common property. However, a literal
construction may not be appropriate when applied to a common boundary wall as
ss 48(1)(a) and (b) provide that a management corporation is to control,
manage and administer the common property for the benefit of all the
subsidiary proprietors, and properly maintain the common property and keep it
in a state of good and serviceable repair. It cannot have been intended that
management corporations be responsible for the control and management of the
sides of common boundary walls inside subsidiary units to the exclusion of the
subsidiary proprietors.

33 Whether a common boundary wall is wholly or partly common property, the
plaintiff’s proposal to demolish part of the wall and install a roller shutter
affected common property and the approval of the management corporation was
required under by-law 11 of the First Schedule of the LT(S)A which provides
that:

[a] subsidiary proprietor or occupier of a lot shall not mark, paint, drive
nails or screws or the like into, or otherwise damage or deface, any structure
that forms part of the common property without the approval in writing of the
management corporation ….

34 When a management corporation receives an application affecting the common
property, it should exercise its discretion for the benefit of all the
subsidiary proprietors. That means that the interests of the applicant
subsidiary proprietor as well as the interests of the other subsidiary
proprietors are to be taken into account. The discretion should be exercised
responsibly. Applications should be dealt with consistently without
favouritism or bias, but flexibility should be retained to take into account
changing circumstances. Policies adopted should not be regarded as edicts set
in stone.

35 Did the defendant act properly in rejecting the plaintiff’s application?
The defendant when pressed, informed the plaintiff that it was not obliged to
give reasons for rejecting her application. However, in the course of this
action, the defendant revealed that two of the reasons were:

(a) a precedent would be created whereby other subsidiary proprietors of
corner units would also want their walls torn down; and

(b) the defendant would face unending difficulties in controlling, managing
and administering this narrow common passageway as cargo and rubbish carts
needed to use the cargo lift.

36 The defendant did not reject the application out of hand. It allowed the
plaintiff to present her case in person, and the minutes of the meeting
recorded that after she had done so and left, the meeting deliberated at
length before coming to its decision to reject the application and to offer
her the two alternatives.

37 I do not think that the plaintiff can complain that the defendant had not
acted responsibly in deciding on her application. There was no suggestion that
the decision was tainted by prejudice, malice or indifference.

38 Having said that, the defendant would have done better if it had informed
the plaintiff of the reasons for its decisions. I appreciate that the
defendant might have wanted to encourage council members to speak freely in
confidence, but subsidiary proprietors should be informed of the reasons for
decisions (as distinguished from the deliberations leading to them), so that
subsidiary proprietors can decide whether to raise further grounds in support
of applications or to modify the applications. In this instance, for example,
if the plaintiff had been told the reasons, she might have pointed out that,
for reason (a), it was not undesirable to create a precedent as there are good
precedents and bad precedents and only the latter should be discouraged. The
plaintiff could have addressed reason (b) by undertaking that the proposed
opening was to be used solely for human access, and that goods and refuse
would continue to be moved along the existing approved routes.

39 Nonetheless, looking at the totality of the evidence, I find that the
defendant acted honestly and responsibly in dealing with the application.

40 To whom was the duty owed? Section 41(4) of the Act stipulates that the by-
laws shall bind the management corporation and the subsidiary proprietors as
if the by-laws had been contained in properly executed agreements between the
management corporation and each subsidiary proprietor to observe and comply
with the by-laws.

41 By this provision, the management corporation and a subsidiary proprietor
stand in the position of parties with contractual rights and obligations
between them. If one party to the contract breaches its duties under the by-
laws and causes loss to another, the innocent party is entitled to seek
redress from the defaulter. The other features of a contractual relationship
will follow, and I shall deal with the time bar issue later.

42 I do not understand the plaintiff’s reliance on s 41(7)(a) as a ground of
complaint against the defendant. This provision states that no by-law shall be
capable of operating “to prohibit or restrict the devolution of a lot or a
transfer, lease or mortgage or other dealings of a lot.”

43 The prohibition relates to acts that involve a transfer of the title or
rights of a subsidiary proprietor to another party. The words “or other
dealings” must be read _ejusdem generis_ to apply to transmissions of
interests.

44 When the defendant rejected the application to demolish the wall and
install a roller shutter, that was not directed at the transmission of any
interest but to the proposed renovation works. The application was rejected
whether the plaintiff intended to tenant out the Unit or use it herself.

45 The proposal to upgrade the electrical supply also related to common
property as the supply came through the building’s switchboards which were
common property. Thus, the defendant’s approval was required under the by-
laws.

46 The plaintiff applied to the defendant for approval on 26 February 1997,
and attended at the council meeting of 27 February. She received its reply on
28 February that the approval was withheld because the building’s main
electrical switchboard had reached its rated capacity, but the management
corporation would be studying the possibility of upgrading the existing
switchboard and would keep her informed of further developments. This was
clearly a better way of dealing with a failed application, compared to not
giving reasons for the rejection.

47 The plaintiff requested the defendant to refer the matter to its electrical
consultant. The defendant wrote to its electrical consultant, Development
Resources Pte Ltd (“DRPL”) on 1 March for its opinion and received DRPL’s
opinion dated 11 March confirming that the upgrade could not be catered for
from the existing main switchboards as the loadings from the main switchboards
were close to their rated capacities. The defendant sent the consultant’s
opinion to the plaintiff on 12 March. The defendant also explained to the
plaintiff that provisions had been made to tap a 400-ampere supply for the
proposed conversion works to convert the fifth storey carpark to office space.

48 The plaintiff was still not satisfied with that explanation. She complained
in her affidavit of evidence-in-chief:

From what I know, the Defendants had thereafter allowed the following units in
City Plaza to increase the electricity supply to their units, viz: (i) unit
#01-48 sometime in October 1997 (ii) unit #01-60 and unit #01-61 sometime in
June 1998, #02-99 to #02-101 sometime in September 2000 and (iii) #01-56
sometime in September 2001. I do not understand why the Defendants were able
to allow those units to upgrade the electricity supply to their respective
units but could not accede to my request.

She accused the defendant of acting arbitrarily when it rejected her
application.

49 The defendant’s response to those allegations was that the upgrade for unit
#01-48 in 1998 had been 30 amperes, unlike the plaintiff’s request for 100
amperes, and that the defendant had been prepared to upgrade the supply to
units #01-60/61 to a three-phase electricity supply in 1998 if the applicant
had borne part of the costs for upgrading the main electricity but the
applicant did not proceed further. The circumstances of those cases were
clearly distinguishable from the plaintiff’s case.

50 With regard to the upgraded supplies to units #02-99/101 and #01-56, they
were approved in July 2000 and September 2001 after a new electrical
consultant, Lim Engineering Associates Pte Ltd (“LEA”), was appointed. In
early 2000 the defendant sought LEA’s advice on a spate of electrical
trippings. The defendant instructed LEA to conduct a survey of the electrical
system, and make recommendations whether upgrades to the switchboards were
necessary. In April 2000 LEA reported that the existing transformer capacities
were adequate to meet the building’s requirements, that no upgrading of the
transformer was necessary in the near future, and that there was spare
capacity to meet normal tenant electrical demands. Applications for the
upgrading were then approved on the strength of the report. Similarly, it
cannot be said that the defendant acted wrongly or irresponsibly when it
relied on the advice of DRPL, the electrical consultant at the relevant time,
in rejecting the plaintiff’s application in 1997.

51 The plaintiff’s application for a licence to operate a billiard saloon and
family amusement centre in the Unit raised different issues. The change of use
did not relate to the common property of the building and did not come within
the by-laws, so s 41(4) does not apply. There is nothing in the LT(S)A or the
by-laws which requires a subsidiary proprietor to obtain the management
corporation’s approval or consent for a change of use.

52 However, although a change of use does not affect the common property, it
is a matter of common concern to all the subsidiary proprietors and the
management corporation, as the activities in the building may affect its
security, character and standing. It is reasonable for the Licensing Division
to involve management corporations when applications for change of use are
received by the Division.

53 When a management corporation decides whether to grant or withhold its
consent, it is not being a busybody. Although it is not within its duties
under s 48 to grant or withhold its consent, when its input is sought it
should respond.

54 However there is no statutory or contractual duty for a management
corporation to respond to such an application. Therefore, a management
corporation cannot be in breach of duty of care or breach of contract if it
declines to consent to a change of use.

55 If a subsidiary proprietor feels that the management corporation has not
acted properly in withholding its consent, in that it was actuated by
extraneous considerations or that it did not give sufficient attention to the
application, the subsidiary proprietor can persuade the Licensing Division to
dispense with the consent of the management corporation. Failing that, if the
subsidiary proprietor has the support of other subsidiary proprietors, the
council members can be replaced by not returning them to office when their
terms run out, and more sympathetic members can be elected in their place.

56 In this case, the defendant decided at a council meeting on 27 August not
to consent to the change of use because there was an existing amusement centre
in the building and it was felt that another amusement centre was not
desirable.

57 When the plaintiff persisted with her request, the defendant considered the
matter further in its council meeting of 23 September, and confirmed its
decision to withhold its consent because it felt that a billiard saloon would
attract unruly people. It explained to the Licensing Division that the
building had been hit by a wave of vandalism and theft, and the existing force
of two security guards could not cope with a new amusement centre and billiard
centre operating there.

58 Nevertheless, when the plaintiff threatened to institute legal proceedings
against it, the defendant considered the matter further in two council
meetings on 17 May and 29 May 2000 before it decided to give its consent with
the conditions.

59 There is no merit in the complaint against the defendant in these
circumstances. Although it owed the plaintiff no duty, it had given serious
and careful consideration to her request and had been prepared to give its
consent if the security concerns had been addressed.

60 In the circumstances, I find that the plaintiff has failed to prove her
case in respect of all three aborted tenancies.

61 There is also the time bar issue. The application to demolish the wall and
install a roller shutter relates to by-law 11 referred to in [33]. The
application to upgrade the electrical supply was made under by-law 5 of the
defendant read with r 6 of Annexure A thereto under which proposals for the
alteration of electrical supply had to be approved by the defendant.

62 Both proposals related to the defendant’s by-laws, which by s 41(4) of the
LT(S)A bound the plaintiff and the defendant as if they were contained in
agreements between them.

63 If the defendant failed to discharge its duties under the by-laws, the
failures were, by s 41(4), breaches of contract. Section 6(1) of the
Limitation Act (Cap 163, 1996 Rev Ed) stipulates that actions founded on
contracts must be instituted within six years from the date of the accrual of
the cause of action.

64 The application to demolish the wall and install the roller shutter was
rejected on 28 February 1997. If, as the plaintiff asserted, the defendant was
wrong in rejecting the application, the cause of action accrued on that day.
Likewise, the plaintiff’s application for the upgrade of electrical supply
was, as pleaded in para 4 of the amended statement of claim, rejected by the
same letter of 28 February 1997. By the plaintiff’s own case, the first and
second claims were time-barred when the action was filed on 4 March 2003.

**Conclusion**

65 I therefore dismiss the plaintiff’s claims for all the reasons I have
given. I should add that even if I had found for the plaintiff, I would not
have allowed the claim for damages for mental distress, pain and anguish, as
the plaintiff had not explained or justified this exceptional claim.

66 The defendant made a counterclaim against the plaintiff for demolishing the
wall and installing the roller shutter according to her plan without its
approval. The plaintiff did not dispute that she had caused the renovation to
be done. Her defence was that she was entitled to do that. In view of the
findings I have made, the defence must fail. I allow the counterclaim and
order the plaintiff to reinstate the wall to its original state within one
month, unless other arrangements are made between the parties.

_Claim dismissed. Counterclaim allowed._

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jul 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

