Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Subbiah Pillai  
[2004] SGHC 75

Case Number | : | OS 27/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 April 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  R Chandra Mohan and Christina Goh (Rajah and Tann) for applicant; Sarjit Singh Gill SC and Chua Sui Tong (Shook Lin and Bok) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Subbiah Pillai   
  
Legal Profession – Conflict of interest – Solicitor acting for both parties in
conveyancing transaction – Solicitor's sister party to transaction – Whether
complainants' knowledge satisfied rule of informed consent – Whether
involvement of sister's interests in transaction worsened conflict of
interests situation – Rules 25, 26, 27, 28 Legal Profession (Professional
Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  
Legal Profession – Conflict of interest – Solicitor acting for both parties in
conveyancing transaction – Whether absence of elements of self-dealing and
undue influence in transaction a mitigating factor – Whether early plea of
guilt a mitigating factor  
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Conduct unbefitting an advocate and
solicitor – Appropriate penalty – Sections 83(1), 83(2)(h) Legal Profession
Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

15 April 2004

Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (the “Law Society”)
under s 98(5) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“LPA”) to
make absolute an order to show cause. We granted the application and ordered
the respondent, Subbiah Pillai, to be suspended for a period of three years.
We now give our reasons.

**The facts**

2 The proceedings before us stemmed from a series of three sale and purchase
transactions involving Nos 19 and 21 Upper Dickson Road (“the property”). We
should clarify at the outset that although the Law Society originally brought
nine charges against the respondent, it eventually proceeded with only two of
these charges – the amended alternative first and fourth charges. The
respondent admitted culpability to these two charges based on an agreed
statement of facts (“the Agreed Statement”). Hence, we only considered the
amended alternative first and fourth charges in the proceedings before us.
Further, as a significant portion of the facts surrounding the three sale and
purchase transactions was hotly disputed by the complainants and respondent,
we only had regard to the circumstances giving rise to the amended alternative
first and fourth charges as well as to the facts in the Agreed Statement in
reaching our decision.

3 We now set out the facts relevant to our decision.

**_Circumstances leading up to the first charge_**

4 The respondent was an advocate and solicitor of 18 years’ standing. He was a
partner of the firm M/s Yong Koh & Pillai between 1987 and December 1995,
before setting up as partner in the firm of M/s Pillai and Pillai. The
complainants were a couple, Saminathan Shanmuganathan (“the first
complainant”) and his common law wife. Samynathan Chainthiran (“Chainthiran”)
is the brother of the first complainant.

5 The complainants purchased the property around 5 May 1994, intending to use
it for their restaurant business. The respondent’s firm at the time, M/s Yong
Koh & Pillai, acted for the complainants. To finance the purchase, the
complainants mortgaged the property to obtain a housing loan for the sum of
$2,100,000 from the Industrial and Commercial Bank (“ICB”). They also took out
a further loan from ICB to finance the renovation of the property.

6 As it turned out, the complainants were unable to commence their restaurant
business because they failed to obtain the Temporary Occupation Permit and
Certificate of Statutory Completion from the relevant authorities.
Consequently, they fell behind on their loan repayments to ICB, which
commenced two separate suits against them in July 1995 for repayment of the
outstanding loans.

**_The first charge_**

7 In or around July 1995, the respondent’s sister, Vasanthi Pillai
(“Vasanthi”), agreed to purchase the property from the complainants at a price
of $4,500,000. The respondent acted for both the complainants and Vasanthi in
the transaction. A sale and purchase agreement (“the Second Agreement”)
incorporating the Singapore Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1994 was drawn up
by the staff of M/s Yong Koh & Pillai on the basis of information supplied by
the respondent, who was still a partner of the firm at that time. Vasanthi
applied for and obtained a loan of $3,600,000 from Overseas Union Trust
(“OUT”) to finance her purchase of the property. The respondent acted as
guarantor for the loan.

8 In the course of this transaction, the respondent never advised the
complainants that there was a conflict of interest in his acting for them as
well as for his sister Vasanthi in the matter. He failed to advise the
complainants to seek independent legal advice or to ensure that they had
reasonable opportunity to do so. He admitted that this was misconduct within s
83(2)(h) of the LPA and pleaded guilty to the amended alternative first charge
framed against him by the Law Society, which read:

That you, Subbiah Pillai, are guilty of misconduct within the meaning of
Section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161) IN THAT you, between 19
July 1995 to 1 September 1995 (both dates inclusive) whilst acting as
solicitor for your sister, Vasanthi Pillai, in the purchase of the property
known as 19 and 21 Upper Dickson Road Singapore, acted as solicitor for the
vendors of the said property, Saminathan Shanmuganathan and Madam S Sudhendra
in the same transaction, and thus allowed a conflict of interest to arise,
without first advising the vendors of the same and/or advising that they
should seek independent legal advice, and/or ensuring that they had a
reasonable opportunity to do so.

**_The fourth charge_**

9 On or about 1 July 1996, the complainants entered into another agreement to
re-purchase the property from Vasanthi for $4,500,000. Again, the respondent
acted for both the complainants and Vasanthi to prepare a sale and purchase
agreement dated 1 July 1996. The agreement was not completed and the property
was not re-purchased by the complainants.

10 Later in July, the first complainant informed the respondent that he had
persuaded his brother, Chainthiran, to purchase the property on behalf of both
complainants. Vasanthi and Chainthiran subsequently executed four sale and
purchase agreements on four different dates in August 1996 and September 1996.
All four agreements were for the sum of $4,850,000, were stated to be subject
to the Law Society’s Conditions of Sale 1994 and save for the different dates,
contained identical terms and conditions. They were all prepared by the
respondent who acted for both Vasanthi and Chainthiran. We will refer to these
four agreements collectively as “the Third Agreement”.

11 Although there were certain conditions in the Third Agreement which were
not favourable to the purchaser (Chainthiran), the respondent failed to give
him the necessary advice. For example, although Condition 4 of the Third
Agreement provided that the property was to be sold with vacant possession,
there was actually an existing tenancy agreement in force between Vasanthi and
one “Pradeep Kummar” in respect of the property. Chainthiran was not appraised
of this agreement, nor told that he would not be obtaining vacant possession
of the property. Pradeep Kummar subsequently commenced proceedings against
Vasanthi and Chainthiran in District Court Suit No 3675 of 1997.

12 Another condition which was unfavourable to the purchaser was Condition 7.
Condition 7(a) of the Third Agreement stated that sale of the property was
subject to two caveats and Condition 7(b) provided that Chainthiran was deemed
to have purchased the property with knowledge of these two caveats and should
not be deemed to raise any objections or queries on the title or otherwise in
respect thereof, nor should the same operate as a ground for Chainthiran to
delay completion of the sale and purchase. Again, the respondent failed to
advise Chainthiran or the complainants about the consequences or effect of
these conditions. Acknowledging his misconduct, the respondent pleaded guilty
to the amended alternative fourth charge, formulated as follows:

That you, Subbiah Pillai, are guilty of misconduct within the meaning of
Section 83(2)(h) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161) IN THAT you, between
the period 6 August 1996 to 6 December 1996 (both dates inclusive) whilst
acting as solicitor for your sister, Vasanthi Pillai, in the sale of the
property known as 19 and 21 Upper Dickson Road Singapore, acted as solicitor
for the purchaser of the said property, Samynathan Chainthiran in the same
transaction, and thus allowed a conflict of interest to arise, without first
advising the purchaser of the same, and/or advising that he should seek
independent legal advice, and/or ensuring that he had a reasonable opportunity
to do so.

**The Disciplinary Committee’s findings**

13 The Disciplinary Committee (“DC”) found that the respondent’s conflict of
duties and conduct in the transactions were of a nature serious enough to
warrant disciplinary action under s 93(1)(c) of the LPA. In reaching this
conclusion, the DC noted that this was not a simple conflict of duties
situation. Rather, the DC considered at para 38 of its report that there were
“unusual” features to the various transactions. We now summarise some of these
unusual features:

(a) This was not one transaction but a series of transactions involving the
sale and buy-back of the property involving the first complainant, the second
complainant, the first complainant’s brother Chainthiran, and Vasanthi.

(b) Vasanthi was the sister of the respondent. No doubt the first complainant
knew this, but the family relationship made the conflict of duties more acute.

(c) The respondent was the guarantor for the OUT loan to Vasanthi for the
purchase of the property. If the respondent was unable to get the first
complainant or his nominee to repurchase the property, the respondent would
have had to pay on the guarantee, as by July 1996 or earlier, the bank loan to
Vasanthi was in default. Both the respondent and Vasanthi could have faced
legal proceedings unless they found the financial means to repay the defaulted
loan or find a buyer.

(d) The respondent claimed in paras 15 and 32 of his defence that the first
complainant had verbally agreed for the sale to Vasanthi to be coupled with a
buy-back on certain terms. As those terms were not met, the complainants
signed the third sale and purchase agreement to repurchase the property from
Vasanthi for $4.5m. There were unusual features to this agreement:

(i) The series of transactions showed that Vasanthi was buying the property
and doing a sale back at transaction prices which were geared to make it
possible to obtain higher loans from banks.

(ii) The purchase and sale back by Vasanthi showed that she had no commercial
intention to own the property, and she was part of the series of transactions
to facilitate the complainants being able to hold on to the property and to
obtain financing.

(iii) Since the first complainant was in no financial position to repurchase
the property, he arranged for his brother Chainthiran to purchase the property
from Vasanthi. This sale was also geared to make it possible for the first
complainant to hold on to the property and obtain financing notwithstanding
his financial problems.

(iv) The respondent failed to document his verbal agreement with the first
complainant properly. In acting for both buyer and seller in the sale and
purchase transactions, the respondent was not able to discharge his duties in
a professional manner, which was conduct unbecoming of a solicitor.

(e) The mess that the respondent found himself in with regard to the
allegations by the complainants was to a large extent caused by his own
failure to document the transactions properly and to give a final complete
accounting. The fact that the respondent had helped to expedite matters by
pleading liability to the first and fourth charges and also agreeing to costs
did not make it untenable for the DC to make a decision under s 93(1)(c) of
the LPA.

14 In the DC’s opinion, having regard to the penalty imposed in _Law Society
of Singapore v Ganesan Krishnan_ [2003] 2 SLR 251, the respondent ought to be
at least censured, and a reprimand or fine would be inadequate.

**The application**

**_Conflict of interests – the law_**

15 There is no absolute bar on a solicitor acting for both parties to the same
transaction. Nevertheless, the courts have often warned of the risks involved
where a solicitor acts for both parties in a conveyancing transaction. In
_Moody v Cox and Hatt_ [1917] 2 Ch 71 at 81, Lord Cozens-Hardy MR said:

A solicitor may have a duty on one side and a duty on the other, namely, a
duty to his client as solicitor on the one side and a duty to his
beneficiaries on the other; … The answer is that if a solicitor involves
himself in that dilemma it is his own fault. He ought before putting himself
in that position to inform the client of his conflicting duties, and either
obtain from that client an agreement that he should not perform his full
duties of disclosure or say – which would be much better – “I cannot accept
this business.”

16 As the law stands, therefore, the solicitor who is accepting instructions
to act for more than one party in a conveyancing transaction must warn each
party of the potential conflict of interests and of his duty should such a
conflict arise. He may then act if he obtains the informed consent of all
parties to his acting. As defined by the Privy Council in _Clark Boyce v
Mouat_ [1994] 1 AC 428 at 435, informed consent is:

… consent given in the knowledge that there is a conflict between the parties
and that as a result the solicitor may be disabled from disclosing to each
party the full knowledge which he possesses as to the transaction or may be
disabled from giving advice to one party which conflicts with the interests of
the other.

17 These principles have since been encapsulated in rr 25 to 28 of the Legal
Profession (Professional Conduct) Rules (Cap 161, R 1, 2000 Rev Ed). Bearing
these principles in mind, we turned to the question of the appropriate order
to be made.

**_Issues before the court_**

18 The respondent accepted full culpability for his actions but sought to
persuade this court that his conduct did not warrant suspension or striking
out. He raised several points for our consideration.

19 First, the respondent argued that he did not bring any undue influence or
pressure to bear on either of the complainants or Chainthiran to enter into
the transactions or agree to the dual representation. He further highlighted
the fact that there was no element of self-dealing in the transaction. We
considered these factors to be irrelevant to the charges preferred against the
respondent since their presence or absence did not change the fact that he had
placed himself in situations where his duties to both parties were in
conflict.

20 The respondent then canvassed the argument that the complainants had known
all along that Vasanthi was his sister and further, that the respondent’s duty
to advance the complainants’ interests was never affected by Vasanthi’s
interests. We were not convinced by this. Even if the complainants knew that
Vasanthi was the respondent’s sister, the onus was still on the respondent to
point out any potential conflicts which might arise and to advise them to
obtain independent legal advice. He failed signally in his duty to do so. In
addition, there was evidence before us that Vasanthi was unable to pay back
the OUT loan and would have been faced with legal proceedings had the
complainants not agreed to buy back the property from her. In fact, the
respondent’s interests would also have been involved since he had acted as
guarantor for the loan and would similarly have been faced with legal
proceedings if Vasanthi defaulted on the loan. Contrary to the respondent’s
submissions, we were of the opinion that the involvement of Vasanthi’s
interests in the transaction exacerbated the conflict of interests situation.

21 The respondent also stressed his early plea of guilt on the first day of
the hearing before the DC as a mitigating factor. We held in _Law Society of
Singapore v Tham Yu Xian Rick_ [1999] 4 SLR 168 that considerations which
usually weigh in mitigation of punishment have less effect on the exercise of
the disciplinary jurisdiction than on sentences imposed in criminal cases,
since show cause proceedings are primarily civil and not punitive in nature.
The purpose of these show cause proceedings was to ascertain whether the
respondent was still fit to be held out as a solicitor by this court.
Moreover, whilst the respondent had pleaded guilty at the first available
opportunity, this was undermined by his attempts to qualify his guilt at
several points during proceedings before the DC. For instance, the respondent
repeatedly cast aspersions on the complainants’ credibility and also sought to
limit his involvement in the Second Agreement by implicating another of the
partners of M/s Yong Koh & Pillai. As such, we were of the opinion that any
weight placed on the respondent’s plea of guilt should be minimal.

**_The appropriate penalty_**

22 Having disposed of these issues, the question before us at this stage was
to what extent the respondent had conducted himself in a manner “as would
render him unfit to remain as a member of an honourable profession”: _In re
Weare_ [1893] 2 QB 439; _Law Society of Singapore v Arjan Chotrani Bisham_
[2001] 1 SLR 684 and _Ganesan Krishnan_ ([14] _supra_).

23 To this end, we bore in mind that the rationale for disciplinary
sentencing, as set out by Sir Thomas Bingham MR in _Bolton v Law Society_
[1994] 1 WLR 512 and adopted by this court in _Law Society of Singapore v
Ravindra Samuel_ [1999] 1 SLR 696 and _Law Society of Singapore v Wong Sin
Yee_ [2003] 3 SLR 209, is:

(a) punishment of the errant solicitor for his misconduct;

(b) deterrence against similar defaults by other like-minded solicitors in the
future; and

(c) protection of public confidence in the administration of justice.

24 We also reminded ourselves of another portion of the judgment in _Bolton v
Law Society_ (at 518) which has been approved by this court in _Arjan Chotrani
Bisham_ and _Ganesan Krishnan_. It reads:

Any solicitor who is shown to have discharged his professional duties with
anything less than complete integrity, probity and trustworthiness must expect
severe sanctions to be imposed upon him by the Solicitors Disciplinary
Tribunal. Lapses from the required high standard may, of course, take
different forms and be of varying degrees. The most serious involves proven
dishonesty, whether or not leading to criminal proceedings and criminal
penalties. In such cases the tribunal has almost invariably, no matter how
strong the mitigation advanced for the solicitor, ordered that he be struck
off the Roll of Solicitors. … If a solicitor is not shown to have acted
dishonestly, but is shown to have fallen below the required standards of
integrity, probity and trustworthiness, his lapse is less serious but it
remains very serious indeed in a member of a profession whose reputation
depends upon trust. A striking off order will not necessarily follow in such a
case, but it may well. The decision whether to strike off or to suspend will
often involve a fine and difficult exercise of judgment, to be made by the
tribunal as an informed and expert body on all the facts of the case. Only in
a very unusual and venial case of this kind would the tribunal be likely to
regard as appropriate any order less severe than one of suspension.

25 This statement was approved in the case of _Law Society of Singapore v Lim
Kiap Khee_ [2001] 3 SLR 616, where the court went on to observe at [26] that:

Ordinarily, where the misconduct does not involve fraud or intention to
deceive, striking off would not be imposed. But this is not an absolute rule.
Ultimately, it is the gravity of the misconduct, or where there is more than
one act of misconduct, the totality of them all which will be determinative.
Equally relevant here is the presence of antecedents.

26 Although the facts surrounding the Third Agreement were somewhat murky, no
allegations of dishonesty were made out against the respondent. It was not
disputed that the complainants were aware of the relationship between the
respondent and his sister Vasanthi from the start. Similarly, the DC did not
find that the respondent’s behaviour had fallen below the required standards
of integrity, probity and trustworthiness, and there was no evidence before us
to indicate otherwise. In our judgment, striking the respondent off the rolls
was not in order, but a period of suspension was appropriate.

27 In coming to our decision as to an appropriate period of suspension, we
considered the following factors. First, Chainthiran had indubitably suffered
prejudice from the respondent’s failure to advise him fully as to the purport
and effect of Conditions 4 and 7 of the Third Agreement. Second, the
respondent had failed to adhere to elementary principles of professional
conduct by his failure to advise the complainants of the conflict of interests
and of the need to obtain independent legal advice. We also noted the DC’s
finding that there were “unusual” aspects to this case, and that this was no
“simple” conflict of duties situation because of the familial relationship
between the respondent and Vasanthi. The respondent not only placed himself in
a position where he had conflicting duties to both parties in the transaction,
but also in a situation where his loyalties must surely have been inclined
towards one party, Vasanthi. He then worsened this by failing to document the
oral agreements reached between the parties and by failing to keep proper
accounts.

28 In the premises, we deemed it fit to make the show cause order absolute and
to suspend the respondent from practice for three years.

Order accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Apr 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

