Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hyundai Engineering and Construction Co Ltd v Rankine and Hill (Singapore)
Pte Ltd  
[2004] SGHC 178

Case Number | : | OS 501/2004, NAOS 248/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 16 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Vinodh Coomaraswamy and Kenneth Choo (Shook Lin and Bok) for plaintiff; Tan Lee Cheng and Kenneth Leong (Harry Elias Partnership) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Hyundai Engineering and Construction Co Ltd — Rankine and Hill (Singapore) Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Originating processes – Plaintiff commencing action in
negligence by way of originating summons – Whether action should be commenced
by way of writ of summons  
  
Contract – Plaintiff to credit developer for money saved from changing piping
material – Plaintiff's calculations differing from defendant's calculations of
value of such savings – Whether defendant adopted wrong formula for
calculation – Whether matter of contract  
  
Tort – Inducement of breach of contract – Whether defendant's calculation of
savings induced developer to breach its contract with plaintiff  
  
Tort – Negligence – Breach of duty – Whether defendant contractually bound to
certify savings or reimbursement – Whether defendant in breach of any duty of
care owed to plaintiff by calculating savings as such  
  

16 August 2004

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The plaintiff was the main contractor in the construction of the condominium
known as Glendale Park. It was awarded the tender on 4 April 1997. Under this
contract (“the main contract”) the material for the pipe work was specified to
be “hubless” cast iron for all soil and waste pipes with diameters of 150mm,
100mm and 80mm, but uPVC (a type of plastic) for pipes 50mm in diameter. No
other measurements were indicated for pipe sizes. The lump sum values of these
pipes were set out in the plaintiff’s bill of quantities in items 5(a)(i) to
(xii). It is important to note that in addition to the above stipulated work
and tendered prices, the plaintiff also provided a document known as the
schedule of rates in its contract documents. This schedule provided for the
prices of materials that might have to be purchased on an _ad hoc_ basis in
the course of construction. That is to say, it was meant to provide a schedule
of costs for items that had to be purchased which were not anticipated and set
out in the bill of quantities. These would usually cover items or materials in
variation works. There was a price differential between identical items in
each of the two lists. The prices in the bill of quantities were lower because
they were negotiated with suppliers on a “bulk purchase” basis.

2 The defendant was a company employed directly by the developer to be the
mechanical and electrical consultant for the project. The defendant gave
instructions on 18 March 1998 to change “all horizontal soil waste pipes from
cast iron to uPVC”. Two days later, the architect for the project issued his
instructions to the plaintiff to comply with the defendant’s instructions. The
plaintiff duly implemented the changes as required. There were no complaints
in respect of the completed work which was accepted as a variation. However,
the change from cast iron to uPVC pipes was intended to and did result in a
saving in costs to the developer. The plaintiff had, therefore, to credit the
developer the difference, that is, the savings. The question was, how was the
savings to be calculated? The problem arose in connection with this question.

3 The plaintiff made its calculations by using the differential between the
costs of the uPVC pipes as set out in the schedule of rates (because these
were variation items and had to be purchased _ad hoc_), and the price of the
cast iron pipes as set out in the bill of quantities since these were the
originally intended items. According to this calculation, the plaintiff had to
credit or reimburse the developer the sum of $92,396. This was then submitted
to the quantity surveyor in June 1998 after the work was completed. The
defendant, however, valued the savings using a different formula based
entirely on the bill of quantities, the defendant found the savings to be in
the sum of $390,920.

4 The plaintiff rejected this valuation and commenced this action, by way of
an originating summons, against the defendant. The plaintiff sought an order
that on the true and proper construction of the main contract, the savings
should be valued according to the formula used by the plaintiff and not any
other – that is to say, that the formula used by the defendant was wrong.
Secondly, the plaintiff sought a determination on whether in calculating the
savings in the way it did, the defendant was “in breach of a duty of care in
the tort of negligence”. In the alternative, the plaintiff sought a
determination as to:

[W]hether if the Defendant were to determine and assess [the] value of the
Variation otherwise than in accordance with [the formula adopted by the
plaintiff] with knowledge that the Employer would rely on the Defendant’s said
determination and assessment in performing the Employer’s obligations under
the Contract, the Defendant would thereby induce wrongfully and tortiously the
Employer to breach the Contract as against the Plaintiff; …

5 Miss Tan Lee Cheng, counsel for the defendant, in written submission
demurred that the action was misconceived because the payment of the contract
sum and, by that same token, any reimbursement, is between the developer and
the plaintiff. The defendant was not a party to the contract between the
developer and the plaintiff. She disputed the allegations that the defendant
was negligent or had induced a breach of contract. Mr Coomaraswamy argued that
the defendant’s valuation was to be relied upon by the quantity surveyor, who
in turn would report to the Architect and he, in his turn, would, on behalf of
the developer, make a final determination of the sum payable. In this regard,
counsel accepted that in principle, the quantity surveyor was not bound to
agree with the valuation or the method of valuation of the defendant. Indeed,
if he were to exercise his own judgment as he ought to, he would have to make
his determination with reasoned grounds, and not simply adopt the assessment
made by someone who was not contractually, or duty bound, to make such
assessment. In the framework of the contractual structure, it appears that the
person who was so bound was the quantity surveyor himself.

6 Mr Coomaraswamy argued, however, that the defendant owed a duty of care to
the plaintiff that when it took it upon itself to carry out the valuation of
the savings, it was bound to adopt a fair and reasonable formula. Counsel
relied on the High Court decision in _Hiap Hong & Co Pte Ltd v Hong Huat
Development Co_ [2000] SGHC 131 in which the court, relied on two court of
appeal cases (_RSP Architects Planners & Engineers v Ocean Front Pte Ltd_
[1996] 1 SLR 113 and _RSP Architects Planners & Engineers (Raglan Squire &
Partners FE) v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 1075_ [1999] 2 SLR
449) for the proposition that a person who was charged with a duty to certify
(in the cases cited it was the architect), was bound to discharge his duty
with care and skill and owes a duty of care not to cause economic loss to the
(in relevant cases) contractor. The _Hong Huat_ decision on this point was not
dealt with on appeal. The facts were also significantly different. The
defendant here, who was not contractually bound to certify the savings or
reimbursement, cannot be likened to the architect who was contractually bound
to certify the satisfactory completion of work.

7 On the simple and so far undisputed facts that gave rise to the questions to
be determined, some intractable problems stand in the way of the plaintiff.
The person who had to certify the savings had to be either the quantity
surveyor or the architect but it was not specifically stated which. All that
the parties had agreed on was that the defendant had “assumed” the task of
ascertaining the savings with the view of reporting it to the quantity
surveyor, who it appeared, was waiting for the report. Assuming that that was
so, there was no evidence before me that the quantity surveyor had vowed to
accept the defendant’s findings no matter what. It meant that at this point,
it was not clear what the quantity surveyor would actually do. Thus, he might
agree with the plaintiff, in which event, the plaintiff would have suffered no
loss or damage. If the quantity surveyor adopted the defendant’s valuation,
the proper recourse would be for the plaintiff to dispute it as a matter of
contract between itself and the developer, assuming that the developer wished
to accept the quantity surveyor’s certification. In that event, it would be
questionable whether any cause of action would lie against the defendant. The
issue as to how much the developer owes the contractor and how much
reimbursement is due, are matters of contract between them.

8 If the plaintiff alleges that the assessment of the savings by the defendant
caused the developer to rely erroneously on it and thus incurred loss and
damage to the plaintiff, the loss and damage must first be proved. No damage
had been proved. Counsel’s argument that the quantity surveyor was almost
likely to adopt the defendant’s valuation is not sufficient. The tort of
negligence requires proof of damage. It is not a tort that is actionable _per
se_. Economic loss or potential economic loss does not merit a _quia timet_
injunction. Injunctions of that nature may be granted in cases where there is
a risk of imminent or impending physical harm or damage.

9 Furthermore, an action in negligence ought to be commenced by way of a writ
action with particulars of negligence and damage properly and sufficiently
pleaded. These particulars are wanting in this originating summons. There were
other difficulties in the present case. If this court were to accept that the
plaintiff’s formula was correct, the finding would not bind the developer who
is entitled to say that contractually, he would be right to use a different
formula from that used by the plaintiff. If this court were to make a
determination on the duties and rights under the contract, the developer must
be a party to the proceedings since it was a party to the contract.
Ordinarily, in the circumstances, the action ought to be dismissed. However,
it is open to the plaintiff to commence the proper action in order to air its
grievances, and as such an action might require the defendant to be made a
party, I decided that the appropriate decision was to make no orders on the
questions sought to be determined, but order costs to be awarded to the
defendant as if the action was dismissed. After hearing submissions from Miss
Tan and Mr Coomaraswamy I fixed costs at $5,000 plus reasonable disbursements.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 16 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

