Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Selvarajoo s/o Malayappan Krishsamy v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGHC 39

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 15/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 25 February 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  M Ravi (M Ravi and Co) for petitioner; Amarjit Singh (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Selvarajoo s/o Malayappan Krishsamy — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Revision of proceedings – Adducing fresh
evidence at criminal revision – Whether procedure to adduce fresh evidence
adhered to – Power of court to allow adduction of fresh evidence despite
failure to adhere to appropriate procedure – Whether petitioner satisfied the
three conditions when seeking to adduce fresh evidence  
  

25 February 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was a petition for a criminal revision of the decision of District
Judge Teoh Ai Lin. The petitioner was convicted on one charge of cheating and
dishonestly inducing a delivery of property under s 420 of the Penal Code (Cap
224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”). He was sentenced to 12 months’ imprisonment and
served his sentence. He then petitioned to quash his earlier conviction.

**The facts**

2 The petitioner was a freelance housing agent. In 1992, he met R Pillaisay
Jaganathan (“Mr Jaganathan”) and Nagosri Uthirapathy Pillai (“Mrs
Jaganathan”), a married couple, and offered to help them in a mortgage
refinancing transaction. The application for the refinancing transaction was
submitted to the Rochor Road branch of Overseas Union Trust (“OUT”) on 12
November 1992 and was completed on 17 November 1992. Prior to the completion
of the transaction, the petitioner had a telephone conversation with Mrs
Jaganathan in which he mentioned to her that he expected payment for his
assistance. It was undisputed that Mrs Jaganathan had agreed to such a
payment, although the sum to be paid was not confirmed.

3 Sometime after 17 November 1992, the petitioner telephoned Mrs Jaganathan
regarding his commission payment. He asked for a sum of $21,000 and mentioned
that this sum was to be shared with one Lim Geok Lan (“Mdm Lim”), a bank
manager at OUT. After some bargaining between the petitioner and Mrs
Jaganathan, a sum of $14,000 was agreed upon. Mrs Jaganathan later testified
that she only agreed to pay the $14,000 because Mdm Lim’s name was mentioned.
Mrs Jaganathan added that she had not informed her husband about the matter,
as he would not have agreed to pay such a large sum.

4 Mrs Jaganathan then met the petitioner at the road near her house and passed
him a cheque signed by her husband, dated 20 January 1993, in the sum of
$14,000. She testified that her husband usually signed his cheques in blank.
The handwriting on the cheque was that of Mrs Jaganathan’s daughter
(“Geetha”). Geetha testified that she usually filled out the cheques for her
parents because her handwriting was neat. She added that Mr Jaganathan would
usually pass the cheques that he had signed to Mrs Jaganathan, who would in
turn ask Geetha to fill them in for her.

5 Subsequently, the petitioner fell out with Mr and Mrs Jaganathan. Since
then, the parties have not been on good terms. About one or two years later,
Mrs Jaganathan met Mdm Lim to enquire about redeeming the current mortgage
refinancing loan and obtaining a new one. In the course of their conversation,
the petitioner’s name was mentioned. Mrs Jaganathan informed Mdm Lim that the
petitioner had said that Mdm Lim had a share in the $14,000 payment that was
made to him. Mdm Lim denied this. Mdm Lim testified that she was upset about
what Mrs Jaganathan had told her and raised the matter with the petitioner.
The petitioner denied that he had so informed Mrs Jaganathan and claimed that
it was all a misunderstanding. A few days later, the petitioner called Mdm Lim
and apologised for having used her name, promising not to do it again.

6 The petitioner denied that some of these incidents had occurred. He claimed
that Mrs Jaganathan had agreed to pay a 4% commission to him in the presence
of her husband. He also claimed that Mr Jaganathan had signed a commission
agreement to this effect and that he had never told Mrs Jaganathan that the
commission was to be shared with Mdm Lim. The petitioner testified that Mr
Jaganathan signed the cheque for $14,000 at the petitioner’s house. The
petitioner’s wife also testified that Mr and Mrs Jaganathan had come to the
petitioner’s house on two occasions. On the second occasion, the petitioner’s
wife claimed that she had seen Mr Jaganathan signing a cheque and handing it
to her husband. The petitioner also denied promising Mdm Lim that he would not
use her name again. He added that he had only apologised to Mdm Lim to save
his friendship with her.

**The decision below**

7 The district judge observed that the Prosecution’s case rested on Mrs
Jaganathan’s evidence. She found that despite some immaterial inconsistencies
in Mrs Jaganathan’s testimony and the danger of malice in her evidence as a
result of the falling out between the parties, Mrs Jaganathan was largely an
honest, consistent and non-malicious witness. The district judge analysed Mr
Jaganathan’s evidence with caution, taking into account the fact that the
parties had fallen out and that, consequently, there was a danger of Mr
Jaganathan tailoring his evidence to corroborate his wife’s. Nevertheless, the
district judge found that Mr Jaganathan _was_ a truthful witness. She noted
that Mr Jaganathan did not corroborate his wife’s testimony regarding the
commission sharing (an important issue around which the charge against the
petitioner revolved). The district judge held that if Mr Jaganathan had been
malicious, he would have embellished his evidence to support his wife’s claims
on the commission sharing.

8 On the other hand, the district judge took issue with the petitioner’s
testimony and highlighted the various discrepancies and improbabilities
therein. She noted that in light of Geetha’s evidence, it was highly
improbable that Mr Jaganathan would have signed the $14,000 cheque in the
petitioner’s presence. In this respect, the district judge also found that the
petitioner’s wife had tailored her evidence to corroborate the petitioner’s.
Additionally, the district judge found that the petitioner’s account of his
dealings with the Jaganathans and of how the commission agreement came about
was unconvincing. She found that this cast doubt on the petitioner’s veracity.

9 The district judge also had to consider a variety of other issues, including
the inconsistencies in the petitioner’s evidence as opposed to Mdm Lim’s, the
petitioner’s conduct when he was charged, the admissibility of his February
2001 statement to a Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) officer
and the inconsistencies between this statement and the petitioner’s testimony
in court. After she had considered the various issues before her, the district
judge found that the elements that must be proved in a charge under s 420 PC
had been fulfilled. Consequently, she convicted the petitioner on the charge
and sentenced him to a term of imprisonment of 12 months.

10 The petitioner then filed, but later withdrew, a notice of appeal against
the conviction. He completed the 12-month term of imprisonment.

**The petition for criminal revision**

11 The petitioner made several submissions in support of his petition. Almost
all of these submissions revolved around the fact that the petitioner had now
managed to find the commission agreement that he had mentioned at trial. He
contended that the substantial basis of his conviction was his inability to
produce the original or a copy of the commission agreement signed by Mr
Jaganathan and highlighted the instances in the district judge’s grounds of
decision where the commission agreement was mentioned. He contended, in
general, that the discovery of the commission agreement undermined the basis
of his conviction. As such, he argued that his petition for criminal revision
should be allowed due to the serious injustice that had been caused to him.

12 As the petitioner’s submissions revolved largely around the point relating
to the discovery of the commission agreement, I dealt with his submissions in
the following manner:

(a) whether the commission agreement was admissible as fresh evidence; and

(b) in the event that the commission agreement was admissible as evidence,
whether the petition for criminal revision should be allowed.

**_Admissibility of the commission agreement as fresh evidence_**

13 My immediate observation with regard to this petition was the fact that the
petitioner had not applied by way of a criminal motion to adduce the
commission agreement as evidence. Instead, he had submitted the commission
agreement together with his petition for criminal revision and a supporting
affidavit. The appropriate procedure in so far as the adduction of fresh
evidence is concerned would be by way of a criminal motion. Indeed, this was
the procedure adopted in _Juma’at bin Samad v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 338, _Chan
Hiang Leng Colin v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 687, _Chan Chun Yee v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 638
and _Tan Sai Tiang v PP_ [2000] 1 SLR 439, all cases in which an adduction of
fresh evidence was sought.

14 In any case, despite this procedural irregularity, I retained the power to
admit fresh evidence where such evidence was necessary. In this respect, s
257(1) of the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”) would be
the relevant provision with regard to admitting fresh evidence at this stage.
Section 257(1) CPC reads as follows:

In dealing with any appeal under this Chapter the High Court, if it thinks
additional evidence is necessary, may either take such evidence itself or
direct it to be taken by a District Court or Magistrate’s Court.

15 Although s 257(1) CPC refers to the adduction of fresh evidence at an
appellate stage, the section is equally applicable in the context of a
criminal revision by virtue of s 268(1) CPC:

The High Court may in any case, the record of the proceedings of which has
been called for by itself or which otherwise comes to its knowledge, in its
discretion exercise any of the powers conferred by sections 251, 255, 256 and
257.

16 However, I hasten to add that this power remains a discretionary one.
Inefficient petitioners or litigants who blatantly fail to comply with the
appropriate procedure to adduce fresh evidence, that is _via_ a criminal
motion, should not be allowed to abuse s 257(1) CPC as a “backdoor” means of
adducing fresh evidence.

17 In exercising this power, then, our courts have applied the three
conditions of non-availability, relevance and reliability, as enshrined in
_Ladd v Marshall_ [1954] 3 All ER 745. Interestingly, the petitioner failed to
make any submissions regarding these three conditions. Nevertheless, I
proceeded to examine the three conditions in order to determine if all of them
were fulfilled in this petition before deciding whether the commission
agreement should be admitted in evidence. In this respect, the relevant
portion of the holding in _Ladd v Marshall_ (_per_ Denning LJ at 748) bears
repetition:

In order to justify the reception of fresh evidence or a new trial, three
conditions must be fulfilled: first, it must be shown that the evidence could
not have been obtained with reasonable diligence for use at the trial: second,
the evidence must be such that, if given, it would probably have an important
influence on the result of the case, although it need not be decisive: third,
the evidence must be such as is presumably to be believed, or in other words,
it must be apparently credible, although it need not be incontrovertible.

This aspect of the judgment in _Ladd v Marshall_ was adopted in _Juma’at bin
Samad_ , with the added caution that the circumstances in which an application
to introduce fresh evidence will be allowed are extremely limited. Most
recently, these conditions were affirmed in _Tan Puay Boon v PP_ [2003] 3 SLR
390. With these in mind, I turned to apply the three conditions to the facts
of this petition in order to determine if the commission agreement should be
adduced in evidence.

_Non-availability_

18 Under this first condition, the petitioner had to show that the fresh
evidence that he sought to adduce could not have been available with
reasonable diligence for use at trial.

19 In his affidavit, the petitioner stated that he was unable to find the
commission agreement during the trial because he had moved residences four
times. However, it was apparent from the notes of evidence that the petitioner
had kept the said commission agreement with him after Mr Jaganathan had signed
it. He also claimed at trial that the commission agreement could have been
seized by the CPIB when they came to his house with a search warrant and took
away some documents. The petitioner maintained at trial that the CPIB did not
return any documents apart from the petitioner’s passport. However, I observed
that despite the claim that the CPIB could have been in possession of the
commission agreement at the time of the trial, the petitioner did not cross-
examine the investigating officer from the CPIB regarding the whereabouts of
this commission agreement.

20 If the commission agreement had been of such importance to the petitioner’s
case at trial, he should have been more diligent when he was offered the
chance to cross-examine the CPIB investigating officer. Additionally, the
trial itself stretched for a period of five to six months. During this period,
the petitioner would have had ample time and opportunity to uncover the
commission agreement. If the petitioner had been more diligent during this
period of time, he would have been able to find the commission agreement as
easily as he seemed to have at the time of this petition. This lack of
diligence was especially glaring considering that the commission agreement was
allegedly so crucial to the petitioner’s defence at trial.

21 It was rather odd that the petitioner ran a new argument as to why he was
unable to find the commission agreement, _ie_ , that he changed residences
four times. For one, the petitioner did not mention this fact at trial. This
indicated that the petitioner was now shifting from his original position and
finding some excuse or other to explain away his lack of diligence at trial.
For another, there was nothing in the petitioner’s skeletal arguments that
explained or proved that there had _indeed_ been four changes in residence
that resulted in the commission agreement being misplaced. All that the
petitioner provided was a bare assertion in his affidavit. This was not
enough.

22 It was therefore clear that the petitioner was not able to satisfactorily
explain why the commission agreement could not have been obtained with
reasonable diligence at trial. As such, the petitioner failed at the very
first hurdle of the _Ladd v Marshall_ test. Nevertheless, even if the
petitioner passed this first hurdle, he still failed with regard to the next
condition.

_Relevance_

23 The second hurdle of the _Ladd v Marshall_ test requires the commission
agreement to have had an important influence on the result of the case at
trial, if it had been produced during the trial. The petitioner argued that
the district judge relied heavily on the non-production of the commission
agreement to convict him on the charge. Although the petitioner did not make
this argument in relation to the condition of relevance, as understood within
the meaning of _Ladd v Marshall_ , this was the only argument that came
closest to assisting the petitioner at this stage.

24 However, I found that the petitioner’s argument was not substantiated on a
perusal of the district judge’s grounds of decision. Although the district
judge made references to the commission agreement in her grounds of decision,
the absence of the commission agreement was not the _basis_ of her decision.
At this juncture, it would be helpful to refer to s 420 PC:

Whoever cheats and thereby dishonestly induces the person deceived to deliver
any property to any person, or to make, alter or destroy the whole or any part
of a valuable security, or anything which is signed or sealed, and which is
capable of being converted into a valuable security, shall be punished with
imprisonment for a term which may extend to 7 years, and shall also be liable
to fine.

and the charge against the petitioner at trial:

You, Selvarajoo s/o Malayappan Krishsamy Male, 49 years old S0011421I are
charged that you, on or about the 20th day of January 1993, at 26 Colchester
Grove, Singapore, did cheat one Nagosri Uthirapathy Pillai [Mrs Jaganathan] of
a sum of $14,000 by deceiving her into believing that one Lim Geok Lan, a Bank
Manager in the employ of Overseas Union Trust Limited, had a share of the said
$14,000 given as a reward for approving a mortgage loan of $350,000 when in
actual fact the said Lim Geok Lan had no share and by such deception you have
dishonestly induced the said Nagosri Uthirapathy Pillai into delivering to you
a sum of $14,000 vide DBS cheque No: 220849, which she would not have done so
had she not been so deceived and you have thereby committed an offence
punishable under Section 420 of the Penal Code Act [_sic_] Cap 224.

25 From the charge alone, it was apparent that it was the petitioner’s act of
deceiving Mrs Jaganathan by representing that the $14,000 was for the purpose
of commission sharing between Mdm Lim and himself (and thereby dishonestly
inducing Mrs Jaganathan to part with the $14,000) that formed the basis of the
charge (and the s 420 PC offence) and _not the absence of a commission
agreement_. The district judge found for a fact that the petitioner _had_ made
the representation to Mrs Jaganathan. She was therefore correct in convicting
the petitioner on the charge. It was this particular finding of fact that was
the basis of the district judge’s decision and I found no reason to reject the
district judge’s finding. I accordingly upheld this finding.

26 The newly discovered commission agreement would have only assisted the
petitioner on the charge if it could have been used to prove that the
petitioner _had not made the oral representation_ to Mrs Jaganathan regarding
the commission sharing. However, the commission agreement was only a written
agreement with regard to a 4% commission that had to be paid by Mr Jaganathan.
It did not state anything more that could have led me to find that the
petitioner had not made the oral representation to Mrs Jaganathan. Therefore,
the existence of the commission agreement did not change the most important
aspect of the district judge’s grounds of decision.

27 Accordingly, the petitioner failed to show how relevant the commission
agreement would have been to the decision at trial. Although fresh evidence
that was sought to be adduced need not have been decisive to the ultimate
decision at trial, it must _at least_ have had an important influence on the
result of the case: _Ladd v Marshall_. In this regard, I found that the
commission agreement was incapable of having such an important influence on
the result of the case, being a document that neither related directly to the
charge and offence in question nor even served to raise a reasonable doubt in
the Prosecution’s case at trial.

28 As such, I found that the petitioner also failed at the second hurdle of
the _Ladd v Marshall_ test. Nevertheless, for the sake of completeness, I
proceeded to consider the third condition.

_Reliability_

29 At this third stage of the _Ladd v Marshall_ test, the court must determine
whether the evidence sought to be adduced is apparently credible, although it
need not be incontrovertible. For instance, the authenticity of the commission
agreement could go towards showing reliability.

30 In this respect, by virtue of his affidavit under oath, the petitioner
attested to the authenticity of the commission agreement. However, on a
careful perusal of the notes of evidence and the commission agreement itself,
I found that the commission agreement did not satisfy the reliability
condition. The commission agreement was dated 12 November 1992. This was the
date on which the petitioner had brought Mr and Mrs Jaganathan to OUT to apply
for the mortgage refinancing loan. The loan itself was approved on 17 November
1992. However, at trial, the petitioner testified that it was not his practice
to execute the commission agreement before the bank had presented a letter of
offer (the bank had presented to the Jaganathans a letter of offer dated 17
November 1992). The petitioner also testified that he made Mr Jaganathan sign
the commission agreement only after the bank had presented this letter of
offer. I reproduce the relevant portions of the notes of evidence:

_Notes of Evidence p 86, para A: Examination-in-chief of petitioner_

Q: Did you execute commission agreement with anyone before go to bank?

A: First time go to bank, Mdm Lim interview both of them in my presence.
_Normally when letter of offer is ready, then sign agreement for commission.
That is my practice_. No point signing first day. Bank may not accept.

_Notes of Evidence p 86, paras E to F: Examination-in-chief of petitioner_

Q: All of you left?

A: Yes, they drop me at my house. A few days later Mdm Lim call me,
application successful. Bank granted $350,000. She said already called Mrs
Nathan before me. One or two days we go back to sign. Before that I ask them
to come to my house, sign commission agreement. I showed copy of agent
commission agreement to the husband. Then he show to wife, wife read, then
husband signed. Only husband signed.

_Notes of Evidence p 96, paras B to D: Cross-examination of petitioner_

Q: First meeting – you discuss commission?

A: I said 4% I’m agreeable.

Q: They didn’t sign anything at this point?

A: First meeting no.

Q: Sign document second meeting?

A: Yes.

Q: After went to bank first time?

A: Right.

[emphasis added]

Here, the references to the “first meeting” in the notes of evidence were in
relation to the date on which the petitioner brought Mr and Mrs Jaganathan to
OUT _ie_ 12 November 1992. This was also the date on which the application for
the loan was made by Mr and Mrs Jaganathan in the presence of the petitioner
and Mdm Lim.

31 From these pieces of evidence, it was clear that the commission agreement
sought to be adduced did not sit well with the petitioner’s testimony at
trial. There was conflict in the relevant dates. Although this conflict might
not have been enough to rule that the commission agreement was an inauthentic
or a falsified document, it should be held against the petitioner, as he
effectively caused the conflict with his inconsistent positions from the time
of the trial to the current petition.

32 On top of this, I noted that in _Syed Jafaralsadeg bin Abdul Kadir v PP_
[1998] 3 SLR 788 I had stated at [31] that “[a]dditional evidence should not
be admitted unless it may be accepted as apparently credible without the need
for further proof”. In the present situation, the commission agreement was not
apparently credible due to the crucial conflict in dates. Further proof would
probably be required to show that the commission agreement was itself
apparently credible. The situation being such, I found that I could not safely
rely on the commission agreement as a credible document. Consequently, I found
that the commission agreement failed to meet the condition of reliability.

33 In all, I found that the petitioner failed to overcome all three hurdles in
the _Ladd v Marshall_ test and was therefore unable to show why the commission
agreement should be adduced as fresh evidence. Accordingly, I held that the
commission agreement could not be adduced in evidence. With the commission
agreement now incapable of being adduced, I found that the petitioner’s
_basis_ for the criminal revision had disappeared. Thus, the petition for
criminal revision must also be dismissed. Nevertheless, even if the commission
agreement _was_ admissible in evidence, the criminal revision would still have
been dismissed. I now explain why this would be the case.

**_In the event that the commission agreement is admissible as evidence, would
the petition for criminal revision still be allowed_**

34 I had already found that the basis of the district judge’s decision was not
the commission agreement but the oral representation made by the petitioner to
Mrs Jaganathan. The petitioner attempted to place undue importance on the
commission agreement to elevate it as the focal point of the district judge’s
decision. However, from her grounds of decision, it was clear that the
district judge convicted the petitioner for having deceived or dishonestly
induced Mrs Jaganathan into handing over $14,000 by representing that the sum
was to be shared, as commission, by himself and Mdm Lim.

35 The district judge made a finding of fact that Mrs Jaganathan was truthful
in her account of the petitioner’s representation regarding the commission
sharing. Additionally, she found that Mdm Lim’s testimony corroborated Mrs
Jaganathan’s testimony in relation to the representation, albeit a weak form
of corroboration. The testimonies of Mrs Jaganathan and Mdm Lim pertaining to
the representation on commission sharing were more crucial to the district
judge’s decision, as opposed to the commission agreement. The petitioner was
unable to show otherwise.

36 As such, even if the commission agreement were to be admitted as evidence,
the petition for criminal revision would still be dismissed, as the
petitioner’s conviction was based on a different reason. The petitioner thus
failed to show that some “serious injustice [had] been caused” to him as a
result of the initial non-production of the commission agreement, warranting
the exercise of this court’s powers of revision: _Teo Hee Heng v PP_ [2000] 3
SLR 168, which followed the Singapore Court of Appeal decision in _Mok Swee
Kok v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 140.

37 That being stated, I must add that I observed a disturbing attitude that
had been adopted by the petitioner. In his skeletal arguments, the petitioner
had used rather strong, harsh and unwarranted language against the
Jaganathans. In light of that, it was apparent that this petition for criminal
revision was an attempt by the petitioner to seek personal revenge against the
Jaganathans, rather than as a means to quash his conviction. For one, the
petitioner’s arguments revolved only around the uncovering of the commission
agreement, an issue that clearly ran at a tangent to the district judge’s
_ratio decidendi_. For another, the petitioner alleged throughout his skeletal
arguments that the Jaganathans had, among other things, “lied”, “perjured”,
“misled the trial judge”, displayed “vindictiveness” and gone “on a vengeance
path”. These were serious allegations that had been loosely made without any
reasonable basis.

38 Further, the petitioner had accused the district judge of drawing
“prejudicial conclusions” without explaining where such prejudice was found in
the grounds of decision. All of these accusations were without merit. As much
as a criminal revision should not be used as a convenient form of “back door
appeal”, it should also not be abused as an avenue to seek revenge or satiate
the ego of a petitioner. Any suggestion of a trend in bringing appeals or
criminal revisions for the main purpose of tarnishing the reputation of
another party should be nipped at an early stage.

39 In conclusion, my reasons for dismissing this petition for criminal
revision were two-fold. First, the commission agreement upon which the
petitioner had based this criminal revision failed to meet the three
conditions enshrined in _Ladd v Marshall_ and therefore could not be adduced
as fresh evidence. Second, even if the commission agreement could be adduced
as fresh evidence, the district judge’s decision was not based on the
existence or non-existence of the commission agreement. The district judge had
come to her decision based on the charge the Prosecution had proceeded on at
trial and she had made well-supported findings of fact that substantiated her
conclusion. I found no cogent reasons to overturn her findings.

Petition dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 25 Feb 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

