Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Mizuho Corporate Bank Limited v Woori Bank  
[2004] SGHC 219

Case Number | : | Suit 1259/2003, SIC 1232/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 April 2000  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Vincent Leow AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Toh Kian Sing and Ho Keng Hoong (Rajah and Tann) for plaintiff; Sandrasegara Manoj Pillay and Tan Mei Yen (Drew and Napier LLC) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Mizuho Corporate Bank Limited — Woori Bank   
  
23 September 2004

Assistant Registrar, Mr Vincent Leow:

**A. Background**

1 The supply of gas oil formed the background to this suit for payment under
four letters of credit. Petaco Petroleum Inc (“Petaco”) had agreed to purchase
gas oil from Nissho Iwai Petroleum (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“Nissho Iwai”).
Pursuant to that agreement, Petaco went to the defendants, Woori Bank and
persuaded them to open four letters of credit (“the letters of credit”) in
favour of Nissho Iwai. The plaintiffs, Mizuho Corporate Bank Limited, advised
Nissho Iwai on the letters of credit. In addition, they were also the
confirming and negotiating bank.

2 These irrevocable letters of credit were expressly subject to the provisions
of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits (1993) ICC
Publication No. 500 (“UCP 500”) and their terms were materially the same.
Under the terms of the letters of credit, payment was conditional upon the
presentation of two documents: (1) seller’s commercial invoice; and (2) full
set of clean on board ocean bills of lading made out or endorsed to the order
of Woori Bank, marked freight payable as per charter party and notify Petaco
Petroleum, Inc. There were some slight differences in the descriptions of
these documents among the letters of credit, but in substance, these were the
documents to be presented for payment under the letters of credit (“the
compliance documents”).

3 More importantly, these letters of credit all contained a particular clause,
which played a star role in these proceedings. I shall refer to this clause as
the “51 days clause”. The clause read:

“Negotiation is only allowed on and after 51 days from Bill of lading date but
within validity of the letter of credit are acceptable.”

4 After the letters of credit were opened, Nissho Iwai presented the
compliance documents to the plaintiffs as confirming and negotiating bank.
This presentation was done before 51 days from each respective bill of lading
date (“ the 51 days” or “the 51st day”) allowed under the 51 days clause. The
plaintiffs purchased and gave value to Nissho Iwai under the letters of
credit. The plaintiffs then separately presented the compliance documents to
the defendants on or after the 51st day.

5 The defendants refused to accept the compliance documents under each of the
letters of credit on the basis that the compliance documents contained various
discrepancies. However, the defendants only sent their notice of rejection to
the plaintiffs some 6 to 7 banking days after their receipt of the compliance
documents. Further, they only returned the compliance documents some 12 to 26
days after they had rejected the compliance documents. By this time, the
letters of credit had expired.

6 At around the time the compliance documents were sent to the defendants,
Petaco went into liquidation. As such, the practical consequences were that if
the defendants made payment under the letters of credit, they would not be
able to recover in full the amount paid out from Petaco.

7 The plaintiffs subsequently started this suit against the defendants and
took out an application for summary judgment for the amount due from the
defendants under the letters of credit. In the course of proceedings, the
defendants discovered that the plaintiffs had given value to Nissho Iwai under
the letters of credit before the 51st day. They amended their defence and
pleaded as an additional ground that this constituted a breach of the 51 days
clause, which entitled them to refuse payment. The application for summary
judgment came before me and I granted summary judgment. My grounds are as
follows.

**B. Defences**

8 In opposing the summary judgment application, the defendants raised three
justifications, as stated in their amended defence, for refusing to make
payment under the letters of credit: (1) discrepancies in the compliance
documents; (2) breach of the 51 days clause; and (3) misrepresentation. I will
deal with each in turn.

_(1) Discrepancies in the compliance documents_

9 An irrevocable letter of credit constitutes a definite undertaking by the
issuing bank to make payment upon the presentation of the stipulated
documents. Further, if the letter of credit is available for negotiation by
any bank, then where a bank has taken up the offer to negotiate, then a
binding contract comes into existence between the issuing bank and the
negotiating bank. Hence, once the negotiating bank has presented documents
that comply with the requirements under the letter of credit, payment by the
issuing bank should follow. To hold otherwise would defeat the practical
benefits of financing a transaction by way of letters of credit.

10 The issue here was whether the documents comply with the requirements under
the letters of credit. It is trite law that documents presented under a letter
of credit for payment must strictly conform with the requirements under the
credit and where the documents presented do not comply, the issuing bank is
entitled to reject the tender: see the grounds of the Court of Appeal as
delivered by Yong Pung How J (as His Honour then was) in _Bhojwani v Chung
Khiaw Bank Ltd_ [1990] SLR 128. There is a simple reason for this. Business
cannot proceed securely on any other line: see _Equitable Trust Co of New York
v Dawson Partners_ [1926] 27 Lloyd’s LR 49. However, this requirement of
strict compliance does not mean that there must be literal compliance with all
terms. Where the discrepancies on the documents tendered are minor and
inconsequential in nature or if the discrepancies do not call for an inquiry
or investigation, then the discrepancies can be disregarded. This point was
made by LP Thean J (as His Honour then was) in delivering the decision of the
Court of Appeal in _Indian Overseas Bank v United Coconut Oil Mills Inc_
[1993] 1 SLR 141that:

We do not think that the authorities have established that strict compliance
of the documents with the terms of the credit in effect amounts to literal
compliance. As Parker J said in _Banque de l’Indochine,_ Lord Sumner’s
statement of law cannot be taken to require ‘rigid meticulous fulfilment of
precise wording in all cases’.

…

On these authorities, it seems to us that the standard of conformity required
of the documents tendered under a letter of credit is one of strict conformity
to its terms but not one of literal conformity. Very minor and inconsequential
discrepancies between the documents and the terms of the credit may be
disregarded, but any discrepancy which calls for an inquiry or investigation
or ‘such as to invite litigation’ would render the tender of the documents bad
or defective.

11 As such, it is not sufficient to just point out that there are
discrepancies. It must be shown that the discrepancy complained of ‘calls for
an inquiry or investigation’ or is such a nature ‘as to invite litigation’.
Having examined all the discrepancies complained of, I did not think that the
discrepancies were of such a nature or in some cases, I did not even think
that they could even be considered discrepancies. By way of illustration, I
need only turn to the first discrepancy complained of on all the letters of
credit. The defendants contended that the letter of credit number was not
indicated on the Bill of Lading. I could not see how this was a valid
discrepancy as there was no requirement for this to be stated under the letter
of credit, nor under UCP 500 or the International Standard Banking Practice.
Many of the other discrepancies complained of were of a similar nature and I
do not propose to deal with each in turn, save that I would mention that I
have examined all of them and found them to be minor, inconsequential or
invalid.

12 For the sake of completeness, I should add that arguments were raised in
the hearing as to whether the defendants were entitled to rely upon these
discrepancies because they had failed to issue notices of rejection and return
the documents within reasonable time as required under the UCP 500. Given my
above finding on the validity of the discrepancies, I see no need to address
those arguments, but I would just opine that there appears to be a breach of
the reasonable time requirement for both the rejection and especially the
return of the compliance documents: see _Bankers Trust Co v State Bank of
India_ [1991] 2 Lloyd’s LR 443.

_(2) Breach of the 51 days clause_

13 The concept of negotiation is central to the operation of an international
transaction financed by letters of credit. In particular, where traders
operate in different countries, letters of credit serve to bridge the impasse
of credibility between buyers and sellers. In such transactions, after opening
the letter of credit for the buyer, the issuing bank will normally appoint
another bank to act on its behalf in the seller’s country. This bank may
merely advise the seller or it can take a more active role by confirming the
letter of credit. The letter of credit may also be addressed to any bank in
the seller’s country inviting them to negotiate drafts presented. This serves
to provide convenience to all parties. The seller can present the documents to
and obtain payment from a bank that he is familiar with in his own country.
That bank will then seek reimbursement from the issuing bank and the issuing
bank will then obtain repayment from its customer. In return for this
convenience, banks charge a commission to their clients. The instant case was
no exception, save for the existence of the 51 days clause. This clause was
the principal basis on which the defendants sought to resist summary judgment.
For ease of reference, I will set out the 51 days clause again:

“Negotiation is only allowed on and after 51 days from Bill of lading date but
within validity of the letter of credit are acceptable.”

14 The defendants contended that the 51 days clause was very clear. It only
permitted negotiation on or after the 51st day. Since, the plaintiffs had
clearly negotiated the bill (by giving value to Nissho Iwai) before the 51st
day, there was a breach of the 51 days clause and this breach entitled them to
refuse payment.

15 The plaintiffs took the opposite view. They asserted that there was no such
breach as the clause did not preclude them giving value to Nissho Iwai under
the letters of credit, but only precluded the issuing bank from making payment
before the 51st day has passed. Further, they argued that even if there was a
breach, the breach did not have the draconian effect of allowing the
defendants to refuse to make payment.

16 Given these arguments, I turned to look at the exact wording of the clause.
To my mind, the keywords in the 51 days clause was “negotiation is only
allowed on and after 51 days from the Bill of Lading date” as the remainder of
the words merely stated that negotiation must be done within the validity of
the letters of credit. The question to be answered was thus what does
‘negotiation’ mean. For guidance, I turned to Article 10(b)(ii) of UCP 500
which states:

“(b)(ii) Negotiation means the giving of value for Draft(s) and/or document(s)
by the bank authorized to negotiate. Mere examination of the documents without
giving of value does not constitute a negotiation.”

17 Further, Article 10(d) of UCP 500 provides that:

“(d) By nominating another bank, or _by allowing for negotiation by any bank_
, or by authorizing or requesting another bank to add its confirmation, _the
Issuing Bank authorizes such bank to pay, accept Draft(s), or negotiate_ as
the case may be, against documents which appear on their face to be in
compliance with the terms and conditions of the Credit and undertakes to
reimburse such bank in accordance with the provisions of these Articles.”

[Underlining mine]

18 Under article 10(b)(ii) of UCP 500, only the giving of value by ‘banks
authorised to negotiate’ could constitute ‘negotiation’. This meant that only
the plaintiffs who were a ‘bank authorised to negotiate’ could by giving value
to another party create a ‘negotiation’. This interpretation meant that the 51
days clause only prevented the letters of credit from being negotiated to the
plaintiffs before the 51st day. It did not prevent Nissho Iwai or any other
party from presenting documents to the defendants immediately for payment.
Counsel for the defendants asserted that this could not be so. They insisted
that the 51 days clause must be read to cover the issuing bank making payment
to all parties before the 51st day. In principle, I agreed that using the UCP
500’s definition did not appear correct, as it would mean that Nissho Iwai
could have obtained payment immediately, by appointing the plaintiffs as
collecting bank to present the documents. This would render nugatory any bar
against negotiation under the 51 days clause.

19 As such, I took the view that the word ‘negotiation’ in the 51 days clause
could not be construed in the manner envisioned by Article 10(b)(ii) of UCP
500. Both parties did not disagree with this view. What they differed on was
the way in which to construe the word ‘negotiation’. At this point, some
definition may be necessary for clarity. The presentation by Nissho Iwai to
the plaintiffs will be referred to as ‘initial negotiation’, the presentation
by the plaintiffs to the defendants will be referred to as ‘reimbursement’,
while the presentation by Nissho Iwai to the defendants directly will be
referred to as ‘presentation’.

20 Counsel for the plaintiffs suggested that the word ‘negotiation’ must be
looked at in the whole banking context. He stated that it must refer to the
entire process originating from Nissho Iwai, via the plaintiffs and ending at
the defendants. In other words, the word ‘negotiation’ must refer to the
process of initial negotiation coupled with reimbursement. Hence, a breach can
only occur if the entire process takes place before the 51st day. Thus, it is
not a breach where part of the transaction occurs before the 51st day (the
initial negotiation) and the other part occurs on or after the 51st day (the
reimbursement) as in this instant case.

21 In contrast, counsel for the defendants suggested that the word
‘negotiation’ must be construed in relation to each transaction. He mooted
that the word ‘negotiation’ would encompass all three transactions separately.
Hence, the initial negotiation would be a negotiation, the reimbursement would
be a negotiation and the presentation would also be a negotiation. As such,
the initial negotiation between Nissho Iwai and the plaintiffs would be a
negotiation and hence it would be caught by the bar against negotiation in the
51 days clause.

22 In deciding between these two constructions, I referred to the commercial
circumstances surrounding this particular clause for guidance. This approach
was endorsed by Chao Hick Tin JA in delivering the judgment of the Court of
Appeal in _Credit Agricole Indosuez v Banque Nationale de Paris_ [2001] 2 SLR
1. Chao JA stated at [20] – [21] that:

At this juncture, we think it may be useful to set out the principles which
apply to the construction of an LC. A concise statement touching on the
question may be found in Documentary Credits by Raymond Jack (2nd Ed) at pp
6–7:

The construction of documentary credits and the relevance of banking practice.
Under English law, where a contract is contained in a document and the meaning
is clear, the basic rule is that no evidence in addition to the terms of the
document, no extrinsic evidence, is admissible to modify the meaning of the
words used. Extrinsic evidence is, however, always admissible to show that
words have a particular meaning in their context, which differs from their
ordinary meaning. Also, where the meaning is not clear, where there is
ambiguity, evidence of the circumstance in which the contract was made is
admissible to help to ascertain the meaning of the written words. As Lord
Wilberforce stated in Reardon Smith Line Ltd v Yngvar Hansen-Tangen [1976] 1
WLR 989 at 995 ‘No contracts are made in a vacuum: there is always a setting
in which they have to be placed. The nature of what is legitimate to have
regard to is usually described as ‘the surrounding circumstances’ but this
phrase is imprecise: it can be illustrated but hardly defined. In a commercial
contract it is certainly right that the court should know the commercial
purpose of the contract and this in turn presupposes knowledge of the genesis
of the transaction, the background, the context, the market in which the
parties are operating.’ He went on to refer to the object of ascertaining the
intention of the parties in an objective sense. He continued ‘Similarly, when
one is speaking of aim, object or commercial purpose, one is speaking
objectively of what reasonable persons would have in mind in the situation of
the parties.’

Thus, in construing an LC one should normally only examine the provisions of
the document in the light of the applicable UCP rules. However, _where the
meaning of the LC is not clear or where it is sought to show that a term
therein has a special meaning, then the surrounding circumstances relating to
the issues of the LC, namely, the factual matrix, may be looked into for
assistance._

[Underlining mine]

23 In this respect, counsel for the plaintiffs explained that these letters of
credit, which were all at sight letters of credit, were issued in relation to
the gas oil contract. The gas oil contract provided that Petaco would have a
60 days credit term. As such, the intention behind the letters of credit must
be that the defendants would only be required to make payment on or after the
51st day as this would mean that the defendants could only seek reimbursement
from Petaco approximately 60 days after the bills of lading date if one allows
the bank nine days to do all the checks and processing of the documents.

24 Counsel for the defendants placed a different spin on the background to the
51 days clause. He referred to an affidavit filed by Sang II Suh, the
Executive Director of Petaco, who stated that the 51 days clause was to
“ensure that the gas oil to be supplied would arrive at its destination before
[Nissho Iwai] receives payment.”

25 In my judgment, the explanation given by counsel for the plaintiffs made
more sense. It would make commercial sense to impose a moratorium of 50 days
before requiring the defendants to make payment, as this would only allow the
defendants to seek reimbursement from Petaco sometime after that, which was
consistent with the 60 days term of credit provided for in the underlying
contract. In contrast, Mr Sang’s explanation did not make sense given that it
only takes about 5-6 days at most for the goods to reach Korea from China or
Taiwan (the ports of loading).

26 With the above in mind, I turned again to the 51 days clause and considered
its interpretation given the commercial background. I felt that the definition
of “negotiation” given by counsel for the defendants made more sense. In
particular, if I accepted the plaintiff’s construction, this would mean that
the same problem, which I had highlighted earlier at [18], would surface
again. To recap, the proposed definition did not deal with the situation where
Nissho Iwai personally or through a collecting bank presents the compliance
documents immediately to the defendants. Counsel for the plaintiffs’ reply was
simply that this was a lacuna in the drafting. He also added that it would, in
practice, never create a problem because Nissho Iwai would not present
documents before the 51st day as to do so would result in Nissho Iwai being in
breach of the 60 days credit period of the underlying contract as the
defendants could collect from Petaco before the 60 days were up.

27 I felt that this reply was not completely satisfactory. A letter of credit
is a separate document from the underlying contract. As far as possible, it
should stand by itself. Hence, I felt that the word ‘negotiation’ should be
taken in its banking context, which would simply be the giving of value for
the compliance documents in reliance on the credit. I was fortified in my
conclusion by the case of _Indian Bank v Union Bank of Switzerland_ [1994] 2
SLR 121 where Chao Hick Tin J (as His Honour then was) in delivering the
decision of the Court of Appeal stated that the word ‘negotiation’ must mean
“the purchase of or the giving of value for the stipulated draft and/or
documents in reliance of the credit.” Taking this construction, the 51 days
clause would bar any party (not just a bank authorised to negotiate) from
giving value on the letters of credit. As such, I held that the plaintiffs, by
giving value to Nissho Iwai, had breached the 51 days clause. As an aside, it
should be noted that the same conclusion would be reached even if I had
adopted the definition of the word ‘negotiation’ as provided in UCP 500.

28 However, this just answered the first half of the question as a breach does
not automatically entitle the defendants to refuse making payment. As in all
contracts, the next question to be asked in the event of a breach is what are
the consequences of a breach of the contract? In this respect, I did not agree
with counsel for the defendants that the consequence of the plaintiff’s breach
was that they would be entitled to refuse making payment.

29 I started by examining the principle that when a letter of credit is made
available for negotiation with conditions attached, the conditions stipulated
in the credit have to be strictly complied with by the bank negotiating the
credit before it is entitled to have recourse to the party issuing the credit.
It must be noted that this proposition is applied normally in relation to two
areas only: (1) the documents that must be presented for payment; and (2) time
limits for presentation.

30 In relation to the first area, I have already elaborated on this earlier at
[10] to [11]. I reiterate that the approach our Courts take in relation to
documents is that “each case must be decided on its own merits, however,
having regard to the words used in the letter of credit and the background
circumstances in which the credit was established”: see _Bhojwani v Chung
Khiaw Bank_ at 132. As such, our Courts have resiled in this area from
requiring rigid conformity in all cases.

31 In relation to the second area, which appeared on the face of it,
completely relevant to the issue at hand, the cases state unequivocally that
where a deadline for negotiation is specified in a letter of credit, the
restriction has to be strictly observed by a negotiating bank. This point was
simply put by Chao Hick Tin J (as His Honour then was) in delivering the
judgment of the Court of Appeal in the _Indian Bank v Union Bank of
Switzerland_ [1994] 2 SLR 121 that:

At this juncture, we think we ought to make this observation. Under the letter
of credit, there was a deadline each for shipment and for negotiation. Any
non-compliance with either of those two deadlines would mean that the credit
would not be available to the beneficiary. Because of the incorporation of UCP
400 into the credit terms, a third deadline was added by virtue of art 47,
namely, that the documents must be presented for payment, acceptance or
negotiation within 21 days of the date of issue of bill of lading. Non-
compliance with this deadline would give rise to the same consequence.

32 However, I do not think that the Court of Appeal in the _Indian Bank_ case
intended to lay down a general principle applicable to all timelines. In the
_Indian Bank_ case, it was a term of the letter of credit that negotiation had
to be done **by a specific date**. In such a term, a limitation is placed upon
the obligation of the issuing bank and it provides, at the same time, an
indirect incentive upon the beneficiary and the negotiating bank to perform
their reciprocal obligations with due haste. Hence, where the deadline has
passed, the contract between the parties ends and the issuing bank would no
longer be liable to make payment. In contrast, in the instant case, the 51-day
clause merely **imposed a moratorium** during which negotiation cannot take
place. When the moratorium applied, it did not mean that the contract has
ended. On the contrary, the reverse is the truth. The contract still applied,
although the contractual effect is that the payment obligation of each party
was held in abeyance pending the 51st day.

33 Moving from this premise, where a party attempts to negotiate during the
moratorium, the other party is under no obligation to fulfil his end of the
bargain (although they can choose to make payment if they wish). Thus, where
the negotiating bank seeks reimbursement or the beneficiary presents the
documents directly before the 51st day, the issuing bank is not obliged to
make payment. This does not mean that the issuing bank can necessarily rely
upon the fact that there was an attempt to collect payment to continue to
refuse to make payment once the 51st day has come. After all, payment was
never made. There was no breach.

34 The ingenious argument that counsel for the defendants then raised was that
the breach they were referring to was not the attempt at seeking reimbursement
from the issuing bank. Rather it was the initial negotiation between Nissho
Iwai and the plaintiffs. That breach had already taken place and since it
could not be cured by the plaintiffs, the defendants were now entitled to rely
upon that breach and refuse payment to the plaintiffs. In contrast, where
there was no breach, but only an attempt to collect payment, the beneficiary
upon rejection by the issuing bank can simply try again by presenting the
documents on the 51st day.

35 The fallacy with this argument was that counsel for the defendants had
conflated the breach with the assumption that the 51 days clause made it a
condition precedent to reimbursement that the initial negotiation must have
been done on or after the 51st day such that a breach automatically discharged
the defendants from all further obligations under the contract or
alternatively, that the defendants had no obligation to make payment until and
unless compliance takes place. This approach ignored the possibility that the
51 days clause may merely be a term which, if broken, would give a remedy in
damages, but would not entitle the innocent party to terminate or suspend
their obligations.

36 I turned then to consider whether the 51 days clause was a condition
precedent to reimbursement (as pleaded by the defendants in their defence).
The phrase ‘condition precedent’ is a term of art. It has two alternative
meanings: see _Trans Trust S.P.R.L. v Danubian Trading Co Ltd_ [1952] 2 QB
297. First, it refers to a condition which must be fulfilled before any
binding contract is concluded: see _Mount Elizabeth Health Center Pte Ltd v
Mount Elizabeth Hospital Ltd_ [1993] 1 SLR 1021 and _Computer Supermarkets (S)
Pte Ltd v Goh Chin Soon Ricky and Others_[1997] 3 SLR 501. Second, it refers
to a condition which does not prevent the existence of a binding contract, but
which suspends the performance of it until fulfilment of the condition: see
_Ang Kim Leng v Koh Tze Kad_ [1996] 3 SLR 41 and _Bestland Development Pte Ltd
(in liquidation) v Manit Udomkunnatum_ [1996] 3 SLR 92. It was clear that the
first meaning was not applicable here. Counsel for the defendants was not
contending that the letters of credit were not concluded. Instead, they were
relying upon the second meaning, that the defendants’ obligation to pay was
suspended until the fulfilment of the condition.

37 In this regard, it is clear that the common law has long recognized that
not all the obligations created under a contract are of equal importance.
Further, cases have laid down certain principles applicable to construing a
clause as a condition precedent, which include the following:

(1) It is open to the parties to indicate expressly the consequences to be
attached to any particular breach. Where it is clear as to what they have
agreed, the Court will not be influenced by any suggestion that they would
have been wiser to make a different agreement;

(2) Where the parties have not expressly stated the consequences, the Court
will have to examine the clause to determine whether it is a condition
precedent. In deciding between competing interpretations, the Court will look
to see which interpretation gives the more reasonable result: see _Attica v
Ferrostaal_ [1976] 1 Lloyd’s LR 250;

(3) The fact that a particular construction leads to a very unreasonable
result must be a relevant consideration. The more unreasonable the result, the
more unlikely it is that the parties can have intended it, and if they do
intend it, the more necessary it is that they shall make that intention
abundantly clear: see _L. Schuler A.G. v Wickman Machine Tools_ [1974] AC 235.

(4) It is more likely that a clause is a condition precedent where the term
relates to the whole of the consideration as opposed to where they go only to
a part: see _Cutter v Powell_ (1795) 6 Term Rep 320; and

(5) Where the breach is not likely to give rise to any real loss, that would
militate against construing the provision as a condition precedent: see
_Bayerische Vereinsbank v Bank of Pakistan_ [1997] 1 Lloyd’s LR 59.l.

38 I started by considering the rationale of the 51 days clause. This must be
looked at in the context of the underlying contract. Here, the ill that the
parties must have sought to curb must be the early payment of money by the
defendants for they would then claim from Petaco before the 60 days credit
term. As such, the initial negotiation by Nissho Iwai to the negotiation bank
was something that one would expect not to have featured very importantly to
the parties. This was, of course, assuming that the initial negotiation did
not mean that Petaco would then be expected to reimburse the issuing bank
ahead of the 60 days credit term.

39 Seen in this context, it was easier to construe the meaning of the 51 days
clause. The clause provided that negotiation could not be done before the 51st
day. One view of this was that any early negotiation would result in the
issuing bank’s liability to pay being suspended unless the breach is cured (or
terminated if the breach cannot be cured). However, if this was the true
intention, it should have been made clearer given the draconian consequences
that would follow as a result. In fact, this was not just a case of not making
it clear. Rather, it was a case where there was no indication at all of this
intention. The clause itself just provided that “Negotiation is only allowed
on and after 51 days from bill of lading date…” It cannot be said that this
was a case where parties had unequivocally provided that a particular
stipulation was a condition precedent.

40 Further, there appeared to be no commercial reason why the parties would
possibly want to prevent Nissho Iwai from negotiating the letter of credit to
the plaintiffs. This was especially since the defendants and Petaco would
clearly suffer no prejudice as long as the negotiating bank was not allowed to
present the documents to the defendants until the 51st day.

41 This conclusion was further strengthened by DOCDEX decision 242. As the
legitimacy of the DOCDEX decision was itself in dispute, I will discuss it in
greater depth. DOCDEX is an institution set up by the International Chamber of
Commerce (“ICC”). Its panel includes several experts on international standard
banking practice, who serve to provide impartial and prompt decisions relevant
to letter of credit disputes. The plaintiffs had initiated an inquiry to
DOCDEX in relation to the instant dispute. The defendants were informed, but
they declined to participate. The plaintiffs supplied all the relevant
documents to the panel of experts who did not request for any supplemental
documents.

42 Counsel for the defendants contended that I should not place any weight on
the DOCDEX decision because they did not participate in it. Further, there was
a possibility of bias given that the plaintiffs’ expert witness, Mr Collyer,
was and still is the technical adviser to the ICC Banking Commission. I was
not convinced by counsel for the defendants’ arguments that no weight should
be placed on the DOCDEX decision. Mr Collyer’s affidavit clearly stated that
he was not involved in the decision. Similarly, ICC issued a letter confirming
that Mr Collyer had no involvement in the final review. However, I did take
into account the fact that the DOCDEX decision was reached on essentially an
ex parte basis as the defendants had chosen not to participate. Nevertheless,
I felt that the DOCDEX decision would have some persuasive value and treated
it as such.

43 I turn then to the DOCDEX decision. In relation to the question posed as to
“whether the cited [51 days clause] has any consequence on the [defendants’]
obligation to reimburse the [plaintiffs]”, DOCDEX stated:

“44. In all four L/Cs, the [plaintiffs] reports having received documents from
[Nissho Iwai] prior to the 51st day from shipment and having advanced monies
under a funding arrangement between the [plaintiffs] and [Nissho Iwai]. Such
funding and financing arrangements are outside the scope of the UCP and are
independent, in the sense of UCP Article 3, of the L/C.

45\. However, in all four L/C, the [plaintiffs] sent documents to the
[defendants] no earlier than 51 days after the date of shipment. In each of
its initial notices of refusal, the [defendants] notes the Date of Utilization
as the same date as the [plaintiffs’] cover letter remitting the documents
which is a minimum 51 days after the date of shipment. Accordingly, the
[defendants] received complying documents on or after 51 days from the date of
shipping.

…

47\. The Experts agree that such a clause would bind the [defendants] to
reimburse the [plaintiffs] on the designated earliest day (the “on or after
day”) if complying documents are received prior to that date and to reimburse
at sight if complying documents are received after that date.

48\. _The Experts do not find that an independent funding arrangements [sic]
between the [Nissho Iwai] and the [plaintiffs] creates a discrepancy nor does
it relieve the [defendants] of its L/C obligations as issuing bank_.”

[Underlining mine]

44 This conclusion echoed my earlier holding. It similarly stated that the
clause would only entitle the defendants to refuse making payment before the
51st day. Further, it noted that “an independent funding arrangements [sic]”
did not relieve the defendants of its payment obligation. As such, in my
judgment, it would not be appropriate to treat the 51 days clause as
introducing a condition precedent to an issuing bank’s right to reimbursement.
All that the 51 days clause provided the defendants was the right to refuse
payment prior to the 51st day. Once that day has come and gone, then provided
that the letters of credit were still valid, the defendants must make payment
upon presentation of the compliance documents. If the defendants suffered any
loss by the plaintiff’s early negotiation of the documents, then they would be
entitled to recover it by way of a claim for damages, but counsel for the
defendants was unable to show me any loss that they have suffered or were
likely to suffer. Additionally, the fact that no loss was likely to be
suffered was not a good reason for treating the 51 days clause as a condition
precedent. On the contrary, it stood for the reverse, especially since parties
had not stated otherwise in clear words.

45 I should add that I did not consider the last possible meaning ascribed to
the term ‘condition precedent’, which is of a condition, breach of which
entitles the innocent party to treat the contract as at an end. This variation
in meaning is used only in the older cases and is not applicable today: see
_Kim Lewison_ , The Interpretation of Contracts, London, Sweet & Maxwell 2004.
Instead, if that was the intended meaning, the applicable wording is either ‘a
breach of a condition’ or ‘a breach going to the root of the contract’. Since
neither of these was pleaded in the amended defence, I do not need to consider
them. Further, even if they were pleaded, I did not see how they can stand up
to close examination for the exact same reasons that I held that the 51 days
clause was not a condition precedent. The parties have not expressly agreed
that the clause was a condition, neither can it be said that it must be so by
necessary implication: see _Antaios Compania Naviera SA v Salen Rederierna AB_
[1985] AC 191, _Lombard North Central Plc v Butterworth_ [1987] QB 527, _Bunge
Corp v Tradax Export SA_ [1981] 1 WLR 711, _Barber v NWS Bank plc_ [1996] 1
WLR 641 and _BS & N Ltd v Micado Shipping Ltd_ [2001] 1 Lloyd’s LR 341.
Similarly, I failed to see how the breach of the 51 days clause goes to the
‘root of the contract’ or deprived the defendants of substantially the whole
benefit which it was the intention of the parties as expressed in the contract
that he should obtain as the consideration for reimbursing the plaintiffs: see
_Hong Kong FIR Shipping Co Ltd v Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd_ [1962] 2 QB 26.

_(3) Misrepresentation_

46 The last ground that the defendants raised to object to summary judgment
was that of misrepresentation. This ground stemmed from the fact that each of
the cover letters accompanying the plaintiffs’ request for reimbursement to
the defendants bore a date that had been altered to reflect the 51st day.
Furthermore, the letter contained a statement “we certify that all terms and
conditions of the credit have been complied with.”

47 The defendants’ argument ran along the lines that they had relied upon the
statement and believed that negotiation took place on the 51st day. Hence,
they were unaware of the breach of the 51 days clause at the time when they
sent their Notices of Rejection. On this basis, the defendants contended that
they had suffered loss as they could now not rely upon this breach to refuse
to make payment as it was not stated in their Notices of Rejection. As such,
they contend that the tort of deceit was made out.

48 In response, counsel for the plaintiffs agreed for the purposes of the
Order 14 hearing to waive any rights that they may have to object to the
defendants’ reliance on breach. Further, counsel for both parties recognised
that this defence did not in itself create a right for the defendants to avoid
making payment and that it was intrinsically linked to the breach of the 51
days clause. Hence, counsel for the defendants agreed that they would not be
relying on this defence at this juncture. In any case, this point did not
create a triable issue given my holding that the breach of the 51 days clause
did not entitle them to refuse making payment.

**Conclusion**

49 The law on summary judgment is clear. Judgment should only be awarded
against the defendants if it is absolutely clear and there is no reasonable
doubt whatsoever that they have no defence in the action. In particular,
judgment should not be granted where there is a serious conflict as to matters
of fact or any real difficulty as to a matter of law or when the case involves
complex issues of fact and law. All that the defence needs to show is a
triable issue or question or that for some other reason there ought to be a
trial. In this case, I saw no such triable issue. The defendants were not
entitled to rely on either the alleged discrepancies or the breach of the 51
days clause to refuse payment. Hence, there was no triable issue or question.
Further, I saw no other reason why this matter should not be disposed of at
this stage. The questions raised are all matters of law. Even if leave to
defend was granted, I do not see how going to trial would shed any additional
light on this matter. The defendants were not alleging that there was a
collateral contract or that there was an oral agreement not reflected in the
letters of credit. Instead, all that the parties were disputing was the
interpretation of a particular clause or the nature of discrepancies. In such
circumstances, it would be most expedient for all parties if this matter was
dealt with at this juncture. Given the above, I ordered judgment in favour of
the plaintiffs and made orders as to costs. I would like to record my
appreciation to Mr Toh and Mr Manoj, counsel for both parties for their able
assistance on this case.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Apr 2000 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

