Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Rupchand Bhojwani Sunil v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGHC 17

Case Number | : | MA 184/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 03 February 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Peter Keith Fernando (Leo Fernando) for appellant; James E Lee (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Rupchand Bhojwani Sunil — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mitigation – Whether judge must consider
all mitigating factors not pleaded by accused or appellant  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Offence of
cheating where amount involved large – Whether custodial sentence necessary –
When fine appropriate  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Offences
involving misuse of Internet – Factors to be considered when imposing sentence  
  

3 February 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was an appeal from the decision of the district judge when she
convicted the appellant on four charges. Of these four charges, one charge
related to an offence of cheating, punishable under s 417 of the Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”). The other three charges related to the
appellant’s failure to submit changes of particulars to the Registrar of
Companies and Businesses, as required under s 12(1) of the Business
Registration Act (Cap 32, 2001 Rev Ed) (“BRA”) (an offence punishable under s
23(b) BRA). Additionally, two charges for a breach of s 12(1) BRA were taken
into consideration and one charge for an offence of cheating punishable under
s 420 PC was withdrawn. The appellant was granted a discharge amounting to an
acquittal on this withdrawn charge. The appellant was sentenced to 12 months’
imprisonment and forfeiture of his computer in relation to the cheating charge
and fined $4,000 for each of the three BRA charges, in default of which four
weeks’ imprisonment per charge would be imposed. The appellant appealed only
against the imprisonment sentence imposed in respect of the cheating charge.
At the end of the hearing, I allowed the appeal and reduced the term of
imprisonment to six months. I now give my reasons.

**The facts**

2 The appellant (“Sunil”) had downloaded the website of Power & Motion Control
Pte Ltd (“PMC”) onto his own website, EconSingapore. This was a fact unknown
to PMC and the victim, one Kevyan-Alf, a managing director of M/s Kevyan-Alf &
Co, a company based in Tehran, Iran. Sometime in December 2002, Kevyan-Alf
placed an order for Vickers Cartridge Kits through the website of PMC.
However, Sunil was able to access Kevyan-Alf’s order form. He used the
particulars from Kevyan-Alf’s order form to correspond with Kevyan-Alf. Sunil
falsely represented to Kevyan-Alf that his company, the fictitious Universal
Computers, was an agent of the sole distributor of Vickers products in
Singapore and that he would be able to supply the Vickers Cartridge Kits for
the sum of US$42,000 (equivalent to S$73,428.60).

3 Kevyan-Alf agreed to Sunil’s representation and transferred the sum of
US$42,000 to Sunil’s Standard Chartered Foreign Currency Account _via_
telegraphic transfer. However, Sunil did not deliver the Vickers Cartridge
Kits.

4 Sunil’s scam was discovered and he was charged for committing an offence of
cheating. Sunil pleaded guilty to the charge at an open court hearing before
the district judge on 8 October 2003. He entered a plea in mitigation on 10
October 2003. The mitigation focused on the fact that Sunil had made full
restitution prior to pleading guilty, had pleaded guilty and was a first
offender. The Prosecution, however, contended that the amount of money
involved was large, that the victim was a foreigner and that a sophisticated
scheme was employed.

**The decision below**

5 The district judge imposed the maximum imprisonment sentence of 12 months
under s 417 PC. In deciding on the sentence, the district judge took three
factors into account. First, she agreed that Sunil had employed a
sophisticated scheme that involved a degree of planning and information
technology (“IT”) skill to commit the offence. This, the district judge found,
was an aggravating factor.

6 Second, the district judge noted that the amount involved was large. In this
regard, she noted that the larger the amount dishonestly misappropriated, the
greater the culpability of the offender and the more severe the sentence of
the court. She relied on the holding in the case of _Wong Kai Chuen Philip v
PP_ [1990] SLR 1011 in arriving at this conclusion.

7 Third, and, as the district judge emphasised, most importantly, the offence
involved the misuse of the Internet environment. The district judge expressed
concern that the Internet was a particularly open and vulnerable platform
where crimes were easy to commit, but their detection and investigation
difficult. The district judge referred to the case of _Tay Kim Kuan v PP_
[2001] 3 SLR 567 when she made this point.

8 Additionally, the district judge emphasised that commerce on the Internet
required special protection as a growing and lucrative medium of business. She
opined that as Singapore developed as a global commercial centre, it was vital
that the e-commerce environment was kept secure and that breaches were viewed
with seriousness. In respect of this point, the district judge relied on
_dicta_ in _PP v Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal Luddin_ [2000] 1 SLR 34. That
case involved a young respondent who had hacked into computer systems. In
emphasising the need for a sentence that reflected the objective of general
deterrence, I had stated in that case that the anti-social conduct displayed
by the respondent in _Muhammad Nuzaihan_ not only undermined public and
international confidence in the commercial integrity and viability of our
computer systems, but also gravely compromised Singapore’s efforts to position
itself as a global e-commerce hub. The district judge censured Sunil’s conduct
in this regard, and emphasised that he had damaged the reputation and standing
of PMC by his deception.

9 Finally, the district judge stated that the mitigating factors brought up by
Sunil had to be balanced against considerations of public interest. She stated
that public interest, in this case, involved the need to deter other like-
minded individuals who may be tempted to subvert the e-commerce environment.
Additionally, there was a need to signal to the international commercial
community that the Internet environment was an important medium for business,
the safety and security of which was jealously guarded by the local courts. In
this regard, the district judge held that the maximum imprisonment sentence of
12 months was necessary and sentenced Sunil accordingly.

10 In imposing this maximum sentence, the district judge relied on the
judgment in _Sim Gek Yong v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 537. There, I had stated that the
court ought to impose a maximum sentence whenever the nature of the offence
and the circumstances so warranted it, as opposed to restricting such
sentences to the “worst case imaginable”. In this respect, a range of conduct
had to be identified and the maximum sentence would be imposed on the most
serious instances of the offence in question.

**Sunil’s appeal against sentence**

11 Essentially, Sunil made several points in contending that the sentence
imposed was manifestly excessive. He appealed for the imprisonment sentence of
12 months to be substituted with a fine, or in the alternative, with a short
custodial sentence and a fine. I observed each of Sunil’s arguments and dealt
with them accordingly.

**_Argument 1: Sunil had made full restitution, showing remorse._**

**_Argument 2: This was a one-off offence and not a series of offences in
which a public institution had been deceived._**

**_Argument 3: Sunil had no antecedents._**

12 Here, Sunil argued that the district judge had not fully appreciated or
given sufficient consideration to the various mitigating factors he had raised
at trial. However, I noted that the district judge had indeed taken into
account the fact that Sunil had made full restitution, had no antecedents and
had pleaded guilty at the first opportunity. The district judge had also
emphasised that such mitigating factors were to be balanced against
considerations of public interest.

13 It is true that from the district judge’s grounds of decision alone, it was
difficult to identify the weight that had been attached to the fact that Sunil
had made full restitution and had no antecedents. The district judge had
mentioned these mitigating factors in passing when she balanced them against
the specified considerations of public interest. To that extent, the grounds
of decision were not highly elaborate. However, a lack of elaboration, without
more, did not mean that the district judge had not considered these mitigating
factors when arriving at her decision. To that extent, I disagreed with
Sunil’s suggestions.

14 As for the point that the offence was one-off and that a public institution
was not deceived, the trial notes of evidence and the written plea in
mitigation (prepared for the trial) did not indicate that this point was
brought up at the time of the trial. As such, Sunil’s argument that the
district judge did not give this point sufficient consideration was not
tenable. Instead, I found that the district judge had probably already given
sufficient consideration to this fact among others when she engaged in the
balancing exercise between the mitigating factors pleaded and the specified
public interest considerations.

15 At this juncture, it is necessary to understand that it would not be
plausible to expect a judge to lay out every possible mitigating factor on the
facts, especially where these factors were not argued by an appellant (or an
accused for that matter). This would be tantamount to expecting a judge to
function as defence counsel for a represented accused. Accordingly, I rejected
Sunil’s arguments in this regard.

_**Argument 4: The district judge had placed undue reliance on the fact that
the offence “was a fairly sophisticated one which took a degree of planning
and IT skill”. This was a case of simple deception and nothing more.**_

_**Argument 5: The district judge had placed too much emphasis on the fact
that the offence involved the misuse of the Internet environment.**_

_**Argument 6: Although the offence was committed by the misuse of the
Internet, the nature of the offence committed by its misuse was not one in
which detection and investigation were difficult.**_

**_Argument 7: The district judge had misapplied the dicta in the cases of Tay
Kim Kuan_ _and Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal Luddin._**

16 I have provided a summary of the appellant’s next four arguments in the
headings above. When I considered these arguments in total, I found that Sunil
had a credible case. It is true that a substantial part of the district
judge’s decision revolved around her opinion on the manner in which the
cheating offence took place – the district judge had placed heavy emphasis on
the fact that this case involved the misuse of the Internet environment.
However, on the facts, I found that this case was essentially one of cheating
_simpliciter_ in accordance with the meaning of cheating as attributed to it
in s 415 PC.

17 It was clear that Sunil had used the information he had gathered from
Kevyan-Alf’s order form (submitted to the PMC website) in order to cheat
Kevyan-Alf. There was evidence that there was further correspondence between
Sunil and Kevyan-Alf before the telegraphic transfer of the US$42,000. At
most, Sunil’s act of downloading the PMC website into his own website was
incidental to the commission of the offence of cheating, as opposed to being a
substantial aspect of the offence itself. There was no evidence to show that
Sunil had downloaded the PMC website in order to cheat Kevyan-Alf.

18 It is probable, however, that Sunil had performed the initial download with
an intention to commit some form of offence at some later point. However, the
Prosecution did not prove this. In fact, the charge itself did not state the
fact of misuse of the Internet environment or the downloading of the PMC
website in its particularisation of the offence committed. I replicate the
charge below:

DAC 043538/2003:

You, Rupchand Bhojwani Sunil M/45 yrs old NRIC No: S2170627-B date of birth:
9-6-1958 are charged that you, sometime in the month of December 2002, in
Singapore and elsewhere, did cheat one Kevyan-Alf, a Managing Director of M/s
Kevyan-Alf & Co, a company based in Tehran, Iran into believing that you are
able to supply his company with new genuine Vickers Cartridge Kits, when you
knew it was not true, and by such manner of deception, you dishonestly induced
the said Kevyan-Alf to remit a sum of USD$42,000 (equivalent to Singapore
Dollar $73,428.60) by means of telegraphic transfer to your Standard Chartered
Foreign Currency Account, at No: 370 Alexandra Road, Singapore, which the said
Kevyan-Alf would not have done had he not been so deceived and you have
thereby committed an offence of cheating punishable under Section 417 of the
Penal Code, Chapter 224.

20 Additionally, I was unable to entirely agree with the district judge’s
opinion on the level of sophistication of the Internet misuse involved. There
was no evidence that there was a high level of IT skill and planning involved
behind the downloading of the PMC website. Without more, I could not conclude
that Sunil’s act was as sophisticated as the district judge had made it out to
be.

21 Further, the district judge’s opinion on the difficulty of detection and
investigation resulting from Internet misuse was not a crucial point to a
decision on the charge. At most, difficulty in detection and investigation
could be an aggravating factor against an accused. However, in this case, as
Sunil had argued, the offence was one of simple deception. Detection and
investigation would therefore not have been as difficult as made out by the
district judge because Sunil had actually communicated directly with Kevyan-
Alf.

22 Sunil had also argued that the district judge had misapplied the _dicta_ in
the cases of _Tay Kim Kuan_ and _Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal Luddin_. Although
I disagreed that there was misapplication of _dicta_ on the part of the
district judge, I found that she had overstated the point regarding Internet
misuse. Although the district judge’s application of the _dicta_ with regard
to a general issue of Internet misuse was accurate, the _reasoning_ behind the
decision in _Tay Kim Kuan_ and _Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal Luddin_ may not
have been applicable on the facts of this appeal.

23 _Tay Kim Kuan_ involved an appellant who had sexual intercourse with an
underaged girl whom he had met over the Internet. There, a deterrent sentence
was imposed on the appellant. Although that case involved a misuse of Internet
resources in the commission of a crime, the reasoning behind the deterrent
sentence there was the protection of the young and gullible from the perils of
the Internet, in the form of unscrupulous people who hid their true identities
and remained faceless while boldly preying on such young people.

24 This was not the prevailing concern in the present appeal. Although, on the
facts, a misuse of the Internet environment had occurred, the concerns here
were different from those in _Tay Kim Kuan_. This appeal involved an offence
of cheating and not of sex abuse facilitated by Internet use. As such, the
reasoning in _Tay Kim Kuan_ ran at a tangent to that in this appeal. Although
some of the _Tay Kim Kuan_ issues involving Internet abuse was useful in order
to understand the stance courts would take in pure Internet misuse cases, this
same stance should not be applied _carte blanche_ in every instance where an
Internet or computer resource is misused, without first looking at the role
such misuse played in the commission of the offence in question. In this
appeal, the role of such misuse was peripheral. As such, the reasoning in _Tay
Kim Kuan_ cannot be applied directly to the set of facts in this appeal.

25 Likewise, the case of _Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal Luddin_ involved a
breach of ss 3(1), 5(1) and 6(1)(a) of the Computer Misuse Act (Cap 50A, 1998
Rev Ed). The offences committed by the respondent in that case involved
unauthorised access to computer materials, unauthorised modification of the
contents of a computer and unauthorised access to a computer service. A
comparison of the facts of _Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal Luddin_ and the
current appeal clearly disclosed a large disparity in the nature of the
offences committed. _Muhammad Nuzaihan bin Kamal Luddin_ involved pure
computer misuse, as opposed to the cheating offence in this appeal.

26 As such, I found that the district judge, although not wrong in emphasising
the need to control Internet misuse by imposing deterrent sentences in the
appropriate cases, had over-emphasised the fact of Internet misuse in this
instance. Therefore, the reasoning process towards her decision adopted
conclusions and considerations from cases that were not directly applicable
here. As a result, her decision did not take into account the fact that this
was a case of pure cheating, with the slight involvement of Internet misuse
along the way. As such, I found that although the district judge was correct
in convicting Sunil on the charge, she had imposed a sentence that was
manifestly excessive.

27 Having found that there were sufficient reasons for me to alter the
sentence that had been imposed on Sunil, I also noted that Sunil had pleaded
for the 12-month imprisonment sentence to be substituted with a fine. I could
not allow this plea. In some cases, a particular sentence is deemed
appropriate in order to relay a particular message. To state the obvious, a
sentence should never relay a message that would suggest that it would be
worthwhile to commit a crime. For instance, such a situation could arise if
the punishment imposed were not sufficient in its severity to deter future
similar offences.

28 Likewise, when a court is faced with a charge of cheating involving a sum
of money akin to that in this appeal, it has to impose a sentence that has the
potential to deter future similar offences. In that respect, a fine, though
appropriate in other situations, would not have a deterrent effect in cases
that are similar to this appeal. A potential offender should never be afforded
the opportunity to ponder that he could cheat others of large sums of money
and still “get away lightly” by being fined up to only a certain statutory
limit. The criminal law should never become a “business” of sorts.

29 At this juncture, I felt it would be useful to refer to the case of _Lim
Choon Kang v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 927. That case involved cheating on a company
share transaction. In that case, I rejected the appellant’s plea for a fine
instead of a custodial sentence and mentioned the following at 928–929:

In my view, fines instead of custodial sentences can be imposed where the
amounts involved are not of great magnitude or consequence, but when the
operation smacks of something on a considerable scale, a custodial sentence
must necessarily follow. … I think it should also be remembered that
prosecutions for such offences normally take place in the district courts in
which a district judge’s power to fine is presently limited to only $10,000.
People who are minded to commit such offences of multiple share applications
on a substantial scale must be discouraged from thinking that, if they are
caught, they can simply surrender their ill-gotten gains and the worst that
will then happen to them will be a fine of $10,000. For them, there must now
be a custodial sentence.

30 I think the reasoning in _Lim Choon Kang_ would apply in this appeal as
well. As such, I felt that it was appropriate for a custodial sentence to be
imposed on Sunil. I was left to decide on the length of this term of
imprisonment. For the reasons I have stated, I found that a 12-month
imprisonment sentence was manifestly excessive. As such, having regard to the
circumstances in this case, especially the sum of money involved and the
manner in which the offence was committed, I found that an imprisonment
sentence of six months would be more appropriate.

31 I accordingly allowed the appeal on sentence and reduced the term of
imprisonment from 12 months to six months. Sunil also requested for this
imprisonment term of six months to commence after the Chinese New Year
holidays. He mentioned that his wife was Chinese and that he wished to be with
his family during the festive holidays. I saw no adverse reasons to disallow
him some time with his family. I extended his bail and allowed the sentence to
commence on 26 January 2004.

Appeal against sentence allowed. Sentence reduced to six months.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 03 Feb 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

