Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Kok Koon v Tan JinHwee Eunice and Lim ChooEng (a firm)  
[2004] SGCA 9

Case Number | : | CA 106/2003/Z, NM 121/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 18 March 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; MPH Rubin J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Allan Tan Chwee Wan (JHT Law Corporation) for appellant; Vinodh Coomaraswamy and David Chan (Shook Lin and Bok) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Lim Kok Koon — Tan JinHwee Eunice and Lim ChooEng (a firm)   
  
Civil Procedure – Appeals – Notice – Judge giving order on merits and costs on
same day – Judge agreeing to hear further arguments on costs alone – Whether
order on merits suspended – Whether appellant filing Notice of Appeal out of
time  
  

18 March 2004

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 By way of a motion, the respondent, Tan JinHwee Eunice & Lim ChooEng, (“the
firm”) who was the defendant in the action below instituted by the appellant,
Lim Kok Koon (“LKK”), sought to have LKK’s notice of appeal set aside on the
ground that the notice was filed out of time. The appeal of LKK was against a
High Court decision dismissing his claim against the firm in relation to a
fraud committed by a person who was at the material time a partner of the
firm.

2 While at the conclusion of the hearing of the motion we were in agreement
with the arguments of the firm that the notice was filed out of time, we
nevertheless made no order on the motion and instead granted LKK’s oral
application for an extension of time to file the Notice of Appeal out of time
and thus regularised the notice filed. We now give our reasons why we
disagreed with the submission of LKK and held that the notice was late.

The facts

3 First, let us set out in brief the facts leading to the motion. On 23 May
2003, LKK took out a writ against the firm on the ground of certain alleged
fraud committed by a then partner of the firm. On 19 June 2003, the firm
applied to strike out the writ on the ground that it did not disclose any
reasonable cause of action and/or it was frivolous or vexatious and an abuse
of the process of the court. The application was dismissed by the deputy
registrar. However, on 26 August 2003, the judge in chambers allowed the
appeal and struck out the claim and awarded the firm costs in the sum of
$3,000.

4 The firm was dissatisfied with the sum fixed by the judge as to costs. Thus,
on the very day, the firm wrote in requesting for further arguments only in
relation to the question of costs. On 1 September 2003, apparently to comply
with s 34(1)(c) of the Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed)
(“SCJA”), LKK wrote to the judge asking for her certification that she
required no further arguments.

5 On 2 September 2003, the High Court Registry informed the parties, with
specific reference to the letter of 26 August 2003 from the firm, that the
judge would hear further arguments on 16 September 2003. There was no
reference whatsoever in that notification to the letter of 1 September 2003
from LKK. Neither was there any subsequent response from the Registry to that
letter.

6 At the hearing on 16 September 2003, counsel for the parties submitted only
on the question of costs, at the end of which the judge increased the amount
of costs which she had earlier awarded. Neither party sought to argue on the
merits of the case.

7 On 3 October 2003, the respondent filed an appeal against the whole of the
judgment as if it was given on 16 September 2003.

Issues

8 The issue which arose from the motion was, did the fact that the judge
agreed to hear further arguments on the question of costs mean that the entire
judgment given by the judge on 26 August 2003 was also put on hold? In such a
situation, how should the prescribed one month period to file a notice of
appeal be reckoned?

9 Before we proceed to examine the issues, there is a related point which we
need to address and this arose from LKK’s request of 1 September 2003 to the
judge to certify that she required no further arguments. This request was to
comply with s 34(1)(c) of the SCJA which prescribes that no appeal shall be
brought to the Court of Appeal in relation to an interlocutory order made by a
judge in chambers unless “the judge has certified, on application within 7
days after the making of the order by any party for further argument in court,
that he requires no further argument”.

10 Now, the question is, in relation to the judgment of 26 August 2003, did
LKK require a certification by the judge before he could appeal against it?
The answer to that question would depend on whether the decision made that day
was interlocutory or final. It would appear that there are two tests to
determine the question. One is the “application” test enunciated in _Salaman v
Warner_ [1891] 1 QB 734 (“ _Salaman_ ”) and the other, the “order” test which
was propounded in _Bozson v Altrincham Urban District Council_ [1903] 1 KB 547
(“ _Bozson_ ”). This court reviewed the cases in _Aberdeen Asset Management
Asia Ltd v Fraser & Neave Ltd_ [2001] 4 SLR 441 (“ _Aberdeen Asset_ ”) and was
of the view that the _Bozson_ test seemed more logical. This test, in the
words of Lord Alverstone CJ in _Bozson_ at 548–549, is:

Does the judgment or order, as made, finally dispose of the rights of the
parties? If it does, then … it ought to be treated as a final order; but if it
does not, it is then … an interlocutory order.

11 In fact there is a whole line of decisions of this court which held that
the Bozson test is the appropriate test: see _Tee Than Song Construction Co
Ltd v Kwong Kum Sun Glass Merchant_ [1965–1968] SLR 230; _Rank Xerox
(Singapore) Pte Ltd v Ultra Marketing Pte Ltd_ [1992] 1 SLR 73; _Ling Kee Ling
v Leow Leng Siong (No 2)_ [1996] 2 SLR 438 and _L v L_ [1997] 1 SLR 222.

12 In _Aberdeen Asset_ this court also recognised that the question of whether
an order is interlocutory or final is sometimes not an easy one to decide. But
in so far as the present case is concerned, it would make no difference
whichever test is applied. The result would still be the same. Under the
_Bozson_ test, as the judge’s order was to dismiss the action as disclosing no
reasonable cause of action, it was clearly a final order. Under the _Salaman_
test, as the application was to dismiss the action as disclosing no reasonable
cause of action, the judge was being asked to make nothing less than a final
order.

13 Having said that, it does not follow that just because an order is a final
order a party may not request for further arguments on either the whole
judgment or a part of it. The discretion rests entirely with the judge: see
_Thomson Plaza Pte Ltd v The Liquidators of Yaohan Department Store Pte Ltd_
[2001] 3 SLR 248 at [6] (“ _Thomson Plaza_ ”). In the present case, by
agreeing to hear further arguments as requested by the firm in its letter of
26 August 2003 in relation to the question of costs, the judge was effectively
saying that she was prepared to review her order on costs and to that extent
the order on costs had become suspended until the hearing of further
arguments. It is really no different from the situation where the judge has
ruled that he would hear arguments on costs later.

14 Should it follow that just because the judge agreed to hear the firm’s
request for further arguments on costs the entire order made on 26 August 2003
was suspended? We were unable to see why it should, bearing in mind that the
question of costs was quite distinct from the substantive merits of the case.
It would be different if the request for further argument relates to a point
on merits. This is because if the judge should agree with those arguments he
may have to vary or reverse his earlier decision on the merits. Thus, in that
situation, by agreeing to hear further arguments it must follow that the judge
has agreed to suspend his earlier order on the merits until the further
arguments are concluded.

15 LKK argued that because the judge agreed to hear further arguments on
costs, the entire judgment of 26 August 2003 was suspended, and he relied on
the case of _Thomson Plaza_. In _Thomson Plaza_ , the judge in chambers on 29
November 2000 rejected a creditor’s proof of debt in a company winding up.
Costs were awarded against the creditor. On that very day, the creditor wrote
asking for further arguments on the judge’s decision to reject his claim
against the company. A week later the Registrar informed the parties that the
matter would be fixed for further arguments on 15 January 2001 before the
judge. There, this court said that once the judge agreed to hear further
arguments (at [9]):

… the decision already made would, as a result, be put on hold or suspended
until the hearing of further arguments. … [T]here was really no “decision”
anymore against which an appeal could have been lodged. The whole question
which the court had earlier decided had thereby become “open”.

16 The above statement does not warrant the suggestion that, in relation to
the present case, just because the judge had agreed to hear further arguments
on costs, the decision of the judge on the merits was also thereby suspended.
That statement must be read in the context of the fact situation in _Thomson
Plaza_. How could it be said that just because the judge had in our present
case agreed to review the costs she awarded to the firm that there was no
“decision” against which a notice of appeal could be filed? Indeed, towards
the end of the judgment in _Thomson Plaza_ (at [12]) this court stated:

Once the parties were notified by the Registrar that the judge would hear
further arguments, _all decisions made, to which that request related_ , would
be put on hold. [emphasis added]

To which orders of the court a request for further arguments relates must
necessarily depend on the facts of the case and the nature of the orders.

17 LKK also pointed out that it would be administratively more convenient to
treat the entire judgment of 26 August 2003 as being suspended, otherwise two
notices of appeal might have to be filed. We would make three observations in
this regard. First, convenience can hardly be a sufficient reason to affect
the rights of a successful party. Second, in the context of this case, after
the hearing of further arguments on costs on 16 September 2003, LKK still had
ten days, up to 26 September 2003, to file his notice of appeal against the
entire judgment. Thirdly, if LKK had wanted more time to consider appealing,
he could have, at the hearing on 16 September 2003, asked the judge for an
extension of time to do so. The judge would have the discretion to extend time
provided the application was made before the expiry of the one-month period
from 26 August 2003: see _Chen Chien Wen Edwin v Pearson_ [1991] SLR 578 and
the present O 57 r 17 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed)
(“ROC”).

18 The next point to consider is: Would the fact that on 1 September 2003 LKK
asked the judge for a certification that she required no further arguments
alter the position? Three points may be made here. First, in the light of our
decision above that the order of the judge was not an “interlocutory” order
but a “final” order, there was no need to obtain such a certification. LKK was
entitled to file a notice of appeal forthwith. The second observation is that,
in any case, under O 56 r 2(2) of the ROC, unless the Registrar within 14 days
informs the party making the application that the judge requires further
arguments, the judge shall be deemed to have certified that he requires no
further arguments. Thirdly, in any event, on such a request, whether the judge
certifies that he will not hear further arguments, or there is simply no
reply, the effect will be that the order of the judge stands and any notice of
appeal must be filed within the prescribed time reckoned from the date the
order was first made. Otherwise it would mean that a party could, by just
requesting for further arguments, extend time to file his notice of appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 18 Mar 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

