Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chan Hong Seng Engineering and Construction Pte Ltd v Vatten International
Pte Ltd (No 2)  
[2004] SGHC 241

Case Number | : | Suit 1062/2000, RA 86/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 26 October 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Judith Prakash J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Liam Beng (Drew and Napier LLC) for plaintiff; George Lim and Jinny Tan (Wee Tay and Lim) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Chan Hong Seng Engineering and Construction Pte Ltd — Vatten International Pte Ltd   
  
Damages – Assessment – Damages given to sub-contractor for sub-sub-
contractor's wrongful repudiation of contract – Judgment also given to sub-
sub-contractor for work done by it – Whether certificate issued by contractor
relevant in assessing work done by sub-sub-contractor – Whether deductions to
be made for works allegedly not done by sub-sub-contractor – Assessment of
damages payable to contractor for wrongful repudiation of contract.  
  

26 October 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Judith Prakash J:

**Introduction**

1 This action arose out of a construction project. The main contractor for the
project was Hyundai Engineering & Construction Co Ltd (“Hyundai”). Hyundai
engaged the defendant company, Vatten International Pte Ltd (“Vatten”) as its
sub-contractor for the painting works and Vatten in turn appointed the
plaintiff company, Chan Hong Seng Engrg & Const Pte Ltd (“CHS”) as its main
sub-sub-contractor. CHS did a substantial amount of work but in October 2000,
owing to a dispute between the parties, Vatten called on the bond for $60,000
furnished by CHS. Four days later, on 18 October 2000, Vatten terminated the
sub-contract with CHS alleging it had stopped work. CHS then commenced an
action against Vatten for wrongful termination of contract and Vatten put in a
counterclaim on the basis that CHS had not carried out the works with
reasonable skill and care and had not completed the works before termination.

2 I heard the claim and the counterclaim. I found that CHS had repudiated the
contract by stopping work before completion and that this repudiation had been
accepted by Vatten. It was therefore reasonable for Vatten to hire another
contractor for $275,000 to complete the unfinished work and undertake the
warranty obligations that should have been undertaken by CHS. Vatten was given
interlocutory judgment for damages to be assessed in respect of the incomplete
work. It was also awarded the sum of $31,133.34 in respect of certain painting
works that CHS had not done. Whilst I dismissed most of CHS’s claims, I did
give it judgment in respect of the amount due for work done by it up to 5
October 2000. I ordered that the amount of such work be assessed by the
Registrar.

3 The assessment took place before the Senior Assistant Registrar Thian Yee
Sze. The hearing took several days. There were two main items which had to be
assessed. The first was the amount payable to CHS for work done up to 5
October 2000 and the second was the amount that was payable to Vatten as a
result of the breach of contract by CHS. In respect of the first item, the
senior assistant registrar found that the value of work carried out by CHS up
till end September 2000 was $991,355.53. After deducting previous payments
totalling $855,816.89 and agreed contra charges of $9,613.61, she assessed the
amount payable to CHS for work done up to 5 October 2000 as $125,925.03. In
respect of the second item, the senior assistant registrar started from my
finding that the sum of $275,000 incurred by Vatten in completing the work
left uncompleted by CHS was reasonable. She deducted from this amount the sum
of $89,703.91 which she found on the evidence would have been paid to CHS had
it completed that same work. However, based on my finding that CHS was
contractually obliged to carry out certain spark tests but had not done so and
on certain additional evidence produced during the assessment, the senior
assistant registrar awarded Vatten an additional $85,000 for these tests. She
therefore found that the amount of damages payable by CHS to Vatten was
$270,296.09 (_ie_ , $275,000 + $85,000 - $89,703.91). As Vatten had already
recovered $60,000 from the performance bond furnished by CHS, the senior
assistant registrar deducted that sum and held that the ultimate amount
payable was $210,296.09. She awarded Vatten $18,000 as the costs of the
assessment.

4 CHS appealed against the whole of the decision of the senior assistant
registrar. I heard the appeal on 1 July 2004. The parties put forward detailed
and rather confusing submissions on the correct method of calculation. I could
not make out exactly what they were saying and therefore asked for further
submissions on the points on which they differed. These came in over the next
four weeks. Having studied them I am still not completely sure how the figures
work out. For that reason, in this decision I deal mainly with the points that
have to be decided rather than the actual amounts. Those can be worked out
subsequently on the basis of the findings that I make below.

**The appeal**

**_Value of work done by CHS up to 5 October 2000_**

5 For the purpose of the assessment, CHS adduced the evidence of one Mr Chng
Heng Cheong, a chartered quantity surveyor. Mr Chng gave an expert report on
the value of the work done by CHS based on the documents in the case. He was
not involved in the construction at all. He used various methods to value
CHS’s work. His opinion came under attack because the methods adopted by Mr
Chng were considered to be inconsistent with the indications that I had given
previously in my judgment as to how the work done by CHS was to be assessed.

6 I had said in my judgment delivered on 11 June 2002 ([2002] SGHC 124) at
[111]:

It appears therefore that the damages sustained by Vatten by the plaintiffs’
breach of contract would be the sum of $275,000 less what they would have had
to pay CHS had CHS completed the works. These damages cannot be assessed by me
since there is insufficient evidence of exactly how much work remained to be
done when CHS left the site and what would have been payable for such work.
These items will therefore have to go for assessment. As against the damages
recoverable from CHS, there will have to be set off what was payable to them
for work done up to 5 October 2000. As stated therefore, the assessment will
have to include evidence from Hyundai on what was completed as at end of
September 2002 and a calculation of what was due to the plaintiffs based on
the subcontract rates, as amended, and after deducting the retention amounts
and previous payments made and those contra charges which the plaintiffs have
accepted.

Re-looking at that paragraph and others of my judgment, I do not think that I
meant that the parties were confined simply to Hyundai’s certificates when it
came to the assessment. My intention was to indicate that Hyundai’s
certificates would have to be adduced together with any other evidence there
was available to determine the amount of work that CHS had done before it left
the site. Thus, the person conducting the assessment did not have to be guided
by the certificates alone but could take all the evidence into consideration
when coming to a determination on the matter.

7 Mr Chng’s opinion contained five alternative methods of calculating the
amount of work done by CHS. On the hearing of the appeal, CHS argued that Mr
Chng’s method no 2A should be adopted. This method involved accepting
Hyundai’s certification of the value of work done by the end of September 2000
and adding a further 10% to it on the basis that, for interim certificates and
payments, Hyundai had a practice of undervaluing the amount of work done by
between 10% and 15%. Vatten had no quarrel with using Hyundai’s certificates
as the basis of the calculation. It submitted, however, that no further
percentage should be added as the certificates were themselves the correct
reflection of the amount of work done.

_Should 10% be added to the certified amounts?_

8 The first thing to determine therefore is whether on the balance of
probabilities Hyundai’s certificates reflected the actual amount of work done
or slightly less than that. CHS relied on the evidence given by Hyundai’s Mr
Kim Suk Chul at the trial to the effect that although every month Hyundai’s
quantity surveyors would calculate the amount of work completed during that
month and submit that quantity for payment, subsequently, between 10% and 15%
would be cut from the quantity submitted, even though Hyundai’s measurements
were accepted as accurate, because allowances had to be made for defective
work that might be discovered subsequently. CHS submitted therefore that the
quantities in Hyundai’s certificates to its sub-contractor had been reduced so
that Hyundai did not overpay the sub-contractor at the interim stage. Further,
the 10% under-valuation adopted by Mr Chng was conservative given that the
actual under-valuation was between 10% and 15%. I accept this argument. I
heard Mr Kim’s evidence. He was quite straightforward in admitting that the
certificates issued by Hyundai reflected less than the actual amount of work
completed. On the basis of what he said, it would be reasonable to hold that
the value of the work certified was reduced by at least 10%. Therefore, if
Hyundai’s certificates are used as the basis of the work completed by 5
October 2000, then an additional 10% should be added to those certificates to
reflect the under-valuation practised by Hyundai. In this case, the
certificates issued for the period ending 30 September 2000 are to be used
since that was the date of the measurement closest to the time when CHS
stopped work. Also, CHS did not establish by any other evidence the amount of
work it did between 1 and 5 October 2000 so as allow a valuation of such
additional work.

_How much should be deducted from the certified amounts?_

9 As I read the submissions by both parties, they appear to agree that based
on Hyundai’s valuation of the architectural works, as at 30 September 2000,
the value of those works was $680,340.83 and based on its valuation of the
civil works at the same date, the value of those works was $479,492.06. These
figures exclude the extra 10%. On this basis, the total value of work done as
at 30 September 2000 was $1,159,832.89. At the assessment, Vatten contended
that the total value of work was less than that, but on appeal, it accepted
$1,159,832.89 as the starting point. The complication comes in because Vatten
says that a further sum of $148,481.16 ought to be deducted from CHS’s
figures. Of that amount, CHS accepts a deduction of $123,992.91 being the
value of painting work carried out by other sub-contractors in respect of
three areas, namely the GRC fins, the digesters and the Chemical store (I
shall refer to these three items as “the excluded works”). CHS does not accept
this further deduction of $24,488.25.

10 Vatten justified the additional deduction of $24,488.25 as follows. First,
it said, certain items amounting to $20,385.17 had not been done by CHS.
Secondly, CHS had used the wrong rates in calculating the value of some of the
work it had done.

11 Dealing first with the items that Vatten said CHS had not done, these
comprised textural painting to the sludge processing building valued at
$11,614.26, painting of the timber sliding door valued at $229.50, and
textural painting of the inlet wall of the administrative building valued at
$8,541.41. Vatten pointed out that during cross-examination at the assessment
hearing, Mr Lim Chap Heng of Vatten had testified that apart from the excluded
works, there were other items of work that CHS had failed to do. Further, in
October 2000, CHS had carried out a valuation of the works it had done up to
18 October 2000 and had sent this valuation to Vatten on 27 October 2000.
These disputed items had been left out of that valuation. Finally, Mr Chng had
agreed that there were no contractual rates agreed between Vatten and CHS for
the disputed items and explained that he had calculated the value of these
works by using rates that were 15% lower than those agreed between Vatten and
Hyundai. As no rates had been agreed, Vatten submitted that these works were
clearly not part of the contract between itself and CHS and had not been
carried out by CHS.

12 To refute those arguments, CHS relied on Mr Lim’s testimony at the trial
when he agreed that there were only three additional jobs not done by CHS,
namely the excluded works. CHS pointed out that Mr Lim did not adduce any
evidence at trial to show that there were other items of work that had not
been done by CHS. Further, Vatten’s valuation had omitted certain matters that
it had previously agreed to. In its certification of CHS’s works in December
1999, Vatten had accepted that CHS had carried out certain textural painting
of the sludge processing building. Also, Hyundai had certified additional
painting works done by CHS in its September 2000 certification but these
additional painting works had been omitted from Vatten’s valuation. Whilst
Vatten had been able to give details of the persons engaged by it to effect
the excluded works, it had not given similar details of the other contractors
employed to do the disputed items.

13 CHS, as the party claiming payment, has the onus of proving that it has
indeed done the work for which it claims. In my view, it has only discharged
this onus in respect of the claim for textural painting to the sludge
processing building as Vatten’s December 1999 certification shows its
acceptance that such work had been done by CHS. As regards the other two
items, CHS has not discharged this onus as it has not adduced either oral
evidence that it did this work or documentary evidence of the same. Rather,
the documentary evidence adduced tends to belie CHS’s stand. In October 2000,
it sent Vatten a claim for the balance due in respect of all the work it had
done. It claimed that the total value of this work was in excess of $1.39m. A
detailed schedule of the work done and the value of each item of work was
forwarded with the claim. The two items in question were not included in this
claim. CHS explained this omission as being due to the inadvertence of its
previous expert, Mr Francis Teo, who had prepared the claim. The question is
why Mr Teo made the mistake. If there was evidence of this work having been
done, it would have been before Mr Teo and included in the claim and it would
have been before the court. There is, however, no contemporaneous document
showing that the work was done unlike in the case of the sludge processing
building work which was also left out of the October 2000 claim. There was
also no agreed rate for the items in question. I do not accept that the
valuation prepared by Mr Lim and annexed to his affidavit dated 1 August 2003
is an admission that such work was done. When Mr Lim was asked about the
incomplete work at the trial, the question was very specific. He was asked
whether he agreed that CHS had not done three additional jobs, _ie_ , the
excluded works. Mr Lim agreed. It was not put to him that all the other works
had been done by CHS nor was he asked specifically about whether CHS had
completed the three items that are now disputed. Accordingly, I hold that CHS
has only proved that it did the first item. That item, according to Vatten’s
December 1999 certification, was worth $10,814.07. I will allow that but the
sum claimed for the other two items must be deducted from the value of CHS’s
work.

14 The second factor contributing to the difference of $24,488.26 was the
allegedly incorrect rate used by CHS in some of its calculations. There are
two aspects to this second factor. First, there is a difference of $940.76
between CHS’s calculation and that of Vatten in relation to the application of
acrylic emulsion paint to internal plastered walls of the sludge processing
building. Vatten pointed out that during the trial I had held that the rate
for such work should be $2.34 per unit whereas in his calculation, Mr Chng had
used a rate of $2.64 per unit for this work. In its reply submissions, CHS
admitted that Mr Chng had used the wrong rate and agreed that the amount of
$940.76 be deducted from the value of its work. Accordingly, I so hold.

15 The second rate that was allegedly wrong was the rate of $4 which CHS used
for the preparation and application of one coat of primer and one finishing
coat to internal metal sections. Vatten contended that the correct rate was
$3.60 as this rate was based on the quotation given by CHS on 11 June 1996. In
this quotation, the rate for preparing and applying primer to metal sections
was $2/m². The rate for preparing and applying two coats of finishing paint
was agreed at $3.20/m². Therefore the rate for applying one finishing coat
should be $1.60/m² and when this was added to the rate for applying primer,
the total rate would be $3.60. Vatten contended that the difference of $0.40
in the rates meant that CHS had overcharged by a sum of $3,162.33.

16 In response, CHS submitted that the rate of $4 had been used by it since
May 1999 as shown in the document at p 170 of the agreed bundle. Vatten had
not objected to that rate at that time. CHS further submitted that it was not
correct to argue that because the rate for the application of two coats of
paint was $3.20, the rate for the application of one coat must be $1.60. In
any item of work there would be some element of fixed costs, for example,
mobilisation costs that would not change regardless of whether one or two
coats of paint were applied. As such the cost of one coat of paint would not
necessarily be half of the cost of two coats of paint. I accept CHS’s
submissions on this point. As the rate of $4 had been used previously by CHS
without objection, I do not accept the current objection to the rate. There
should not be any deduction from the value of the work on this account.

_Conclusion on value of work as at 5 October 2000_

17 In accordance with my findings above, the value of the work done by CHS as
at 5 October 2000 must be recalculated. The parties should start out with the
figure of $1,159,832.89 and deduct from that the values of the items of work
that were not done by CHS (as conceded by CHS and as found by me in this
judgment) but were included in the valuation and also the sum of $940.76. The
resulting figure should then be increased by 10% in order to reflect the
under-valuation practised by Hyundai.

**_Damages payable to Vatten_**

18 To obtain the figure representing the damages incurred by Vatten, it is
necessary to determine the cumulative value of all works done by CHS and all
works that CHS should have completed but instead were completed by the
substitute contractor employed by Vatten, Tech-3 International (“Tech-3”). At
the assessment, CHS submitted that if it had carried out its obligations under
the contract, the final value of the works would have been $1,482,701.38.
However, as CHS did not do the excluded works, a sum of $186,346.70 had to be
deducted from this figure giving a final value of $1,296,354.68. Vatten, on
the other hand, submitted that a sum of $384,380.70 (which figure included the
value of the excluded works) ought to be deducted from CHS’s figures and that,
accordingly, the value of the works which would have been carried out by CHS
if it had not breached the contract would be $1,098,320.68. There is therefore
a difference of $199,401.99 between the parties’ figures.

19 This difference of $199,401.99 arose from seven differences in calculation.
Some of these matters I have already dealt with above but for clarity I will
enumerate each and deal with each in turn.

_Items allegedly not done by CHS_

20 The first difference arises from the items of work that Vatten alleged CHS
had not done. I have dealt with these in [11], [12] and [13] above and my
findings there apply to this part of the appeal as well.

_Items for which the wrong rate has been charged_

21 The first item in this category is the rate for the painting of the
internal metal sections. That is dealt with in [16] above.

22 The second item in this category relates to the painting of the doors of
the size 1,010mm W x 2,180mm H. CHS applied a rate of $37.50 for these doors
whereas Vatten submitted that the applicable rate was only $10 as reflected in
CHS’s quotation of 12 December 1998. In response, CHS pointed out that in a
valuation prepared in June 2003 for the assessment, Mr Lim had used the rate
of $37.50. As this rate was not disputed at the assessment, it should be
accepted by the court. Additionally, it appeared from Mr Lim’s affidavit that
Vatten was charging Hyundai at the rate of $39 for this item. As Vatten
pointed out, however, it was not part of CHS’s case during the trial that the
rate was varied. Accordingly, CHS was, in my view, bound by the rate that it
had quoted to Vatten and that had been accepted by Vatten. The fact that
Vatten was able to persuade Hyundai to accept a vastly inflated rate for the
same item cannot, unfortunately for CHS, justify its charging more than the
contracted rate. Accordingly, a deduction of $1,952.50 must be made in respect
of this item.

_Items allegedly commissioned after October 2000_

23 Vatten gave details of a number of work items which it said were additional
works commissioned by Hyundai after October 2000 and carried out by other sub-
contractors since CHS was no longer on site. These works had been included in
the final certificate issued by Hyundai but it submitted that CHS should not
be allowed to take credit for the same since CHS had not done these works. The
total value of these works was put at $88,222.78.

24 CHS agreed that the specified works were additional works that had not been
within its original scope of work. However, it submitted that the value of
these works should be taken into account in assessing the value of the works
that CHS would have done had it remained on site. It argued that these
additional works had been done by Tech-3 and relied on the evidence of Mr Choy
of Tech-3. Mr Choy had testified at the trial that after CHS was terminated on
18 October 2000, Tech-3 had done all the work needed to be done at the site
apart from the painting of the digesters and the GRC fins. CHS also pointed
out that after it had left the site, Hyundai paid Vatten the sum of
approximately $152,000 in respect of variation or additional works done
between October 2000 and November 2001. The value of the additional works
should be taken into account in assessing the value of the works that CHS
would have done.

25 I do not accept the submissions of CHS on this point. The evidence from Mr
Choy of Tech-3 was that his quotation for $275,000 was to complete all the
works that CHS had contracted to undertake. It was a quotation submitted after
he had gone down to the site to see what the scope of the works to be
undertaken was. This quotation did not cover any additional works which might
be commissioned by Hyundai thereafter. It is also relevant that during cross-
examination at the assessment hearing, CHS’s Mr Tan Geok Chen had admitted
that if additional works had been commissioned by Hyundai and carried out
after October 2000, Tech-3 or the contractors who carried out these works
would be entitled to be paid more. CHS has accepted that additional work was
commissioned by Hyundai after October 2000. That additional work was not part
of the sub-contract between CHS and Vatten and there was no obligation on
Vatten’s part to give that work to CHS even if CHS had remained on site. The
value of such work therefore cannot be included in assessing the value of the
works that CHS would have done had it remained on site. Accordingly, I accept
Vatten’s submission that $88,222.78 has to be deducted from the final value of
the work.

_Quantity adjusted downwards in final certificate_

26 Vatten submitted that in its final certificate, Hyundai had made downward
adjustments in the quantities of work done. When compared with the certificate
issued for the period ending September 2000, the final certificate showed a
reduction in respect of the quantities of several items. The dollar value of
these reductions was $20,274.08. Vatten submitted that as the contract between
the parties was a “back-to-back” contract and would be “revised in accordance
with the amount of related monies received by” Vatten from Hyundai, Vatten was
entitled to make the necessary adjustments to the quantities certified in the
final accounts and seek a “refund” of $20,274.08 from CHS from the value of
the works which had been certified in September 2000.

27 In reply, CHS noted that the main bulk of the $20,274.08 adjustment sought
by Vatten related to the painting works valued at $19,907.68 in respect of the
ART Tanks for Batteries A and B. CHS had painted an additional coat of primer
on these tanks and had charged the agreed rate of $2.60/m² for 7,656.80m² of
work. It argued that this item of work was approved by Vatten in December 1999
as shown in its certification for that month. Vatten did not explain why
Hyundai had removed this item totally though there was some suggestion that
CHS had not done the work. Vatten had not, however, made any assertion either
at the trial or at the assessment that this work had not been done by CHS. CHS
was entitled to recover payment for the work.

28 In this instance, CHS had agreed that interim payments would be made to it
by Vatten in accordance with the amount of related payments received by Vatten
from Hyundai. That agreement, however, applied only to interim payments while
the work was being carried on. There was nothing in the contract that said
that in relation to the final accounts, Vatten was entitled to simply deduct
from CHS any item of work not accepted by Hyundai without proving a legal
basis for such deduction. In December 1999, Vatten had accepted that this
particular item of work was done. It cannot go back on such acceptance without
proving either that the work was not done or that the work was so defective
that it should be considered not to have been done or establishing some other
legal basis for rejecting the work. I therefore hold that Vatten is not
entitled to a “refund” of $19,907.68 for this painting work. CHS is not
disputing Vatten’s entitlement to deduct the balance of $366.40 and therefore
I accept that that amount should be deducted from the value of work done.

_Deduction of $28,665.44_

29 Vatten informed the court that Hyundai had deducted a certain sum from the
value of the works because it had overpaid Vatten in respect of one coat of
additional primer that was applied to the steel structure. In CHS’s quotation
of 11 June 1996, the rate for one coat of primer was fixed at $2/m². Using
this rate, Vatten calculated that it was entitled to deduct $28,665.44 from
CHS as being the overpayment it had made to CHS for this item.

30 CHS challenged Vatten’s right to deduct this amount. It stated that whilst
being re-examined, Mr Lim had tried to explain that the deductions had been
effected because Hyundai had asked him to apply an additional coat when it was
not aware that the specifications already required such an additional coat to
be applied. Hyundai had then paid Vatten for the additional coat. Thereafter
it discovered that the additional coat was already in the specification. Mr
Lim’s evidence was as follows:

When Hyundai asked me to do the additional coat, they were not aware that the
specifications called for it. Hence, they are willing to pay me for the
additional coat. Later on, they discovered that it is already in the
specifications. So, I cannot pay for it. I have a letter showing the reason
they deducted that figure from me. I have a letter with me.

CHS submitted that Mr Lim’s evidence was not believable. He did not point out
the specifications relied on by him and where those specifications could be
found. It submitted that “the deduction” was probably a discount given by
Vatten to Hyundai that had nothing to do with CHS. CHS had done “one coat of
primer and one finishing coat to metal sections” in accordance with the
description of the work and the rate for the work should not be reduced by
reference to an “additional coat” which was not documented.

31 It is not enough for Vatten to assert that Hyundai overpaid it. In order to
claim the deduction from CHS, Vatten has to establish that it in turn overpaid
CHS. It is not clear to me from the evidence or the documents that this was
the case. As Vatten has not discharged the onus on it, I do not allow the
deduction.

_Remaining differences_

32 With regard to item A8 for works carried out in the Inlet Building, CHS
applied a smaller quantity when it calculated the figures. Vatten therefore
gave CHS credit of $1,450. CHS accepts that figure. Accordingly, it should be
added to the value of the work.

33 Finally, an amount of $34,249.56 was included in the final certificate in
respect of item 2k which involved the application of two primer coats on
joints and one finishing coat on the GRC fins. Vatten submitted that as CHS
did not carry out any work on the GRC fins, this amount should be deducted
from the value of work done by it. CHS, on the other hand, submitted that as
this item of work appeared from the evidence of Mr Choy of Tech-3 to have been
done by Tech-3, it was correct in including the amount in the cumulative value
of the final work. I do not accept this argument. It was not in dispute that
CHS was not employed to carry out painting works to the GRC fins. Thus even if
CHS had remained on the site, it would not have done this additional painting
work. The sum must be deducted from the total value of the work.

_Spark tests_

34 At the trial, an issue was raised as to whether Vatten was entitled to
charge CHS for the cost of spark tests carried out by Hyundai. I found that
under the contract it was the obligation of CHS to carry out these spark tests
but that it had not done so. I also found that the claim by Vatten for this
item was premature as the amount which Hyundai was entitled to charge it for
having to carry out the tests itself had not been established. I concluded
that if Hyundai did make a claim for spark tests against Vatten, Vatten would
be entitled to reimbursement of the costs of the same from CHS.

35 At assessment, Vatten produced two letters from Hyundai dated 20 September
2001 and 26 June 2003. The earlier letter stated that the total cost of
carrying out these spark tests amounted to $85,000 and that Hyundai would
“contra this amount from your repainting work (emulsion) of the following
building …”. The second letter confirmed that the first letter was an original
letter from Hyundai. The writer of the second letter appeared in court to
verify the second letter and that the writer of the first letter was no longer
in Singapore. The senior assistant registrar held that the $85,000 had to be
taken into account in computing the damages due to Vatten since I had held
that Vatten was entitled to reimbursement from CHS for the sum incurred by
Hyundai.

36 On the appeal, CHS submitted that the senior assistant registrar had erred
and should not have taken the $85,000 into account because:

(a) the letter purportedly dated 20 September 2001 was a fabrication;

(b) there was no such contra charge made by Hyundai;

(c) the matter allegedly complained of by Hyundai, if true, was the subject
matter of warranty provided by Tech-3. The contra charge was not a contra
charge that CHS had accepted.

37 As regards the first ground, the main point put forward by CHS was that the
20 September 2001 letter had not been disclosed until 28 April 2003. The trial
itself had ended only in November 2001 and thus Vatten had had ample
opportunity to produce the letter at the trial. Instead, it was not produced
nor even referred to. The document was not disclosed in Vatten’s list of
documents filed for the assessment on 9 January 2003. Further, the maker of
the letter did not attend the assessment and his colleague, Mr Kim Kyung Dong,
who testified that the letter was authentic and emanated from Hyundai, could
not confirm whether it had actually been written on 20 September 2001 or
thereafter. It was also peculiar that this letter was sent by hand when most
correspondence from Hyundai to Vatten went by facsimile transmission.

38 Vatten responded that the letter of 20 September 2001 was an authentic
letter. Mr Lim had explained during the assessment hearing that he had not
produced the letter during the trial because at that time he had overlooked it
as he was rushing to complete the project and was also heavily involved in the
trial. He had, however, been able to obtain confirmation from Hyundai that the
letter was authentic. There was no reason for him to suppress the letter
earlier as it was helpful to his case. I see no reason to reject the letter.
Hyundai’s representative came to court and confirmed its authenticity. Whilst
it should have been produced earlier, since there was an opportunity for
counsel for CHS to question Hyundai on the letter, CHS was not prejudiced by
its late production. On the evidence, the authenticity of the letter cannot be
doubted.

39 As regards the second objection raised by CHS, Mr Kim Kyung Dong also gave
evidence that it was possible for sub-contractors to discuss the deductions to
be made with Hyundai’s planning managers without such deductions being
reflected in the interim certificates. Whilst it would have been better for
the deduction to be so reflected, the fact that it was not would not stop
Hyundai from making a contra charge when the work was completed and the final
accounts were issued. Hyundai had warned Vatten in September 2001 that it
would be doing this and it was clear from the evidence before me at the trial
that it was the responsibility of CHS to indemnify Vatten against such action
on the part of Hyundai.

40 As for the third objection, I do not think that this is maintainable in
view of my findings at the trial. Whether or not CHS accepts the contra charge
is irrelevant. It has been found liable to indemnify Vatten and its appeal
against my decision was dismissed. No further argument can be made on
liability.

41 Accordingly, I agree with the decision of the senior assistant registrar
that the cost of the spark tests had to be charged against CHS in ascertaining
the damages that Vatten had incurred by reason of the former’s breach of
contract.

**Conclusion**

42 For the reasons given above, I allow the appeal by CHS in part. The parties
must now do their calculations on the damages in accordance with my findings.
I will see them on the exact wording of the orders to be made as a result of
these findings and on the issue of costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 26 Oct 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

