Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "MMM Diana" ex "Able Director"  
[2004] SGHC 152

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 6000146/2002, RA 600005/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 19 July 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Derek Tan (Rajah and Tann) for plaintiff; Oon Thian Seng (T S Oon and Bazul) for defendants   
Parties | : | —  
  
Civil Procedure – Judgments and orders – Procedure for setting aside default
judgment obtained pursuant to "unless order" – Whether judge in chambers
should hear appeal against default judgment obtained pursuant to "unless
order" made by registrar  
  
Civil Procedure – Jurisdiction – Whether Registrar has jurisdiction to extend
time and to set aside default judgment obtained pursuant to "unless order"  
  

19 July 2004

Woo Bih Li J:

**Background**

1 On 9 June 2004, an order was made by an assistant registrar pursuant to an
application of the plaintiff, Chiba Marine Yokohama Co Ltd, that the
defendants, who are the owners of the vessel _MMM Diana_ _ex Able Director_ ,
were to exchange affidavits of evidence-in-chief with the plaintiff within ten
days, failing which the re-amended defence and counterclaim of the defendants
was to be struck out and judgment entered against them for a certain sum, as
well as interest and costs. I will refer to this order as “the Unless Order”.
An “unless” order is legal parlance to describe an order which compels a party
to do or refrain from doing something, usually within a time frame, and,
unless he complies, a very serious consequence will follow.

2 For reasons which I need not go into, the defendants failed to exchange all
their affidavits of evidence-in-chief by the deadline stipulated or by the
extension of time which both sides agreed to, although the defendants did do
so thereafter. Consequently, the plaintiff submitted papers to obtain a
default judgment pursuant to the Unless Order and obtained a judgment dated 24
June 2004 (“the Default Judgment”).

3 The defendants then filed a notice of appeal to a judge in chambers in the
High Court on 30 June 2004 to appeal against the Default Judgment and to set
it aside. The appeal came up for hearing before me on 14 July 2004. I decided
that the correct procedure was for the defendants to file an application to be
heard by the registrar for an extension of time to comply with the Unless
Order and to set aside the Default Judgment. I made no order on the appeal
with costs to be paid by the defendants. I set out below, my reasons as this
decision will affect parties beyond the present case.

**Arguments and my reasons**

4 Mr Oon Thian Seng, counsel for the defendants, submitted that the appeal was
the correct procedure, relying on a decision by Amarjeet Singh JC in _Changhe
International Investments Pte Ltd v Banque International A Luxembourg Bil
(Asia) Ltd_ [2004] 4 SLR 449.

5 Mr Oon also said that he had another matter in which his clients were
ordered to provide further and better particulars by a deadline. They did so,
or so he believed, but the other side contended that they had not. As a
consequence, a default judgment was obtained by the other side pursuant to an
“unless” order. Mr Oon then applied to the registrar to set aside that default
judgment. However, on the hearing of that application, an assistant registrar
drew Mr Oon’s attention to the said judgment of Singh JC and said Mr Oon
should, instead, file a notice of appeal against that default judgment to a
judge in chambers in the High Court. He did so and the appeal was heard by a
judge without reservation. However, Mr Oon accepted that neither side had
raised the point before the judge as to whether such a procedure was correct
or not, presumably because the assistant registrar had already said that that
was the correct procedure.

6 Mr Derek Tan, counsel for the plaintiff, submitted that the facts in
_Changhe International_ were different from those in the case before me. He
submitted that the correct procedure was for the defendants to file an
application before the registrar to set aside the default judgment. He also
submitted that in _Fuji Xerox Singapore Pte Ltd v Creative Circle Pte Ltd_
[2004] SGDC 137, that was the procedure adopted in the subordinate courts,
_ie_ , the application to set aside the default judgment was made to a court
of concurrent jurisdiction as the court which made the “unless” order.
However, Mr Tan accepted that the issue as to whether this was the correct
procedure was not raised in _Fuji Xerox_.

7 I agreed that the facts in _Changhe International_ were different from those
before me. In that case, the plaintiffs defaulted on an “unless” order.
Instead of filing the necessary papers with the Registry of the High Court to
obtain an order dismissing the claim, the defendants there filed an _inter
partes_ application to seek such an order. When that application came up for
hearing, the plaintiffs’ counsel appeared and presented his submission before
an assistant registrar. His submission did not succeed and the assistant
registrar made an order dismissing the claim (“the Dismissal Order”). The
plaintiffs did not appeal.

8 Subsequently, the plaintiffs engaged new solicitors. Their new counsel then
made an application to the registrar to set aside the Dismissal Order. At the
hearing of that application, the defendants’ counsel submitted that the
plaintiffs should have appealed instead, and that the effect of the latest
application was in fact an appeal to a fellow assistant registrar to overturn
the Dismissal Order made by an assistant registrar. The assistant registrar
who heard that latest application dismissed it on the point of jurisdiction
without hearing the merits. The plaintiffs then appealed and Singh JC agreed
with the decision below. He said at [4] that:

Procedurally, the assistant registrar could not entertain the plaintiffs’
application and could not normally vary another assistant registrar’s order.
He lacked jurisdiction to do so.

9 It was this part of Singh JC’s judgment that Mr Oon was relying on when he
submitted that an assistant registrar would have no jurisdiction to set aside
the Default Judgment.

10 In my view, when Singh JC said that an assistant registrar could not
normally vary another assistant registrar’s order, this was in the context of
an application for which an assistant registrar was effectively being asked to
give a different ruling on a point which had already been argued before and
decided by another assistant registrar. Indeed, it is not unusual for an
assistant registrar to make an order extending a deadline imposed by an
earlier order made by another assistant registrar or, for that matter, the
same assistant registrar. There is no question of a lack of jurisdiction to do
so and I did not see why there was a lack of jurisdiction because an “unless”
order was involved.

11 Likewise, if a judge makes an “unless” order and a party defaults in
compliance thereof, the practice is for the defaulting party to make an
application to a judge for an extension of time and, if a default judgment or
order has been made, to set aside the same as well. The judge’s jurisdiction
to do so has been accepted thus far. If Mr Oon were correct in his submission,
such an application would have to be made to the Court of Appeal for want of
jurisdiction by the judge.

12 I was of the view that the substance of what the defendants were seeking
was an extension of time so as to set aside the Default Judgment. Put in
another way, there would be no legal basis to set aside the Default Judgment
if no extension of time were granted. The deadline under the Unless Order
would remain unless varied by an extension of time.

13 The defendants’ alternative course of action might have been to appeal
against the Unless Order itself. This they did not do and the time for doing
so had passed.

14 In the circumstances, I concluded that a registrar, including an assistant
or deputy registrar, has jurisdiction to hear an application for an extension
of time and to set aside the Default Judgment. It is only after a decision is
made thereon that an appeal may be made to a judge against that decision.

No order made on defendants’ appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 19 Jul 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

