Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Ang Ming Chuang v Singapore Airlines Ltd (Civil Aeronautics Administration,
Third Party)  
[2004] SGHC 263

Case Number | : | Suit 1295/2002, SIC 900/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 November 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lok Vi Ming (Rodyk and Davidson) for the defendant; Loo Choon Chiaw and Lim Tong Chuan (Loo and Partners) for the third party   
Parties | : |  Ang Ming Chuang — Singapore Airlines Ltd — Civil Aeronautics Administration   
  
Conflict of Laws – Natural forum – Forum non conveniens – Defendant bringing
in Taiwanese party as third party in action in Singapore courts – Defendant
also suing Taiwanese party in Taiwan – Whether Taiwan clearly or distinctly
more appropriate forum than Singapore – Whether court should stay or dismiss
Singapore action  
  
Conflict of Laws – Natural forum – Lis alibi pendens – Defendant bringing in
Taiwanese party as third party in action in Singapore courts – Defendant also
suing Taiwanese party in Taiwan – Whether court should stay or dismiss
Singapore action to avoid multiplicity of proceedings  
  

24 November 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Woo Bih Li J:

**Introduction**

1 The plaintiff, Ang Ming Chuang (“Ang”), initiated this action in or about
October 2002 against the defendant, Singapore Airlines Limited (“SIA”), for
damages and other relief arising from an accident involving an aircraft
operated by SIA as flight SQ006 at Chiang Kai-Shek International Airport in
Taiwan (“CKS International Airport”), Republic of China, on 31 October 2000 at
about 2317 hours Taiwan time. While the aircraft was taking off in severe
weather, it hit some construction machinery as a result of which the aircraft
crashed on a runway. The aircraft had sought to take off on the wrong runway,
_ie_ Runway 05R instead of the designated Runway 05L.

2 On 9 January 2003, SIA was granted leave to issue a third party notice to
bring in the Civil Aeronautics Administration (“CAA”), which is part of the
government of Taiwan, as a third party in the action. I will refer to the
third party proceedings in the present suit as SIA’s Singapore action. SIA
intended to seek an indemnity or contribution from CAA should SIA be found
liable to Ang. After CAA’s application in Singapore claiming sovereign
immunity was unsuccessful, CAA applied for SIA’s Singapore action to be
stayed, dismissed and/or discontinued on the ground that the courts in Taiwan
are more appropriate to determine the claim in respect of the third party
proceeding and/or to avoid multiplicity of proceedings. This is the
application before me.

3 CAA’s application covers not only SIA’s Singapore action but claims by other
plaintiffs from the same flight who had commenced their own actions in
Singapore against SIA who in turn had commenced third party proceedings
against CAA. Strictly speaking, CAA’s application should be confined only to
SIA’s Singapore action although it is open to SIA and CAA to agree that a
decision on CAA’s present application will apply to SIA’s claims against CAA
in the other proceedings in Singapore. Indeed, I was informed that SIA and CAA
have agreed to apply my decision on CAA’s present application to all the other
proceedings in Singapore which SIA is taking against CAA.

4 Although SIA had obtained leave to issue a third party notice against CAA in
this action on 9 January 2003, SIA subsequently commenced an action in Taiwan
on 30 April 2003 against CAA in respect of the same accident. SIA’s Taiwan
action was wider for the following reasons. In so far as SIA was seeking an
indemnity or contribution from CAA, this was not limited to the claims against
SIA already filed in Singapore and included claims against SIA worldwide.
SIA’s Taiwan action also included a claim for hull and cargo losses.

5 In these circumstances, CAA’s arguments about _lis alibi pendens_ should be
considered ahead of its arguments on _forum non conveniens_.

**First argument _– Lis alibi pendens_**

6 In _Koh Kay Yew v Inno-Pacific Holdings Ltd_ [1997] 3 SLR 121, a Singapore-
incorporated employer had sought an injunction to restrain its employee from
continuing his action in California, USA, which was for unlawful dismissal.
The employee had been working in California for the employer. Chief Justice
Yong Pung How, delivering the judgment of the Court of Appeal, said at [22]:

Having said that, we have to remind ourselves that, while the same principles
and approach apply to every case of this nature, each case turns strictly on
its individual facts. Further, in dealing with cases such as the present one,
where the appellant had only started proceedings in one jurisdiction, the
courts should be more cautious than not in granting injunctions compared with
situations, in which a party had commenced actions concurrently in two
jurisdictions. In the latter situations, it is understandable that any court
should feel uncomfortable about allowing both actions to go on. Not only would
the same issue be litigated twice but there would also be the risk of having
two different results, each conflicting with the other. And these problems
would have arisen simply because one party decided to sue in one place too
many. In such circumstances, courts, including those in Singapore, should
prevent the inherent abuse of the different judicial systems in different
jurisdictions by compelling that party to choose the jurisdiction that he
wants to litigate in. The underlying need to prevent a multiplicity of similar
proceedings justifies the courts being more prepared to grant an injunction.

7 In _Yusen Air & Sea Service (S) Pte Ltd v KLM Royal Dutch Airlines_ [1999] 4
SLR 21, Federal Insurance Co, the insurers of some missing cargo, had
commenced an action in New York against Yusen Air & Sea Service Pte Ltd
(“Yusen”), a freight forwarding company incorporated in Singapore. Yusen
joined KLM Royal Dutch Airlines (“KLM”) as a third party in the New York
proceedings seeking contribution and/or an indemnity from KLM. Subsequently,
Yusen also commenced action in Singapore against KLM and the cargo handling
agents Changi International Airport Services Pte Ltd seeking a declaration for
an indemnity in respect of the claim by Federal Insurance Co and Yusen’s costs
and expenses in the New York proceedings.

8 KLM applied to strike out Yusen’s Singapore action. It succeeded before an
assistant registrar whose decision was upheld by a judge. However, on appeal,
the Court of Appeal allowed Yusen’s appeal, finding that Yusen had not
affirmatively elected to proceed against KLM exclusively in New York because
the evidence showed that Yusen intended to pursue its claim in Singapore for
an indemnity for its costs and expenses in the New York proceedings for which
it was advised would not be recoverable under New York law. As Yusen had
elected to proceed against KLM in Singapore, it was allowed to do so but the
Court of Appeal granted an injunction restraining Yusen from continuing the
prosecution of the New York proceedings against KLM. Karthigesu JA said at
[27]:

In our judgment, when a plaintiff sues the same defendant in two or more
different jurisdictions over the same subject matter, the defendant can take
up an application to compel the plaintiff to make an election as to which set
of proceedings he wishes to pursue. For the purposes of an election, the
considerations of forum conveniens do not come into play. However, the
defendant would need to demonstrate a duplicity of actions in the different
jurisdictions. Once this is established, the burden of proof then shifts to
the plaintiff to justify the continuance of the concurrent proceedings by
showing ‘very unusual circumstances’. If the plaintiff fails to demonstrate
such unusual circumstances, he would have to make an election.

9 CAA placed reliance on these two cases, especially on that part of the
judgment of Karthigesu JA in _Yusen_ which said that once a duplicity of
actions was established, the burden of proof then shifted to the plaintiff to
justify the continuance of the concurrent proceedings by showing very unusual
circumstances.

10 However, I note that the last sentence of [27] of that judgment said that
if the plaintiff failed to demonstrate such unusual circumstances, he would
have to make an election. Therefore, it seems to me that if SIA has not
already elected to pursue its action in Taiwan and if it were to elect to
carry on with its Singapore action, then the burden would shift back to CAA to
establish its argument on _forum non conveniens_.

11 In the present case, SIA did not elect to proceed with the Singapore action
and to stay its Taiwan action until in the hearing before me when, in the
course of arguments, SIA’s counsel submitted, firstly, that the prosecution of
the two actions was not vexatious and if it were vexatious and SIA were called
upon to elect, SIA would then elect to continue with the Singapore action and
stay the Taiwan action. This submission was made on the assumption that SIA
had not yet elected to continue with the Taiwan action.

12 Since 30 April 2003 when SIA filed the Taiwan action, there have been a
number of hearings in Taiwan. In my view, it is _prima facie_ vexatious for
SIA to continue with both its Taiwan action and its Singapore action. Although
there is some evidence that SIA cannot stay the Taiwan action unless CAA
agrees and even then, only for a limited period of four months, it is still
open to SIA to limit its Taiwan action to claims not covered by SIA’s
Singapore action. This it did not do. In my view, SIA has also failed to
demonstrate very unusual circumstances for continuing with its Taiwan and
Singapore actions.

13 In any event, there is also the question whether SIA has elected
affirmatively to carry on with the Taiwan action. Significantly, the facts
before me are the opposite of those in _Yusen_. In _Yusen_ , the Singapore
action was commenced to claim relief which was not sought in the New York
action, _ie_ Yusen’s costs and expenses in the New York action. On the facts
before me, SIA’s Taiwan action is claiming a wider scope of relief than in the
Singapore action, as I have mentioned. Therefore, although the mere
commencement of an action in a foreign jurisdiction does not _per se_ amount
to an election to proceed there, I am of the view that SIA has affirmatively
elected to proceed against CAA in the Taiwan action. In my view, the fact that
SIA has not elected to proceed exclusively in either Taiwan or Singapore is
neither here nor there because it is still carrying on with both actions and
that gives rise to a duplicity of actions.

14 In the circumstances, it is not necessary for me to put SIA to an election
and SIA’s Singapore action should either be dismissed or stayed on the ground
of _lis alibi pendens_.

**Second argument _– Forum non conveniens_**

15 In the event that I am wrong on the issue of _lis alibi pendens_ , I will
also deal with the issue of _forum non conveniens_. The _classicus locus_ on
the factors to be considered for such an application is the case of _Spiliada
Maritime Corporation v Cansulex Ltd (The Spiliada)_ [1987] AC 460 although
that case actually involved the question whether an order granting leave to
serve a writ out of jurisdiction should be discharged. The House of Lords in
_The Spiliada_ concluded that the same fundamental principle was applicable to
both a stay of English proceedings on _forum non conveniens_ and the grant of
leave to serve English proceedings out of jurisdiction, _ie_ the court would
choose the forum in which the case would be tried more suitably for the
interests of all the parties and the ends of justice.

16 _The Spiliada_ is authority for the principle that it is for CAA to show
not merely that Singapore is not the natural or appropriate forum but that
there is another available forum which is clearly or distinctly more
appropriate than the Singapore forum. The principle enunciated in _The
Spiliada_ has been applied from time to time by the Singapore courts, which
have also applied the factors enunciated in _The Spiliada_ in considering
whether an applicant seeking a stay has discharged its burden. Naturally, the
factors enunciated in _The Spiliada_ are not exhaustive. I will now deal with
the factors before me.

**_Where the parties operate from_**

17 CAA operates only in Taiwan. On the other hand, while SIA is a company
incorporated in Singapore with its headquarters in Singapore, SIA operates
worldwide. Its flights commence from locations and reach destinations all over
the world, including Taiwan. It also has offices all over the world, including
Taiwan.

**_Location of witnesses_**

18 As for the location of witnesses, the affidavit of Mr Billy K C Chang,
Director-General of CAA, filed on 18 February 2004, states the following as a
list of possible witnesses of fact who are located in Taiwan:

(a) the local controller;

(b) the ground controller;

(c) the flight data controller;

(d) the clearance delivery controller;

(e) the Chief of Tower of CKS International Airport;

(f) employees or agents of the Aviation Safety Council;

(g) Mr Chang himself as the Director-General of CAA;

(h) other employees or agents of CAA;

(i) SIA’s employees or agents in Taiwan.

19 CAA’s point was that greater inconvenience and costs of transporting these
witnesses would occur if the trial were in Singapore instead of Taiwan.
Secondly, witnesses who were not employees of CAA are not compellable to give
evidence in Singapore.

20 SIA did not dispute the possible list of witnesses mentioned by Mr Chang.
SIA’s response, through the first affidavit of its attorney in Taiwan, Mr Ta-
Kai Shao, filed on 11 March 2004, was that the argument cuts both ways as
witnesses for SIA who are not resident in Taiwan would similarly then have to
travel to Taiwan if the hearing were held there. However, I note that SIA did
not list out who those witnesses might be. Given that the incident occurred in
an airport in Taiwan and the alleged acts of negligence which SIA is raising
against CAA would have occurred in Taiwan, it seems to me that it is more
likely that there will be more witnesses from Taiwan than from Singapore.

21 As for the issue about the non-compellability of witnesses in Taiwan to
give evidence in Singapore, Mr Shao’s view was that they could be compelled to
give evidence in Taiwan. He said that the Taiwanese court may summon a witness
and compel him to testify. After the witness has given his statement of
evidence, the Taiwanese court will relay the same to the Taiwanese Ministry of
Foreign Affairs who will relay the same to its Singapore counterpart. CAA’s
attorney in Taiwan, Mr Wellington Koo, disagreed that a Taiwanese court would
compel a witness to give evidence although the Taiwanese court would render
judicial assistance to obtain evidence if the witness were prepared to give
evidence.

22 In my view, even if a witness in Taiwan were compellable to give evidence
there for an action in Singapore, Mr Shao was not asserting that the witness
would also be compelled to give evidence in Singapore. Moreover, he was also
not asserting that the Taiwanese court would compel evidence to be given by
the witness through video conferencing or other facilities during a trial in
Singapore but rather that the evidence would be recorded in a statement in
Taiwan and then forwarded to Singapore. Apparently, there would be no cross-
examination of that witness, although that is the usual procedure available in
Singapore.

23 I also note that there was no suggestion by SIA that it would have
difficulty in getting its witnesses to fly to Taiwan.

**_Translation costs_**

24 Mr Chang also asserted that as SIA’s claims are based upon, _inter alia_ ,
the inadequate operation and maintenance of the CKS International Airport by
CAA, many of the relevant documents will be located in Taiwan, including the
documents of CAA. Mr Koo added that most of the documents of CAA are in
Chinese and would have to be translated, into English, for Singapore
proceedings.

25 On the other hand, Mr Shao’s point about CAA’s argument cutting both ways
applied to the issue of translation costs too. Mr Shao said that non-Chinese
documents tendered to a Taiwanese court would have to be translated into
Chinese. He added that translation, and interpretation, costs might therefore
well be higher if proceedings were to continue in Taiwan rather than in
Singapore.

26 It seems to me that it is more likely that there will be more documents
from Taiwan than from Singapore and that most of the documents from Taiwan
will be in Chinese which will require translation to be done if the
proceedings were to continue in Singapore.

**_Site inspection_**

27 Mr Koo asserted that the physical conditions at CKS International Airport
might be in contention and fundamental to the trial and a Taiwanese court
would be in a better position to conduct a site inspection of various items:

(a) Runway designs of Runways 05R and 05L and their relative positions to each
other;

(b) Physical characteristics of Runways 05R and 05L, their similarities and
their differences;

(c) Runway designations at the holding positions of Runways 05R and 05L;

(d) Guard lights at holding positions of Runway 05L;

(e) Bar lights at holding positions of Runway 05L;

(f) Taxiway centreline lights on Taxiway N1 across the threshold of Runway
05R;

(g) The lighting and radar system at CKS Airport.

28 Mr Shao did not dispute that a Taiwanese court would be better placed to do
a site inspection. Indeed, this was obvious. However, Mr Shao was of the view
that it was pure assumption that a site visit by the court was necessary.
SIA’s counsel, Mr Lok Vi Ming, added that the accident site had been
thoroughly examined and inspected by experts after the accident and accident
reports had been completed a long time ago. It would be pointless to inspect
the accident site now.

29 It seems to me that, unless the inspection is done on board a similar
aircraft from where the pilots were seated and in similar severe weather as on
that fateful day, the value of a site inspection is likely to be low since it
is not disputed that the accident site has been inspected and accident reports
have been prepared. Nevertheless, the possible value of a site inspection
cannot be ruled out at this stage.

**_Governing law_**

30 SIA’s Taiwan action against CAA is based on certain legislation there such
as the Civil Code and the State Compensation Law which imposes liability for
intentional or negligent conduct. SIA’s Singapore action against CAA is based
on common law negligence.

31 In para 7.3 of the affidavit of Mr Koo filed on 18 February 2004, he opined
that the nature of SIA’s Singapore action was essentially similar (if not
identical) with SIA’s Taiwan action. In paras 8 to 10 of his affidavit filed
on 27 October 2004 he repeated this view. Yet I noted that in para 13 of Mr
Koo’s earlier affidavit, _ie_ the one filed on 18 February 2004, Mr Koo had
said under the heading, “Governing law of the Tort”:

If the matter is to be tried in the Courts of Singapore, there may be
inconvenience and difficulties, in applying the laws of Taiwan by the
Singapore Courts. The laws of Taiwan are markedly different from the laws of
Singapore. Taiwan’s legal system is a civil law system basically borrowed from
Germany while the laws of Singapore originate from the Common Law of Great
Britain. Thus, the former is codified whereas the latter emphasizes upon
judicial precedents. Certain legal concepts of the laws of Taiwan may be
foreign and unfamiliar to the Singapore Courts, which may result in difficulty
in its application.

32 It seems to me that Mr Koo had contradicted himself. If the law on
negligence in Taiwan is substantially similar as common law negligence then
the substantive law in both jurisdictions is not markedly different.
Differences in procedure are a different point from the governing law which
deals with substantive law.

33 On his part, Mr Shao was of the view that there were differences in the
substantive law of both jurisdictions.

34 Eventually, notwithstanding what Mr Koo had opined about substantial
similarity in the laws of negligence in both jurisdictions, CAA’s counsel, Mr
Loo Choon Chiaw, had to submit that there must be some differences.

35 I am of the view that it is inevitable that there will be some differences
in the relevant substantive law of both jurisdictions. This then makes the
question as to the governing law of some significance to CAA’s application.

36 Mr Koo said that since the accident took place in Taiwan, the governing law
is the law of Taiwan. He also suggested that this would be the law a Singapore
court would apply if the proceedings between SIA and CAA were to be heard in
Singapore.

37 As for Mr Shao, he appeared to accept that SIA’s Taiwan action is governed
by the law of Taiwan. However, as for SIA’s Singapore action, he said that he
had been advised by SIA’s Singapore solicitors that whether the law of Taiwan
would govern was a conflict of laws issue for the Singapore court to decide.

38 Mr Loo took me through the double actionability rule in _Phillips v Eyre_
(1870) LR 6 QB 1 and the qualification of that rule in _Chaplin v Boys_ [1971]
AC 356 and the further qualification in _Red Sea Insurance Co Ltd v Bouygues
SA_ [1995] 1 AC 190 (“ _Red Sea Insurance_ ”). Mr Loo submitted that _Red Sea
Insurance_ appeared to have established the following:

(a) The double actionability rule is not inflexible, and it is possible to
depart from it on clear and satisfying grounds in order to avoid injustice by
holding that a particular issue between the parties should be governed by the
law of the country which, with respect to that issue, has the most significant
relationship with the occurrence and with the parties.

(b) The application of the _lex loci delicti_ is not necessarily limited to
any particular issue, but may apply to the whole claim, if virtually all of
the significant factors are in favour of that country.

39 In _Goh Chok Tong v Tang Liang Hong_ [1997] 2 SLR 641 (“ _Goh Chok Tong_ ”)
and _Parno v S C Marine Pte Ltd_ [1999] 4 SLR 579 (“ _Parno_ ”), the Court of
Appeal said that the rule in _Phillips v Eyre_ and the qualifications in
_Chaplin_ _v Boys_ and in _Red Sea Insurance_ are part of the law in
Singapore.

40 In England, the double actionability rule is no longer the general rule.
The _lex loci delicti_ rule has been adopted by the Private International Law
(Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1995 (c 41) since 1 May 1996 as the general
rule, subject to exceptions.

41 Mr Loo also drew my attention to two other common law jurisdictions which,
by judicial decision, have applied the _lex loci delicti_ as the general rule.

42 In _Tolofson v Jensen_ (1994) 120 DLR (4th) 289 (“ _Tolofson_ ”), a
plaintiff passenger was injured in 1979 in a car driven by his father which
collided with another car in Saskatchewan. The passenger and his father
resided in British Columbia where the father’s car was registered and insured.
The other car was registered and insured in Saskatchewan and driven by a
Saskatchewan resident. Saskatchewan law then imposed a one-year limitation
period on an action arising from the accident, whether or not the plaintiff
was an infant. It also provided that a driver had to be grossly negligent
before a gratuitous passenger could recover damages. In 1987, the plaintiff
sued his father and the Saskatchewan driver in British Columbia. A chambers
judge dismissed the Saskatchewan driver’s application for a declaration that
the action be stayed because Saskatchewan law applied. The British Columbia
Court of Appeal dismissed his appeal holding that the law of the forum should
apply.

43 The Supreme Court of Canada allowed the Saskatchewan driver’s appeal. La
Forest J delivered the main judgment which four other judges concurred with.
The other two judges also concurred with his judgment subject to a
qualification which is not relevant for present purposes. As I have been
anxious about the double actionability rule, I will quote extensively from La
Forest J’s learned exposition. To avoid confusion, I should mention that the
Supreme Court of Canada was dealing with two appeals, one being the accident
in Saskatchewan and another being an accident in Quebec, the facts of which I
need not relate. The outcome of the other appeal was the same as that in
_Tolofson_. La Forest J said at 297–308:

**Historical Highlights of Choice of Law Rule in Tort**

The genesis of the existing Canadian rule for the determination of choice of
law for torts arising outside a court’s territorial jurisdiction is the
seminal case of _Phillips v Eyre_ , _supra_. There the plaintiff brought an
action in England for assault and false imprisonment against the defendant
who, at the time of the torts, was Governor of Jamaica. The acts of which the
plaintiff complained were part of a course of action taken by Jamaican
authorities to suppress a rebellion. Later the governor caused an act of
indemnity to be passed absolving all persons of liability for any unlawful act
committed in putting down the rebellion. Much of the judgment given by Willes
J is devoted to questions concerning whether a colony like Jamaica could
constitutionally enact such a statute; these the court answered in the
affirmative. But the major import of the case relates to the final objection
of the plaintiff that, assuming the colonial statute was valid in Jamaica, it
could not have the effect of taking away a right of action in an English
court. Willes J replied that the objection rested on a misconception of a
civil obligation and the corresponding right of action, which later he stated
is only an accessory to the obligation and subordinate to it. As in the case
of contract, the general rule was that “the civil liability arising out of a
wrong derives its birth from the law of the place, _and its character is
determined by that law”_ (emphasis added) (at p 28). The substantive law, he
affirmed, is governed by the law of the place where the wrong has been
committed. That, of course, would be Jamaica because the torts were wholly
committed there.

Willes J then went on to say that English courts are said to be more open to
admit actions founded on foreign transactions than those of other European
countries, but he added, at p 28, that there are restrictions (_eg_ , trespass
to land) that exclude certain actions altogether, and “even with respect to
those not falling within that description our courts do not undertake
universal _jurisdiction_ ” (emphasis added). He then immediately continued
with the following frequently cited passage, at pp 28-9:

As a general rule, in order to found a suit in England for a wrong alleged to
have been committed abroad, two conditions must be fulfilled. First, the wrong
must be of such a character that it would have been actionable if committed in
England. … Secondly, the act must not have been justifiable by the law of the
place where it was done.

In this passage, Willes J appears to commingle the law dealing with what we
would today call jurisdiction and choice of law. The first rule is strictly
related to jurisdiction as is evident from its context, which I have just
related. The second rule we would normally think of as dealing with choice of
law, which it is apparent from his earlier remarks was the place of the wrong,
the _lex loci delicti_. It was not, however, necessary for Willes J to engage
in this type of modern analysis. All he was doing was expressing a rule of
double actionability to permit suit in England: see _Chartered Mercantile Bank
of India, London and China v Netherlands India Steam Navigation Co_ (1883), 10
QBD 521 at  
pp 536-7.

The law was not to remain in this form. In _Machado v Fontes_ , [1897] 2 QB
231 (CA) (an interlocutory appeal heard in a summary way by two judges),
Willes J’s judgment was read in a rather wooden manner to mean something quite
different from what he, in my view, had intended. In that case the plaintiff
brought action in England for libel alleged to have been published in
Portuguese in Brazil. Though the report leaves us to surmise, the names of the
parties would indicate that they were Brazilian and, the language being
Portuguese, the libel would seem to have taken place there. The court
interpreted Willes J’s language as meaning that an act committed abroad could
be brought in England in the same way as if it had taken place in England, so
long as it was not justified or excused under the law of the place where it
was committed. It was, in other words, actionable under English law even if
not actionable where it was committed if it was “unjustifiable” there; for
example, if it constituted a criminal act there.

The approach taken in _Machado v Fontes_ was subjected to considerable
judicial and academic criticism; see Professor Moffat Hancock’s biting “Case
and Comment on _McLean v Pettigrew_ ” (1945), 23 Can Bar Rev 348. In
particular, so far as Canadian cases are concerned, Viscount Haldane in
_Canadian Pacific R Co v Parent_ , [1917] AC 195 at p 205, early expressed
some reservations about it. For my part, I would have thought the question
whether a wrong committed in Brazil by a Brazilian against another Brazilian
gave rise to an action for damages should be within the purview of Brazil, and
that its being made actionable under English law by an _ex post facto_
decision of an English court would constitute an intrusion in Brazilian
affairs which an English court, under basic principles of comity, should not
engage in. I could understand the approach if the parties were both English
nationals or domiciled in England and there is some support in English cases
for that measure of intervention: see _Chaplin v Boys_ , [1969] 2 All ER 1085
(HL), at p 1094 _per_ Lord Hodson, and Lord Wilberforce, at p 1104; see also
Lord Denning in the same case in the Court of Appeal, [1968] 1 All ER 283 at
pp 289-90. I add parenthetically that it could well be argued (though the
facts were not conducive to that possibility) that, unlike a motor vehicle
accident, the tort of libel should be held to take place where its effects are
felt, but the court simply assumed that the place of the tort was Brazil.

In England, _Machado v Fontes_ was ultimately overruled by the House of Lords
in _Chaplin v Boys_ , _supra_. There the plaintiff, a passenger on a motor
cycle, was injured through the negligence of the defendant whose car had hit
the motor cycle. The plaintiff and defendant were British soldiers stationed
in Malta. In upholding the action, their Lordships adopted a test of double
actionability. Substantive British law would be applied if the conduct was
actionable both in England and in the place where the conduct occurred, with a
residual discretion to depart from the rule where justice warranted. Here the
conduct was actionable both in England and in Malta, and there was no ground
for a discretion to be exercised. The majority thus determined that the rule
in _Phillips v Eyre_ was a double actionability test. While the _ratio_ of the
case is difficult to define with precision (see _Red Sea Insurance Co v
Bouygues SA_ …), the summary of the result set forth in the well-known text of
Albert Venn Dicey and JHC Morris, _Dicey and Morris on the Conflict of Laws_ ,
11th ed (London: Stevens & Sons Ltd, 1987), [vol 2] at pp 1365-6, has been
generally accepted:

Rule 205(1) As a general rule, an act done in a foreign country is a tort and
actionable as such in England; only if it is both

(a) actionable as a tort according to English law, or in other words is an act
which, if done in England, would be a tort; and

(b) actionable according to the law of the foreign country where it was done.

(2) But a particular issue between the parties may be governed by the law of
the country which, with respect to that issue, has the most significant
relationship with the occurrence and the parties.

None the less it was on the insecure foundation of _Phillips v Eyre_ as
interpreted in _Machado v Fontes_ that the existing Canadian law was erected
by this court’s 1945 decision in _McLean v Pettigrew_ [[1945] 2 DLR 65].
There, it will be remembered, a driver and his gratuitous passenger, both
domiciled in Quebec, had a car accident in Ontario, and the passenger sued the
driver in Quebec. Under Ontario law, the claim would not have been actionable.
It would, however, have been actionable in Quebec had it occurred there.
Applying the prevalent English law, the court found that since the tort was
actionable in Quebec, and the driver’s conduct, though not actionable in
Ontario, was prohibited under the _Highway Traffic Act_ of that province, it
was not “justifiable” in Ontario. It, therefore, upheld the plaintiff’s action
under Quebec law.

The law as enunciated in _McLean v Pettigrew_ has remained the basic rule in
Canada ever since. However, its fundamental weaknesses began to be revealed in
a series of Ontario cases beginning in the 1980s. …

…

**Critique and Reformulation**

What strikes me about the Anglo-Canadian choice of law rules as developed over
the past century, is that they appear to have been applied with insufficient
reference to the underlying reality in which they operate and to general
principles that should apply in responding to that reality. Often the rules
are mechanistically applied. At other times, they seemed to be based on the
expectations of the parties, a somewhat fictional concept, or a sense of
“fairness” about the specific case, a reaction that is not subjected to
analysis, but which seems to be born of a disapproval of the rule adopted by a
particular jurisdiction. The truth is that a system of law built on what a
particular court considers to be the expectations of the parties or what it
thinks is fair, without engaging in further probing about what it means by
this, does not bear the hallmarks of a rational system of law. Indeed, in the
present context, it wholly obscures the nature of the problem. In dealing with
legal issues having an impact in more than one legal jurisdiction, we are not
really engaged in that kind of interest balancing. We are engaged in a
structural problem. While that structural problem arises here in a federal
setting, it is instructive to consider the matter first from an international
perspective since it is, of course, on the international level that private
international law emerged.

On the international plane, the relevant underlying reality is the territorial
limits of law under the international legal order. The underlying postulate of
public international law is that generally each state has jurisdiction to make
and apply law within its territorial limit. Absent a breach of some overriding
norm, other states as a matter of “comity” will ordinarily respect such
actions and are hesitant to interfere with what another state chooses to do
within those limits. Moreover, to accommodate the movement of people, wealth
and skills across state lines, a by-product of modern civilization, they will
in great measure recognize the determination of legal issues in other states.
And to promote the same values, they will open their national forums for the
resolution of specific legal disputes arising in other jurisdictions
consistent with the interests and internal values of the forum state. These
are the realities that must be reflected and accommodated in private
international law.

The earlier 19th century English cases, such as _Phillips v Eyre_ , were alive
to the fact that these are the realities and forces to which courts should
respond in the development of principles in this area. By the turn of the
century, however, the English courts adopted a positivistic rule-oriented
approach that has since seriously inhibited the development of rational
principles in this area: see [_Morguard Investments Ltd v De Savoye_ (1990) 76
DLR (4th) 256], for an illustration of this in a different context. It is to
be the underlying reality of the international legal order, then, that we must
turn if we are to structure a rational and workable system of private
international law. …

…

The major issue that arises in this case is this: once a court has properly
taken jurisdiction (and this was conceded in both the cases in these appeals),
what law should it apply? Obviously the court must follow its own rules of
procedure; it could not function otherwise; see _Chaplin v Boys_ , _supra_.
What is procedural is usually clear enough though at times this can raise
difficult issues. …

From the general principle that a state has exclusive jurisdiction within its
own territories and that other states must under principles of comity respect
the exercise of its jurisdiction within its own territory, it seems axiomatic
to me that, at least as a general rule, the law to be applied in torts is the
law of the place where the activity occurred, ie, the _lex loci delicti_.
There are situations, of course, notably where an act occurs in one place but
the consequences are directly felt elsewhere, when the issue of where the tort
takes place itself raises thorny issues. In such a case, it may well be that
the consequences would be held to constitute the wrong. Difficulties may also
arise where the wrong directly arises out of some transnational or
interprovincial activity. There, territorial considerations may become muted;
they may conflict and other considerations may play a determining role. But
that is not this case. Though the parties may, before and after the wrong was
suffered, have travelled from one province to another, the defining activity
that constitutes the wrong took place wholly within the territorial limits of
one province, in one case, Quebec, in the other Saskatchewan, and the
resulting injury occurred there as well. That being so it seems to me, barring
some recognized exception, to which possibility I will turn later, that as
Willes J pointed out in _Phillips v Eyre_ , _supra_ , at p 28, “civil
liability arising out of a wrong derives its birth from the law of the place
[where it occurred], and its character is determined by that law”. In short,
the wrong is governed by that law. It is in that law that we must seek its
defining character; it is that law, too, that defines its legal consequences.

I have thus far framed the arguments favouring the _lex loci delicti_ in
theoretical terms. But the approach responds to a number of sound practical
considerations. The rule has the advantage of certainty, ease of application
and predictability. Moreover, it would seem to meet normal expectations.
Ordinarily people expect their activities to be governed by the law of the
place where they happen to be and expect that concomitant legal benefits and
responsibilities will be defined accordingly. The government of that place is
the only one with power to deal with these activities. The same expectation is
ordinarily shared by other states and by people outside the place where an
activity occurs. If other states routinely applied their laws to activities
taking place elsewhere, confusion would be the result. In our modern world of
easy travel and with the emergence of a global economic order, chaotic
situations would often result if the principle of territorial jurisdiction
were not, at least generally, respected. Stability of transactions and well-
grounded legal expectations must be respected. Many activities within one
state necessarily have impact in another, but a multiplicity of competing
exercises of state power in respect of such activities must be avoided.

Leaving aside the British practice, which itself is giving increasing
deference to the _lex loci delicti_ , the practice of most states until
recently favoured exclusive reference to the _lex loci_. Thus the “Mémorandum
Dutoit” in _Actes et documents de la Onzième session_ (at p 20) of the Hague
Convention of Traffic Accidents has this to say (translation):

And in fact, courts in nearly all the member States have ruled in favour of
recourse in principle to the _lex loci actus_ in cases of automobile
collisions occurring abroad.

This statement is supported by an extensive footnote quoting the sources of
this law in all the member states. Quebec law, following European tradition,
did the same: see art 6, _Civil Code of Lower Canada_. This was the case, as
well, in the United States. This is attested to in _Babcock v Jackson,_ 12 NY
2d 743 (1963), where Fuld J stated, at p 746: “The traditional choice of law
rule, embodied in the original Restatement of Conflict of Laws (§384), and
until recently unquestioningly followed in this court … has been that the
substantive rights and liabilities arising out of a tortious occurrence are
determinable by the law of the place of the tort.” Similarly, Australia has
bypassed British precedents by adopting the _lex loci delicti_ as the rule
governing the choice of law in litigation within Australia; see _Breavington v
Godleman_ (1988), 80 ALR 362 (HC).

There may be room for exceptions but they would need to be very carefully
defined. It seems to me self-evident, for example, that state A has no
business in defining the legal rights and liabilities of citizens of state B
in respect of acts in their own country, or for that matter the actions in
state B of citizens of state C, and it would lead to unfair and unjust results
if it did. The same considerations apply as between the Canadian provinces.
What is really debatable is whether state A, or for that matter province A,
should be able to do so in respect of transactions in other states or
provinces between its own citizens or residents.

It will be obvious from what I have just said that I do not accept the former
British rule, adopted in _McLean v Pettigrew_ , that in adjudicating on wrongs
committed in another country our courts should apply our own law, subject to
the wrong being “unjustifiable” in the other country. As I see it, this
involves a court’s defining the nature and consequences of an act done in
another country. This, barring some principled justification, seems to me to
fly against the territoriality principle. As well, if this approach were
generally adopted, it would, in practice, mean that the courts of different
countries would follow different rules in respect of the same wrong, and
invite forum shopping by litigants in search of the most beneficial place to
litigate an issue. Applying the same approach to the units of a federal state
like Canada would be even worse. Given the constant mobility between the
provinces, as well as similar legal regimes and other factors, forum shopping
would be much easier.

…

What then can be said of the double actionability rule along the lines adopted
in England in _Chaplin v Boys_? I have already indicated, of course, that I
view the _lex loci delicti_ rule as the governing law. However, because a
rigid rule on the international level could give rise to injustice, in certain
circumstances, I am not averse to retaining a discretion of the court to apply
our own law to deal with such circumstances. I can, however, imagine few cases
where this would be necessary.

If one applies the _lex loci delicti_ rule as the rule for defining the
obligation and its consequences, the requirement under the English rule that
the wrong must also be a tort when committed under English law seems to me to
be related more to jurisdiction than choice of law. There appears to be some
merit to the requirement, especially when coupled with a discretion not to
enforce the requirement, but it may be wondered whether it is not excessive,
particularly if this calls for a meticulous examination of the law. Some
breathing room was allowed in _Chaplin v Boys_ , where the court there
retained a discretion to deal with a case without complying with the double
actionability rule, and it is of interest that in the recent case of _Red Sea
Insurance Co v Bouygues SA_ , _supra_ , the Privy Council used the discretion
to deal with a contract under the law of the place where the contract was made
rather than the law of the forum. However, given the fact that the
jurisdiction of Canadian courts is confined to matters in respect of which
there is a real and substantial connection with the forum jurisdiction, I
seriously wonder whether the requirement that the wrong be actionable in that
jurisdiction is really necessary. It may force or persuade litigants who are
within the territorial jurisdiction of the court to sue elsewhere even though
it may be more convenient for all or most of the parties to sue here. The fact
that a wrong would not be actionable within the territorial jurisdiction of
the forum if committed there, might be a factor better weighed in considering
the issue of _forum non conveniens_ or, on the international plane, whether
entertaining the action would violate the public policy of the forum
jurisdiction.

44 The other common law jurisdiction which Mr Loo relied on was Australia and
he cited the case of _Regie Nationale des Usines Renault SA v Zhang_ (2002)
210 CLR 491 (“ _Renault_ ”), a decision of the High Court of Australia. I will
adopt part of the headnote:

A resident of New South Wales was seriously injured in a motor vehicle
accident in New Caledonia. In proceedings commenced in the Supreme Court of
New South Wales, he alleged his injuries were caused by the negligent design
and manufacture of the vehicle by the defendants which were foreign companies
whose principal place of business was in France. Neither maintained any office
or had any employees in Australia. The defendants applied under Pt 10, r 6A of
the Supreme Court Rules 1970 (NSW) to have the proceedings stayed on the
ground that the Court was an inappropriate forum for the trial.

_Held_ , (1) by Gleeson CJ, Gaudron, McHugh, Gummow, Kirby and Hayne JJ,
Callinan J not deciding, that the substantive law for the determination of
rights and liabilities in respect of foreign torts was the lex loci delicti,
and the “double actionability” rule had no application in Australia to
international torts.

_John Pfeiffer Pty Ltd v Rogerson_ (2000) 203 CLR 503 and _Tolofson v Jensen_
[1994] 3 SCR 1022, considered.

_Per_ Gleeson J, Gaudron, McHugh, Gummow and Hayne JJ. A flexible exception
should not be recognised in addition to the application of the lex loci
delicti in respect of foreign torts.

45 The judgment of Gleeson CJ, Gaudron, McHugh, Gummow and Hayne JJ (at [59]
and [60]) stated:

In the past, the first limb of the “double actionability” rule has been
characterised as a technique of forum control specifically applicable in tort
cases. In the choice of law rules applicable in Australia, in intra-Australian
torts, it has now been put aside. _Pfeiffer_ established that, in the case of
intra-Australian torts, principles of public policy have no role to play in
the choice of law to be applied to the lex causae, just as those principles
have no role to play in the rules respecting recognition and enforcement in
Australia of the judgments of Australian courts.

The “double actionability” rule should now be held to have no application in
Australia in international torts. To the extent that the first limb of that
rule was intended to operate as a technique of forum control, we should
frankly recognise that the question is about public policy and confront
directly the issues that this may present. It cannot be suggested, however,
that such considerations were engaged in the present litigation. … It is
sufficient to say that, should a question arise as to whether public policy
considerations direct that an action not be maintained in Australia, that
question is appropriately resolved as a preliminary issue on an application
for a permanent stay of proceedings.

46 I quote from the judgment of Kirby J also where he said (at [127]–[133]):

_The predominant choice of law rule for torts_ : The predominant international
principle for the choice of law in respect of wrongs (torts or delicts) has
long been that the applicable law is that of the place where the wrong was
committed (lex loci delicti). One analysis suggests that this principle was
established in Europe as long ago as the thirteenth century. At the latest, it
was firmly entrenched there by the end of the eighteenth century. It was by
direct borrowing from the civilians in Europe that the rule initially became
that observed in the United States of America. _Phillips v Eyre_ never gained
acceptance in that country. The rule of that place of the wrong was also the
rule reflected in the First Restatement on Conflicts of Laws published by the
American Law Institute in 1934. Some jurisdictions that previously adhered to
applying the law of the place of the wrong have tended more recently towards
introducing greater flexibility in these rules. However, this has usually been
a result of legislative changes after careful consideration of the issues
relating to different types of tort actions with specific rules developed to
deal with particular situations. In the United States, where the flexibility
has been the result of a judicial revolution which resulted in the widespread
abandonment of the rule of the place of the wrong, it has led to considerable
uncertainty and difficulty of application. Indeed, the outcome has been
described as “hopelessly confused, chaotic, unpredictable, and – despite all
laudable efforts to explain it – incomprehensible”. Australian law should
resist all such temptations.

When advocating the legislation later enacted, the English and Scottish Law
Commissions placed evidence before the United Kingdom Parliament concerning
the choice of law rules applicable in the jurisdictions of Europe and beyond,
in respect of torts or delicts. Their analysis indicated that the rule
upholding the law of the place of the wrong is that which commands almost
universal contemporary allegiance. It is the rule observed by most
jurisdictions of the world: common law, civil law and otherwise. The Supreme
Court of Canada regarded its adoption as “axiomatic”. In a matter of
international law, whatever may be the criticisms that can be levied at the
rule, there is a strong premium in Australia’s observing the rule upheld by so
many and diverse legal systems.

In further support of the foregoing propositions it may be recognised that the
rules of private international law exist to fulfil foreign rights and duties,
not to destroy them. After a brief flirtation with a different rule for intra-
national torts, this Court has now accepted the rule that enjoys overwhelming
international observance. There are powerful, perhaps even greater, reasons
following that logic into cases involving international torts.

Supporting the preferred rule involves more than adherence to legal symmetry
or majority legal opinion. It represents a reflection of the time-honoured
maxim locus regit actum. Apart from everything else, this rule has “sure
foundations in human psychology”. A person will ordinarily assume that he or
she is governed by the law of the law area in which the event, critical to
legal liability, happens. Admittedly, there may be exceptions. Analysis may
confound ordinary expectations. In a particular case, exceptionally, the
presence of a long term pre-existing relationship of the parties in the forum
may make it unreasonable to attribute to them an ordinary expectation
according primacy to the law of the place of the wrong. However, normally it
is otherwise. The ordinary expectations of most parties are, I would suggest,
that the law of the place of the wrong will govern the rights and duties of
the parties. Such expectations are based on notions connected with the usual
territorial reach of law. They are usually resistant to its over-reach.
Generally speaking, the law should not be applied in a way that takes ordinary
expectations by surprise. The normal rule should not be distorted just
because, in a particular case, its outcome imposes a burden to a particular
plaintiff. The law must be just to defendants as well as plaintiffs. … The
clearer and simpler the applicable rule, the less difficult will it be to
advise parties on their rights; the less temptation will there be to shop
around for a judicial forum advantageous to one but disadvantageous to another
party; and the more even-handed and certain will the law be, and appear to be,
to the parties and to society.

The law of tort, although now chiefly compensatory in purpose, has additional
objectives of establishing standards of reasonable civic conduct, promoting
prevention of wrongs and distributing costs amongst the community concerned. A
choice of law rule that permits a plaintiff to pick and choose, according to
the forum it selects, the law that would be applied, would derogate from the
effective control of a given law area over those aspects of its law. Applying
the law of the place of the wrong tends to help defendants to minimise their
exposure to risk by accident prevention, to insure effectively and allocate
appropriately for potential costs. All of these are reasons for adopting, as
the applicable law of an international tort, the law of the place which is
classified as the place where the wrong was committed.

…

I am not blind to the defects of the law of the place of the wrong. It has
persuasive critics. Sometimes, for example, it may be debatable as to where
precisely the “wrong” occurred. However, when the arguments for and against
the competing rules are weighed and the inadequacies of the competing rules
are evaluated, the preferable course is to adopt a common Australian standard.
For torts, the applicable primary law is that of the place where the tort was
committed (lex loci delicti). Accordingly, in the present appeal whether the
place was metropolitan France (where the vehicle driven by the respondent was
principally designed and manufactured) or New Caledonia (where the alleged
defect led to damage to the respondent) the applicable law was in either case,
the law of France. The primary judge was correct to so conclude.

47 I should mention that although the High Court of Australia was of the view
that the governing law was the law of France being the _lex loci delicti_ ,
the court decided, by a majority of five to two, that the action in New South
Wales should not be stayed because the Renault companies had not shown that a
trial in New South Wales would be oppressive or vexatious. However, that is
not the test in Singapore for a stay application. As I have said, the test is
whether there is a clearly more appropriate forum than Singapore, subject to
any question raised about the ends of justice.

48 Mr Loo submitted that since the location of any breach by CAA was Taiwan
and any damage caused to SIA would be in Taiwan, the governing law would still
be the law of Taiwan even if the proceedings were to be heard in Singapore.
For this submission, Mr Loo was relying initially on the _Red Sea Insurance_
exception to the double actionability rule and, alternatively, on the _lex
loci delicti_ as the general rule.

49 On the other hand, Mr Lok submitted that the governing law would be
Singapore law under the double actionability rule which, he stressed, was
still the general rule applicable in Singapore as acknowledged by our Court of
Appeal. Mr Lok also submitted that an exception to this rule would be applied
to avoid depriving a plaintiff of redress but not otherwise. To this, Mr Loo
countered that SIA was the tortfeasor and it was CAA who was the victim,
presumably because the accident caused some physical damage to CKS
International Airport. I should add that CAA has made a claim in Taiwan for
damages and for which a ruling, I understand, has been given after arguments
were presented to me. As regards SIA’s claims against CAA, whether in
Singapore or Taiwan, SIA remains the plaintiff.

50 It seems to me that _Tolofson_ was not drawn to the attention of our Court
of Appeal in _Goh Chok Tong_ and in _Parno_. As for _Renault,_ it was reported
after these two local cases. It may be that our Court of Appeal will also
consider it time to depart from the double actionability rule but, until then,
that rule is the general rule in Singapore for international torts. If I were
not bound by the doctrine of precedence, I would have departed from the double
actionability rule for the reasons stated by La Forest J in favour of the _lex
loci delicti_ as a general rule for international torts. For present purposes,
it is not necessary for me to venture a view as to whether the _lex loci
delicti_ should be subject to an exception and what the exception should be
since neither counsel before me suggested that an exception to the _lex loci
delicti_ would be applicable on the facts.

51 In any event, I am of the view that even with the application of the double
actionability rule, the exceptions to that rule are not confined to a
situation where a plaintiff will otherwise be deprived of recourse although
that might have been a powerful motivation in the past. As Kirby J observed in
_Renault_ , the law must be just to defendants as well as plaintiffs.

52 I have also taken into account the fact that SIA’s flights into and out of
Taiwan would be subject to Taiwan law. Its operations from CKS International
Airport would be subject to the rules and regulations of CAA. For the purpose
of the application before me, I am of the view that the _Red Sea Insurance_
exception applies and that the law of Taiwan will apply to SIA’s Singapore
action if the trial of that action were to be in Singapore. The significant
factors are clearly in favour of the law of Taiwan being the governing law.

**_Eventual enforcement in Taiwan_**

53 Mr Loo also submitted that if the Singapore proceedings were not stayed and
if SIA were to obtain judgment against CAA, SIA would still have to seek
redress in Taiwan. There is no reciprocity between Taiwan and Singapore as
would enable a Singapore judgment of a superior court to be registered in
Taiwan. Furthermore, the opinion of Mr Koo was that SIA would not be allowed
to sue upon the Singapore judgment and SIA would have to sue afresh in Taiwan.
On the other hand, Mr Shao’s opinion on this point was, in summary, that Mr
Koo’s opinion was premature.

54 Even if Mr Koo’s opinion were correct and SIA would have to sue afresh in
Taiwan, I am of the view that this would be a problem for SIA to contend with
and it was not for CAA to raise it as a factor in favour of a stay
application. A similar view was expressed by Lee Seiu Kin JC in _Bayerische
Landesbank Girozentrale v Kong Kok Keng_ [2002] 4 SLR 283. Although that case
involved a consideration of two common law jurisdictions where the action
might be pursued, Lee JC said at [13] that if the plaintiff should choose to
sue in a jurisdiction that made enforcement more difficult, it was a problem
that would be faced by the plaintiff and it was rather surprising that the
defendant should be the one to complain.

**_The scope of SIA’s Taiwan action_**

55 However, the fact that SIA’s Taiwan action is wider in scope than its
Singapore action is, in my view, an important factor. As I have mentioned,
SIA’s Taiwan action is for an indemnity or contribution for damages paid or
payable by SIA to passengers and crew under various jurisdictions as well as
for hull and cargo losses.

56 Accordingly, the question arises as to whether a finding of liability or
exoneration of liability on the part of CAA by a Singapore court will be
binding between SIA and CAA in the Taiwan action when the additional claims of
SIA are considered.

57 Mr Koo was of the opinion that it would not be binding. Mr Shao did not
venture an opinion on this point. It seems to me that there is clearly a risk
that the issue of liability as between SIA and CAA will have to be re-
litigated all over again for the additional claims with the real possibility
of a different conclusion if I were to refuse CAA’s application. In my view,
this is another factor favouring a stay.

**_CAA’s connection with Singapore_**

58 Mr Loo submitted that in _The Spiliada_ , Lord Goff of Chieveley said at
477:

I may add that if, in any case, the connection of the defendant with the
English forum is a fragile one (for example, if he is served with proceedings
during a short visit to this country), it should be all the easier for him to
prove that there is another clearly more appropriate forum for the trial
overseas.

59 Mr Loo submitted that the Singapore court’s jurisdiction over CAA is not
founded as of right as the jurisdiction over CAA is exercised by virtue of
service of proceedings outside of Singapore on CAA under O 11 r (1)(q) of the
Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed). That provision allows a party to
seek leave of the court to serve process on a party outside Singapore if the
applicant is seeking a contribution or an indemnity in respect of liability
enforceable by proceedings in Singapore.

60 On the other hand, Mr Lok submitted that once the Singapore court has
jurisdiction, the quality of the jurisdiction should not be considered.

61 In my view, either the Singapore court has jurisdiction or it does not. I
agree that the quality of the jurisdiction _per se_ should not matter.
However, if the jurisdiction is based on a slim ground, then it should be
easier for CAA to establish that there is clearly a more appropriate forum
than Singapore, but the slim ground is not another discrete factor in favour
of a stay.

62 It is not necessary for me to venture a view as to whether the exercise of
jurisdiction under O 11 r (1)(q) was exorbitant in the circumstances as there
was no application before me to set aside the order granting SIA leave to
serve process out of jurisdiction.

**_Other factors_**

63 Mr Lok also relied on two other factors to resist the stay application.

64 First, he said that the dispute between SIA and CAA is a matter of public
and national interest that should be tried in Singapore. It seems to me that
the dispute is no less a matter of public and national interest in Taiwan. It
may even be said to be of greater interest in Taiwan as the tragedy occurred
there and the operation of CKS International Airport will be under scrutiny as
contrasted with the operation of a few crew members on board an aircraft.

65 Mr Lok’s second point was that the role of CAA will be material in SIA’s
defence in the claim by Ang against SIA. Mr Lok submitted that:

Without the participation of [CAA] and the examination of the roles played by
them … [SIA] will be prejudiced in their Defence of the Singapore proceedings
and deprived of a legitimate juridical advantage in presenting a full defence
…

I am of the view that while the role of CAA may be material in SIA’s defence,
it does not follow that SIA will be prejudiced if CAA does not participate in
the Singapore action. The reality is that if CAA does not participate, SIA
will be at liberty to make whatever assertions it wishes about CAA’s role in
the accident without challenge from CAA. It seems to me that this will be an
advantage to SIA _vis-à-vis_ Ang rather than a prejudice.

**_The ends of justice_**

66 In the circumstances, I am of the view that Taiwan is clearly the more
appropriate forum. Having reached this conclusion, I come to certain
allegations made by Mr Shao which may give the impression that SIA will not
get justice in Taiwan.

67 In para 15 of Mr Shao’s first affidavit filed on 11 March 2004, Mr Shao
said that there was some concern in some quarters that SIA would face
difficulty in its claim in Taiwan as it is a claim against the government.
However, he went on to say that while this concern might be unfounded, it was
understandable that such a perception might exist. I am of the view that such
statements are not helpful and should not have been made. Either Mr Shao has
an opinion as to whether SIA can get justice in Taiwan or he has no opinion on
it. If it were the latter position, as his statements suggest, then he should
refrain from saying anything instead of expressing the views or concerns of
others.

68 Furthermore, in para 10 of Mr Shao’s second affidavit filed on 17 August
2004, Mr Shao went on to say that while he would comment no further on this
issue, he would raise the following pertinent facts which were not in dispute:

(a) The accident was investigated by the Taiwanese Aviation Safety Council
(“the ASC”), an independent Taiwanese government agency;

(b) CAA is a branch of the Taiwanese government;

(c) The findings in the investigation report issued by the ASC (“the ASC
Report”) were not favourable to SIA;

(d) The findings in the ASC Report had received wide publicity in Taiwan and
were now the main substantive evidence relied on by CAA in the Taiwanese
proceedings; and

(e) SIA is not a Taiwanese party.

69 Yet again Mr Shao stopped short of asserting that SIA would not get justice
in Taiwan. In my view, Mr Shao should not have listed out the above facts
which were calculated to give the impression that SIA would not get justice in
Taiwan.

70 Another point raised by Mr Shao was that the actions by the plaintiffs in
Singapore against SIA are based mainly on the Warsaw Convention or subsequent
versions of it. If SIA were found liable under the Warsaw Convention, CAA is
likely to raise the defence in the Taiwan action that such judgments are not
recognised under Taiwan law as Taiwan is not a signatory to any version of the
Warsaw Convention. Mr Shao was suggesting that SIA would have difficulty in
claiming indemnity, or contribution, on liabilities founded on judgments based
on a convention which Taiwan was not part of.

71 In my view, this argument cuts both ways. Why should CAA be deprived of
this defence by a refusal to order a stay of SIA’s Singapore action? This
point raised by Mr Shao is a neutral factor.

72 Accordingly, I am of the view that SIA’s Singapore action should be stayed
on the ground of _forum non conveniens_ as well.

**Conclusion**

73 In the circumstances, I grant CAA’s application for a stay of SIA’s
Singapore action until further order pending the outcome of SIA’s Taiwan
action. SIA is to pay the costs of this application to CAA, such costs to be
agreed or taxed.

Third party’s application granted.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Nov 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

