Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan and Au Partnership v Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2625  
[2004] SGHC 183

Case Number | : | MC Suit 12394/2002, RAS 16/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 August 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Carolyn Tan Beng Hui (Tan and Au Partnership) for plaintiff; Ang Hsueh Ling Celeste and Yip Yung Keong Justin (Drew and Napier LLC) for defendant; Khoo Boo Jin (Wee Swee Teow and Co) for HDB   
Parties | : |  Tan and Au Partnership — Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2625   
  
Land – Strata titles – Privatisation of HUDC estate – Law firm engaged by
group of resident volunteers to handle legal aspects of privatisation –
Absence of contract or agreement between law firm and management corporation –
Whether management corporation under legal or statutory duty to pay legal fees
directly to law firm – Sections 126(9), 126A(3) Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap
158, 1999 Rev Ed)  
  

23 August 2004

Woo Bih Li J:

**Background**

1 On 27 September 1996, Bedok Reservoir HUDC estate (“the Estate”) was
gazetted for privatisation. “HUDC” refers to the Housing and Urban Development
Corporation. The meaning of privatisation and the steps involved were
explained in an affidavit by Carolyn Tan Beng Hui, a partner of Tan & Au
Partnership (“TAP”), a firm of solicitors who is the plaintiff in the action
before me. TAP was formed as a result of a merger between Tan-Au Associates
(“TAA”) and Thomas Au & Lim (“TAL”) on or about 10 February 2001. Ms Tan’s
affidavit was executed on 3 December 2003. She said:

**B. GENERAL BACKGROUND INFORMATION ON THE PRIVATISATION OF HUDC ESTATES**

6\. “Privatisation” is the conversion of a HUDC estate into a private estate,
whereby HDB lessees relinquish their status as HDB lessees and instead upgrade
their status to become owners of private property. More specifically, it is
the conversion of HDB leases into strata titles under the _Land Titles
(Strata) Act_ (“LTSA”). I have used the term HDB lessees and not HUDC lessees
as the owners of HUDC properties come under the HDB Act and are lessees of
property belonging to the HDB who are the landlords.

7\. As these proceedings involve the privatisation of a HUDC Estate, I would
like to briefly set out at this stage, what the privatisation process entails,
in the form of a chart below:

|  **Procedure** |  **Remarks**  
---|---|---  
A |  The HUDC Estate is designated by the Ministry of National Development (“MND”) for privatisation. The MND had stated the cost to be S$25,000 per household for HUDC estates under this phase. |  The LTSA governs the privatisation exercise, in particular, Sections 126 and 126A.  
B |  A Protem Committee comprising of lessees in the designated Estate is formed. |  These are volunteers doing community service for the estate.  
C |  Support is garnered from the lessees of the designated Estate to privatise. |  This is carried out over a period of time. There is no time limit imposed by the HDB as landlord or under the LTSA.  
D |  Upon obtaining support from the lessees of at least 75% of the housing units in the estate, HDB will commence the privatisation process. |  The lessees supporting the privatisation would execute “Consent Forms” (prescribed by the Registry of Land Titles). A mass-signing or “Voting” exercise is normally conducted to expedite the process of signature collection.  
E |  Upon the HDB’s direction, the Strata Title application/ Transfer Instrument/ Strata Title Plan is lodged with the Registry of Land Titles at the Singapore Land Authority. |   
F |  The Subsidiary Strata Certificate of Titles are issued by Registry of Titles at the Singapore Land Authority, replacing the former HDB leases for the lessees. |  Legal Completion of privatisation takes place  
G |  The newly formed MCST created by the lodgment of the Strata Title Plan is billed the costs of conversion (including legal, stamp and survey fees). The Management Corporation in return apportions the conversion costs amongst the flat units and recovers the apportioned conversion costs from the subsidiary proprietors by way of contributions levied on the subsidiary proprietors. The MCST also takes over the unexpended funds from the relevant Town Council which can range from a deficit to a surplus of more then [_sic_] a million dollars. |  The subsidiary proprietors receive an Invoice from the MCST in consequence requiring payment of the conversion costs within a deadline. The MCST then receives payment of their invoice from the various subsidiary proprietors.  
  
8\. Although the Protem Committee is not a registered entity (such as a
society or business), it has been given the duty and responsibility to
represent the lessees and to appoint solicitors to act on behalf of the
lessees. This is because it is impractical for the HDB to liaise with and
obtain feedback from all the lessees. The HDB uses the Protem Committee as a
communication channel between themselves, the Town Council and various other
government authorities.

9\. At every stage of the privatisation process, the HDB takes an extremely
active role, whether in terms of carrying out specific steps or in terms of
advising the Protem Committee on the appropriate steps to take.

…

13\. On 27 September 1996, the Estate was gazetted by the Government for
privatisation. A copy of the Government Gazette notification hereto and
marked, “CT-2”.

…

16\. The Estate was privatised on 1 February 2002 and is now known as the
Waterfront View Condominium.

**D. THE ROLE OF THE PROTEM COMMITTEE**

17\. Based on the Information Package from the HDB, the role of the Protem
Committee was to _inter alia_ :

(a) act as the flat owners’ representatives in the privatisation process;

(b) inform the HDB and other relevant authorities of the flat owners’ views on
the privatisation process;

(c) keep flat owners informed of the activities and progress of the
privatisation;

(d) appoint a firm of solicitors to advise the Protem Committee, and to handle
all the legal aspects of the privatisation process;

(e) liaise with HDB and other organisations, such as the Town Council, on
[issues] related to the privatisation; and

(f) to garner the support of at least 75% of the flat owners for
privatisation.

18\. The Protem Committee was at all times a group of resident volunteers set
up to co-ordinate the privatisation process and liaise with the flat owners of
the Estate. …

…

21\. The composition of the Protem Committee was continually in a flux, as the
members who left (whether due to work commitments or due to the fact that they
moved out of the Estate) would generally be replaced by new members.

**C. THE TERMS OF TAA’S RETAINER IN 1998/ QUANTUM OF LEGAL FEES**

22\. On or about mid December 1997, Mr Adrian Tang (“Adrian”) and Ms Jeanie
Hoon (“Jeanie”), who were members of the Protem Committee for the Estate,
approached TAA to give the Protem Committee a quotation of TAA’s legal fees
for handling the legal aspects of privatisation. …

23\. After this meeting and after some bargaining and negotiations via
telephone and correspondence, TAA finally gave a quotation to the Protem
Committee by way of a letter dated 5 January 1998 (“Retainer Agreement”).
Thereafter, the Protem Committee replied on the same day confirming the
appointment of TAA.

24\. It is significant that the letter confirming TAA’s appointment was copied
to the HDB’s Ms Ong Gan Bee Ghee, the Head of the Special Projects Unit at
HDB. …

2 Upon privatisation, TAP sent a bill dated 1 February 2002 for $197,911.31
being its fee and disbursements in the privatisation exercise. The bill was
addressed to the defendant who is the Management Corporation Strata Title Plan
No 2625 (“the MCST”). TAP claimed $47,634.64 being the balance payable under
their bill but the MCST refused to pay the same for a number of reasons. One
of the reasons was that the MCST was not the correct party who was liable to
pay TAP. As a consequence, TAP filed a writ of summons in the Subordinate
Courts. The writ was filed on 13 May 2002 as Magistrate’s Court Suit No 12394
of 2002. The parties eventually agreed that the following be tried as a
preliminary question or issue:

Whether, in the absence of contract or any other agreement between the
Plaintiffs and the Defendant, the Defendant is the proper party legally
obliged and/or under a statutory duty to pay the sum claimed by the Plaintiffs
under Section 126(9), Section 126A(3) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap
158).

3 TAP’s application for a preliminary issue to be tried was heard on 29
December 2003 by a deputy registrar who ruled that in the absence of contract
or any other agreement between the parties, the MCST was not legally obliged,
and/or under a statutory duty, to pay the sum claimed under s 126(9) or s
126A(3) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).
The deputy registrar also made consequential orders for, _inter alia_ , the
amendment of the statement of claim and costs.

4 TAP filed a notice of appeal to a district judge in chambers. TAP’s appeal
was heard on 25 February 2003. On 1 March 2003, the district judge allowed
TAP’s appeal and awarded costs of the appeal to TAP. In allowing the appeal,
the district judge answered the preliminary issue in the affirmative.

5 The MCST then filed a notice of appeal to a judge of the High Court in
chambers. The MCST’s appeal was heard by me. After hearing submissions from
the parties as well as from the Housing and Development Board (“HDB”), I
dismissed the MCST’s appeal with costs. In so doing, I was of the view that
notwithstanding the absence of contract or any other agreement between the
parties, the MCST was legally obliged and under a statutory duty to pay the
sum claimed by TAP under s 126(9) but not under s 126A(3) of the Act. I set
out below the arguments and my reasons.

6 Although the preliminary issue concerned ss 126(9) and 126A(3) of the Act, I
first set out below other provisions as well for a better appreciation of
these two provisions. Sections 126(9) and 126A(1)(a), (2), (3) and (4) of the
Act state:

126\. (9) Upon the registration of the strata title plan, the management
corporation of the parcel of land shall reimburse the person or persons who
incurred any expenditure for the purpose of —

(a) applying for the issue of subsidiary strata certificates of title for all
those flats comprised in a building or buildings erected on the parcel;

(b) lodging the transfer under subsection (1);

(c) the preparation of the strata title plan for the parcel;

(d) the publication of the notices referred to in subsection (6)(a); and

(e) issuing notices to the proprietors of the flats under subsection (6)(b).

**Application of section 126 to land vested in Housing and Development Board
and HUDC dwellings**

126A.—(1) In the application of section 126 to any designated land which is
vested in the Housing and Development Board —

(a) any reference therein to the registered proprietor of the land shall be
read as a reference to the Board;

…

(2) In addition to its duties specified in section 126(9) and (10), the
management corporation for any estate or interest in land transferred by the
Board under an application under section 126(1) shall pay to the Board —

(a) the cost of any estate or interest in land which was the subject of such
transfer; and

(b) the cost of any work carried out by the Board in accordance with the
directions of any other public authority prior to such transfer.

(3) The management corporation for any land transferred by the Board pursuant
to an application under section 126(1) shall, under a written demand by the
Board to pay the costs referred to in subsection (2) or any part thereof and
the expenses referred to in section 126(9), pay to the Board not later than 30
days of notice of the written demand those costs or that part thereof and
those expenses.

(4) If the costs or expenses referred to in subsection (3) are not paid by the
management corporation on the date due, the management corporation shall be
liable to pay interest in accordance with the rate specified by the Minister
charged with the responsibility for national development, such interest, if
unpaid, to constitute a debt due to the Board and recoverable as such.

**The arguments**

7 The MCST made various arguments. First, it argued that the reference to
reimbursement of persons who “incurred any expenditure” in s 126(9) was
directed at persons who were claiming reimbursement after having incurred
expenditure in paying someone who had provided services. Section 126(9) did
not make the MCST liable to pay the service provider itself. Furthermore,
“expenditure” did not imply an element of profit. Following from this
argument, the MCST’s position was that TAP should obtain payment from the
persons whom TAP contracted with and such persons would then seek
reimbursement from the MCST. However, if a lessee were to engage TAP to do the
work stated in s 126(9) on an individual basis, the lessee could not claim
against the MCST unless the work was done for the entire estate.

8 The MCST argued that when a party contracting with solicitors for a
privatisation exercise sought to claim reimbursement from the MCST, the MCST
would surely be entitled to raise an issue as to whether such an expenditure
was properly incurred.

9 The MCST further argued that if it were obliged to pay TAP directly, this
would leave it open to claims under contracts which it was not privy to and
had no control over, and this would deprive it of the protection afforded to
it to question whether the expenditure was properly incurred.

10 The MCST did not dispute that invoices had been sent to subsidiary
proprietors for payment of various items connected with the privatisation
exercise. The items included legal fees and the quantum of the legal fees
payable by the subsidiary proprietors of each unit as was charged by TAP, and
included TAP’s disbursements. However, the MCST stressed that while some
payments had been received pursuant to these invoices, it was not the council
of the MCST which had sent the invoices but the then managing agents, PREMAS
International Limited (“PREMAS”), and this was done before the council for the
MCST was elected. The council for the MCST was first elected only on 4 May
2002 after the HDB had convened the first Annual General Meeting of subsidiary
proprietors pursuant to the Act. From the time the Estate was privatised on 1
February 2002 until 4 May 2002, PREMAS was the managing agent appointed by
HDB.

11 The MCST also did not dispute that part payments of TAP’s bill had been
made but the MCST also stressed that such payments had been made by PREMAS and
not the council.

12 The MCST further pointed out, by analogy, that third party surveyors for
the privatisation exercise were paid by HDB and HDB would then claim back the
fees of such surveyors from the MCST. The MCST also relied on a page from one
of the information packages supplied by HDB which stated that HDB would bill
the costs (of the privatisation exercise) to the management corporation. I
will come back to this point later.

13 As for s 126A(3) of the Act, the MCST argued that this provision obliged it
only to make payment to the HDB.

14 The MCST further argued that as s 126A of the Act was to apply to land
vested in HDB, any reimbursement of expenditure would be governed by s 126A
and not s 126. The cleanest solution was for TAP to make its claim against
HDB, and for HDB to pay out of its own pocket first, and then claim the amount
from the MCST. The MCST’s counsel went on to suggest that if it was successful
in its appeal, it would be seeking repayment from TAP of whatever had already
been paid to it in respect of its bill. The MCST would then pay the moneys to
HDB when HDB makes a demand on the MCST for payment of the bill. Counsel was
not certain whether the MCST was prepared to short-circuit the process in that
if HDB gave a letter of demand to the MCST for payment, the MCST would assume
that payment had been made through the HDB to TAP and thereby, would not
require repayment from TAP.

15 On the other hand, TAP argued that it could not charge what it liked. It
had to submit a draft bill for HDB’s approval first. After approval had been
given, TAP then engrossed and sent the bill. It believed that after its draft
bill was approved, PREMAS then prepared and sent invoices to subsidiary
proprietors to claim for payment of various items, including legal fees, as I
have mentioned above. The subsidiary proprietors would pay the MCST and the
MCST could either pay HDB, with HDB then forwarding the payment to TAP, or HDB
would ask TAP to address the bill directly to the MCST. The latter was done in
the present case. TAP argued that HDB had never departed from this practice
and other management corporations had paid TAP directly. I would add that TAP
had acted in privatisation exercises in respect of some other HUDC estates as
well.

16 As for the meaning of the word “reimburse”, TAP submitted that it was not
confined to a situation where the claimant was already out of pocket first. It
relied on _The Shorter Oxford English Dictionary on Historical Principles_
(Clarendon Press, 3rd Ed) which defined “reimburse” at vol 2, p 1784 as:

1\. To repay or make up to a person (a sum expended). 2. To repay, recompense
(a person) …

In turn, “recompense” was defined in the same dictionary at vol 2, p 1765 as:

4\. Compensation or return for trouble, exertion, services or merit …

The word “expenditure” was defined at vol 1, p 705 as:

1\. The action or practice of expending; disbursement; consumption …

The word “expend” was defined at vol 1, p 705 as:

1\. … To pay away, lay out, spend (money)

The word “expense” was defined at vol 1, p 705 as:

3\. Burden of expenditure; … b. In pl esp.: ‘Money out of pocket’, or its
reimbursement ...

17 TAP argued that where two interpretations were possible, one of which would
frustrate the intention of the legislature and the other would smoothly
implement the scheme under the legislation, the latter should be preferred.

18 TAP also mentioned that, in fact, invoices had been sent to subsidiary
proprietors for payment of various items, including legal fees, associated
with the privatisation exercise and TAP had received part payments on its
bill, although this was done by PREMAS as the managing agent.

19 Pursuant to my direction to TAP to inquire of the HDB as to whether the HDB
would wish to be heard at the next hearing date before me, the HDB did file an
affidavit by Ong-Gan Bee Ghee, the Head, Special Projects Unit of HDB. Her
affidavit stated:

4\. The billing from HDB for the privatised Phases III/IV HUDC estates is for
costs incurred by HDB for the conversion of the existing HDB leases to strata
titles. So far the billing has been in 2 parts.

5\. The first bill comprises the cost of the transfer of the common property,
stamp duty for the transfer of the common property, survey fees payable to the
land surveyor, submission/processing fees for surveying works and lodgement of
transfer of the land.

6\. The second bill is essentially for works carried out to obtain the
Certificate of Statutory Completion. This comprises the construction costs for
the works in the estate to meet the barrier free requirements and the
professional fees for consultants (comprising architects, engineers,
accredited checkers, etc) and the processing fees for the various plan
submissions.

7\. The above costs are claimable by the HDB pursuant to section 126A(3) of
the Act. The works have to be carried out for the leases to be converted to
strata title.

8\. HDB had engaged land surveyors to carry out land and strata subdivision
and prepare Strata Title Plan for the privatisation of HUDC estates. Hence,
HDB paid the survey fees & related processing fees charged by the relevant
authorities such as the SLA, etc.

9\. With regard to the legal fees of the private solicitors, it is the usual
practice in our privatisation exercise for the private solicitors to collect
the fees directly from the MCST. The legal fees are for works the solicitors
undertake and carry out for and on behalf of the flat owners in the
privatisation exercise. This has been the practice adopted by HDB in
privatisation exercises involving Phases III & IV HUDC estates.

20 Although this affidavit did not specifically state that the Estate was a
Phase III or IV HUDC estate, it was not disputed that the Estate was a Phase
III or IV HUDC estate.

21 However, the affidavit of Ms Ong-Gan also did not make it clear whether
private solicitors acting in a privatisation exercise are engaged by HDB and,
if so engaged by HDB, whether private solicitors’ bills are usually covered by
the first bill from HDB under the cost of the transfer of the common property.
The affidavit also did not elaborate as to whom HDB’s bills are addressed,
_ie_ , to the management corporation or to the subsidiary proprietors
individually. Unfortunately, her affidavit also did not elaborate why private
solicitors are to collect their fees directly from the management corporation
but land surveyors are paid directly by HDB. It seemed to me that her
affidavit was suggesting that private solicitors are engaged by HDB but, in
practice, these solicitors will collect their fees directly from the
management corporation. I say this because her affidavit did not specifically
say that private solicitors are engaged by the Protem Committee. Perhaps the
situation varied from one privatisation exercise to another.

22 At the next hearing before me, HDB also provided an explanatory statement
which was treated as its submission. In its explanatory statement, HDB opined
that ss 126A(3) and (4) are to assist HDB, and only HDB, to obtain prompt
payment. These provisions have no application to costs and expenses incurred
by other parties who would nevertheless be entitled to reimbursement from the
management corporation under s 126(9) of the Act. In the opinion of HDB, the
legal fees of private solicitors should be reimbursed by the management
corporation under s 126(9). As the work of the private solicitors are for and
on behalf of the lessees, the lessees are the ones ultimately liable to pay
the legal fees, through the management corporation.

23 It was not in dispute that the lessees are ultimately liable to pay the
legal fees of private solicitors. However, the explanatory statement did not
elaborate on why private solicitors would have to claim their fees from the
management corporation but land surveyors need not when, from information
packages provided by HDB, the lessees are also ultimately liable to pay land
survey fees.

24 Notwithstanding the lack of clarity as to the reason why the mechanics of
payment of legal fees and survey fees are different, the issue before me
remained, _ie_ , whether the MCST was liable to pay TAP’s bill under s 126(9)
and/or s 126A(3) of the Act in the absence of any contract or agreement
between TAP and the MCST.

**The court’s reasons**

25 I will deal with s 126A(3) first. I was of the view that this provision did
not assist TAP on the present facts. If HDB had paid TAP and then sought
reimbursement from the MCST, s 126A(3) would apply. Even if HDB had not yet
paid TAP but were under a legal obligation to pay them, it was likely that HDB
would still be able to claim payment from the MCST under s 126A(3). However,
in either scenario, HDB would have to make a written demand on the MCST for
payment before s 126A(3) kicked in.

26 The question, therefore, was whether the MCST was liable to pay TAP
directly under s 126(9).

27 Although TAP and HDB took the position that TAP could claim payment direct
from the MCST, a page from one of the information packages supplied by HDB
suggested otherwise and, as I have mentioned, the MCST relied on this page.
This page stated:

_PAYMENT_

HDB will bill the costs to the MC upon registration of the STP.

MC to recover costs from the subsidiary proprietors by way of contributions.

The costs payable by CPF monies are:

i) carpark costs; and

ii) survey/legal costs

This page suggested that HDB would claim the legal and other costs of a
privatisation exercise from the management corporation and appeared to support
the MCST’s contention that it was for HDB to claim the legal costs from the
MCST and not TAP.

28 However, I noted that the information package is not part of the
legislation. Furthermore, it did not prohibit HDB from asking solicitors to
direct their bills and claim payment directly from the management corporation.
It seemed to me that HDB had initially contemplated that it would claim all
costs of a privatisation exercise from the management corporation but
subsequently decided that legal costs should be claimed by private solicitors
directly from the management corporation.

29 After careful consideration, I was of the view that the other arguments of
the MCST were without merit.

30 As regards the MCST’s argument that it could question whether the
expenditure was properly incurred before paying the party who had contracted
with TAP, I was of the view that if the MCST had a right to question that
party, then likewise, it would also have the right to question TAP. After all,
it would also not have a contract with the party who had contracted with TAP.
Furthermore, no one was suggesting that the MCST would have to close its eyes
and pay TAP blindly. The issue before me was whether the MCST was liable to
pay in the absence of a direct contractual relationship, assuming that there
was no other reason to deny payment.

31 Also, as it was the Protem Committee which engaged TAP, the MCST’s argument
meant that the Protem Committee would have to pay TAP first. Yet where would
the Protem Committee get the money from? Were the individual members of the
Protem Committee supposed to pay from their own pockets first?

32 Likewise, I did not agree that the cleanest solution was for TAP to claim
payment from HDB and then for HDB to claim reimbursement from the MCST. That
was one mechanism but not the only one, and not necessarily the cleanest one.
It would entail HDB being out of pocket first. It made sense to me that
private solicitors should be able to claim directly from the management
corporation.

33 As for the terms of s 126(9) of the Act, I was of the view that it was not
well-drafted. The reference to reimbursement of persons who incurred any
expenditure would commonly be taken to mean the payment to someone who has
already incurred an expenditure but not payment to the service provider
itself. Nevertheless, I accepted TAP’s argument that this was not its only
meaning and it could mean the payment to the service provider. Furthermore,
TAP would have incurred disbursements which would, in any event, be covered by
the MCST’s interpretation of the reimbursement of persons who have incurred
expenditure. If the MCST’s interpretation were correct, this would mean that
the MCST is liable to pay TAP’s disbursements but not its fees which had to be
claimed through the Protem Committee or HDB. In my view, such an absurd result
could not have been intended by Parliament.

34 It also seemed to me that the purpose of the scheme under s 126(9) was to
facilitate payment, whether it be payment to the person who incurred the
stipulated expenses and/or engaged the service provider, or payment to the
service provider itself. Accordingly, in my view, this purposive
interpretation was the correct one.

35 I did not agree with the MCST’s argument that because the land on which the
Estate stood was HDB land, s 126A applied to the exclusion of s 126. In my
view, s 126A was meant to apply the provisions of s 126 to HDB land upon the
undertaking of a privatisation exercise and not to exclude s 126.

36 As mentioned in [5] above, I dismissed the MCST’s appeal with costs.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Aug 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

