Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Jumabhoy Rafiq v Scotts Investments (Singapore) Pte Ltd  
[2004] SGCA 48

Case Number | : | CA 15/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 06 October 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Lai Siu Chiu J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Bar Tien and Winston Quek Seng Soon (B T Tan and Co) for appellant; Harish Kumar and Linda Ong (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Jumabhoy Rafiq — Scotts Investments (Singapore) Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Appellant director of respondent company –
Respondent conceding liability for expenses properly incurred by appellant –
Trial judge ordering Registrar to conduct inquiry as to expenses incurred by
appellant – Whether trial judge correct in awarding costs of proceedings to
respondent  
  
Companies – Directors – Remuneration – Appellant director of respondent
company – Respondent passing resolutions and issuing indemnities purporting to
indemnify appellant for costs and expenses incurred – Whether such agreements
amounting to undertaking to remunerate appellant on time-costs basis  
  
Contract – Implied contracts – Quantum meruit – Appellant director of
respondent company – Respondent's articles of association specifically
providing for appellant's remuneration – Whether appellant nevertheless
entitled to remuneration on quantum meruit basis  
  
Words and Phrases – Meaning of "indemnify for ... costs and expenses" –
Whether covering appellant's remuneration  
  

6 October 2004

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an appeal by a director of a company against a decision of the High
Court refusing his claim for remuneration: see _Scotts Investments (Singapore)
Pte Ltd v Jumabhoy Ameerali_ [2004] SGHC 20. We heard the appeal on 25 August
2004 and dismissed it with costs. We now give our reasons.

**The background**

2 The respondent, Scotts Investment (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“SIS”), a company
then under compulsory liquidation, instituted Suit No 736 of 2002, against,
_inter alia_ , the appellant, Rafiq Jumabhoy (“RJ”), for breaches of duty as a
director of SIS. The other two defendants to the action were Ameerali R
Jumabhoy, the father of RJ, and Iqbal Jumabhoy, the brother of RJ. In turn, RJ
counterclaimed for remuneration amounting to some $916,275 allegedly due to
him from SIS, as well as for the reimbursement of expenses totalling
$164,034.68, which RJ asserted that he had incurred on account of SIS.
Eventually, the claim of SIS against RJ and the other two defendants was
discontinued. What remained was the counterclaim of RJ.

3 The counterclaim was in respect of work done and services rendered by RJ to
SIS as well as expenses incurred by him on account of SIS pursuant to three
resolutions passed by the board of SIS, _ie,_ the resolutions of 27 July 1996,
6 August 1996 and 18 June 1997, and the written indemnities dated 30 June 1997
and 9 October 1997 given by SIS to RJ.

4 SIS was incorporated in May 1991 to hold the Jumabhoy family’s stake in
Scotts Holding Ltd, a public listed company. One of SIS’s main subsidiaries
was Lion City Holdings Pte Ltd (“LCH”). Besides the persons already mentioned
above, the other members of the Jumabhoy family which we ought to identify for
this case are Yusuf Jumabhoy (“YJ”) and Mustafa Jumabhoy (“MJ”), who are the
brothers of ARJ and uncles of RJ; and Assad Jumabhoy (“AJ”), a brother of RJ.

5 By the mid-1990s, the members of the Jumabhoy family, including grandfather
Rajabali Jumabhoy, were involved in protracted legal proceedings brought about
by a certain financial crisis in SIS. Banks which had granted facilities to
SIS became alarmed. The members of the Jumabhoy family were concerned that the
banks might act against SIS.

6 It was during that period that the resolutions were passed by the board of
SIS empowering YJ and RJ to carry out certain acts on behalf of the company.
YJ and RJ were expected to deal with the banks, which RJ did. We would observe
that in undertaking the tasks, RJ would also be protecting his own interest in
SIS. As the counterclaim of RJ rested entirely on the resolutions passed and
the indemnities given, it is necessary that we set out the material parts of
those documents in extenso:

**27 July 1996 resolution**

IT WAS RESOLVED THAT without prejudice to their respective rights and the
right of the other plaintiffs and/or defendants [_sic_] under the various
suits which have been filed and further reserving the rights of some of the
Company directors challenging the legality of the investment in LCH and the
guarantees provided to LCH by the Company pursuant to Article 112 of the
Articles of Association of the Company Mr Yusuf Jumabhoy and Mr Rafiq Jumabhoy
be appointed from among the directors of the Company _to review the Company’s
investment in LCH to determine the steps (if any) to be taken by the Company
to safeguard the Company’s investment in LCH and all amounts owing to the
Company or guaranteed by Company for the debts of LCH_ and to exercise all the
powers of the Board in connection therewith and all things incidental thereto
including without limitation:

(a) deciding all questions, taking all steps required and approving all
matters to give effect to such steps as they may agree to take vis-à-vis LCH
pursuant to their review;

(b) obtaining such reports or other data as they may deem necessary to assist
them in their review and in determining the steps to be taken vis-à-vis LCH;

(c) _instructing M/s Rajah & Tann as solicitors for the Company,_ and any
other professional advisers (including auditors) or any third party on all
matters relating to LCH and to settle the terms of their appointment; and

(d) exercising all discretion and doing all acts and things necessary or
expedient to give effect to all matters referred to in this resolution.

and the Company shall _indemnify_ Mr Yusuf Jumabhoy and Mr Rafiq Jumabhoy _for
all costs and expenses_ incurred by them (or each of them) personally in
respect of their appointment _._

That M/s Rajah & Tann be appointed as the Company’s solicitors to act for the
Company in relation to all matters regarding LCH …

[emphasis added]

[The 6 August 1996 resolution was in all material respects similar to that
dated 27 July 1996 except that this related to SIS’s investment in SHL.]

**18 June 1997 resolution**

IT WAS RESOLVED that in consideration for _his taking action for the recovery
of the assets of the company_ , Mr Rafiq Jumabhoy _be fully indemnified for
all costs and expenses incurred and against all legal liability_ as far as
permitted by law with regards to LCH, _its subsidiaries and associates_ and in
the pursuit of any action to be taken on behalf of SIS/LCH _as advised by the
company’s solicitors_. [emphasis added]

**30 June 1997 indemnity**

In consideration of your agreeing to reasonably assist (at the cost and
expense of the relevant company and/or ourselves) (1) in the recovery of the
assets of SIS, Lion City Holdings Pte Ltd (LCH) and/or its subsidiaries and
associated companies, and including, without limitation, Scotts Weitnauer
Retailing Pte Ltd, Cost Plus Pte Ltd, Connoisseurs (Private) Limited, Landberg
Holdings Pte Ltd and Richberg Holdings Pte Ltd (“LCH Group”) (2) the
prosecution of any claim which any company of the LCH Group may have and/or
(3) any reasonable action in connection with the affairs of any company of the
LCH Group _as may be advised by the company’s solicitors, we agree to
indemnify you and keep you indemnified at all times,_ to the extent permitted
by law, out of our assets against all costs and expenses and liabilities
incurred or suffered by you in connection with any of the foregoing, until
such time as this indemnity is revoked in writing. [emphasis added]

**9 October 1997 indemnity**

In consideration of having agreed to our request to undertake such duties as
Nominee Director of _Rosebury Holdings Limited_ , a New Zealand incorporated
Company, we … will _indemnify_ you, and keep you indemnified against all
claims, demands, and payments for which you may in the course of or arising
out of such service render yourself liable and against all actions, suits,
proceedings, claims, demands, costs, expenses and all other liabilities
whatsoever, which may be taken or made against you in the course of arising
out of such service. [emphasis added]

7 We would add that the appellant also relied on some prior correspondence
with YJ to show the setting in which the resolutions were adopted. Apparently,
being concerned that he would have to spend some time on the affairs of SIS,
on 14 May 1996, while he was in South America, RJ wrote to YJ and raised the
question of his remuneration. In this letter, RJ offered his services to SIS
and asked for a fixed monthly pay of $25,000. YJ did not reply. RJ claimed
that YJ agreed to the proposal contained in the letter. RJ said that YJ had
assured him that YJ would procure SIS board resolutions to ensure that RJ
would obtain payment for his time spent and expenses incurred. However, this
was refuted by YJ who told the court that the proposal in the letter was, to
quote him, “nonsense”. In this regard we should perhaps mention that a letter
dated 18 May 1996 from RJ to YJ was also produced to court wherein RJ referred
to a conversation he had with Mr Andrew Smith, an investment consultant of
SIS, where he told Mr Smith that he (RJ) was still awaiting a reply to his
letter of 14 May 1996.

**The decision below**

8 It would be noted that the basis of RJ’s claim was not for a fixed monthly
sum, as claimed in the letter of 14 May 1996, but on a time-costs basis. While
the judge was clearly aware that the dictionary meaning of “costs” could cover
time costs in a “wide, literary and even economic sense”, he found that the
words “costs and expenses” in the first two resolutions meant that the
directors would be covered for all out-of-pocket expenses, but not a
director’s remuneration which had to be specifically approved by the board.
Neither was a director entitled to remuneration based on _quantum meruit_. In
this regard, he relied on the case of _In re Richmond Gate Property Co Ltd_
[1965] 1 WLR 335 (“ _Re Richmond Gate_ ”).

9 The trial judge accepted YJ’s evidence that YJ did not agree to RJ’s
proposal in the letter of 14 May 1996. Neither did the judge accept RJ’s
arguments that the board had, by virtue of the resolutions, agreed to pay RJ a
remuneration for his time spent in the affairs of SIS. The judge also held
that as the appellant had contended that the words “costs and expenses” were
intended by members of the board to cover remuneration as well, then the
appellant should have adduced evidence from the directors who partook in the
deliberations on the resolutions to substantiate the appellant’s claim that
those words were intended to have a wider sense. No such evidence was
forthcoming.

**The arguments of the appellant**

10 Before us the main argument advanced by RJ was the same as that canvassed
in the court below, namely, that the company by its resolutions agreeing to
indemnify “Mr Yusuf Jumabhoy and Mr Rafiq Jumabhoy for all costs and expenses
incurred by them (or each of them) personally in respect of their
appointment”, had thereby agreed to pay RJ for his time costs. The time costs
were no less costs incurred by RJ and they should be reimbursed by the
company.

11 RJ maintained that the resolutions be viewed against the backdrop that, on
14 May 1996, RJ had written to YJ asking for a fixed sum remuneration and
there had been no response thereto. He submitted that the resolutions were
thus the collective response of the board to his request for remuneration in
respect of the time which he would spend in relation to the affairs of the
company.

12 Counsel for RJ also pointed out that the judge was wrong to have thought
that because SIS was in financial difficulties the company could not have
agreed to pay a director for the time he had so spent. Neither did it matter
that the board of SIS did not discuss a great deal over the resolutions.

**Our views**

13 We agreed with the submission of RJ’s counsel that the crucial question was
whether one could say, looking at the resolutions and the indemnities, that
there was an agreement to pay RJ for the time he spent in the affairs of the
company, _ie_ , his time costs. We also agreed with the words of his counsel
that “if there is an agreement, there is an agreement” even though the company
might be in financial difficulties or, in passing the resolutions, there did
not appear to be a great deal of discussions on them.

14 It is trite law that in construing the meaning or scope of a document the
subjective intention of the individual party is irrelevant. As the learned
authors of _Chitty on Contracts_ (Sweet & Maxwell, 29th Ed, 2004), state at
para 12-043:

The task of ascertaining the intention of the parties must be approached
objectively: the question is not what one or other of the parties meant or
understood by the words used, but “the meaning which the document would convey
to a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which would
reasonably have been available to the parties in the situation in which they
were at the time of the contract” [_Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West
Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1 WLR 896 at 912]. The cardinal presumption
is that the parties have intended what they have in fact said, so that their
words must be construed as they stand. That is to say the meaning of the
document or of a particular part of it is to be sought _in the document
itself_. “One must consider the meaning of the words used, not what one may
guess to be the intention of the parties” [_Smith v Lucas_ (1881) 18 Ch D 531
at 542]. However, this is not to say that the meaning of the words in a
written document must be ascertained by reference to the words of the document
alone. In the modern law, the courts will, in principle, look at all the
circumstances surrounding the making of the contract which would assist in
determining how the language of the document would have been understood by a
reasonable man. [emphasis in original]

15 The words that lay at the centre of this dispute were “indemnify for …
costs and expenses”. It seemed to us clear and, here we agreed with the judge,
that in the context of the resolutions, “costs and expenses” could not cover
the remuneration of the two directors whom the board had authorised to act on
behalf of the company. That expression should be limited to liabilities and
expenses that would be incurred by the two directors in carrying out the tasks
assigned to them, whether already paid by them or yet to be paid.

16 In several places in the Appellant’s Case, the point was made that the
burden of disproving RJ’s case lay on SIS. This would be correct only if RJ
had shown that he was _prima facie_ , on the basis of the resolutions,
entitled to remuneration for the time he spent on the affairs of the company.
This was where the appellant failed. As the judge astutely observed, [1]
_supra_ , at [6]:

Dictionary meanings of common words are always helpful, but when a document is
being challenged in court as to what the words in it mean, the general and
wide ambit of dictionary meanings can be misleading, instead of enlightening.

17 Clearly, it would not be good enough to point out that one of the meanings
of a word is either this or that. Very often, a word will, according to the
dictionary, have a spectrum of meanings. It is the context which will
determine what is the correct meaning to give to a word in a document. Here,
we thought the following observations of P O Lawrence J in _Mills v Cannon
Brewery Co, Ltd_ [1920] 2 Ch 38 at 44–45 were directly on point:

One of the main objects of every dictionary of the English language is to give
an adequate and comprehensive definition of every word contained in it, which
involves setting forth all the different meanings which can properly be given
to the particular word. The Court, on the other hand, in determining what is
the true meaning of a particular word used in an instrument which it has to
construe, has to ascertain in what sense the parties to that instrument have
used the word: all the help the Court can derive from dictionaries in such a
case is, in case of doubt, to ascertain that the meaning which it comes to the
conclusion ought to be attributed to the word is one which may properly be
given to it.

18 Another equally poignant remark was made by Lord Hoffmann in _Mannai
Investment Co Ltd v Eagle Star Life Assurance Co Ltd_ [1997] AC 749 at 775:

The meaning of words, as they would appear in a dictionary, and the effect of
their syntactical arrangement, as it would appear in a grammar, is part of the
material which we use to understand a speaker’s utterance. But it is only a
part; another part is our knowledge of the background against which the
utterance was made. It is that background which enables us, not only to choose
the intended meaning when a word has more than one dictionary meaning but also
… to understand a speaker’s meaning, often without ambiguity, when he has used
the wrong words.

19 Thus, the context or the background against which certain words are used
are germane to determining their meaning. It seemed to us that it was in this
regard that the judge below referred to the financial position of the company,
as well as the lack of discussion, to show that the members of the board could
not have intended to adopt the broadest literal sense of the word “costs” and
to give RJ a blank cheque to fix his own time rate. Be that as it may, we
would emphasise here that the words “all costs and expenses” were preceded by
the word “indemnify”. Thus, the word “costs” could only mean an item or items
of debt which the two directors were liable to pay to others and which costs
they had incurred in carrying out the tasks assigned to them. To label a claim
for remuneration by a director as a “cost” incurred by him, was, in our view,
contrived.

20 Moreover, we think we were fortified in this view that the word “costs”
could not be construed to cover remuneration of a director as that
construction would be inconsistent with the articles of association of the
company. For this purpose, two articles were most germane:

**Article 77**

The Directors other than a Managing Director shall be paid out of the funds of
the Company remuneration for their services _at such rate as the Company in
General Meeting may_ from time to time _determine_ and such remuneration shall
be divided among them in such proportions and manner as the Directors may
determine and in default of such determination within the year equally.
[emphasis added]

**Article 80**

Each Director shall be paid all his travelling, hotel and other expenses
properly incurred by him … and _if any Director being willing shall be called
upon to perform extra services_ … for any of the purposes of the Company _the
Company shall remunerate the Director so doing by a fixed sum of money to be
determined by the Directors_ and such remuneration may be either in addition
to or in substitution for his or their share in the remuneration above
provided. [emphasis added]

21 From Art 77, it will be noted that the rate of remuneration to be paid to a
director, other than a managing director, required the approval of a general
meeting. As for Art 80, which seemed to complement Art 77, it provided that
where a director was willing to perform extra services, the board would fix
the sum which the company would pay the directors for the extra services. The
claim of RJ satisfied neither of these requirements. It was not for a fixed
sum and neither was the time rate which he claimed approved by a general
meeting. In fact, he did not aver that he had indicated any time rate to the
board.

22 For the above reasons, the claim for remuneration on the basis of the
resolutions and the indemnities must fail.

_**Quantum Meruit**_

23 We now turn to consider RJ’s claim for remuneration based on _quantum
meruit_. In the light of the contents of the resolutions, there could be no
doubt that the board of SIS had requested RJ to undertake the tasks.

24 In _Re Richmond Gate_ ([8] _supra_), a case relied on by the judge, Plowman
J held that where there were express terms in the articles of association for
the payment of remuneration to a managing director, there was no room for a
claim in _quantum meruit_.

25 The ruling in _Re Richmond Gate_ was upheld in the later case of _Guinness
Plc v Saunders_ [1990] 2 AC 663, where the appellant had received money from
the respondent company in return for work on a take-over bid whilst he was a
director of a company. The House of Lords ordered the appellant to return the
money because no resolution had been passed authorising the payment as
required by the articles of association. The House also rejected the
appellant’s claim in _quantum meruit_ because such payment to directors had to
be in accordance with the articles. Lord Templeman explained the position at
689 and 692:

… [T]he short answer to a quantum meruit claim based on an implied contract by
Guinness to pay reasonable remuneration for services rendered is that there
can be no contract by Guinness to pay special remuneration for the services of
a director unless that contract is entered into by the board pursuant to
article 91. The short answer to the claim for an equitable allowance is
theequitable principle which forbids a trustee to make a profit out of his
trust unless the trust instrument, in this case the articles of association of
Guinness, so provides. The law cannot and equity will not amend the articles
of Guinness. The court is not entitled to usurp the functions conferred on the
board by the articles.

…

Equity forbids a trustee to make a profit out of his trust. The articles of
association of Guinness relax the strict rule of equity to the extent of
enabling a director to make a profit provided that the board of directors
contracts on behalf of Guinness for the payment of special remuneration or
decides to award special remuneration. Mr Ward did not obtain a contract or a
grant from the board of directors. Equity has no power to relax its own strict
rule further than and inconsistently with the express relaxation contained in
the articles of association. A shareholder is entitled to compliance with the
articles. A director accepts office subject to and with the benefit of the
provisions of the articles relating to directors.

26 However, Lord Goff of Chieveley (with whose views Lord Griffiths agreed)
seemed to envisage the possibility that a director could, in appropriate
circumstances, be paid an equitable allowance for work done. He rationalised
as follows, at 700–701:

The leading authorities on the doctrine have been rehearsed in the opinion of
my noble and learned friend, Lord Templeman. These indeed demonstrate that
thedirectors of a company, like other fiduciaries, must not put themselves in
a position where there is a conflict between their personal interestsand their
duties as fiduciaries, and are for that reason precluded from contracting with
the company for their services except in circumstances authorised by the
articles of association. Similarly, just as trustees are not entitled, in the
absence of an appropriate provision in the trust deed, to remuneration for
their services as trustees, so directors are not entitled to remuneration for
their services as directors except as provided by the articles of association.

_Plainly, it would be inconsistent with this long-established principle to
award remuneration in such circumstances as of right on the basis of a quantum
meruit claim. But the principle does not altogether exclude the possibility
that an equitable allowance might be made in respect of services rendered._
That such an allowance may be made to a trustee for work performed by him for
the benefit of the trust, even though he was not in the circumstances entitled
to remuneration under the terms of the trust deed, is now well established. In
_Phipps v Boardman_ [1964] 1 WLR 993, the solicitor to a trust and one of the
beneficiaries were held accountable to another beneficiary for a proportion of
the profits made by them from the sale of shares bought by them with the aid
of information gained by the solicitor when acting for the trust. Wilberforce
J directed that, when accounting for such profits, not merely should a
deduction be made for expenditure which was necessary to enable the profit to
be realised, but also a liberal allowance or credit should be made for their
work and skill. …

Wilberforce J’s decision, including his decision to make such an allowance,
was later to be affirmed by the House of Lords: _sub nom_ _Boardman v Phipps_
[1967] 2 AC 46.

It will be observed that the decision to make the allowance was founded upon
the simple proposition that “it would be inequitable now for the beneficiaries
to step in and take the profit without paying for the skill and labour which
has produced it.” Ex hypothesi, such an allowance was not in the circumstances
authorised by the terms of the trust deed; furthermore it was held that there
had not been full and proper disclosure by the two defendants to the
successful plaintiff beneficiary. The inequity was found in the simple
proposition that the beneficiaries were taking the profit although, if Mr
Boardman (the solicitor) had not done the work, they would have had to employ
an expert to do the work for them in order to earn that profit.

_The decision has to be reconciled with the fundamental principle that a
trustee is not entitled to remuneration for services rendered by him to the
trust except as expressly provided in the trust deed. Strictly speaking, it is
irreconcilable with the rule as so stated. It seems to me therefore that it
can only be reconciled with it to the_ _extent that the exercise of the
equitable jurisdiction does not conflict with the policy underlying the rule.
And, as I see it, such a conflict will only be avoided if the exercise of the
jurisdiction is restricted to those cases where it cannot have the effect of
encouraging trustees in any way to put themselves in a position where their
interests conflict with their duties as trustees_ _._

Not only was the equity underlying Mr Boardman’s claim in _Phipps v Boardman_
clear and, indeed, overwhelming; but the exercise of the jurisdiction to award
an allowance in the unusual circumstances of that case could not provide any
encouragement to trustees to put themselves in a position where their duties
as trustees conflicted with their interests.

[emphasis added]

27 Even then, Lord Goff refused to grant the appellant an equitable allowance
as he was concerned that this might amount to “interference by the court in
the administration of a company’s affairs when the company is not being wound
up”: at 701. Furthermore, the appellant had put himself in a position in which
his interests were in stark conflict with his duty as a director by agreeing
to provide his services in return for a substantial fee, the size of which was
dependent on the amount of a successful bid by Guinness.

28 Assuming that there was such a jurisdiction in the court to grant an
equitable allowance to a company director, RJ had not shown why such an
allowance should be paid to him. Quite clearly, his claim for time costs would
put him in a position of conflict with the interests of the company as the
slower he worked the better it would be for himself but not so for the
company.

29 Accordingly, RJ was not entitled to claim based on _quantum meruit._

**The question of costs**

30 An ancillary point raised in this appeal related to the question of costs.
Besides the claim for remuneration, RJ had in his counterclaim also claimed
for reimbursement of expenses which he had incurred on behalf of SIS. The
decision of the judge on this was as follows ([1] _supra_ , at [8]):

… [A]s I had alluded to them earlier, the words “costs and expenses” clearly
meant that he would be reimbursed _if_ he had incurred any out-of-pocket
expenses on behalf of SIS. I, therefore, ordered an inquiry to determine _if
any such costs and expenses_ had, in fact, been incurred. [emphasis added]

31 RJ had set out in five tables his claim for the expenses which he had
incurred on behalf of SIS. The position taken by SIS was that none of the
items claimed were incurred on behalf of SIS. SIS did not say that it was not
liable to reimburse RJ for expenses which he had properly incurred on behalf
of SIS.

32 The judge gave the costs of the proceedings before him to SIS. Counsel for
RJ argued that as RJ had won on the question of reimbursement for expenses,
and thus had partially succeeded, the judge was wrong to have given full costs
of the hearing before him to SIS. With respect, we did not share this
perception. The judge did not determine whether any of the items which RJ had
claimed as expenses should be allowed. Obviously, pursuant to the resolutions,
RJ was entitled to be reimbursed with respect to expenses incurred on behalf
of SIS. No one could argue against that. Neither did SIS. The inquiry which
the judge ordered would go into the various items of claim to see if any of
them was incurred on behalf of SIS. The costs to be incurred for the inquiry
are a matter for the Registrar to decide after he has made his determination
on the items claimed. The costs which SIS were entitled to pursuant to the
decision of the judge were only in respect of the question of RJ’s claim for
remuneration.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 06 Oct 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

