Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Acrux"  
[2004] SGHC 198

Case Number | : | Adm in Rem 57/2004, RA 221/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Loo Dip Seng, Goh Kok Leong and John Wang (Ang and Partners) for plaintiff; Augustine Liew (Haridass Ho and Partners) for defendant   
Parties | : | —  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Admiralty jurisdiction and arrest – Action in rem –
Defendant's vessel arrested by plaintiff for failure to make payment by
deadline – Defendant making part payment and later paying shortfall and
interest under protest – Whether declaration of rights as regards payment
under protest remaining a claim within admiralty jurisdiction – Whether
plaintiff only entitled to security limited to cost of action up to payment
under protest or release of vessel – Section 3(1)(l) High Court (Admiralty
Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Admiralty jurisdiction and arrest – Action in rem –
Defendant's vessel arrested by plaintiff for failure to make payment by
deadline – Whether defendant had provided security by way of earlier guarantee
– Whether claim paid once defendant gave instructions to bankers to remit
payment – Whether plaintiff entitled to claim for shortfall – Section 3(1)(l)
High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  
Admiralty and Shipping – Practice and procedure of action in rem – Duty of
disclosure – Whether plaintiff failing to make full and frank disclosure in ex
parte application for arrest  
  

7 September 2004

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 This appeal was brought by the defendant, as owner of the _Acrux_ , to set
aside the _in rem_ writ on the ground that the plaintiff’s claim had been
paid, so much so that there was no basis for the arrest of the _Acrux_ in the
first place. It was also contended on behalf of the defendant that on the _ex
parte_ application for the arrest of the _Acrux_ , there had not been full
disclosure of all material facts. There was the usual prayer for the plaintiff
to pay damages for wrongful arrest. At the conclusion of the hearing, I upheld
the decision of the Senior Assistant Registrar, Ms Thian Yee Sze, and
dismissed the defendant’s appeal. I now publish my reasons.

2 On 2 April 2004, the plaintiff, Schaar & Niemeyer (Far East) Pte Ltd,
commenced _in rem_ proceedings against the _Acrux_ whose registered owner at
all relevant times was Acrux Shipping Ltd, a Maltese company. The plaintiff’s
claim arose from the alleged failure of the defendant to pay for goods and
materials supplied to the _Acrux_.

3 It was not seriously disputed that the plaintiff’s claim in this action was
within s 3(1)(l) of the High Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act (Cap 123, 2001
Rev Ed). I was persuaded that the plaintiff had satisfied the standard of
proof required in an application to set aside an arrest of a vessel. That is
to say, there was an arguable case that the defendant was the party liable in
an _in personam_ action. The plaintiff was not required to show that it was
likely to win: see _The St Elefterio_ [1957] P 179; _The Rainbow Spring_
[2003] 3 SLR 362. I shall elaborate on the reasons for my decision.

4 It is important to bear in mind the dates of some of the documents and
events because it may possibly explain the furore over the arrested vessel. It
is convenient to mention that the plaintiff’s claims were outstanding for
about two years and the defendant did not settle the debt by the end of March
2004 as agreed to between the vessel’s manager, Accord Ship Management (Pvt)
Ltd, and the plaintiff. At about the same time, the plaintiff learnt of the
sale of the _Acrux_ and her delivery to the new owner was scheduled for the
period between 6 and 9 April 2004. The prevailing concern, after the defendant
failed to make payment, was to ensure early recovery of the indebtedness
before the plaintiff’s _in rem_ rights became prejudiced. Mr Rene Heim, the
managing director of the plaintiff, wrote on 31 March 2004 to Mr Mauro
Balzarini, who is the beneficial owner of Galaxy Group Holding, the 100%
shareholder of Acrux Shipping Ltd, informing him that if a bank guarantee in
the sum of $51,064.06 was not provided by 1 April 2004 or payment was not
received by 9.00am (Singapore time) on 2 April 2004, he would instruct a
lawyer to arrest the _Acrux_. In the same fax, Mr Heim informed Mr Balzarini
that the guarantee from Siba Ships Spa, a related company, was unacceptable. A
guarantee from Siba Ships Spa was viewed as “practically worthless”. Another
guarantee from Siba Ships Spa, this time to pay $51,064.06 out of the deposit
the defendant expected to receive following the sale of the _Acrux,_ was also
rejected. The defendant, however, took a different view on this, arguing that
the plaintiff should not have arrested the vessel, as security for its claim
had been furnished by way of the second guarantee from Siba Ships Spa. I
prefer the plaintiff’s view, as it is consistent with the defendant’s
subsequent instructions to its bank to remit $51,064.06 to the plaintiff.
Besides, the affidavit evidence of Claus Trenner of M/s Thümmel, Schütz &
Partners, the plaintiff’s German lawyers, corroborated Mr Heim’s account of
the events.

5 Counsel for the defendant, Mr Augustine Liew, pinned the defendant’s
opposition on the primary issue of whether or not there was an existing cause
of action as at the date of commencement of these proceedings. He argued that
the plaintiff’s claim was paid in the sense that the defendant had on 2 April
2004 given instructions to its bankers to remit payment to the plaintiff and
that was understood by all concerned to suffice as timely payment. Counsel’s
argument is unsustainable on the evidence. The plaintiff was expecting payment
into its bank account and there was no payment on 2 April 2004 by 9.00am. I
was satisfied on the evidence that there was no agreement that the plaintiff
had changed its earlier position and agreed to wait until 6 April 2004 for
payment. The alleged remittance advice produced by the defendant showed 6
April 2004 as the value date. Counsel was unable to point to any evidence to
show that there was _consensus ad idem_ to accept payment on 6 April 2004. In
stipulating the value date as 6 April 2004 on the remittance advice, the
plaintiff did not obtain an immediate and unconditional right to use of the
money until the value date: see _The Chikuma_ [1981] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 371.
Separately, it is convenient to mention that the text of the remittance advice
relied on by the defendant was in Italian. It was sent to the plaintiff
without an English translation and the document itself bore no identification
mark of the remitting bank. The deficiencies left the plaintiff in doubt as to
its genuineness. Above all, the remittance advice showed the value date to be
6 April 2004. Accordingly, I was of the view that the plaintiff was justified
in issuing the writ on 2 April 2004.

6 The _in rem_ writ was served on 5 April 2004. The defendant asked for the
service to be set aside, but gave no reasons for its challenge to service.
Accordingly, this complaint must fail.

7 This brings me to the next issue on this appeal, which is whether the
plaintiff was justified in obtaining a warrant of arrest and thereafter
continuing with the arrest until 10 April 2004. An interesting sub-issue is
whether a payment under protest justifies a release of the arrested vessel
upon provision of security for the plaintiff’s costs of the action up to the
time of payment or release of the vessel. There are two parts to this sub-
issue, which I shall deal with below.

8 The relevant facts seem to be these. In chronological order, the next
relevant event is the e-mail notice sent to the defendant’s London solicitors
on 6 April 2004 prior to the issue and execution of the arrest warrant on 7
April 2004. The defendant’s London lawyers, the firm of M/s Stallard
Solicitors, were notified on 6 April 2004 by M/s Ang & Partners, solicitors
for the plaintiff, that as the defendant had failed to make timely payment in
full, the plaintiff was demanding payment of the claim in full, interest
thereon at the rate of 6% per annum from the due date of each of the
outstanding invoices and legal costs of the action in the sum of $10,000.

9 It was disclosed in the affidavit in support of the arrest filed on 7 April
2004 that after the writ was issued and served, the plaintiff on 6 April 2004
received part payment in the sum of $50,955.23, and that the defendant had
refused to pay “the balance and costs in this action”. The claim amount stated
in the indorsement of claim was for a figure of $51,044.06 instead of
$51,064.06. The defendant’s London solicitors on 6 April 2004 roundly rejected
the payment of legal costs, arguing that the defendant had already paid in
full the principal amount on 2 April 2004 and the action was deliberately
actuated to obtain legal costs. I presume nothing was said about the claim for
interest, given the position taken that the principal claim had been paid. The
defendant’s perceived view (and it turned out to be incorrect) accounted for
the somewhat vitriolic exchange of correspondence between its London
solicitors and the plaintiff’s solicitors who took umbrage with the comments
of the London solicitors.

10 The object of an _in rem_ action is to recover, or to obtain security for,
compensation for the complaint. The defendant’s ensuing argument on the
trivial shortfall is that it was in respect of bank charges of the plaintiff’s
bank, DBS Bank, which were normally absorbed in the past by the plaintiff. The
defendant argued that there was thus no obligation to pay this. However, the
advice from DBS Bank did not show that the shortfall in the amount of money
received was on account of its bank charges. Even if the practice in the past
was different, the fact of the matter is that since 6 April 2004, the
plaintiff was already demanding payment of the shortfall as well as interest
from the date of the outstanding invoices, _ie_ from October 2002. The
defendant was left under no illusion as to the plaintiff’s demands. There was
no question of an accord arising from the part payment of $50,955.23 being
accepted in full payment and the shortfall, interest and costs (the defendant
is liable for costs as a matter of principle once the writ is issued) being
discharged by the accord. In any event, if the accord which the defendant
relied upon is based on past practice, it will probably fail from want of
consideration as required by law. I should mention that on the claim for
interest, the plaintiff relied on the case of _People’s Park Development Pte
Ltd v Tru-Mix Concrete (Pte) Ltd_ [1980–1981] SLR 223 for the proposition that
the court has power to award interest on a debt which was paid after
commencement of proceedings: see also para 6 to the First Schedule of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed).

11 It is trite law that to avoid the arrest of a vessel or to secure the
release of an arrested vessel, a proper security in the amount of the claim
(based on the plaintiff’s reasonably best arguable case), plus interest and
costs, is required. There are advantages to both parties in the provision of
security. The advantage to the defendant is that it will have secured the
release of the vessel so that, in the present case, she can be delivered to
the buyers. The advantage to the plaintiff is that it will have obtained
security for its claim and that security will be unaffected by any other
claims which might be brought against the vessel. At times, the parties may
satisfy or compromise the claim and the vessel will be released accordingly.

12 In the present case, the defendant made payment of the shortfall and
interest under protest, reserving its right to sue in separate proceedings to
recover the payment, thereby leaving legal costs up to the time of payment or
release of vessel as the remaining issue to be secured. Accordingly, the
defendant asked the court to hold that the plaintiff was not entitled to
security for costs to litigate this matter. No authority was cited where it
had been held that the arresting party in these circumstances is only entitled
to security limited to the costs of the action up to the stage of payment
under protest on 8 April 2004 or release of the vessel as argued for by the
defendant.

13 In paying the shortfall and interest in the total sum of $4,390.01, the
defendant took the precaution, which I think was open to it, for the
preservation of any right it might have against the plaintiff, by causing the
payments to be made under protest. A party may challenge the admiralty
jurisdiction and at the same time make payment of the claim under protest.
This was the course adopted. At the same time as making payment under protest,
the defendant separately filed on 8 April 2004 its application to set aside
the arrest.

14 Counsel for the plaintiff, Mr Loo Dip Seng, took up the position that a
payment under protest prolonged rather than brought to an end the proceedings,
so much so that the plaintiff should be secured for legal costs beyond the
date of payment or release of the vessel. I accept that a payment under
protest does not end the matter: see _Maskell v Horner_ [1915] 3 KB 106.
Whilst the defendant had reserved its right to seek recovery of the money in
separate proceedings, the defendant appeared to have changed tack and for the
first time in its notice of appeal, sought an order for the return of the
money paid under protest. On any view, I agree with counsel that where the
payment was made under protest, the validity of the claim for the shortfall
and interest nonetheless still remains a direct issue between the parties in
the _in rem_ action. The question of whether the plaintiff was entitled to
make a claim for the shortfall and interest is a matter which the plaintiff is
entitled to have fought out between the parties in the _in rem_ action, albeit
in such a situation, given the developments, a declaratory relief may be
sought. A declaration of rights as regards the claim for which a payment under
protest was made is still a claim under s 3(1)(l) of the Act. I adopt the
views of Clarke J in _The Hamburg Star_ [1994] 1 Lloyd’s Rep 399 at 406 that s
20 of the UK Supreme Court Act 1981 (_in pari materia_ with s 3 of our High
Court (Admiralty Jurisdiction) Act) “does not limit the type of claim which is
to be within the Admiralty jurisdiction by reference to the remedy sought”. It
follows that the plaintiff, as a matter of principle, is entitled to be
secured for the costs of the action based on its reasonably arguable best case
and not for limited costs up to the time of payment under protest or release
of the vessel. It is for the defendant to seek a moderation of the quantum
demanded (after 6 April 2004 the costs figure has been revised to $30,000) and
until then, the plaintiff is entitled to be suitably secured for costs before
release of the vessel from arrest. I should add that given the history behind
the commencement of the proceedings and the special circumstances here, the
trivial amount of the shortfall itself could not be a reason for a finding of
oppressive use of the arrest jurisdiction.

15 Counsel for the defendant had a further and separate ground on which he
invited the court to set aside the warrant of arrest. This was that on an _ex
parte_ application for the arrest of the _Acrux_ , there had not been full
disclosure to the court of the material facts. The importance of full and
frank disclosure being made on an _ex parte_ application was endorsed by the
Court of Appeal in _The Rainbow Spring_ ([3] _supra_). It was argued that the
shortfall was not explained, the remittance advice was not exhibited to the
affidavit leading the warrant of arrest and the guarantee from Siba Ships was
not disclosed. In the light of the conclusions reached, there is no failure to
make full and frank disclosure in the plaintiff’s affidavit affirmed in
support of the _ex parte_ application to arrest _Acrux_.

16 For these reasons, I dismissed the appeal with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

