Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Cheong Hock Lai and Other Appeals  
[2004] SGHC 122

Case Number | : | MA 27/2004, MA 28/2004, MA 29/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 June 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  James Lee (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for appellant; Subhas Anandan (Harry Elias Partnership) and Howard Cheam Heng Haw (Rajah and Tann) for respondents   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Cheong Hock Lai   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Appeals – Whether district
judge erred in referring to cases involving other market misconduct where no
direct sentencing precedent existed – Whether deterrent sentence ought to take
form of custodial sentence  
  

15 June 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was the Prosecution’s appeal against sentence only. The respondents
were Cheong Hock Lai (“Cheong”), Low Li Meng (“Low”) and Chow Foon Yuong
(“Chow”). Four days into their trial in the District Court, they pleaded
guilty to one charge each of engaging in a practice which operated as a deceit
upon one MIL Corporate Services (Singapore) Ltd (“MIL”), an offence under s
102(b) of the Securities Industry Act (Cap 289, 1985 Rev Ed) (“SIA”). Each
respondent had another charge under s 201(b) of the Securities and Futures Act
(Cap 289, 2002 Rev Ed) (“SFA”) taken into consideration for sentencing
purposes. Low and Chow also each had an additional charge under s 102(b) of
the SIA taken into consideration for sentencing purposes. The district judge
sentenced the respondents to pay fines in the following amounts:

(a) Cheong: $100,000, in default ten months’ imprisonment;

(b) Low: $50,000, in default five months’ imprisonment;

(c) Chow: $30,000, in default three months’ imprisonment.

I dismissed the Prosecution’s appeal against the sentences imposed on all
three respondents, and now set out my reasons.

**Background**

2 The evidence in the court below was led by way of an agreed statement of
facts. At the material time, the respondents were employees of Alliance
Capital Management (Singapore) Ltd (“ACMS”), a subsidiary of Alliance Capital
Management Limited Partnerships, a company listed on the New York Stock
Exchange. Cheong was the regional financial controller, and the person
ultimately in charge of the day-to-day administration of ACMS funds. Low was a
unit trust administrative manager. Chow was a unit trust administrative
officer. Both reported directly to Cheong on administrative matters pertaining
to ACMS funds.

**_The unit trust funds_**

3 The principal activity of ACMS is to provide fund management and marketing
of fund management services to retail and institutional clients. Among other
funds, ACMS manages the Global Growth Trends Portfolio Class A and the
International Health Care Portfolio Class A. These are both feeder funds that
invest solely in their respective parent funds, the Global Growth Trends
Portfolio and the International Health Care Portfolio (“the parent funds”).

4 The parent funds are registered with Alliance Capital Management Global
Investor Services SA Luxembourg (“ACM Luxembourg”). They are managed by
portfolio managers based in New York. ACMS manages the feeder funds, but much
of the marketing of these funds is performed by distributors, which are banks
and financial institutions. Investors who wish to apply for units in the
feeder funds submit their applications to these distributors, who then submit
them to ACMS for processing.

5 The trustee of the feeder funds is Bermuda Trust (Singapore) (“BT”). BT
calculates the feeder funds’ daily net asset value per unit (termed “the
price” herein for convenience). MIL is an affiliated company of BT, and the
agent of the feeder funds’ registrar. As the registrar’s agent, MIL’s
functions include processing subscriptions, redemptions, transfers and
switches with respect to the funds.

**_How the price of the feeder funds is derived_**

6 The New York-based portfolio managers invest the parent funds primarily in
US and European equities. The price of the parent funds is therefore
determined by the performance of their component equities on the US and
European stock exchanges.

7 On any given trading day (“T”), the price of the feeder funds is directly
derived from that of their respective parent funds for the previous trading
day (“T-1”). This is done in the following manner.

8 After 3.00pm Singapore time (9.00am Luxembourg time) on T, ACM Luxembourg
calculates the T-1 price of the parent funds. This figure is received by BT
and ACMS at about 6.00pm Singapore time (12.00 noon Luxembourg time). The next
morning (“T+1”), BT calculates the T price of the feeder funds, based on the
T-1 market price of the parent funds supplied by ACM Luxembourg, and the
prevailing foreign exchange rate. After 1.00pm, ACMS and MIL receive the T
market price of the feeder funds from BT.

**_The 5.00pm trading deadline_**

9 To qualify for the feeder funds’ T price, all investors wishing to buy, sell
or switch units have to submit their application forms to the distributors by
5.00pm on T. Then the distributors would submit the forms to ACMS. This 5.00pm
deadline is prescribed in the feeder funds’ prospectuses, but not in the
Operating Memorandum (“OM”). The OM is a document signed by ACMS and BT, which
sets out their internal guidelines and specifies the 5.00pm deadline only for
transactions involving Central Provident Fund (“CPF”) and Supplementary
Retirement Scheme funds. There was no such prescription for cash transactions,
which are how the respondents carried out their trades on the feeder funds.
Specifically, the OM only provided that all subscriptions, redemptions or
switches from distributors were to be consolidated by ACMS and forwarded to
MIL by 1.00pm on T+1.

**_The late trading_**

10 As employees of ACMS, the respondents could purchase units in the feeder
funds directly. They did not need to go through a distributor, and were not
required to pay the 5% service charge.

11 Between July and October 2002, the respondents traded in the feeder funds
using their own accounts with MIL. They would submit their applications on the
morning of T+1, but backdate their applications so that it appeared that they
were dated on T. This was done so that they could qualify for the T price. The
backdated application forms would then be placed together with all the other
investors’ applications made on T. After that, the package would be forwarded
to MIL for processing. MIL was thereby deceived into believing that the
respondents’ applications were made on the dates stated on the application
forms.

12 The backdating allowed the respondents to determine the movement of the
feeder funds with considerable accuracy. It enabled them to subscribe for
units only when they had predicted an increase in their T+1 price. If they
determined that the T+1 price would be higher than the T price, they would put
in their backdated applications, thereby qualifying for the T price. Then they
would redeem their units within 24 hours so as to take advantage of the higher
T+1 price. This guaranteed a profit on every trade.

13 During the material time, the respondents made profits through late trading
amounting to:

(a) Cheong: $62,931.90;

(b) Low:  $19,671.51;

(c) Chow:  $3,792.81.

If the profits made on the charges taken into consideration are added to those
figures, the respondents made total profits of:

(a) Cheong: $107,925.29;

(b) Low:  $46,556.05;

(c) Chow:  $16,162.32.

The respondents had already made full restitution before their trial commenced
in the District Court.

**The decision below**

14 In his grounds of decision ([2004] SGDC 37), the district judge observed
that this was “the first case of its kind locally”. While there had previously
been prosecutions under s 102(b) of the SIA, there had been none specifically
for the practice of late trading. As such, he could look only to sentencing
precedents in cases of other types of market misconduct, which he recognised
to be “somewhat helpful though not directly on point”.

15 In approaching the question of sentence, the district judge first
considered the case law to determine the sentencing norm in market misconduct
cases. Then, he considered whether there were any special reasons in this case
to depart from the norm.

**_The sentencing norm in market misconduct cases_**

16 The district judge examined cases of three types of market misconduct.
These were cited to him by the Defence. They were:

(a) other offences under s 102(b) of the SIA, involving the fraudulent and
deceitful use of others’ accounts to trade;

(b) market rigging; and

(c) insider trading under s 103 of the SIA.

17 In his judgment, the respondents’ acts of deceit were not of the same
degree as those offenders who were given custodial sentences for abusing
others’ accounts to trade for their own benefit. Those offenders’ acts were
clearly more aggravating in nature than late trading. The degree of
tangibility of harm in the case before him was low, compared to cases in which
the counter actually had to be suspended from trading. The district judge
therefore concluded that it was “abundantly clear” from those cases that the
respondents ought not to be given custodial sentences under the current
sentencing benchmarks for market misconduct offences.

**_No special reasons to depart from the sentencing norm_**

18 The Prosecution submitted that there were three reasons why custodial
sentences should be imposed on the respondents.

19 First, the Prosecution argued that there was a strong public interest
element in this case. The respondents’ conduct was the type to “cause
consternation” among the investing public. The district judge rejected this
argument since it was characteristic of any form of market misconduct. He also
noted that s 104 of the SIA had been amended with effect from 6 March 2000 to
increase the maximum fine from $50,000 to $250,000. This enhanced sentencing
range allowed the court to impose a severe fine as a deterrent sentence in
appropriate cases without having to resort to a custodial sentence.

20 Second, the Prosecution contended that the respondents had abused their
position in committing the offences. The district judge rejected this argument
since it also applied to practically all market misconduct cases. Late trading
and other forms of market misconduct could only happen if the offender was in
some position of authority or privilege _vis-à-vis_ other investors. The
district judge emphasised that “in such offences, abuse of position is not a
unique factor that makes a custodial sentence almost automatic”.

21 Finally, the Prosecution submitted that the nature of these offences was
such that they were difficult to detect. The district judge rejected this
argument. He observed that the respondents had given the Commercial Affairs
Department their full co-operation. There had been no surreptitious
concealment. In his view, there was a lack of fundamental controls in the
system that “made it very ‘grey’” as to what would be permissible conduct, and
what would not.

**_Approaches to regulating late trading_**

22 The district judge concluded by pointing out that the respondents had been
charged under s 102 of the SIA, a “catch-all provision” designed to cover
forms of securities fraud not specifically dealt with elsewhere in the SIA. He
cited the recent action instituted in the New York Supreme Court in September
2003 by the New York Attorney-General against Canary Capital Partners (_State
of New York v Canary Capital Partners, LLC_), as an example of the manner in
which late trading is dealt with in the United States – by way of a civil
penalty action, rather than criminal proceedings.

23 He highlighted that in Singapore, the civil penalty concept has been
expanded under s 232 of the SFA to cover all forms of market misconduct. He
noted that the civil penalty regime is meant to complement the existing
criminal regime by providing a “calibrated approach to enforcement” that
punishes and deters market misconduct, but does not impede the growth of the
securities markets here.

24 In his view, the ultimate question was “whether it would be fair with the
benefit of hindsight to adopt a draconian approach to punish the accused
persons with a custodial sentence for late trading”. He reasoned at [42] that:

Prior to the indictments of these offences, the sheer lack of internal and
external regulatory controls actually facilitated late trading and made them
possible. They include, no date/time stamping, inconsistent and vague
operating instructions in different documents, unclear or no guidelines for
staff trading, liberal and/or unauthorised communication of acceptance of
application forms out of time, no internal verification of application forms
and the list goes on.

He added, however, that a report carried in _The Business Times_ on 13
February 2004 showed that the Monetary Authority of Singapore had recently
taken steps to put corrective and preventive actions in place to frustrate any
contemplated late trading.

25 In the light of all these factors, the district judge sentenced the
respondents to pay fines in the amounts set out earlier.

**The appeal**

26 Before I turn to the appeal proper, it bears repeating that an appellate
court may only interfere with the sentence meted out by the trial judge if it
is satisfied that:

(a) the trial judge made the wrong decision as to the proper factual basis for
sentence;

(b) the trial judge erred in appreciating the material before him;

(c) the sentence was wrong in principle; or

(d) the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive, or manifestly inadequate,
as the case may be.

This is trite law, as set out in _Tan Koon Swan v PP_ [1986] SLR 126, and
recently reiterated in _Ong Ah Tiong v PP_ [2004] 1 SLR 587.

27 The Prosecution brought this appeal on the fourth ground. It was argued
that the sentences imposed on the respondents were manifestly inadequate in
light of the district judge’s misplaced reliance on other market misconduct
cases as sentencing precedents and his failure to appreciate that the present
facts called for a deterrent sentence in the form of a custodial term.

28 I turn now to consider the arguments raised.

**_The district judge’s reliance on cases of other types of market
misconduct_**

29 The Prosecution took issue with the district judge’s reliance on these
cases for the following reasons. As to the other s 102(b) cases, he had failed
to properly consider the decisions of this court in _Peh Bin Chat v PP_
Magistrate’s Appeal No 15 of 1998 (5 May 1998) (unreported) and _Syn Yong Sing
David v PP_ Magistrate’s Appeal No 266 of 1998 (2 March 1999) (unreported),
both digested in _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ (2nd Ed,
2003) at 782–783. As to the market rigging cases, he had wrongly formed the
view that they evidenced greater harm to the market, and that the offenders in
those cases had demonstrated higher degrees of culpability. As to the insider
trading cases under s 103, the district judge was wrong to have referred to
them at all. In particular, it was emphasised that an “important
distinguishing factor” of this appeal was that it concerned CPF-approved unit
trusts, which are marketed to all sectors of society, including laymen
investors, as a low-risk investment option.

30 I was firmly of the view that the important distinguishing factor in this
case was not the nature of the funds, but the fact that the respondents had
traded on their own accounts at all material times. It was beyond question
that this evidenced a lower degree of deceit than if they had chosen to trade
unauthorised on an account belonging to a member of the investing public.
Unauthorised trading on another person’s account was a common denominator in
those cases of market misconduct in which a custodial sentence was imposed. In
my opinion, the district judge could not be faulted for referring to these
cases. On the contrary, it was eminently reasonable for him to do so in the
absence of direct precedent.

31 I turn first to consider the s 102(b) cases. The Prosecution referred to an
article reporting _Peh Bin Chat_ , entitled “Illegal Trading: Man Spared
Jail”, which was carried in the 6 May 1998 edition of _The Straits Times_ at
3. In that article, I was reported as saying that “[e]very future offence will
indeed mean a custodial sentence”, and that I had imposed a fine of $50,000
only because I was bound to follow precedent. The report is incontrovertible,
but the offence in _Peh Bin Chat_ involved unauthorised trading on a share
trading account opened in someone else’s name for the express and sole purpose
of carrying out unauthorised trades. Peh had opened a share trading account
with Tat Lee Securities in the name of one Tan Liap Song, an illiterate man
who worked as a driver in Peh’s company. Peh traded almost $2.5m worth of
shares on that account, and racked up some $25,642 in losses.

32 It is apparent from the face of the report alone that the offender in _Peh
Bin Chat_ demonstrated a far higher degree of culpability than the respondents
in this appeal. In my view, he had committed precisely the type of offence
under s 102(b) for which a custodial sentence should be imposed and,
therefore, I made this clear when a fine had to be imposed upon him simply
because I was constrained to do so by statute and by precedent.

33 I would also add that, as the district judge correctly noted, the maximum
fine stipulated under s 104 for offences under s 102(b) was increased from
$50,000 to $250,000 with effect from 6 March 2000. The legislative intent
behind this amendment, as reflected in the speech of the Deputy Prime
Minister, Brigadier-General Lee Hsien Loong, given at the Second Reading of
the Securities Industry (Amendment) Bill (No B 40 of 1999), was to
“[strengthen] the criminal sanctions for market misconduct such as price
manipulation and insider trading”: see the _Parliamentary Debates, Official
Report_ (17 January 2000) at col 676. This significant increase now gives the
courts far more flexibility in the exercise of sentencing discretion. In my
view, the district judge rightly took advantage of the higher statutory limit
in this case, in particular, to impose a hefty fine of $100,000 on Cheong.
Before 6 March 2000, he would have been compelled, as I was in _Peh Bin Chat_
, to impose a fine of only $50,000 on Cheong. Clearly, that would have been
manifestly inadequate on the present facts.

34 By way of further illustration, I refer to _Syn Yong Sing David_ , and two
other cases under s 102(b) cited to me by the Prosecution, _Teo Kian Leong v
PP_ [2002] 1 SLR 147 and _Shapy Khan s/o Sher Khan v PP_ [2003] 2 SLR 433.

35 In _Syn Yong Sing David_ , the offender, a senior assistant manager with
Deutsche Bank, made use of a client’s account in order to generate enough
trades to meet his annual profit target. He racked up some RM2m in losses, and
never made restitution. I upheld the sentence of four months’ imprisonment
imposed in the district court.

36 In _Teo Kian Leong_ , the offender was convicted on eight charges under s
102(b). He was a dealer’s representative at UBS Warburg & Associates
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (“UBS”). His job was to make securities transactions on
behalf of laymen investors who had trading accounts with UBS. From March to
May 2000, the offender traded on accounts belonging to 11 such clients of UBS,
who only found out about the trades when UBS issued letters of demand for the
losses incurred, which amounted to some $500,000. In upholding the sentence of
six months’ imprisonment for each charge, with two of the sentences to run
concurrently, I held at [46] that the offender had:

… deliberately abused the trust and confidence [his clients] had in him and
[come] up with a scheme to profit and later escape responsibility. Even after
being confronted about his “mistakes”, he boldly continued to carry out
similar transactions and accumulated greater losses at the expense of his
clients, probably in the hope of recouping the losses and evading the
consequences of his actions … [T]he appellant in this case, while causing less
loss to his clients, had acted against their wishes and caused them financial
hardship.

37 Similarly, in _Shapy Khan s/o Sher Khan_ , the offender was a dealer at a
securities firm who traded on behalf of one Yeo and one Mok, both of whom were
his clients. Mok issued a cheque to cover some _contra_ losses on his account,
and gave it to the offender, who credited the sum into Yeo’s account to cover
_contra_ losses that the offender had incurred on unauthorised trades. The
offender faced one charge under s 102(b) of the SIA, and one charge under s
409 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”). The sentencing judge
indicated that she would have imposed a fine of $50,000 for the s 102(b)
charge, but for the indication that the offender was unable to pay. She
therefore sentenced him to four months’ imprisonment.

38 Therefore, the Prosecution was quite right to point out that custodial
sentences have consistently been imposed for offences under s 102(b) after
_Peh Bin Chat_ , and despite the higher statutory maximum fine prescribed
under s 104. I would also point out that in _Shapy Khan s/o Sher Khan_ , the
sentencing judge was initially minded to impose a fine. In all those cases, up
to and save for this appeal, there was a clear abuse of position by
professional securities dealers _vis-à-vis_ laymen investors who came to them
for assistance and advice on trading. These dealers instead used their
clients’ accounts to carry out unauthorised trades. While it is not at all in
question that the respondents’ conduct was criminal in nature, these
aggravating factors were simply not present on the facts before me. The
respondents traded in their own names, and for themselves, at all material
times. No laymen investor clients were involved.

39 Next, I turn to the market rigging cases. The district judge referred
specifically to _PP v Kwek Swee Heng_ District Arrest Cases Nos 28926, 3045
and 3046 of 2003 (unreported) (“the Links Island case”), and _PP v Gwee Yow
Pin_ District Arrest Case No 1738 of 2001 (unreported) (“the Mid-Continent
Equipment case”). In the Links Island case, the offender effected transactions
in Links Island Holdings shares in order to manipulate the price of those
shares. His actions led to the counter being suspended. He was sentenced to
pay a total fine of $90,000. In the Mid-Continent Equipment case, the
offenders transacted in shares for the sole purpose of creating the impression
that there was a high level of interest in those shares. This jacked up the
price of those shares from 15 cents to 87.5 cents. The counter was also
suspended, the shares cornered and the stock de-listed. After a 45-day trial,
the offenders were each sentenced to three months’ imprisonment.

40 Returning to the appeal before me, the respondents together generated
profits of less than $200,000, which must be juxtaposed against the size of
the unit trusts. They are worth more than US$1bn. The respondents’ conduct
caused nothing even remotely close to the level of market mayhem triggered in
the Links Island and Mid-Continent Equipment cases. In light of those factors,
I could not agree with the Prosecution’s submission that these cases evidenced
less harm to the market, and that the offenders therein demonstrated lower
degrees of culpability than the respondents in the present appeal. I was
therefore also unable to see why a custodial sentence should be imposed in
this case, when a fine was imposed in the Links Island case.

41 Finally, I come to the insider trading cases, in which fines, rather than
custodial sentences, were imposed. As regards these cases, the Prosecution’s
submission was simply that the district judge should not have referred to
those cases because the objective of the law against insider trading is
predominantly to ensure a level playing field in the market, rather than to
protect investors’ interests from _mala fides_. I took the Prosecution’s
point, but would emphasise that s 102(b) is a catch-all provision, intended to
cover _any other form_ of securities fraud not specifically dealt with by
other provisions in the SIA. As such, I did not think it inapposite to draw
the analogy between insider trading under s 103, and the particular type of
offence under s 102(b) which formed the subject matter of this appeal. The
respondents had no knowledge of price-sensitive information specific to the
unit trusts. However, by backdating their application forms to T on T+1
morning so that they could use the price information provided by BT to their
advantage, the respondents were effectively practising something akin to
insider trading, in that they traded with an illicit advantage over other
investors. Therefore, I found it difficult to see why the district judge
should not have taken those cases into account.

**_Whether it was necessary for a deterrent sentence to take the form of a
custodial term in this case_**

42 This argument may be dealt with very shortly. It is clear that a deterrent
sentence need not always take the form of a custodial term. As I made clear in
_Chia Kah Boon v PP_ [1999] 4 SLR 72, a deterrent sentence may take the form
of a fine if it is high enough to have a deterrent effect on the offender
himself (“specific deterrence”), as well as others (“general deterrence”).

43 The Prosecution argued that only a custodial sentence was appropriate to
achieve the objective of general deterrence in this case. In support of its
submission, the Prosecution also relied on this passage from _Rupchand
Bhojwani Sunil v PP_ [2004] 1 SLR 596 (“ _Rupchand_ ”) at [28]:

[W]hen a court is faced with a charge of cheating involving a sum of money
akin to that in this appeal, it has to impose a sentence that has the
potential to deter future similar offences. In that respect, a fine, though
appropriate in other cases, would not have a deterrent effect in cases that
are similar to this appeal. … The criminal law should never become a
“business” of sorts.

I was urged to “send a clear message” to deter potential late trading, and to
show that the courts will adopt a robust approach to the protection of
investors’ interests, and not condone abuses by administrators and fund
managers of unit trusts.

44 There could be absolutely no quarrel with that statement on principle, and
so I wholeheartedly agreed with the Prosecution in so far as the requirement
for a deterrent sentence was concerned. In my judgment, however, the
Prosecution faced an uphill task in persuading me that it was necessary to
impose a custodial sentence to achieve the objective of general deterrence on
these particular facts. This was not a case in the category of previous s
102(b) cases such as _Teo Kian Leong_ and _Shapy Khan s/o Sher Khan_ , in
which the interests of specific laymen investors suffered at the hands of
their trusted fund managers. It is certainly not in dispute that the
respondents committed criminal offences, but the fines imposed on them by the
district judge were not insubstantial. For the reasons I have already set out,
I did not think the fines were manifestly inadequate. In my view, they were
also sufficiently high to achieve a deterrent purpose.

45 I did not think that _Rupchand_ , which should be strictly limited to very
similar facts, was applicable to the appeal at hand. The genesis of that
passage in _Rupchand_ was my decision in _Lim Choon Kang v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR
927, a case under s 415 of the PC, in which I held at 928–929, [6]–[7]:

In my view, fines instead of custodial sentences can be imposed where the
amounts involved are not of great magnitude or consequence, but when the
operation smacks of something on a considerable scale, a custodial sentence
must necessarily follow. … _I think it should also be remembered that
prosecutions for such offences normally take place in the district courts in
which a district judge’s power to fine is presently limited to only $10,000._
People who are minded to commit such offences of multiple share applications
on a substantial scale must be discouraged from thinking that, if they are
caught, they can simply surrender their ill-gotten gains and the worst that
will then happen to them will be a fine of $10,000. For them, there must now
be a custodial sentence. [emphasis added]

46 _ Rupchand_ was a case of cheating under s 417 of the PC, in which the
offender deliberately downloaded an Internet site so that he could access
orders for merchandise placed through the site. The offender cheated one
Kevyan-Alf of US$42,000 in this manner. _Rupchand_ was next applied in _Chua
Kim Leng Timothy v PP_ [2004] SGHC 74 and _Lim Teck Chye v PP_ [2004] SGHC 72,
both cases under s 6(b) of the Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev
Ed). Both cases involved elaborate scams, conceptualised and orchestrated by
the offenders, to short-supply fuel oil to customers of their companies, which
provided ship bunkering services. The scams also involved the offenders’
bunker clerks and bunker surveyors. The latter were systematically bribed to
“overlook” the provision of lower grades of fuel oil, or shortfalls in supply
of fuel oil.

47 I did not think that that passage in _Rupchand_ was applicable to the
present appeal. First, the prescribed punishment under both ss 415 and 417 is
one year’s imprisonment, or fine, or both, and the maximum limit on any fine
that may be imposed is $10,000 by virtue of s 11(3) of the Criminal Procedure
Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). I have no doubt that in the present
context, a fine as low as $10,000 would certainly lead potential offenders to
think of the criminal law as a mere “business of sorts”. By contrast, however,
the offence under s 102(b) of the SIA may be met with a fine of up to
$250,000, as prescribed by s 104 of the same. Therefore, in dealing with the
offence of late trading, the district court may impose the maximum fine by
virtue of s 117(4) (_in pari materia_ with s 327 of the SFA) read with s 11(7)
of the CPC, and does not operate under its ordinary criminal jurisdictional
limit as in _Rupchand_ and _Lim Choon Kang_.

48 Second, where _Rupchand_ is applied outside the narrow confines of ss 415
and 417 of the PC, and where it involves a departure from the usual sentencing
norm for the offence in question, the circumstances justifying such departure
must be exceptional: _Lim Teck Chye_ at [73]. The offence to which the
principle is applied must contain, _inter alia_ , the crucial element of
deliberate organisation calculated to further the offender’s criminal intent
on a systematic and very large scale. There was nothing of this sort on the
evidence before me. I did not see any parallels with either _Rupchand_ or
_Chua Kim Leng Timothy_ that would have necessitated the imposition of a
custodial sentence. In my judgment, the fines imposed by the district judge
amply served the twin aims of specific and general deterrence.

**Conclusion**

49 In the light of the general approach to market misconduct cases and the
specific circumstances of this appeal, I did not think that the fines imposed
by the district judge were manifestly inadequate. Accordingly, I dismissed the
Prosecution’s appeal.

Appeal dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jun 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

