Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chia Yang Pong v Singapore Medical Council  
[2004] SGHC 111

Case Number | : | OM 11/2004/D  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 May 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Myint Soe and Deepak Raja (Myint Soe and Selvaraj) for appellant; Philip Fong and Chang Man Phing (Harry Elias Partnership) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Chia Yang Pong — Singapore Medical Council   
  
Administrative Law – Disciplinary proceedings – Disciplinary Committee of
Singapore Medical Council – Medical practitioner fined $65,000 on 80 counts of
professional misconduct – Whether Disciplinary Committee empowered to impose
fine exceeding $10,000 – Section 45(2)(d) Medical Registration Act (Cap 174,
1998 Rev Ed)  
  
Administrative Law – Disciplinary proceedings – Disciplinary Committee of
Singapore Medical Council – Whether empowered to impose financial penalty on
medical practitioner in addition to ordering his name be removed from the
Register of Medical Practitioners – Sections 45(1), 45(2) Medical Registration
Act (Cap 174, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – Appeals – Appeal against findings of Disciplinary
Committee of Singapore Medical Council – Principles to be applied – Section
45(13) Medical Registration Act (Cap 174, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  

31 May 2004

Tan Lee Meng J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 The appellant, Dr Chia Yang Pong (“Dr Chia”), a medical doctor, appealed
against the decision of the Disciplinary Committee of the Singapore Medical
Council (“SMC”) to remove his name from the Register of Medical Practitioners
and to fine him $65,000 for professional misconduct. We allowed the appeal in
part by reducing the fine to $10,000 and now give the reasons for our
decision.

**Background**

2 Dr Chia was the sole licensee of a chain of seven medical clinics, known as
Grace Polyclinic. In November 2002, an inspection team from the Ministry of
Health called at all the branches of Grace Polyclinic and inspected the
clinical cards of their patients. The investigations revealed that
benzodiazepines had been improperly prescribed for quite a number of patients.
Dr Chia was summoned to appear before a disciplinary committee of the SMC
(“the Disciplinary Committee”) to answer charges relating to his failure to
act with due care in the management of 80 patients who had been prescribed
benzodiazepines without a proper record of their symptoms and condition. Such
proper records would have enabled him or his colleagues at Grace Polyclinic to
properly assess the medical condition of the patients over the periods of
treatment.

3 At a hearing of the Disciplinary Committee on 26 February 2004, Dr Chia
faced 80 charges of professional misconduct. He pleaded guilty and made
submissions in mitigation. The Disciplinary Committee then convicted him of
all the charges under s 45(1)(d) of the Medical Registration Act (Cap 174,
1998 Rev Ed) and made the following orders:

Order 1 -  That his name be removed from the Register of Medical Practitioners
with effect from 29 March 2004;

Order 2 - That he be fined $1,000 per charge on 65 of the 80 charges against
him;

Order 3 - That he be censured; and

Order 4 - That he pay the costs and expenses of the proceedings before the
Disciplinary Committee, including the costs of the solicitors for the SMC and
the Legal Assessor.

4 Dr Chia, who was dissatisfied with the first two orders, relied on s 45(12)
of the Medical Registration Act to lodge his appeal to the High Court. Section
45(12) of the said Act requires such an appeal to heard by a Court of Three
Judges.

**The appeal**

5 Dr Chia contended that the Disciplinary Committee erred on three counts.
Firstly, he claimed that the sentence imposed on him was manifestly excessive
and that his name should not have been removed from the Register of Medical
Practitioners. Secondly, he asserted that if his name was to be removed from
the Register of Medical Practitioners, he should not have been fined as well.
Thirdly, he submitted that the fine of $65,000 is above the limit permitted by
s 45(2)(d) of the Medical Registration Act, which provides that the penalty
imposed shall not exceed $10,000.

**_Whether the sentence was manifestly excessive_**

6 In arguing that the sentence imposed on him by the SMC’s Disciplinary
Committee was manifestly excessive, Dr Chia asserted that account should have
been taken of the following three mitigating factors:

(a) A reasonable degree of care was taken in the management of the patients’
health and benzodiazephines were not freely prescribed;

(b) There was no allegation that any of his patients had suffered perceptible
harm or injury; and

(c) Five of the seven Grace Polyclinic branches had suffered losses between
2000 and 2002.

7 At the outset, it ought to be pointed out that s 45(13) of the Medical
Registration Act provides that in any appeal by a medical practitioner, the
High Court shall accept as final and conclusive the finding of a disciplinary
committee on any issue of medical ethics or standards of professional conduct
unless it is unsafe, unreasonable or contrary to evidence. It is worth noting
that in _Libman Julius v General Medical Council_ [1972] AC 217 at 221, Lord
Hailsham of St Marylebone LC explained that it is difficult to displace a
finding or order of a disciplinary committee in such cases:

… unless it can be shown that something was clearly wrong either (i) in the
conduct of the trial or (ii) in the legal principles applied or (iii) unless
it can be shown that the findings of the committee were sufficiently out of
tune with the evidence to indicate with reasonable certainty that the evidence
had been misread.

8 It ought not to be overlooked that the Disciplinary Committee made it clear
that it had considered the mitigating factors, including the fact that Dr Chia
had pleaded guilty. However, it pointed out that doctors have a responsibility
to prescribe medicines properly and that this responsibility must be
safeguarded in the public interest. That was why it recommended that his name
be removed from the Register of Medical Practitioners. Evidently, the
Disciplinary Committee took the view that the seriousness of Dr Chia’s
professional misconduct was not alleviated by the assertion that a reasonable
degree of care had been taken in the dispensing of benzodiazephines and that
no patient had suffered perceptible harm or injury. As for the claim that five
out of the seven clinics run by Dr Chia suffered losses from 2000 to 2002, we
did not see how the seriousness of professional misconduct is connected with
whether or not a clinic makes profits or losses.

9 On the basis of the evidence before us, we were not in a position to say
that the Disciplinary Committee’s finding that Dr Chia was guilty of
professional misconduct is unsafe, unreasonable or contrary to evidence.
Neither were we able to say that his professional misconduct did not warrant
the removal of his name from the Register of Medical Practitioners. As such,
we dismissed Dr Chia’s first ground of appeal.

**_Whether a fine may be imposed in addition to an order of striking out_**

10 Dr Chia next contended that as the Disciplinary Committee had ordered that
his name be removed from the Register of Medical Practitioners, it was wrong
in principle for a fine to be imposed on him.

11**** Section 45(1) of the Medical Registration Act provides that where a
registered medical practitioner is found or judged by a disciplinary committee
to have been guilty of professional misconduct, “the Disciplinary Committee
may exercise _one or more_ of the powers referred to in subsection (2)”
[emphasis added], which include the issuing of an order directing the
Registrar to remove the name of the registered medical practitioner from the
appropriate register as well as an order imposing on the registered medical
practitioner a fine not exceeding $10,000. In our view, the effect of s 45(1)
is very clear. In this regard, the following oft-cited words of Lord Tindal CJ
in the _Sussex Peerage_ case (1844) 11 Cl & Fin 85 at 143; 8 ER 1034 at 1057
are worth repeating:

[T]he only rule for the construction of Acts of Parliament is, that they
should be construed according to the intent of the Parliament which passed the
Act. If the words of the statute are in themselves precise and unambiguous,
then no more can be necessary than to expound those words in their natural and
ordinary sense. The words themselves alone do, in such case, best declare the
intention of the lawgiver.

12 In the face of the wording of s 45 of the Medical Registration Act, Dr
Chia’s second ground of appeal need not be further considered.

**_Whether the fine of $65,000 contravenes s 45(2)(d) of the Medical
Registration Act_**

13 Dr Chia’s third ground of appeal was that the fine of $65,000 imposed on
him by the Disciplinary Committee is contrary to s 45(2)(d) of the Medical
Registration Act, which provides that the powers of a disciplinary committee
include the imposition of a fine not exceeding $10,000. He pointed out that
this limit applies to the entire proceedings before the Disciplinary Committee
regardless of the number of charges levelled against him.

14 The SMC pointed out that if the Disciplinary Committee is only entitled to
impose a fine of $10,000 regardless of the number of charges faced by a
medical practitioner, a person who faces one charge at an inquiry will be
subject to the same limit as a person who faces 100 charges. Surely, the
simple answer to this argument is that where the offences are serious enough,
the errant medical practitioner can be struck off the Register of Medical
Practitioners. If the SMC’s approach is accepted, its disciplinary committees
will have an unrestricted power to fine a medical practitioner any amount so
long as they do not impose a fine of more than $10,000 in respect of each
charge. This cannot be right as the power to impose a fine was intended to be
an intermediate penalty to address the wide gap between a mere censure and a
removal of a medical practitioner’s name from the Register of Medical
Practitioners. In our view, the wording of s 45(2)(d) of the Medical
Registration Act leads to the inescapable conclusion that a fine imposed on a
medical practitioner after an inquiry by a disciplinary committee of the SMC
should not exceed $10,000. As such, the fine imposed on Dr Chia was reduced to
$10,000.

**Costs**

15 On the question of costs, we noted that the appellant was successful in
only part of his appeal. As such, we made no order with respect to the costs
of the appeal.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 May 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

