Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Khng Thian Huat and Another v Riduan bin Yusof and Another  
[2004] SGHC 237

Case Number | : | Suit 929/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 21 October 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  V K Rajah JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Hri Kumar, Tan Teck San Kelvin and Wong Chin Soon Wilson (Drew and Napier LLC) for plaintiffs; Mohamed Hashim and N Kanagavijayan (A Mohamed Hashim and Madelene Sng) for defendants   
Parties | : |  Khng Thian Huat; Choy Mei Har — Riduan bin Yusof; Sa'adiah binte Mohamed Shaffi   
  
Civil Procedure – Costs – Principles – Proceedings not conclusively resulting
in triumph for any party – Court's approach to assessment of costs in such
circumstances – Whether issue-based approach to allocation of costs
appropriate – Factors to consider – Order 59 rr 5, 6A Rules of Court (Cap 322,
R 5, 2004 Rev Ed)  
  
Landlord and Tenant – Covenants – Failure to hand over property in same
condition as at commencement of third tenancy – Whether tenant obliged to
deliver property inclusive of alterations made to property during first and
second tenancies  
  
Landlord and Tenant – Creation of tenancy – Whether letter of intent
sufficient acknowledgment and acceptance of existence of tenancy – Whether
property being occupied purely on periodic basis – Whether tenants wrongfully
holding over property  
  

21 October 2004

V K Rajah JC:

1 Legal costs conventionally follow the event or in common parlance, the
result of the proceedings. However from time to time, proceedings may not
conclusively result in triumph for any of the parties. In such cases, should
the court be inclined to eschew the normal practice of granting costs on a
broad all-embracing basis? When should costs be awarded solely by reference to
the outcome of each of the various issues canvassed? The resolution of this
issue emerged as a significant point of interest in these proceedings.

2 The first and second plaintiffs, who are husband and wife respectively, are
the owners of 95 Telok Kurau Road, Singapore 279022 (“the property”). The
first defendant was the tenant of the property. The second defendant, the
first defendant’s wife, owned and managed a kindergarten at the property for
the duration of the first defendant’s tenancies. The first tenancy initially
ran from 1 January 1995 to 31 March 1997 (“the first tenancy”) but was
subsequently extended from 1 April 1997 to 31 March 2000 (“the second
tenancy”).

3 In January 2000, the first plaintiff signed a letter of intent (“the letter
of intent”) with the first defendant to let the property for a further period
from 1 April 2000 to 31 March 2003 (“the third tenancy”). The material terms
of the third tenancy were contained in the letter of intent that also
stipulated that “[a]ll other terms and conditions shall be stated in an
_official lease_ agreement to be signed by both parties” (“the official
lease”). For a variety of reasons, the precise details of which are now
largely irrelevant, the official lease was not signed.

4 In these proceedings the plaintiffs claimed against the defendants double
rent for holding over the property after the expiry of the second tenancy,
damages for failing to restore the property to its original condition when the
property was eventually vacated on 10 April 2003, as well as the consequential
loss of usage arising from the property’s state of disrepair. At the
conclusion of the trial, I dismissed the plaintiffs’ claim for double rent but
allowed their claim for damage to the property and loss of its usage for the
period required to effect restorative repairs. I also ordered that the parties
bear their own costs incurred in these proceedings. The first defendant, after
discharging his solicitors, now appeals against my decision on damages as well
as costs.

5 I shall briefly deal with the events leading to the dispute, as it will
assist in clarifying my decision on the costs order.

**Factual matrix**

6 Soon after the letter of intent was signed, the parties’ relationship
rapidly deteriorated. The first defendant was habitually late in making rental
payments. Promises were made and repeatedly broken; excuses were given and
inexplicably forgotten; deadlines for payment were serially overlooked by the
first defendant. The defendants claimed to be having cashflow problems. Quite
understandably the plaintiffs became increasingly frustrated. The defendants
in turn claimed that the plaintiffs lacked empathy and had themselves
repeatedly reneged on their oral commitments. Deep feelings of mistrust and
unhappiness permeated the parties’ relationship. The official lease was not
signed. In these proceedings each side vehemently and unflinchingly assigned
the sole responsibility for this unhappy state of affairs to the other side.

7 After a lapse of several months, matters came to a head on 2 March 2001. The
plaintiffs sent a letter to the first defendant asserting that the property
was being occupied purely on a periodic basis, thereby denying the validity
and indeed existence of the third tenancy. The exchange of solicitors’
correspondence that swiftly followed only served to exacerbate the tension
between the parties. In addition, the plaintiffs received a notice from the
Urban Redevelopment Authority (“URA”) drawing their attention to complaints
about the usage of the property. The complaints related to noise and traffic
congestion generated by the kindergarten’s operations. The URA warned the
plaintiffs that if the complaints were not satisfactorily addressed it would
have to reappraise approval of the existing usage of the property. The
plaintiffs drew the defendants’ attention to this letter but were not
satisfied with the measures taken by the defendants. On 29 March 2001, the
plaintiffs’ solicitors served on the defendants a notice of “termination”. The
defendants immediately rejected the unilateral termination of their occupancy
rights and refused to vacate the premises. In addition, they refused the
plaintiffs any access to the property when the plaintiffs sought to inspect
it.

**The plaintiffs’ claims**

8 The plaintiffs then asserted that the first defendant was liable for double
rent pursuant to s 28(4) of the Civil Law Act (Cap 43, 1999 Rev Ed) for
wrongfully holding over the property. Proceedings were commenced against the
defendants in the District Court. The plaintiffs’ claim exponentially
increased with the passage of time. After the plaintiffs’ claim for summary
proceedings failed, the proceedings were transferred by consent to the High
Court. The double rent claimed in these proceedings extended from 1 May 2001
to 10 April 2003, the latter being the date the plaintiffs finally gained
access to the property. After deducting the rental payments actually paid
during this period, the plaintiffs’ total claim for double rent amounted to
$458,000. I dismissed the plaintiffs’ claim on the basis that, notwithstanding
the omission to sign the official lease, both parties had by their earlier
conduct acknowledged and accepted the existence of the third tenancy. The
plaintiffs have not appealed against this decision.

9 The plaintiffs also claimed compensation for the damage caused by the
defendant’s failure to hand over the property in the same condition as it was
at the commencement of the third tenancy. It could not really be disputed that
there was some damage to the property caused by the defendants. The real
issues were the degree of damage, the apportionment for fair wear and tear and
the quantum of the claim. Both parties engaged experts to assess the quantum.
The disparity between their respective experts’ evidence was unfortunately
quite substantial. Acceding to the court’s suggestion, both parties’
solicitors sensibly agreed to abide by the decision of a court-appointed
expert on the issue of identifying and quantifying the alleged damage to the
property. The agreed terms of reference negotiated by the parties included the
following stipulations:

5 The Expert shall determine the time that it would take to perform
rectification works …

6 The Expert’s decision on the matters … _shall be final and binding on both
parties, and no appeal or revision shall be brought in respect of the Expert’s
decision_.

[emphasis added].

The terms of reference also directed the court expert to allow both parties to
make submissions and adduce evidence for her consideration. The court expert
subsequently carried out three site inspections and duly met the parties’
experts. The court expert thereafter concluded that the defendants were
responsible for damage to the property in the sum of $110,575.00, in addition
to the sum of $15,595.00 which the parties’ experts had earlier jointly
accepted as the sum due from the defendants. She also stated that it would
have taken seven weeks to repair the damage and reinstate the property.

**Findings**

10 I accepted the court expert’s views and findings. Defence counsel had no
complaints about the process the court expert had employed in arriving at her
conclusions, which to all intents and purposes appeared to be amply and
objectively supported by facts. Indeed, it was plainly not open to the
defendants to take issue with her “decision” in light of the explicit
agreement the parties had reached that it was to be “ _final and binding_ ”.
Damages were awarded only against the first defendant _qua_ tenant and on the
basis of the plaintiffs’ pleaded case. The first defendant was held liable for
damages in the sum of $79,170.00 derived in the following manner:

(a) compensation in the sum of $110,575.00 as assessed by the court expert,
plus the sum of $15,595.00 agreed as being due to the plaintiffs by the
parties’ experts;

(b) loss of use of property for seven weeks assessed on the basis of the
applicable rental amounting to a total of $40,250.00;

(c) reimbursement of the sum of $2,750.00 being the portion of the court
expert’s fees paid earlier by the plaintiffs;

less credit for the sum of $90,000.00 which had been held by the plaintiffs as
a security deposit for the third tenancy.

11 The sole legal issue to be determined in relation to the plaintiffs’ claim
for property damage was whether the first defendant was obliged to deliver the
property inclusive of the additions and alterations (“alterations”) made to
the property before the commencement of the third tenancy. The defendants
obdurately took the position that they were contractually _obliged_ to deliver
the property to the plaintiffs in its original state, _ie_ at the commencement
of the _first_ tenancy.

12 I upheld the defendants’ submission only in so far as it asserted that the
terms of the third tenancy were identical to that of the second tenancy
_mutatis mutandis_. The legal obligation apropos the restoration of the
property is contained in cl 2(I) of the second tenancy agreement, which reads:

_At the expiration of the said term_ to peaceably and quietly deliver up to
the Landlord the Premises _together with all the fixtures and fittings in like
condition as the same were delivered to the Tenant at the commencement of the
said term_ , authorised alterations or additions and damage by fair wear and
tear and acts of God excepted. [emphasis added]

13 A simple interpretation of this clause clearly reveals that it was
untenable for the defendants to argue that they should strip the property of
all authorised alterations effected to the property. The operative phrase “at
the commencement of the said tenancy” axiomatically refers to the commencement
of the _third_ tenancy and not the commencement of the _first_ tenancy as
tenuously construed by the defendants. I accepted the plaintiffs’ counsel’s
assertion that the word “said” refers to the last antecedent reference to the
word that follows the word “said” (in this case “term”): _Esdaile v Maclean_
(1846) 15 M & W 277; 153 ER 854. Indeed, the second tenancy expressly employs
the phrase “the said term” as referring to the duration of _that_ tenancy.

14 Alterations that had been effected during the first and second tenancies
had become _de facto_ fixtures and fittings by the time the third tenancy
commenced and were important accretions to the property that the defendants
could no longer remove on a whim without the plaintiffs’ prior consent.
Indeed, it is pertinent to note that defendants’ counsel did _not_ seriously
contend that the relevant alterations had not become “fixtures and fittings”.
It should be noted that contractual clauses similar to the clause in question
are usually inserted for the protection of landlords, who may at their option
require that the property be restored to its original state or that the
property be vacated with the alterations left intact. It ought to be
recognised, however, that different considerations may come into play when
machinery and proprietary equipment are involved. In the final analysis it is
a matter of objectively ascertaining the parties’ intentions.

15 It was abundantly clear that by removing the authorised alterations the
defendants were motivated purely by malice and ill will. The plaintiffs had
unequivocally requested that they do not tamper with or remove the alterations
made to the property. The plaintiffs had intended to continue with the usage
of the property as kindergarten premises and the defendants had more than an
inkling of such an intention. The approved statutory usage of the property as
a kindergarten would expire only on 5 April 2006. The defendants were fully
aware that there was no legal requirement to remove the alterations.

16 The defendants’ pettiness is patently exemplified by their demand through
their solicitors’ letters of 12 and 14 March 2003 of “consideration” in return
for leaving the “benefit” of the alterations intact. When the plaintiffs
refused to accede to this unreasonable demand, the defendants then wilfully
removed the alterations, disregarding the plaintiffs’ reasonable and
legitimate request to leave the property as it stood. In doing so, the
defendants wilfully damaged the property. The fact that the defendants went as
far as to incur costs to remove the alterations is testament to the lengths
they were prepared to go so as to manifestly express their rancour with the
plaintiffs, _inter alia_ , for initiating these proceedings.

**Costs**

17 The Singapore Court of Appeal in _Tullio v Maoro_ [1994] 2 SLR 489 at 496
embraced the general discretionary approach in relation to the assessment of
costs articulated in the headnote of _Re Elgindata Ltd_ _(No 2)_ [1993] 1 All
ER 232:

The principles on which costs were to be awarded were (i) that costs were in
the discretion of the court, (ii) that costs should follow the event except
when it appeared to the court that in the circumstances of the case some other
order should be made, (iii) that the general rule did not cease to apply
simply because the successful party raised issues or made allegations that
failed, but that he could be deprived of his costs in whole or in part where
he had caused a significant increase in the length of the proceedings, and
(iv) that where the successful party raised issues or made allegations
improperly or unreasonably the court could not only deprive him of his costs
but could also order him to pay the whole or part of the unsuccessful party’s
costs.

18 In applying this general approach, Chan Seng Onn JC in _Harte Denis Matthew
v Tan Hun Hoe_ [2001] SGHC 19 at [42] declared apropos the relevance of the
parties’ conduct in assessing costs that:

[A] successful party may be deprived of his costs in full or in part, if [his]
conduct has been sufficiently blameworthy. Disallowing his entitlement to
costs is one way that the court can effectively express its view of the
misconduct of the successful party during the pre-litigation or litigation
process and show its displeasure. In an exceptional case, the court may even
order the successful party to pay the costs of the unsuccessful party.

The importance and specific relevance of the parties’ conduct in assessing
costs is now legislatively encapsulated in O 59 r 5 of the Rules of Court (Cap
322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) (“ROC”). The sub-rule, _inter alia_ , now states that:

The Court in exercising its discretion as to costs shall, to such extent, if
any, as may be appropriate in the circumstances, _take into account_ … _the
conduct of all the parties, including conduct before, as well as during, the
proceedings …_ [emphasis added]

While the parties’ conduct prior to and/or during the proceedings is usually
only one of the multifarious factors to be considered in determining the
appropriate costs order, in certain cases it may take centre stage. Where a
party has no other recourse but to initiate proceedings so as to obtain a
measure of certitude in a situation engendered by the other party’s capricious
or tempestuous behaviour, the court will usually pay particular attention to
the parties’ conduct in deciding what the appropriate costs order ought to be.

19 Perhaps in an attempt to obviate any judicial expression of disapproval of
the defendants’ conduct, defence counsel invited me to adopt an issue-based
approach to the allocation of costs in these proceedings. This approach, if
applied clinically, would have appreciably mitigated the overall costs
repercussions for the defendants, allowing them to recover a substantial
portion of their costs. Their counsel, in pursuing such an approach, relied on
certain general _dicta_ by Chadwick LJ in _Summit Property Ltd v Pitmans_
[2001] EWCA Civ 2020 at [27]:

… _An issue based approach requires a judge to consider, issue by issue in
relation to those issues to which that approach is to be applied, where the
costs on each distinct or discrete issue should fall. If, in relation to any
issue in the case before it the court considers that it should adopt an issue
based approach to costs, the court must ask itself which party has been
successful on that issue. Then, if the costs are to follow the event on that
issue, the party who has been unsuccessful on that issue must expect to pay
the costs of that issue to the party who has succeeded on that issue_. That is
the effect of applying the general principle on an issue by issue based
approach to costs. Further, there will be cases (of which this is not one)
where, on an issue by issue approach, a party who has been successful on an
issue may still be denied his costs of that issue because, in the view of the
court, he has pursued it unreasonably. The question, therefore, can be re-
stated: was the judge entitled to approach the costs in this case on an issue
by issue basis? In my view, for the reasons set out by the judge and by
Longmore LJ, I am not persuaded that the judge can be criticised for adopting
that approach in what he described as an _unusual case, having circumstances
which were special and particularly strong_. If judges are to approach the
question of costs on an issue by issue basis, then their decisions as to cases
in which that approach is appropriate must be respected. [emphasis added]

20 I make two brief observations in relation to this approach. First, the
approach to costs in the cited case was inspired by the new English Civil
Procedure Rules, which effectively redefined the legal costs landscape in
England. Second, such an approach should in any event be adopted only in
unusual cases. The judge of first instance in that case had instructively
observed (as quoted by the English Court of Appeal at [11]):

I think that issue based costs orders such as I believe are appropriate in
this case will be _exceptional_. _I would not want to be thought to be
encouraging or believing that there will develop a general trend in the
majority of cases for the courts to make costs order in both directions_.
[emphasis added]

The Court of Appeal did not demur from this approach in dismissing the appeal.

21 The normal costs order in trial proceedings ought to be on an all-
encompassing basis taking into account the circumstances adverted to in [17]
above. The usual direction is for costs to follow the event. However, in some
cases such as this, there is no clear demarcation as to which party has been
successful on an overall basis. A sterile issue-based approach or a pure time-
based approach might create mathematical partisanship that will not embrace
the entire spectrum of discretionary factors inherent in trial proceedings.
The assessment of costs ought not to be a clinical scientific exercise
divorced from considerations of intuitive fairness. The court almost
invariably ought to “look at all the circumstances of the case including any
matters that led to the litigation”: _Ho Kon Kim v Lim Geok Kim Betsy (No 2)_
[2001] 4 SLR 603 at [12]. It would therefore be preferable to deploy such an
issue-based approach, or alternatively a time-based approach, only in unusual
cases or on occasions where the raising of particular issues has
“unnecessarily or unreasonably protracted, or added to the costs or complexity
of … proceedings” (see O 59 r 6A of the ROC).

22 These proceedings arose primarily because of the defendants’ failure to pay
the rent timeously after signing the letter of intent. The plaintiffs had
initially adopted a restrained and pragmatic approach. Indeed, throughout the
duration of the earlier tenancies they did not take issue with several delays
in rental payment. They were however finally constrained to take a stand
during the third tenancy in light of the defendants’ recalcitrant and
capricious behaviour. It can be fairly said that the defendants forced the
plaintiffs’ hands culminating in the initiation of these proceedings; the
plaintiffs were compelled to state and stake their legal position in an
attempt to define more precisely their rights given the unsatisfactory state
of affairs then prevailing between the parties.

23 In this case it is relevant to take into account the parties’ conduct both
prior to as well as during the trial proceedings. The first defendant did not
testify in these proceedings; instead, he left it entirely to the second
defendant to bear the evidential cross. I found the second defendant to be an
unsatisfactory witness prone to bouts of theatrics and evasiveness. Indeed,
even counsel for the defendants in his submissions conceded that the second
defendant’s conduct was “undeniably disruptive of the proceedings”. This
regrettably and unnecessarily added to the length of the hearing and
exacerbated the already palpable tension between the parties. It seemed
patently clear to me from the evidence that it was the second defendant, and
not the first defendant, who called all the shots and who was indeed largely
instrumental in creating the unhappy state of affairs between the parties.

24 In the circumstances, while recognising that the parties had spent an
inordinate length of time in these proceedings addressing the plaintiffs’
unsuccessful claim for double rent, I felt that the appropriate order for
costs should not be determined by the outcome of each individual contentious
issue. The financial consequences of such an approach would have been
distinctly more favourable to the defendants. On the contrary, fairness
dictated that the appropriate order of costs ought to be determined by
reference to the totality of the circumstances, taking into account, in
particular, the parties’ conduct both prior to and during these proceedings.
Accordingly, the appropriate order in my view was that the parties bear their
own costs. Despite succeeding on the main issue the defendants had in reality
only achieved a Pyrrhic victory.

Plaintiffs’ claim allowed in part.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 21 Oct 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

