Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Dayco Products Singapore Pte Ltd (in liquidation) v Ong Cheng Aik  
[2004] SGHC 192

Case Number | : | Suit 1463/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 02 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Ashok Kumar and Eugene Thuraisingam (Allen and Gledhill) for plaintiff; Francis Goh (Ari Goh and Partners) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Dayco Products Singapore Pte Ltd (in liquidation) — Ong Cheng Aik   
  
Companies – Directors – Duties – Breach of fiduciary duties – Whether director
breached fiduciary duties by failing to disclose personal interest in
transactions of company – s 156(1) Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  
Companies – Directors – Liabilities – Whether director liable to account for
unauthorised profits made as a result of failure to disclose personal interest
in transactions of company – Whether director liable to compensate company in
damages  
  

2 September 2004

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 This action raises the questions whether the defendant, Ong Cheng Aik, as
managing director of the plaintiff, failed to disclose his personal interest
in some transactions with the plaintiff and, if so, is he liable to account to
the plaintiff for the unauthorised profits made by him? Alternatively, did the
failure to disclose his interest render him liable to compensate the plaintiff
in damages?

2 The plaintiff, Dayco Products Singapore Pte Ltd, a company in voluntary
liquidation, was at all material times a trading company engaged in the
business of supplying aftermarket automotive belts and hoses in Asia. It is
the plaintiff’s case that the defendant, without the knowledge and approval of
the board or shareholders, caused the plaintiff to enter into various
transactions for the sale of the plaintiff’s goods to the defendant’s own
companies, Mark IV Singapore Pte Ltd (“Mark IV Singapore”) and Asia Pacific
Automotive Pte Ltd (“APA”). The pleadings assert a positive duty to act in
good faith and in the best interests of the plaintiff. The pleadings also
assert the negative fiduciary duty of avoiding a position of conflict between
personal interest and duty. It was argued that the defendant breached his
fiduciary duties as he failed to make adequate and frank disclosure of his
personal interest in the sale transactions on account of his directorships and
shareholdings in Mark IV Singapore and APA. The defendant does not dispute his
interest in Mark IV Singapore and APA, but denies that he is liable on the
grounds alleged.

3 The trial was conducted over several days. A total of nine witnesses
testified at the trial. In the first tranche, Mr Michael Khoo SC represented
the defendant. Mr Francis Goh came into the matter for the defendant after the
hearing was restored. Mr Ashok Kumar, assisted by Mr Eugene Thuraisingam,
represents the plaintiff.

4 I should mention that the defendant made an unmeritorious attempt in his
Closing Submissions to resuscitate the failed preliminary argument that
questioned the liquidator’s authority to bring this action. That preliminary
point was concluded at the early stages in favour of the plaintiff and it was
on that footing that the trial proceeded on the substantive issues.

5 I begin with a narration of some of the background facts. The plaintiff was,
at all material times, the wholly owned subsidiary of Dayco Products Inc, a
company incorporated in Delaware, USA. The ultimate holding company was Mark
IV Industries Inc, a company incorporated in Buffalo, USA. The subsidiaries of
Mark IV Industries Inc were arranged into two separate divisions, the
industrial division and the automotive division. Dayco Europe SRL (“Dayco
Europe”), Dayco Products Inc and the plaintiff, all of whom were involved in
the automotive business, were grouped in the automotive division. Dayco
Products Inc changed its name to Dayco Products LLC on 13 September 2000.

6 At the relevant times, John Purden (“Purden”) was the vice president and
general manager of Dayco Europe for the geographical area of Europe, South
America, Asia and Australia. The defendant was in charge of the day-to-day
management of the plaintiff. The defendant reported directly to Purden, who in
turn reported to Kurt Johansson. Kurt Johansson was the head of the Mark IV
automotive division. He was a director of Dayco Europe and an officer of Mark
IV Industries Inc, and he reported to the board of directors of Mark IV
Industries Inc on the affairs of the plaintiff.

7 The board of the plaintiff comprised the defendant, Tan Meow Kheng (the
defendant’s wife), William P Montague, Sal H Alfiero and Gerald S Lippes. It
is not disputed that Tan Meow Kheng was a director in name for “administrative
reasons”. The other three foreign directors were not resident in Singapore.
Purden explained in his Supplemental Affidavit of Evidence-in-Chief, that
Dayco Product Inc did not have its own board of directors and was controlled
by Mark IV Industries Inc.

8 It is common ground that on 28 June 1999, the defendant was told that the
plaintiff’s operations would be closed down by 31 December 1999 and the
company would thereafter be voluntarily liquidated. In its place, a sales
representative office of Dayco Europe would be set up. The defendant was to
stay on after 31 October 1999 on a full-time basis to close down the company
and transfer the existing business to the sales representative office to be
headed by Josephine Yap (“Yap”) who was the sales administration manager of
the plaintiff. The sales representative office was set up in January 2000. In
April or May 2001, the sales representative office changed its name to Dayco
Aftermarket SRL.

9 The parties had referred to the transactions in question as the sale of
“Returned Goods”, the “Bonded Warehouse Stock” and finally, the “Excess
Singapore Stock”. It is not disputed that by 26 July 1999, the plaintiff and
the defendant agreed to the following:

(a) To sell the Returned Goods and Bonded Warehouse Stock at a lump sum price
of US$150,000 to the plaintiff’s Hong Kong and/or Singapore distributors.

(b) To sell the Singapore inventory, _ie_ Excess Singapore Stock, “at a
maximum discount of 50% of inter-company costs”.

(c) Any offers other than (a) and (b) would have to be approved by the
plaintiff.

10 The Returned Goods represented stock previously sold to the plaintiff’s
distributor in Seoul, South Korea, Shin Young Trading, whose sole proprietor
was An Wea Don (“AWD”). AWD was a casualty of the Asian financial crisis and,
with the devaluation of the Korean won, he had difficulties paying the
plaintiff for the stock he had bought. There was still an outstanding sum of
US$599,032 due and owing to the plaintiff. The plaintiff agreed in a letter
dated 18 August 1999, to take back the stock and to refund him his earlier
payment of US$144,344. The Bonded Warehouse Stock, on the other hand,
represented stock warehoused in Singapore pending shipment to AWD.

11 The plaintiff alleged that the defendant knowingly misrepresented the true
value of the Returned Goods and Bonded Warehouse Stock, and induced the
plaintiff to sell them to Tong Chieh Trading (Hong Kong) Co Ltd (“Tong
Chieh”). The sale to Tong Chieh, evidenced by the plaintiff’s invoice no
903621 dated 31 August 1999, was a “sham” arranged by the defendant to conceal
the true nature of the sale from the plaintiff so that the defendant could
deal with the goods for his own benefit. The defendant used APA’s name and
dealt with these goods through Mark IV Singapore. The Returned Goods remained
in South Korea and were treated as part of Mark IV Singapore’s initial capital
injection for an 80% shareholding in a new Korean company that was
subsequently renamed Shin Young Trading Co Ltd. In the case of the Bonded
Warehouse Stock, Mark IV Singapore, in reality, sold the stock to Shin Young
Trading Co Ltd for a profit.

12 The Excess Singapore Stock was from the plaintiff’s inventory in Singapore.
The allegation was that the defendant arranged for the Excess Singapore Stock
to be sold to APA, without disclosing his directorship and shareholding in
APA. Mark IV Singapore paid for the goods and later sold them at a profit to
the plaintiff’s distributors in the Philippines and Singapore.

13 There is no difficulty here with the formulation of the law on this topic
and in the analysis of the facts. A director, being a fiduciary, cannot
exercise his powers for his own benefit or gain without clearly disclosing his
interest and obtaining the necessary consent. The English Court of Appeal in
_Gwembe Valley Development Co Ltd v Koshy (No 3)_ [2004] 1 BCLC 131 at [65]
said:

The requirement of the general law is that, although disclosure does not have
to be made formally to the board, a company director must make full disclosure
to all the shareholders of all the material facts. The shareholders in the
company, to which he owes the fiduciary duty not to make an unauthorised
profit from his position, must approve of, or acquiesce in, his profit.
Disclosure requirements are not confined to the nature of the director’s
interest: they extend to disclosure of its extent, including the source and
scale of the profit made from his position, so as to ensure that the
shareholders are ‘fully informed of the real state of things’, as Lord
Radcliffe said in _Gray v New Augarita Porcupine Mines Ltd_ [1952] 3 DLR 1 at
14.

14 Separately, s 156(1) of the Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) and
sometimes the articles of a company, permit a director who is interested in a
proposed transaction to take the benefit of the transaction if he discloses
his interest to the board and takes no part in the decision of the board on
the transaction. If the director makes that disclosure and abstains from
taking part in the decision, the validity of the transaction is not impaired.

15 A failure to adequately disclose will render the director accountable to
the company for the profits made from the transaction. The law governing the
liability to account by one in a special fiduciary relationship with another
has been authoritatively declared by the House of Lords in _Boardman_ _v_
_Phipps_ [1967] 2 AC 46. The plaintiff must, on the facts, demonstrate a “real
sensible possibility of conflict”: _Queensland Mines Ltd v Hudson_ (1978) 3
ACLR 176.

16 The defendant submits that there can be no breach of fiduciary duties as
alleged because Purden had acquiesced in the sales as he was aware of the
defendant’s interest in APA and Mark IV Singapore. Purden was the person whom
the defendant primarily looked to for information, advice and instructions
relating to the conduct of the affairs and business of the plaintiff. The
defendant had talked to Purden about his plans after the closure of the
plaintiff’s Singapore office, and the reasons for the incorporation of APA and
Mark IV Singapore. As such, Purden was under a duty to communicate to the
plaintiff’s overseas management what he knew about APA and Mark IV Singapore.
Where an agent has a duty to communicate certain facts to the principal, the
principal is imputed with knowledge of these facts.

17 In short, can the knowledge and acquiescence of Purden be attributed to the
plaintiff in the present case? The short answer to the defendant’s contention
on this question is that the law requires disclosure to and the consent of a
fully independent board under s 156(1) of the Companies Act or the
shareholders under general law before it will regard the fiduciary as
absolved. As the essential fiduciary obligation is to avoid conflict between
personal interest and duty to the plaintiff, it is necessary for the defendant
to actually disclose that his companies were buying the plaintiff’s goods and
to seek its approval for the sales. As counsel for the plaintiff rightly
submits, there was factually no disclosure, as such, in the present case,
leading to informed consent that would absolve a fiduciary from what would
otherwise have been a breach of duty. It was never suggested that the
defendant had formally informed the board of directors of the plaintiff or its
shareholders or that they had given their consent to sell the respective
stocks in question to APA and Mark IV Singapore.

18 Specifically on the question posed in [17], which is about whether informal
disclosure or knowledge informally acquired is sufficient to satisfy the
disclosure requirements, I am of the view that it is unsustainable in law or
fact. The defendant has not established on a balance of probabilities, that
Purden knew or was aware of, or even acquiesced in the respective sales of the
Returned Goods, Bonded Warehouse Stock and Excess Singapore Stock to the
defendant’s companies, APA and Mark IV Singapore. The evidence before me is
limited and cannot constitute a “vicarious” attribution of knowledge
sufficient to satisfy the requirement of disclosure to the board or
shareholders. I shall now elaborate on my decision.

19 The defendant’s pleaded case is that he wanted to take over the business
operations of the plaintiff upon its cessation and he was in discussion with
management of the automotive division between June and September 1999 about
this. He also discussed the setting up of a joint investment in a regional
factory to manufacture Dayco products at a low cost. His vision was for the
distributors of Dayco products in Asia to form a “partnership” venture. The
“partnership” venture would involve the incorporation of a holding company for
the various regional distributors of Dayco products. The holding company would
own substantial shareholdings in the distributors and the distributors would,
in turn, own a stake in the holding company.

20 The defendant testified that this “partnership” venture was discussed with
Purden in late June or early July 1999. Purden was supportive of the
defendant’s ideas and had assured him of his belief that management of the
automotive division would be receptive to the idea. With that assurance, the
defendant incorporated Mark IV Singapore and APA on 23 July 1999 and 31 July
1999 respectively.

21 Mark IV Singapore was intended to be the vehicle for the “partnership”
venture to set up the factory as well as to take over the distribution
management in Asia. APA was to assume the business of distributing Dayco
products in Singapore and Indonesia. The shareholders of Mark IV Singapore
were to comprise of distributors in Singapore, Hong Kong, South Korea and the
Philippines. Both Purden and Yap were each to be 5% shareholders and their
shares were to be held in trust by the defendant. They were described in the
list of shareholders as “JP Nominees”.

22 The plaintiff denies any discussions of a venture as alleged. Purden
testified that the defendant approached him about taking over the plaintiff’s
operations only in October 1999. He wrote to his management on 1 November 1999
about the proposal. However, management was not in favour of the defendant
taking over the business of the plaintiff as Dayco Europe, through its sales
representative office, could continue to supply the plaintiff’s existing
customers directly from Europe. Purden orally communicated management’s
decision to the defendant on or around the first week of November 1999.

23 Both Yap and Purden deny acquiring a stake in Mark IV Singapore. Yap said
she declined the offer for two reasons: she was still an employee of the
plaintiff and later of Dayco Europe, and she did not have the money to
subscribe to the shares. Purden’s evidence is that sometime around the first
week of July 1999, the defendant approached him and orally offered him shares
in a company to be set up by the defendant to engage in business relating to
batteries, filters, brake pads and windshield wipers, none of which the
plaintiff nor Dayco Europe dealt in. Purden said he was interested as the
proposed business was to be complementary and not in competition with Dayco
Europe. He was not aware of the name of the new company until September 1999
when he wrote out a cheque for his proposed shareholding. Purden later stopped
payment on the cheque after he changed his mind about participation despite
having told the defendant to change the company name “Mark IV Singapore”.

24 According to the Defence, the Returned Goods and Bonded Warehouse Stock
were sold to Tong Chieh, the plaintiff’s distributor in Hong Kong, for a total
price of US$150,000. Tong Chieh resold the Returned Goods and Bonded Warehouse
Stock to the plaintiff’s distributor, Shin Young Trading Co Ltd, in South
Korea. APA paid for the goods on behalf of Tong Chieh who then repaid APA.

25 Subsequently, the defendant revealed in the Further and Better Particulars
of the Defence, filed on 7 June 2002, that Tong Chieh was a nominee purchaser
of the Returned Goods and Bonded Warehouse Stock. Tong Chieh did not actually
pay for the Returned Goods and Bonded Warehouse Stock. APA paid the plaintiff.
In April 2000, Mark IV Singapore paid APA for the goods.

26 Similarly, the defendant revealed that the Excess Singapore Stock was
bought by APA as nominee purchaser and then resold to Mark IV Singapore on or
about 19 August and 2 September 1999. The defendant said that APA was at that
time, a distributor of the plaintiff and the Mark IV automotive division. Mark
IV Singapore then sold the stock to DAV Commercial, Asia Pacific Rubber &
Plastics Pte Ltd and Ultra Auto Trading Co Ltd. The defendant, however, agreed
with Mr Kumar that APA at the material time, was not the plaintiff’s
distributor. The distributor in Singapore was Asia Pacific Rubber & Plastics
Pte Ltd. In August 1999, APA was not yet appointed a distributor of Dayco
products for Indonesia and Singapore. Purden’s evidence is that he did not
know about APA until he signed the distributorship agreement dated 8 November
1999. Mr Kumar made the point that on 26 July 1999, APA was yet to be
incorporated. Therefore, there could have been no understanding that APA would
purchase the Excess Singapore Stock.

27 The defendant alleges that Purden knew about APA much earlier than he would
care to admit. The defendant produced documents from BTS Renovation and called
its sole proprietor, Tay Ming Wah, to testify that the signage of APA was
already in full view at the plaintiff’s premises at the time of the
transaction in August 1999 and argued that Purden who frequently visited the
office would have seen the name. It transpired that BTS Renovation was not
registered at that time and Mr Kumar invited me to reject both the invoice and
receipt issued by BTS Renovation and the evidence of Tay Ming Wah. I agree
with Mr Kumar that the defendant’s explanation that he asked BTS Renovation
for the invoice and receipt for Mark IV Singapore’s auditors is implausible as
the audited accounts had already been filed for some time. Moreover, the
plaintiff was able to provide countervailing evidence to show that the APA
signage was ordered much later. The plaintiff disclosed an invoice dated 3
February 2000 from Universal Displays Pte Ltd for the supply of signage for
APA dated 3 February 2000.

28 The use of nominee purchasers was not explained at all. In my judgment, the
defendant tried to hoodwink the plaintiff into thinking that the sales were
indeed to an existing distributor of the plaintiff in Asia. The defendant
quite clearly had wanted to buy over the plaintiff’s goods at the discounted
price and he made use of nominee purchasers to circumvent the plaintiff’s
authorisation of 26 July 1999 to sell the goods to its current distributors.
It bears repeating that the plaintiff was willing to sell the Returned Goods
and Bonded Warehouse Stock at a lump sum price of US$150,000 to its then
current distributors, Tong Chieh or Singapore distributor who at that time was
Asia Pacific Rubber and Plastic Pte Ltd. Purden’s fax dated 1 July 1999
discussed selling the Returned Goods to the current distributors. The
defendant’s fax of 26 July referred to the fax of 1 July and Purden’s
agreement and authorisation to the defendant to sell the Returned Goods and
Bonded Warehouse Stock at US$150,000 to “our Hong Kong/ Singapore
distributors”.

29 Originally, Purden had wanted to sell the goods at US$250,000 even though
they were worth US$743,000, as it was economically and commercially
unattractive to ship the goods back to Europe. The defendant had informed
Purden that the Bonded Warehouse Stock was not worth very much and it should
be sold to one of the plaintiff’s Asian distributors. The defendant suggested
selling the Bonded Warehouse Stock together with the Returned Goods at
US$150,000 to Tong Chieh. Purden agreed to the suggestion thinking that it was
the best price that the stock could fetch. Whatever the arguments for either
side, the point is that the defendant, as fiduciary, should have told the
plaintiff that the Returned Goods would remain in South Korea.

30 The motive for backdating the Distributorship Agreement, signed on 8
November 1999 between the plaintiff and APA, to 1 July 1999 is fairly obvious.
In my view, it is an excuse to enable the defendant to claim that the August/
September 1999 sale was to a Singapore distributor. In any event, the buyer of
the Excess Singapore Stock as admitted by the defendant was, in reality, Mark
IV Singapore. The defendant conceded during cross-examination that he did not
tell the plaintiff about this buyer. Mark IV Singapore on-sold the stock at a
profit and the defendant also did not tell the plaintiff about it.

31 Significantly, it is not the defendant’s case that Purden knew of the use
of the nominee purchasers. The use of nominee purchasers such as Tong Chieh
and APA undermines the defendant’s contention that Purden knew and acquiesced
in the matters relevant to the breach of fiduciary duties.

32 In my judgment, the defendant did not disclose that the sales were to his
companies, APA and Mark IV Singapore. I am satisfied that on the evidence, the
defendant breached his fiduciary duty as a director of the company by placing
his personal interest in making and completing the sales of the Returned
Goods, Bonded Warehouse Stock and Excess Singapore Stock above his duty to act
in good faith for the benefit of the plaintiff. The transactions in question
took place whilst the defendant’s relationship as director with the plaintiff
subsisted. Whether the plaintiff would have acquiesced in the sale to the
defendant’s companies had the board known about the defendant’s interest in
APA and Mark IV Singapore and the circumstances for their incorporation, is
not the point. The plaintiff had wanted to sell the goods to its current
distributors at a discounted price and the defendant was to have sought
authorisation from the plaintiff if the offers received were from different
entities or in monetary terms. It was relevant for the plaintiff to know that
the sales were a departure from its authorisation and it followed that the
defendant was under a duty to communicate such developments to the plaintiff.
The defendant had, in the circumstances, acted in conflict between his
fiduciary duty and his personal interest.

33 Mr Goh argues that management had committed to a course of action on 26
July 1999 and the prevailing concern had been to reduce costs and to effect a
“quick sale”. The defendant saw to that and, in fact, assisted the plaintiff
by taking the goods off its hands. To illustrate, the Excess Singapore Stock
comprised of slow moving items that, in the usual course of events, would have
taken a long time to sell. Some of the items were also obsolete. The defendant
further argues that the plaintiff is estopped from asserting the true value of
the goods against the defendant who had all the while acted on the plaintiff’s
decision of 26 July 1999 and sold the goods at the agreed discount. The
defendant maintains that it cannot be liable to account to the plaintiff for
the difference in value or at all. None of these matters assist the defendant.

34 The liability to account arises from the fiduciary’s breach of duty. Having
improperly profited or gained from his position, the defendant has to account
to the plaintiff for the profits or gains he has obtained. It is no defence
that the plaintiff was unlikely or unable to make the profits for which an
account is to be taken. It also does not depend upon detriment to the
plaintiff. Gibbs J in _Consul Development Pty Limited v DPC Estates Pty
Limited_ (1975) 132 CLR 373 at 394 stated:

Where the rule applies, the liability of the person in a fiduciary position
does not depend on the fact that the person to whom the duty is owed has
suffered an injury or loss.

35 On the evidence, the profit the defendant made on the sale of Excess
Singapore Stock was US$44,321. That is the amount the defendant has to account
to the plaintiff.

36 The defendant said Mark IV Singapore sold the Bonded Warehouse Stock to
Shin Young Trading Co at US$165,574.25. The defendant’s testimony is that the
stock was not worth much. Yap testified that in the books, the value of the
stock was written down to zero. The defendant stated in his written testimony
that the Bonded Warehouse Stock was only sold off completely some eight months
after it was sold to Tong Chieh. The defendant stated that the so-called
“profits” were used to offset the expenses incurred by Mark IV Singapore in
setting up Shin Young Trading Co Ltd. These contentions are irrelevant, as I
have explained in [34]. In my judgment, the defendant has to account to the
plaintiff the sum of US$165,574.25

37 Mr Kumar submits that the discovered documents do not show that Mark IV
Singapore put APA into funds before 13 September 1999 when APA paid US$150,000
to the plaintiff. In a letter from AWD dated 11 August 1999, AWD authorised
the defendant to accept the plaintiff’s payment on his behalf pursuant to the
Return Stock agreement. In that letter, AWD also confirmed that the money due
to him from the plaintiff was to be paid to APA. The plaintiff made out to APA
two cheques dated 17 August 1999 for the total sum of US$150,000. It was from
this money that US$150,000 was used to pay the plaintiff for the Returned
Goods and Bonded Warehouse Stock. In calculating the gains made by the
defendant, I am nonetheless prepared to give credit of US$150,000 to the
defendant, as the plaintiff had not said anything about having to pay AWD
twice over.

38 In the case of the Returned Goods, the defendant’s gain is his acquisition
of an 80% shareholding in Shin Young Trading Co Ltd. The defendant testified
that the 80% shareholding in the new company was acquired by way of Returned
Goods with a value of US$743,376.63 together with a sum of US$50,000 and a
loan of US$25,000. The loan of US$25,000, in my view, cannot be counted
towards acquisition cost. However, AWD who was the other 20% shareholder in
Shin Young Trading Co Ltd said that the Returned Goods was valued at US$500,00
and represented Mark IV Singapore’s capital injection in kind into the Shin
Young Trading Co Ltd in exchange for an 80% shareholding in the company.
Moreover, AWD, who testified for the plaintiff, did not accept that the
initial paid up capital of the new company was US$1m. Purden, in his written
testimony, mentioned a figure of US$600,000 based on information from AWD and
it was for 80% of AWD’s business. He understood from AWD that US$600,000
represented approximately 80% of the total worth of the Returned Goods. In the
light of the conflicting evidence, the best available evidence is the cost
price of the Returned Goods, which is indisputably US$538,800.12. The
defendant has to account to the plaintiff for the benefit obtained or
compensate the plaintiff’s loss, in the sum of US$388,800.12 (US$538,800.12 -
US$150,000).

39 Mr Goh, in his Closing Submissions, invited the court to apply s 391 of the
Companies Act to absolve the defendant of the consequences of the breach of
duty. This is not a point the defendant is entitled to take in the absence of
such a plea in his Defence. Anyhow, in the circumstances of the case, I am
unable to see how the conduct of the defendant merits the assistance of the
court. The defendant’s steady conviction of his own innocence is misplaced.

40 For these reasons, there be judgment for the plaintiff in the total sum of
US$598,695.37 together with interest thereon at the rate of 6% per annum from
the date of the Writ of Summons until judgment. The plaintiff is entitled to
costs of this action.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 02 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

