Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tang Yoke Kheng (trading as Niklex Supply Co) v Lek Benedict and Others (No
2)  
[2004] SGHC 215

Case Number | : | Suit 864/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 27 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Andrew Ang JC   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  P Suppiah and Elengovan Krishnan (P Suppiah and Co) for plaintiff; Daniel John and Lim Fung Peen (John Tan and Chan) for first and second defendants; Daryll Ng and Nicole Tan (Haridass Ho and Partners) for third defendant   
Parties | : |  Tang Yoke Kheng (trading as Niklex Supply Co) — Lek Benedict; Lim Wee Chuan; Tan Te Teck Gregory   
  
Companies – Winding up – First and second defendants directors of company
-First and second defendants causing company to purchase goods on running
account from plaintiff then transferring such goods to other related companies
– Plaintiff alleging first and second defendants causing company to continue
trading even though company insolvent – Whether first and second defendants
knowingly parties to carrying on of business of company with intent to defraud
creditors – Whether first and second defendants liable for company's debts –
Section 340(1) Companies Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed)  
  
Tort – Conspiracy – Whether third defendant conspiring with first and second
defendants in alleged wrongdoings  
  

27 September 2004 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Andrew Ang JC:

1 The plaintiff, trading as Niklex Supply Co (“Niklex”), is a creditor of
Amrae Benchuan Trading Pte Ltd (“the Company”), now in liquidation, of which
the first and second defendants were at all material times the directors and
shareholders. The third defendant was an employee of the Company.

2 The gravamen of the claim by the plaintiff is that the business of the
Company had been carried on with intent to defraud creditors of the Company
(in particular the plaintiff or Niklex) in breach of s 340(1) of the Companies
Act (Cap 50, 1994 Rev Ed) (“the Act”).

3 Adopting a “blunderbuss approach” in the Re-Amended Statement of Claim, the
plaintiff also alleged breaches of ss 157 and 339(3) of the Act and sought to
invoke s 409A of the Act. However, the plaintiff’s counsel, Mr P Suppiah did
not, at any stage of the trial, pursue them. That is just as well; no civil
suit can be commenced in respect of a breach of s 339(3) until there has been
a conviction for the offence. As for s 157, it merely imposes upon a director
a duty at all times to act honestly and to use due diligence in the discharge
of his duties. By itself, it confers no rights on a creditor. Although the
provisions of s 409A could, in an appropriate case where the court has power
under the section to grant an injunction, be invoked to found a claim for
damages in respect of a breach of s 157 (or indeed of any other provisions of
the Act), the remedy is not available to the plaintiff in this case; the
interlocutory injunction taken out by the plaintiff has been discharged by the
order of Lai Kew Chai J and this has been upheld despite the plaintiff’s
appeal to the Court of Appeal.

4 As set out in the Re-Amended Statement of Claim, the plaintiff’s numerous
allegations against the first and second defendants, with a view to proving
intent on their part to defraud the Company’s creditors, included the
following:

(a) Although the Company was insolvent from 1999 onwards, the first and second
defendants caused the Company to continue trading;

(b) The first and second defendants paid salaries, bonuses, travelling
expenses to themselves and to the third defendant in 2000 and 2001;

(c) The first and second defendants wrongfully caused the Company to grant
loans to themselves and to the third defendant in 2000 and 2001, which loans
were never repaid;

(d) In order to dissipate the Company’s assets, the first and second
defendants wrongfully caused the Company to:

(i) pay $32,067.84 to Axum Marketing Pte Ltd (“Axum”) of which the defendants
were shareholders and directors;

(ii) spend $283,769.31 on advertising and promotion in 2002 when the Company
was insolvent;

(iii) pay $100,000 as reimbursement of petty cash; and

(iv) pay Concept Gifts Pte Ltd (“Concept Gifts”) $125,000;

(e) The first and second defendants wrongfully dissipated the Company’s assets
in order to put them out of the reach of Niklex by transferring them to
allegedly related companies, _ie_ , Amrae Benchuan Sdn Bhd (“Amrae Sdn Bhd”),
Amrae Benchuan International Pte Ltd (“Amrae International”), Axum, Concept
Gifts, Concept Gifts (M) Sdn Bhd, Edge Point (M) Sdn Bhd and Edge Point (S)
Pte Ltd;

(f) The first and second defendants conspired with the third defendant to make
to the third defendant the fraudulent payments described in paras (b) and (c)
above.

5 Against the third defendant, the plaintiff’s allegations may be summed up as
follows:

(a) He conspired with, aided and abetted the first and second defendants in
the dissipation of the assets of the Company, in particular by his receiving
moneys as purported salaries, bonuses and loans;

(b) He conspired with, aided and abetted the first and second defendants, and
was knowingly a party to the fraudulent conduct of the business of the Company
to defraud the plaintiff, in particular:

(i) by the setting up of Amrae Sdn Bhd, Amrae International and Axum and
transferring to them goods bought by the Company from the plaintiff without
the Company or the plaintiff being paid for the same;

(ii) by the transferring of goods (bought by the Company from the plaintiff)
to Concept Gifts (of which the third defendant was sole proprietor but which
was later converted into a private limited company owned by the three
defendants) without the Company or the plaintiff being paid for the goods.

6 The defendants were able to show that some of the allegations arose out of
the plaintiff’s misinterpretation of accounting entries. For example,

(a) the loans which the first and second defendants were alleged to have
caused the Company to grant to themselves and to the third defendant were in
fact payments of outstandings owed by the Company to the defendants in respect
of accrued directors’ fees and/or loans made by the defendants to the Company;
and

(b) the $283,769.31 (allegedly spent on advertising and promotion in 2002 when
the Company was insolvent) was shown to have been incurred previously,
accounting adjustments having been made belatedly in 2002.

Others were explained away with apparent certitude by the defendants. The
plaintiff was unable to adduce any evidence to controvert such explanations
even if they were not accepted.

7 The payments of salaries, travelling expenses and bonuses were not denied.
However, it was shown that the salaries and travelling expenses were
substantially the same as for the years since the Company started business.
The plaintiff’s witness had said that if it were less, he would not have
objected. When pressed, he did not suggest what the lower figure might be. Mr
Suppiah intervened to say that it was a point for submission but this was not
pursued in closing submissions. Indeed, in closing, Mr Suppiah said:

There are many facts in this case which are not materially relevant and they
have been set out in paras 9, 10, 11, 12 and 13(1), (3) and (4) of the Re-
Amended Statement of Claim.

When I sought clarification on this, he said that the plaintiff would only be
“targeting” the sale of $1,268,983 worth of goods by the Company to Axum. That
is set out in para 13(3) of the Re-Amended Statement of Claim in the following
terms:

The 1st and 2nd Defendants together with the 3rd Defendant, incorporated on or
about 4.6.2001 a company called Axum Marketing Pte Ltd (Axum) and caused the
subject Company to transfer goods bought from the Plaintiff to the said Axum
for the purported value of $1,268,983.02. No payments have been made by this
Company to the said subject Company.

8 From the evidence, it is clear that the Company had a long course of
dealings with David Chan Chon Tuck (“Chan”) and (from October 1994) Niklex,
which was at all times represented by Chan. It is common ground that:

(a) “There was a great deal of trust” between the first and second defendants
and Chan;

(b) During this period of ten years, the Company made regular periodic
payments on a running account although invoices were given between three and
24 months after deliveries;

(d) In all, the Company paid the plaintiff more than $5.2m during this ten-
year period;

(d) Chan/Niklex gave the Company generous credit terms. (Although Chan
initially denied this, he did concede that the Company was given credit of
$0.5m);

(e) From 1994, Chan had access to the Company’s profit and loss account and
balance sheet to determine his share of profits as a _de facto_ shareholder as
to 50% of the Company’s shares. (However, he said vouchers, invoices and bank
statements for the period 1992 to 1998 had not been given to him.)

9 The first defendant’s affidavit of evidence-in-chief gave a fairly detailed
account of the deterioration in the relationship between Chan and the first
and second defendants from 1998 onwards. In brief:

(a) Chan demanded an increase of his share in the Company to 60% to which the
first and second defendants reluctantly agreed;

(b) Chan regularly inspected the accounts books in the company’s office and
took the Company’s payment vouchers and GST quarterly submissions for review;

(c) He queried the Company’s expenses, what the Company purchased and the
sources of supply;

(d) The first and second defendants complained of uncompetitive prices and
unreliable delivery of goods;

(e) Chan, by deception, caused the Company to give up, in favour of the
plaintiff, the distribution of Preciosa Crystal figurines to certain
department stores;

(f) The first and second defendants feared that Chan’s agenda was ultimately
to take away their business by supplying directly to the department stores,
the Preciosa Crystal incident being merely a precursor;

(g) The first and second defendants realised that if they continued to buy
from Chan they would not be able to compete in the market. (Since 1997, with
major political changes in Czechoslovakia and the privatisation of the Czech
factories, any large buyer could buy Bohemia crystalware from factories in the
Czech and Slovak Republics at better prices than before. Bohemia crystalware
prices fell steadily until 2002 at the earliest);

(h) Chan insisted nevertheless that they should continue to buy from the
plaintiff and that they could gradually pay him for the goods supplied
earlier;

(i) In 1999, when the Company owed the plaintiff about $1.5m, Chan demanded an
increase of his stake in the Company to 70% and also asked for a salary. After
much negotiation, the parties agreed to the increase to 70% but without a
salary for Chan.

10 Then followed the meeting(s) around February 2000 between Chan and the
first and second defendants. Chan recalled two meetings (one at McDonald’s at
Kallang Place and the other at Cuppage Centre) whereas the first and second
defendants recalled only the meeting at Cuppage Centre. Their recollection of
what transpired at the meeting(s) also differed in one particular, _viz_ , how
the outstandings owed to the plaintiff were to be repaid. Whereas the first
and second defendants asserted that it was agreed with Chan that the Company
would repay by instalments spread over three years, Chan insisted that he had
not agreed. (In his letters of 31 January 2001 and 31 March 2001 to the
Company, apart from denying that he had agreed to accept instalment payments,
he called upon the Company to make payment of the amounts outstanding.) What
is clear though is that the Company made 14 instalment payments aggregating
$720,000 from April 2000 to July 2001. According to the first and second
defendants, they stopped paying thereafter because (a) there was a dispute as
to the amount outstanding; and (b) Chan insisted that he had not agreed to
payment by instalments.

11 It is also not in dispute that:

(a) During the discussion at Cuppage Centre, the first and second defendants
proposed to Chan that they be allowed to cancel the December 1999 order and
also to return all unsold stock previously bought from the plaintiff if the
plaintiff wanted the Company to run down the outstanding debts; and

(b) This was rejected by Chan.

This December 1999 order turned out to be the last purchase order that the
Company made and the goods ordered were delivered sometime in February or
March 2000 (or, as the second defendant recalled in his evidence, in March and
April 2000).

**Fraudulent trading**

12 Section 340(1) of the Act provides as follows:

If, in the course of the winding up of a company or in any proceedings against
a company, it appears that any business of the company has been carried on
with intent to defraud creditors of the company or creditors of any other
person or for any fraudulent purpose, the Court, on the application of the
liquidator or any creditor or contributory of the company, may, if it thinks
proper to do so, declare that any person who was knowingly a party to the
carrying on of the business in that manner shall be personally responsible,
without any limitation of liability, for all or any of the debts or other
liabilities of the company as the Court directs.

In order to succeed under this section, the plaintiff will need to prove two
elements, _viz_ :

(a) that the business of the Company has been carried on with intent to
defraud the creditors of the Company or of any other person or for any
fraudulent purpose; and

(b) that the defendants were knowingly parties to the carrying on of the
business in that manner.

“Defraud” and “fraudulent purpose” connote “actual dishonesty involving,
according to current notions of fair trading among commercial men, real moral
blame”: see _In re Patrick and Lyon, Limited_ [1933] Ch 786 at 790.

13 In _Welham v Director of Public Prosecutions_ (“ _Welham_ ’s case”) [1961]
AC 103 at 123, Lord Radcliffe said:

Now, I think that there are one or two things that can be said with confidence
about the meaning of this word “defraud”. It requires a person as its object:
that is, defrauding involves doing something to someone. Although in the
nature of things it is almost invariably associated with the obtaining of an
advantage for the person who commits the fraud, it is the effect upon the
person who is the object of the fraud that ultimately determines its meaning.

Elaborating on this, he approved that part of Buckley J’s _dicta_ in _In re
London and Globe Finance Corporation, Limited_ [1903] 1 Ch 728 at 733 where
the learned judge said “to deceive is by falsehood to induce a state of mind;
to defraud is by deceit to induce a course of action”. In the same vein, Lord
Denning in _Welham_ ’s case at 133 said:

“To deceive” here conveys the element of deceit, which induces a state of
mind, without the element of fraud, which induces a course of action or
inaction.

Thus, in _R v Grantham_ [1984] QB 675 at 683, Lord Lane CJ, in upholding a
conviction for fraudulent trading, had this to say:

In the present case it was open to the jury to find, if not inevitable that
they would find, that whoever was running this business was intending to
deceive or was actually deceiving [the supplier] into believing that he would
be paid in 28 days or shortly thereafter, when they knew perfectly well that
there was no hope of that coming about. _He was plainly induced thereby to
deliver further potatoes on credit_. The potential or inevitable detriment to
him is obvious. [emphasis added]

14 The mere preference of one creditor over another will not suffice. Thus in
_In re Sarflax Ltd_ [1979] Ch 592, the directors of a company who knew or had
reason to suspect that the company would not be able to pay all creditors in
full, did not have an “intention to defraud” merely by their preference of one
creditor over another. The facts of the case are of some interest and I take
the liberty of adopting the summary thereof in the headnotes:

In 1966 the company entered into a contract governed by the law of Italy, to
supply to an Italian company, SAFE, a particular type of press. When delivered
the press did not work satisfactorily, and a dispute arose between the
parties. In October 1970 SAFE started proceedings in the Queen’s Bench
Division claiming some £80,000 damages, but these proceedings were allowed to
lapse after the company had entered an appearance under protest and the
question of jurisdiction was not determined. In October 1971 SAFE commenced
proceedings for damages in the Italian courts at Turin. The company took no
part in these proceedings and judgment was entered against it in November 1973
in the sum of 120,465,690 lire, ie, about £86,000. In the meantime, the
company, pursuant to a resolution passed in January 1971, had ceased to trade
as from the close of business on April 30, 1971. The company was a wholly
owned subsidiary of F Ltd to which it had become substantially indebted. When
the company ceased trading its fixed assets, stock-in-trade and work in
progress were sold to F Ltd at book value, the price paid by F Ltd being set
off against the company’s indebtedness to F Ltd. There was no suggestion that
the price paid was other than a proper one or that the company’s indebtedness
to the parent company was otherwise than bona fide incurred in the course of
trade. Over the next two years the remaining assets of the company were got in
and applied in discharging the company’s established debts, but without taking
account of the pending claim by SAFE. On September 23, 1973, a resolution was
passed for a voluntary winding up and the applicant was appointed liquidator.
After receipt of the judgment of the Italian court, the liquidator admitted
SAFE’s proof of debt in the liquidation.

By a summons, dated November 12, 1975, under section 332(1) of the Companies
Act 1948 the liquidator sought a declaration that from January 13, 1971, to
September 7, 1973, business had been carried on with intent to defraud
creditors and in particular SAFE in that F Ltd, well knowing that the company
was unable to pay its debts in full caused the assets of the company to be
distributed amongst creditors other than SAFE to the intent that such
creditors should be preferred to SAFE. Two persons who were formerly directors
and principal shareholders both of the company and of F Ltd were made
respondents to the summons.

It was held, _inter alia_ , that when the only allegation was the bare fact of
preferring one creditor over another, it was impossible to hold that such
preference _per se_ constituted fraud within the meaning of s 332 of the UK
Companies Act 1948 (c 38) (the progenitor of s 340(1) of our Companies Act).
Counsel for the liquidator had argued that whatever might be the position
regarding other creditors, the preference of the debt due to the parent was on
a different footing. Oliver J, however, held that the preference of the parent
was no different from the preference which occurred in _In re Lloyd’s
Furniture Palace, Limited_ [1925] Ch 853 where the preferred creditor was
himself a director and shareholder and indeed the promoter of the company.
(Nevertheless, Oliver J did leave open the question whether there might be
circumstances of a very peculiar nature involving preferential payments from
which the intention required by s 332 could be inferred.)

15 Coming now to the present case, what are the facts which could point to an
intention to defraud? Over the years the Company had purchased goods from the
plaintiff on a running account under which credit was given to the Company.
The last purchase order was in December 1999. The first and second defendants
had tried to cancel the purchase order but Chan had refused to allow it.
Neither did he accept their offer to return goods so as to reduce the
outstanding amount owed to the plaintiff. Up to the time of delivery of the
goods purchased under the last purchase order, the Company had remained
solvent if only because the plaintiff allowed the running account to continue.

16 Although Chan had alleged in his affidavit of evidence-in-chief that the
Company had been insolvent since 1999, he conceded under cross-examination
that the Company was not insolvent for the financial years ending 31 March
1998, 1999 and 2000 as there was an excess of assets over liabilities in
respect of each of the years. He further agreed that Niklex was practically
the sole creditor and that, if at anytime during the three years Niklex had
demanded payment in full, the Company would not have been able to pay
promptly. Nevertheless, until such time that the plaintiff made a demand for
the moneys owing and the Company failed to pay, it could not be said that the
Company was insolvent: _Re Great Eastern Hotel (Pte) Ltd_ [1988] SLR 841.

17 There is no evidence to suggest that at the time they obtained goods from
the plaintiff, the first and second defendants had any intention that the
plaintiff should not be paid or that they had no reasonable expectation of
eventually being able to pay for the goods. Any suggestion of dishonesty is
immediately and effectively met with the riposte that the first and second
defendants had offered to cancel their last purchase order and to return to
the plaintiff goods as yet unsold which they had previously bought from the
plaintiff. Besides, over the years, they had paid the plaintiff more than
$5.2m for the goods they had purchased. Even after the parting of ways
following the Cuppage Centre meeting in February 2000, they had paid $720,000
to the plaintiff by instalments stretching from April 2000 to July 2001. It
also emerged that some of the money with which the Company paid the
instalments came from loans made to the Company by the defendants. Whether or
not one believes their reasons for discontinuing payment thereafter (and I
should add that I did not find the reasons convincing), the fact remains that
there is no evidence to justify a finding of intent to defraud when the
Company obtained goods from the plaintiff.

18 I move on to events after the parting of ways following the Cuppage Centre
meeting. The plaintiff alleged, though not in so many words, that:

(a) with intent to defraud the plaintiff, the first and second defendants
wrongfully transferred to Axum the Company’s assets in order to put them out
of reach of the plaintiff; and

(b) the third defendant conspired with and aided and abetted the first and
second defendants in the wrongdoing.

19 Axum was bought as a shelf company by the defendants in June 2001 and
started trading in July 2001. The first and second defendants explained that
the setting up of Amrae International and Axum was a way of resolving
differences that had arisen between the first and second defendants as to the
running of the Company. The solution found was that although they (together
with the third defendant) would be shareholders and directors in the two
companies, the first defendant would be responsible for the running of Amrae
International (which would concentrate on the export market) while the second
defendant would run Axum (which would concentrate on the domestic market).
Under cross-examination, the first defendant also offered this explanation
when he was asked why it was necessary to form Axum:

We had a sort of “partnership” with David Chan and Niklex had asked for full
payment from Amrae. So we felt that he would wind up Amrae. In order to
survive and also to meet all our obligations, we would have to have another
vehicle to trade.

20 Although the second defendant did not agree with the first defendant that
they were afraid the plaintiff would wind up the Company, he confirmed that a
new vehicle was needed to obtain goods from new suppliers at cheaper prices
and thereby earn better profits from which they would be able to pay off all
debts eventually.

21 Between July 2001 and June 2002, the Company sold Axum goods worth
$1,268,983.02 on credit under a running account. Both the first and second
defendants denied that the goods of the Company were moved out to Axum in
order to defeat the plaintiff’s claims and insisted that Axum bought the goods
at arm’s length prices. In para 20 of his affidavit of evidence-in-chief, the
second defendant stated that 99% of the goods that Axum bought from the
Company were at prices at least 10% higher than what the Company paid for
them. This was not challenged by the plaintiff. The Company gave Axum credit
notes in the amount of $114,246.73 for goods returned to the Company. Axum
paid a total of $713,831.38 to the Company.

22 Therefore the plaintiff’s allegation that the goods were sold by the
Company to Axum for no payment was untrue. It is true though that none of the
$712,831.38 received by the Company was paid over to the plaintiff. This,
despite the second defendant’s evidence that in setting up Axum, the first and
second defendants were intending to pay off the outstandings owed to the
plaintiff. What happened to the money then? In answer to this question by Mr
Suppiah, the first defendant answered:

There were a lot of moneys loaned to Amrae by Concept Gifts, second defendant,
third defendant and myself. We took money out from Amrae to invest in Axum
(actually loaned to Axum) so that we could trade profitably and thereby repay
plaintiff.

23 The Company could have used the money to keep up instalment payments to the
plaintiff but did not. I am not persuaded by the first and second defendants’
reasons for stopping the instalment payments. In my view, at the time these
repayments of loans were made, the Company was already insolvent, the
plaintiff’s demand of 31 January 2001 not having been met. A case could well
be made out for saying that in making these and other payments (such as the
payment of directors’ fees accrued from previous years) the company was
unfairly preferring the defendants over the plaintiff. In many instances, as
shown in the defendants’ document marked “DD-3”, moneys paid by the Company to
the defendants were channelled (by way of loan or otherwise) into Axum which
then paid the moneys the same day, or shortly thereafter, over to the Company
to run down the outstandings owed by Axum to the Company. The moneys simply
went one full circle. However strongly suggestive of unfair preference they
may be, the facts are insufficient, in my view, to warrant a finding that the
defendants are liable for fraudulent trading under s 340(1). Harking back to
the judicial pronouncements in _Welham’s_ case ([13] _supra_) as to the
meaning of “defraud”, it is difficult to see what course of action or inaction
on the plaintiff’s part such preference was intended to induce.

24 There was nothing in the evidence to bring this case within the penumbral
region alluded to by Oliver J in _In re Sarflax Ltd_ ([14] _supra_), where
preference in very peculiar circumstances might permit an inference of an
intention to defraud.

25 Similarly, Chan’s allegation that the first and second defendants conspired
with the third defendant was not made out. No evidence of any conspiratorial
agreement or arrangement was adduced. It was held in _Seagate Technology Pte
Ltd v Goh Han Kim_ [1995] 1 SLR 17 that the essence of a conspiracy is an
agreement and that there has to be proof of the existence of an agreement or,
at least, an arrangement between the alleged conspirators to defraud. It was
further held that a high degree of proof is required. In the present case,
there was nothing more than a bare allegation. This will not suffice.

26 At this juncture I should add a few remarks regarding the expert evidence
of Lau Kau Chin. I regret to say that I found his evidence to be of no
assistance to the court. His affidavit of evidence-in-chief of 17 May 2004 and
supplementary affidavit of evidence-in-chief of 29 August 2004 did not comply
with O 40A r 3 of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed). No written
report was furnished and, accordingly, there was no statement that he
understood that in giving his report, his duty was to the court and that he
complied with that duty. Indeed, it seemed clear to me that his affidavit of
evidence-in-chief of 17 May 2004 was little more than a regurgitation of the
plaintiff’s case. Paragraph after paragraph of the expert’s affidavit of
evidence-in-chief merely repeated the averments of the plaintiff in the
statement of claim. Although a “corrective affidavit” was later sworn on 30
August 2003 seeking to remedy the omission of the said statement prescribed by
O 40A r 3(2)(h), this did nothing to allay the court’s fears. His evidence
being so obviously partisan, no later affidavit could cure the defect.

27 Accordingly, _albeit_ with some regret, I dismiss the plaintiff’s claim. It
is still open to the plaintiff to request the Official Receiver (or any other
liquidator appointed in his stead) to consider instituting proceedings against
any creditors who may have been unfairly preferred for the recovery of moneys
paid by the Company. I am unable to say more as the question whether or not
there had been unfair preference was not before me.

28 I will hear the parties on costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 27 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

