Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Annis bin Abdullah v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGHC 52

Case Number | : | MA 208/2003, CM 3/2004, Cr Rev 6/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 March 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  S S Dhillon and Terence Hua (Dhillon Dendroff and Partners) for appellant; Khoo Oon Soo and Seah Kim Ming Glenn (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Annis bin Abdullah — Public Prosecutor   
  
Courts and Jurisdiction – High court – Judges – Power – Statement of facts –
Whether High Court has power to amend – Section 256 Criminal Procedure Code
(Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Unnatural offences – Carnal intercourse against the
order of nature by engaging in fellatio – Section 377 Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Adducing fresh evidence –
Governing principles – Whether conditions of non-availability, relevance and
reliability satisfied  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Charge – Alteration – Powers of High Court
to amend charge and to convict accused on amended charge – Section 256
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mitigation – Plea of guilt – Whether
protection of public an exception to general rule that plea of guilt will
entitle accused to discount of sentence – Whether plea of guilt should be
accorded mitigating weight  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mitigation – Whether hardship caused to
accused's family as result of imprisonment a mitigating factor  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Mitigation – Whether sexual promiscuity of
young victim relevant in sentencing – Section 377 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Benchmark sentences –
Ordinary sexual intercourse offences and those involving unnatural sexual
intercourse by way of fellatio – Whether disparity between sentences imposed
in respect of each of these offences overly large – Section 377 Penal Code
(Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), s 140(1)(i) Women's Charter (Cap 357, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Whether
deterrent sentence should be imposed where initial contact between sex
offender and victim is via the Internet  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Whether
deterrent sentence should be imposed where police officer commits offence
outside scope of his official duties  
  

5 March 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The appellant pleaded guilty before District Judge Wong Keen Onn in the
District Court to one charge of having carnal intercourse against the order of
nature under s 377 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed), and was sentenced
to 24 months’ imprisonment.

2 The charge against the appellant is set out below:

You, Annis bin Abdullah, Male/27 years old, NRIC No. S/7616484/C, are charged
that you, on or about the 23rd day of April 2002, at about 10.00pm, at Chinese
Garden Road, Singapore, had carnal intercourse against the order of nature
with [the victim], female 16 years old, DOB 16 April 1986, to wit, by engaging
in the act of fellatio with [the victim] and you have thereby committed an
offence under section 377 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

3 The statement of facts presented by the Prosecution also stated that the
victim was 16 years old at the time of the offence.

4 After the appellant was sentenced, it was discovered that the victim was
only 15 years old at the time of the offence and that the Prosecution had made
an error when preparing the charge and the statement of facts. The Public
Prosecutor brought an application for criminal revision pursuant to s 268 of
the Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”), seeking an
amendment of the charge and of the statement of facts to reflect the true age
of the victim at the time of the offence.

5 The appellant appealed against his sentence on the ground that it was
manifestly excessive. He also filed a motion for leave to adduce fresh
evidence at the hearing of his appeal.

6 I heard the appeal, the motion and the petition for criminal revision on 17
February 2004. At the end of the hearing before me, I granted the petition for
criminal revision. I dismissed the motion and allowed the appeal against
sentence. I now give my reasons.

**Background facts**

7 In March 2002, the appellant met the victim online in an Internet Relay Chat
(“IRC”) chatroom. They subsequently met at a barbecue gathering hosted by a
mutual friend for Internet enthusiasts. After this meeting, the appellant and
the victim kept in touch by way of telephone and IRC chatroom conversations.
The victim later initiated a date with the appellant.

8 This date took place on 23 April 2002. At about 9.30pm that day, the
appellant met the victim at the Jurong Entertainment Centre and the victim
suggested that they go for a drive in the appellant’s car. The appellant drove
to Chinese Garden Road and parked his car there. The appellant and the victim
remained in the car and they eventually became intimate. The appellant asked
the victim whether she wanted to have sexual intercourse with him, but she
indicated that she did not wish to do so. The accused then asked the victim to
fellate him and she agreed. She performed fellatio until the appellant
ejaculated and the appellant then drove her home.

9 The appellant and the victim did not meet again. The victim was later
encouraged by friends to make a police report about this incident and a police
report was lodged on 1 May 2002.

10 The appellant was 25 years old at the time of the offence. He was a police
sergeant attached to the Police Coast Guard.

**The decision below**

11 The district judge noted that the Court of Appeal had established in _PP v
Kwan Kwong Weng_ [1997] 1 SLR 697 that fellatio performed as a substitute for
natural sexual intercourse constituted an offence under s 377 of the Penal
Code. The district judge noted that the appellant had admitted to all the
essential ingredients of the offence and convicted him accordingly.

12 In sentencing the appellant, the district judge noted that the appellant
had sought out the teenage victim _via_ the Internet to satisfy his lustful
desires. In addition, the district judge was of the view that there were
several aggravating factors present in this case, including the following:

(a) The appellant was a mature adult some ten years older than the victim;

(b) The victim was a teenager attending secondary school;

(c) The appellant had used the Internet as a medium to meet the victim and to
engage in a criminal act which contributed to the victim’s moral corruption;
and

(d) The appellant was a serving police sergeant in the Singapore Police Force
when he committed the offence.

13 The district judge also took into account a number of mitigating
circumstances in the appellant’s favour. The district judge noted that the
appellant was a first offender and had pleaded guilty at the first
opportunity. The district judge also noted that the appellant did not use
trickery or force to coerce the victim into performing the act of fellatio.

14 On balance, the district judge was of the view that the aggravating factors
in the present case outweighed the mitigating factors such that a substantial
custodial sentence was justified. In light of this, the district judge imposed
a sentence of 24 months’ imprisonment on the appellant.

**The petition for criminal revision**

15 I now turn to the Public Prosecutor’s petition for criminal revision.

**_Principles of revision_**

16 The revisionary powers of the High Court are conferred by s 23 of the
Supreme Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) and s 268 of the CPC.
Section 268 of the CPC provides that the High Court may, in an application for
criminal revision, exercise, _inter alia_ , its powers under s 256 of the CPC.

17 Section 256 provides, _inter alia_ , that:

At the hearing of the appeal the court may, if it considers there is no
sufficient ground for interfering, dismiss the appeal or may —

(a) …

(b) in an appeal from a conviction —

(i) reverse the finding and sentence and acquit or discharge the accused or
order him to be retried by a court of competent jurisdiction or committed for
trial;

(ii) alter the finding, maintaining the sentence, or, with or without altering
the finding, reduce or enhance the sentence; or

(iii) with or without the reduction or enhancement and with or without
altering the finding, alter the nature of the sentence;

(c) …

(d) …

**_Whether the High Court’s revisionary powers include the power to amend the
charge and the statement of facts_**

18 It is established law that the High Court’s powers under s 256(b) of the
CPC include the power to amend a charge and consequently convict an accused
person on the amended charge: _Garmaz s/o Pakhar v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 401. The
Court of Appeal noted in _Garmaz_ , however, that such power is not unlimited
and has to be exercised with great caution and not to the prejudice of the
accused. The Court of Appeal further held that the test laid down by Cussen J
in _Ng Ee v PP_ [1941] 1 MLJ 180 was applicable in this regard. In _Ng Ee v
PP_ , Cussen J stated at 181 that the power to amend a charge on appeal was:

… a power to be exercised with great caution, and only where it is clear
beyond all doubt, from the nature of the offence and the record of evidence in
the case, that to do so can in no way prejudice the case of the accused; it
must be clear that … the proceedings at the trial would have taken the same
course, and the evidence recorded been the same – that the [Prosecution’s]
evidence would have been unchanged (substantially) and the accused’s defence
the same.

19 In _PP v Koon Seng Construction Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 573 at 579, [21], I
stated, in the context of the court’s revisionary powers to amend a charge to
which the accused person had pleaded guilty, that:

The power of amendment is clearly not unfettered. It should be exercised
sparingly, subject to careful observance of the safeguards against prejudice
to the defence … The court must be satisfied that the proceedings below would
have taken the same course, and the evidence recorded would have been the
same. The primary consideration is that the amendment will not cause any
injustice, or affect the presentation of the evidence, in particular, the
accused’s defence. These safeguards must be rigorously observed.

20 I should highlight here that the Public Prosecutor was applying to amend
not only the charge, but also the statement of facts. Thus, the issue before
me was whether the High Court’s powers under s 256(b) of the CPC include the
power to amend the statement of facts.

21 I was of the view that the High Court’s powers under s 256(b) of the CPC
were sufficiently broad to encompass the power to amend the statement of
facts. In _Garmaz_ , the Court of Appeal took pains to reject a strict and
literal construction of s 256(b) of the CPC, holding at [28] that:

[S]uch a construction would lead to incongruous results: on the one hand the
court by that section is given extensive powers in respect of conviction,
sentence and findings, and yet on the other it has no power to amend the
charge, and the consequence of this is that it has no power even to correct
any errors appearing in the charge. Such a position is untenable. Further, the
High Court has the revisionary powers under ss 266–268 of the CPC. In view of
these extensive express powers, _it is inconceivable that it was the intention
of the legislature that the High Court, in the exercise of its appellate
jurisdiction, should not have the power to amend the charge preferred against
the accused and set the record straight. A more purposive construction should
in our view be adopted._

[emphasis added]

22 While I noted that the question that was before the Court of Appeal in
_Garmaz_ related to the charge preferred against the accused, and not the
statement of facts, I was of the view that a purposive construction of s
256(b) of the CPC should be adopted. This is because, following the Court of
Appeal’s decision in _Mok Swee Kok v PP_ [1994] 3 SLR 140, it is clear that
the court has a legal duty to record a statement of facts and to scrutinise it
to ensure that all the elements of the charge are made out therein. In light
of this, I did not feel that the drafters of the CPC could have intended that
the court should not have the power to amend the statement of facts. I was of
the view that it must have been the legislature’s intention that the court
should have such a power so that it is able to accurately record the relevant
facts which must be taken into account when determining sentence.

23 For the avoidance of doubt, I should state that an amendment to the
statement of facts should only be made where the safeguards set out in _Koon
Seng Construction_ and _Ng Ee_ are observed.

**_Whether the High Court’s revisionary powers should be exercised in the
present criminal revision_**

24 It is established law that the High Court’s powers of revision must be
exercised sparingly. The principles governing revision were laid down in _Ang
Poh Chuan v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 326, where it was held at 330, [17] that:

[V]arious phrases may be used to identify the circumstances which would
attract the exercise of the revisionary jurisdiction, but they all share the
common denominator that there must be some serious injustice. Of course there
cannot be a precise definition of what would constitute such serious injustice
for that would in any event unduly circumscribe what must be a wide discretion
vested in the court, the exercise of which would depend largely on the
particular facts. But generally it must be shown that there is something
palpably wrong in the decision that strikes at its basis as an exercise of
judicial power by the court below.

25 In respect of a conviction under s 377 of the Penal Code, the age of the
victim is irrelevant as an offence is made out regardless of the victim’s age.
The victim’s age is, however, a critical factor which the court must take into
account for the purposes of sentencing. In this regard, the Public Prosecutor
submitted that public policy necessitated that underage victims, _ie_ those
below the age of 16 years, must be protected from sexual predators. I was of
the view that the relative difference in age between the victim and the
accused, as well as the victim’s actual age, were both critical and relevant
to the court’s assessment of sentence.

26 I have stated on many occasions that there is no clear-cut test of what
constitutes “serious injustice”: see, for example, _Ng Kim Han v PP_ [2001] 2
SLR 293 at [10]. However, on the present facts, there was little doubt that
serious injustice would be caused if the appellant were to be sentenced on the
basis that the victim was 16 years old, as stated in the charge and the
statement of facts as initially drafted. This is because the age of the victim
is a significant factor in sentencing under s 377 of the Penal Code,
particularly where the victim’s consent is presented to the court as a
mitigating factor, as was the case here. I was of the view that the fact that
the victim in the present case was below the age of 16 years was highly
significant as the clear policy of Parliament has been to criminalise sexual
activity involving girls below the age of 16 years. Section 140(1)(i) of the
Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997 Rev Ed), for example, makes it an offence to
have carnal connection with any girl below the age of 16 years except by way
of marriage. An offence is made out under s 140(1)(i) of the Women’s Charter
regardless of whether the victim consented to the act of carnal connection, on
the basis that girls below the age of 16 years are incapable of legally
consenting to sexual activity: _Tay Kim Kuan v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 567 at [13].

27 I was of the view that the misunderstanding as to the victim’s true age
would indeed suggest that there was something “palpably wrong” in the district
judge’s assessment of sentence. I have previously held that the High Court’s
revisionary powers exist to facilitate its supervisory and superintending
jurisdiction over criminal proceedings before a subordinate court so as to
correct a miscarriage of justice arising from the correctness, legality or
propriety of any finding, sentence or order recorded or passed: _Koh Thian
Huat v PP_ [2002] 3 SLR 28 at [16].

28 I was therefore of the view that the present circumstances clearly
justified the exercise of the High Court’s revisionary powers and I ordered
that the charge and the statement of facts be amended to reflect that the
victim was 15 years old at the time of the offence.

**The motion to adduce additional evidence**

29 Before addressing the appellant’s appeal against sentence proper, I turn
now to consider the appellant’s motion to adduce additional evidence at the
hearing of the appeal. The appellant asserted that the fresh evidence would
show that the district judge erred in imposing a deterrent sentence on the
appellant.

30 In support of this contention, the appellant filed an affidavit which
purportedly showed the following:

(a) The appellant did not get acquainted with the victim through the Internet;

(b) It was the victim who first initiated contact with the appellant a month
after they had met at the barbecue function; and

(c) The victim had obtained the appellant’s mobile phone number from a mutual
friend and the appellant had only met up with the victim after she had called
him several times.

31 The relevant principles governing the court’s grant of leave to adduce
additional evidence on appeal are found in _Juma’at bin Samad v PP_ [1993] 3
SLR 338, where I applied the test set out by Denning LJ in _Ladd v Marshall_
[1954] 3 All ER 745. The _Ladd v Marshall_ test requires that all of the
following three conditions are satisfied before the reception of fresh
evidence can be justified:

(a) Non-availability: it must be shown that the evidence could not have been
obtained with reasonable diligence for use at the trial;

(b) Relevance: the evidence must be such that, if given at trial, it would
probably have an important influence on the result of the case, although it
need not be decisive; and

(c) Reliability: the evidence must be such as is presumably to be believed or
in other words, it must be apparently credible, although it need not be
incontrovertible.

32 _Juma’at_ is therefore clear authority for the proposition that an
application to introduce fresh evidence will only be allowed in extremely
limited circumstances and only where the evidence is relevant, reliable and
was not available at trial.

33 I was of the view that the appellant’s application to introduce the fresh
evidence should not be allowed as it did not satisfy the _Ladd v Marshall_
test adopted in _Juma’at_.

34 The appellant asserted in his affidavit that an “in depth detailed complex
analysis” of his computer would reveal that he did not get acquainted with the
victim through the Internet or though the IRC chatroom. However, this was a
bare assertion and the appellant made no attempt to conduct such an analysis
of his computer or to explain why the analysis would indicate that he did not
meet the victim _via_ the Internet. There was thus no question that the third
condition of reliability was not satisfied. In fact, the reliability of this
evidence was all the more suspect when I took into account the appellant’s
statement in his affidavit that his computer was “totally non-functional” when
it was returned after investigations by the police.

35 On a separate note, I was rather puzzled that the appellant was seeking to
assert that he did not meet the victim through the Internet or the IRC
chatroom as this was wholly contrary to what was stated in the statement of
facts to which he had admitted without qualification. The statement of facts
provided, _inter alia_ , that:

Investigations disclosed that in March 2002, the complainant got to know the
accused in the Internet Relay Chat (IRC) chatroom. Subsequently, they met at a
barbecue function which was organised by a mutual friend at Pasir Ris. After
their first meeting, the complainant and the accused kept in touch through the
telephone and chatroom.

36 Similarly unreliable was the appellant’s assertion that one “Yusnam”, a
mutual friend of the victim and the appellant, could confirm that it was the
victim who had initiated contact with the appellant after she had seen him at
the barbecue function. An affidavit from Yusnam was not filed. The appellant
stated that Yusnam was not contactable when the appellant was sentenced below,
but this did not explain why an affidavit from Yusnam had not been provided in
support of the appellant’s motion.

37 Finally, the appellant appended the call tracing records of the mobile
phone he had been using from February to April 2002. These records were
appended to show that the appellant only met up with the victim after she had
called him four times. This evidence was clearly available at the time of the
trial as the appellant could have obtained the call tracing records from his
mobile phone service provider then. The appellant asserted that he did not
know, at the time he was sentenced, that the call tracing records would assist
his case as he had forgotten the victim’s telephone number. The appellant
alleged that his wife had come up with the idea to find the victim’s telephone
number using her father’s name only _after_ the appellant was sentenced. There
was little doubt that this additional evidence would have been available for
production at trial had reasonable diligence been exercised by the appellant.
The condition of non-availability was therefore not satisfied.

38 Further, in respect of the call tracing records, the condition of relevance
was also not met. In my view, it was highly unlikely that a finding that the
victim had indeed called the appellant before the offence would have affected
the district judge’s decision to impose a deterrent sentence. The principal
factors relied upon by the district judge in imposing a deterrent sentence
were that the appellant, who was a police officer some ten years older than
the victim, had used the Internet as a means to meet the victim and that this
meeting subsequently led to unnatural sexual intercourse. Evidence that the
victim had called the appellant before the offence was committed would not be
inconsistent with these factors. Indeed, the district judge’s observation that
the appellant had “actively procured and participated in the commission of the
offence” would remain valid even if it could be shown that the victim had
called the appellant before the offence was committed, since the undisputed
facts are that the appellant had brought the victim to Chinese Garden Road and
asked for sex in his car. When she declined, he asked the victim to fellate
him instead.

39 I therefore dismissed the appellant’s motion.

**The appeal against sentence**

40 I now turn to the appeal against sentence. The appellant appealed against
his sentence on the grounds that it was manifestly excessive.

41 In support of this contention, the appellant submitted that the district
judge failed to give sufficient weight to the following mitigating factors:

(a) The act of fellatio was consensual and the appellant did not use trickery
or force to coerce the victim into fellating him;

(b) The appellant is a first offender;

(c) The appellant pleaded guilty at the first opportunity and co-operated with
the authorities; and

(d) There were exceptional ill-effects on the appellant’s personal and family
circumstances.

42 The appellant made further contentions relating to the aggravating factors
relied on by the district judge. Specifically, the appellant contended that
the district judge had erred in finding that the appellant had sought the
victim _via_ the Internet with a view to satisfying his lustful desires. The
appellant also argued that the district judge erred in placing too much weight
on the fact that the appellant’s actions led to the moral corruption of the
victim. The appellant contended that the district judge had erred in finding
that a deterrent sentence was warranted on the present facts as the appellant
had committed the offence outside the scope of his duties as a police officer.

43 Finally, the appellant submitted that the sentence imposed on the appellant
by the district judge was not in line with the sentences imposed in other
similar cases.

44 I shall now consider these contentions in turn.

**_Whether the district judge failed to give sufficient weight to mitigating
factors_**

_The act of fellatio was consensual and the appellant did not use trickery or
force to coerce the victim into fellating him_

45 The appellant submitted that the district judge had failed to accord any
mitigating weight to the fact that the victim had consented to the act of
fellatio. In support of his contention that consent is a relevant factor which
should have been taken into account in sentencing, the appellant cited pp 318
to 320 of the _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ (2nd Ed, 2003).
At 319, it is stated that:

Apart from making a distinction in sentencing on the basis of the form of the
unnatural carnal intercourse, the other relevant facts would be consent or the
lack thereof and the age of the victim. There are three broad categories: (1)
between consenting adults, (2) between non-consenting adults and (3) those
committed on young children.

Offences between consenting adults would be viewed the least serious. …

As for ‘non-consenting’ adults, they can expect a substantial term of
imprisonment. …

Where the victims are young, the principles of deterrence and the need to
express society’s revulsion would dictate a lengthy custodial sentence.

46 The appellant argued that the present case should fall under the
“consenting adults” category, as “young victims” are children below 14 years
old. The appellant submitted that the Court of Appeal’s judgment in _Lim Hock
Hin Kelvin v PP_ [1998] 1 SLR 801 would support this position.

47 I was of the view that this submission was entirely without merit. The
Court of Appeal in _Lim Hock Hin Kelvin_ did not suggest, or even vaguely
imply, that the court regards only victims under the age of 14 years as “young
victims” whose consent is disregarded for the purposes of sentencing under s
377 of the Penal Code.

48 In _Lim Hock Hin Kelvin_ at [20], the Court of Appeal observed, _inter
alia_ , that:

[T]he starting position must be that where the victims are vulnerable
children, the offence becomes much more serious and the punishment meted on
such offenders has to reflect the gravity of the offence. The punishment for
rape offences is much more serious where the victim is below 14 years and
sexual intercourse takes place without her consent. Section 376(1) Penal Code
provides that the maximum punishment for rape is imprisonment for life and the
offender will also be liable to fine or to caning. Section 376(2) goes on to
provide that the offender who commits rape by having sexual intercourse with a
girl below 14 years of age without her consent is subject to a minimum
punishment for a term of not less than eight years and shall be punished with
caning with not less than 12 strokes. Even in England, it is still an offence
to commit buggery on a boy aged below 16 years; the Wolfenden Report took the
firm view of the necessity of protection of the young, despite the fact that
it took the view that criminal law is not concerned with private morals or
ethical means.

49 There is nothing in this extract which can be construed as saying that
“vulnerable children” are those who are below 14 years of age. The age of 14
years is cited in respect of _an example_ of an instance where the legislature
has determined that children require special protection, specifically the
statutory rape provisions in ss 375 and 376 of the Penal Code. The Court of
Appeal did not say that _only_ victims below 14 years of age are “vulnerable
children” such that offences committed against them are more serious.

50 In my view, as a general guide, “young victims” should be those under 16
years of age. This would be consonant with the protection of young women under
s 140(1)(i) of the Women’s Charter which was enacted on the basis that girls
under the age of 16 are deemed to be incapable of giving valid consent to a
sexual act. I was of the view that this principle should be extended to s 377
offences, such that in cases where the victim is under the age of 16 years,
his or her consent is irrelevant for the purposes of sentencing. The
underlying principle in this regard is that young girls under the age of 16
may not have the experience or the maturity to make decisions in their own
best interests about their own sexuality and that the law must step in to
prevent their exposure to sexual activity regardless of their purported
consent.

51 The present case would fall under this category of cases and the fact that
the victim had agreed to the act of fellatio should not be accorded mitigating
weight.

_The appellant is a first offender_

52 The appellant argued that the district judge had erred in placing no
mitigatory weight on the fact that the appellant was a first offender with no
previous convictions or antecedents.

53 I saw little merit to the appellant’s argument. The district judge
explicitly stated in his grounds of decision that he had been mindful that the
appellant was a first offender.

54 In any case, the fact that the appellant was a first offender, while
relevant, must be considered alongside other factors, including any
aggravating factors against him. This was the approach I adopted in _Sim Gek
Yong v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 537 at 541, [9]:

Like any other personal factor put forward on the accused’s behalf in
mitigation, the absence of similar antecedents is something to be taken into
account by the sentencing court and weighed in the balance against other,
possibly opposing, factors. The first and foremost consideration in this
balancing process, however, must be the public interest. Any sentence imposed
must be such that it enables our criminal law not merely to punish crime
effectively but also to prevent it.

_The appellant pleaded guilty at the first opportunity and co-operated with
the authorities_

55 The appellant submitted that the appellant’s plea of guilt should have been
afforded more mitigatory weight by the district judge, particularly as the
appellant was not arrested in circumstances in which the Prosecution would
have had no difficulty in proving the charge against him. The appellant
pointed out that, had the matter gone to trial, the Prosecution would have had
to rely almost exclusively on the victim’s evidence. Thus, the appellant’s
plea of guilt saved the victim the trauma of having to testify in court and
consequently, relive her traumatic experience.

56 The Public Prosecutor was of the view that the appellant’s plea of guilt
was of limited mitigating value and _Lim Hock Hin Kelvin_ was cited in support
of this.

57 I agreed with the appellant’s submission that on the present facts, the
appellant’s plea of guilt was a significant mitigating factor which should be
accorded due weight. I noted, however, that the district judge had taken the
appellant’s plea of guilt into account during sentencing. In fact, the
district judge not only stated that he was mindful that the appellant had
pleaded guilty at the first opportunity but went on to observe that the
appellant’s plea of guilt was a “sign of genuine remorse”.

58 That said, I should add that I was unconvinced by the Public Prosecutor’s
submissions on this point. In _Lim Hock Hin Kelvin_ , I held that the
protection of the public was an established exception to the general rule that
the plea of guilt will entitle a convicted person to a discount of the
sentence. In light of this, I declined to accord much weight to the guilty
plea of the accused who had been convicted of several sex offences, including
four charges under s 377 of the Penal Code.

59 However, in my view, the “public protection” exception applied in _Lim Hock
Hin Kelvin_ and in other cases like _Fu Foo Tong v PP_ [1995] 1 SLR 448
applied with considerably less force in the present case. The accused in _Lim
Hock Hin Kelvin_ was a chronic paedophile who persistently targeted young
children and used gifts to cajole and persuade them to engage in unnatural
carnal intercourse. The offences were repeatedly committed over a period of
time. The Court of Appeal therefore took the view that, in the interests of
public protection, long-term incarceration was warranted.

60 In clear contrast, there was no evidence that the appellant in the present
appeal is a paedophile. He was a first offender and did not resort to trickery
to cajole the victim into performing the act of fellatio. Further, by pleading
guilty, the appellant had indeed spared the victim the trauma of testifying in
a contested trial. I was therefore of the view that his plea of guilt should
be accorded due weight.

_There were exceptional ill-effects on the appellant’s personal and family
circumstances_

61 The appellant submitted that his personal circumstances were very
“exceptional” and “extreme” as his father passed away in 1997, leaving the
appellant to support his aged mother and sister. He also pointed out that he
had lost his job as a result of the conviction and had been forced to “grovel
and beg” his friends and colleagues for financial assistance.

62 It is settled law that hardship caused to the appellant’s family as a
result of the imprisonment of an offender has little mitigating value: _Lai
Oei Mui Jenny v PP_ [1993] 3 SLR 305 and _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 2 SLR 523.
It is only in very exceptional or extreme circumstances that such hardship can
be regarded as a legitimate factor in mitigating the sentence. Such
circumstances were clearly absent in this case and I was utterly unconvinced
that the district judge had erred in rejecting this as a mitigating factor in
the present case.

**_Aggravating factors relied on by the district judge_**

63 I now turn to the appellant’s contentions which related to the aggravating
factors relied on by the district judge.

_Whether the district judge erred in finding that the appellant had sought the
victim via the Internet with a view to satisfying his lustful desires and
whether the appellant’s use of the Internet necessitated the imposition of a
deterrent sentence_

64 The appellant submitted that there was nothing in the statement of facts or
mitigation plea which would suggest that the appellant had sought the victim
_via_ the Internet to satisfy his carnality. The appellant submitted that the
district judge’s finding could not be substantiated and that a deterrent
sentence was not warranted on the facts of the present case.

65 I accepted the appellant’s submission that the district judge’s observation
that the appellant had “roam[ed] the internet to meet with and thereafter
morally corrupt immature adolescent girls through acts of unnatural carnal
intercourse” was an overstatement. Be that as it may, the critical issue that
was before me was whether a deterrent sentence was warranted on the present
facts.

66 The district judge held, on the basis of _Tay Kim Kuan_ ([26] _supra_),
that where an offender uses the Internet as a medium to meet teenage girls to
engage in criminal acts that corrupt their morals, that would be regarded as
an aggravating factor. I was of the view that the district judge did not err
in this regard. As I recently stated in _Rupchand Bhojwani Sunil v PP_ [2004]
SGHC 17 at [23]:

[T]he reasoning behind the deterrent sentence [in _Tay Kim Kuan_] was the
protection of the young and gullible from the perils of the Internet, in the
form of unscrupulous people who hid their true identities and remained
faceless while boldly preying on such young people.67 In _Tay Kim Kuan_ , the
accused had met the 15-year-old victim in an IRC chatroom. The victim and the
accused subsequently kept in touch by way of IRC and telephone conversations,
and later engaged in sexual intercourse.

68 The prevailing concern in the present case is the same as that in _Tay Kim
Kuan_ , which is to protect the young from the perils of the Internet and from
the possibility of the Internet being abused, directly or indirectly, to
facilitate the exploitation of young victims for sexual gratification. On the
present facts, there was a clear nexus between the initial Internet contact
and the commission of the offence, as the initial Internet contact very
quickly led to the offence.

69 The appellant sought to persuade me that the initial Internet contact was
merely a very remote link in the factual chain of events surrounding the
offence, and that much of the interaction between the appellant and the victim
had been by way of telephone conversations and in the meeting at the barbecue
gathering. He was not an unscrupulous sex offender who had remained faceless
to the victim, since they had subsequently met up and spoken on the telephone.

70 I was of the view that this did not take the appellant very far. Naturally,
any initial contact in an Internet chatroom would have to result in a physical
meeting before an unnatural sex offence could take place. The offender would
obviously not be able to hide his true identity and remain faceless
indefinitely. However, the crucial point here was that the Internet had
facilitated the offence, as it provided an avenue for the appellant to get
acquainted with the victim and to ask her, very quickly thereafter, to perform
fellatio on him. The district judge was therefore not wrong in finding that a
deterrent sentence was warranted.

71 I should, however, point out that while the courts will generally consider
imposing a deterrent sentence where the initial contact between a sex offender
and a victim is _via_ the Internet, each case must be determined on its own
facts. There may well be cases where the court may decide that a deterrent
sentence is not appropriate, such as where the link between the Internet
contact and the offence is overly remote.

_Whether the district judge erred by placing too much weight on the
aggravating factor that the appellant’s actions led to the moral corruption of
the victim_

72 The appellant argued that the district judge’s finding that the appellant’s
actions led to the moral corruption of the victim was not supported by the
statement of facts or mitigation plea and must be regarded as purely
speculative. To buttress this contention, the appellant repeatedly stressed
that the victim had voluntarily been physically intimate with the appellant
and had even “groped his genital region of her own volition”.

73 I saw no merit in the appellant’s contention. It is undisputed that the
appellant had asked the victim to perform the act of fellatio after she had
declined to have sexual intercourse with him. Further, even if the victim was
sexually experienced or promiscuous (and the appellant was unable to adduce
any evidence in support of this), it is established law that this is wholly
irrelevant in sentencing: _Tay Kim Kuan._

74 The offender in _Tay Kim Kuan_ had pleaded guilty to one charge under s
140(1)(i) of the Women’s Charter. His counsel, in contending that the sentence
imposed by the trial judge was manifestly excessive, submitted that the victim
had had a long history of sexual intercourse with older men and had tempted
the appellant by sharing her lurid experiences with him. I rejected these
submissions, observing at [17] that:

… I had no doubt that the complainant in the present case was no innocent
virgin to begin with and admittedly, had had her fair share of sexual
experiences before sleeping with the appellant. Nevertheless, the offence
committed by the appellant with a girl just one-third his age remained a
serious one for which the law provides no excuse. If the appellant was indeed
anything as sensible and mature as his counsel made him out to be, then all
the more he should have known better than to further the moral corruption of
one whom he knew or thought was already debauched. Instead, he had no
reservations about taking advantage of the easy opportunity which presented
itself to him and exploited it fully to gratify his lust.

_Whether the district judge erred in finding that a deterrent sentence was
warranted because the appellant was a police officer_

75 The appellant submitted that the district judge had erred in holding that a
deterrent sentence was warranted because the appellant had been a police
officer at the time of the offence. The appellant contended that in cases
where the offender is a law enforcement officer, a deterrent sentence is
warranted only where the offence is committed in the course of his duty.

76 It was clear that the district judge had regarded the fact that the
appellant was a police officer at the time of the offence as a strong
aggravating factor. The district judge cited _PP v Gurmit Singh_ [1999] 3 SLR
215 in support of his view that a severe sentence was warranted to deter like-
minded individuals and to uphold the public interest that those who are vested
with the duty to uphold and enforce the law should not be let off lightly when
they deliberately flout the law.

77 The appellant contended, however, that _Gurmit Singh_ was only authority
for the proposition that a deterrent sentence should be imposed where a law
enforcement officer commits an offence _in the course of his duties_. The
appellant submitted that the holding in _Gurmit Singh_ did not extend to cases
where a law enforcement officer commits offences _outside_ the scope of his
official duties.

78 I was of the view that, while the public is entitled to expect the highest
standards from the police force, the fact that the appellant was a police
officer at the time of the offence should not have been regarded as an
aggravating factor in the present case.

79 It could not be disputed that the offence was completely unrelated to the
appellant’s status as a police officer. There was no evidence, for example,
that the appellant sought to exploit his position as a police officer to
coerce or pressure the victim to perform the act of fellatio. This stood in
marked contrast with the facts of _Gurmit Singh_ , where a police corporal
forged acknowledgement slips reflecting that he had returned exhibits of
shoplifting cases investigated by him, when in actual fact he had retained the
exhibits for his own use. The accused in _Gurmit Singh_ clearly abused his
position as an investigating officer in committing the offences of forgery and
he violated the trust reposed in him to prosecute offences fairly and
ethically.

80 Further, I made clear in _Gurmit Singh_ that a deterrent sentence was
necessary on the facts of the case because the accused had committed the
forgery offences in the course of his duty. In this regard, I noted at [11]
that:

In this case, it seemed clear to me that a deterrent sentence was warranted as
the respondent had been a police officer _who had committed these offences in
the commission of his duty_. The public is entitled to expect the highest
standards from the police force. It would be sending the wrong signals to the
public if a police officer who had committed forgery got off with only a fine.
[emphasis added]

81 I further noted at [17] that:

It seemed clear to me that in the circumstances of the case, _where the
accused was a police officer and had committed these offences in the course of
his duty_ , it was in the public interest that a committal sentence be given.
The whole purpose of the law is to maintain order and discipline and it was
left to police officers to enforce the law. A deterrent sentence ought to be
given to the respondent in view of this aggravating factor. [emphasis added]

82 It was therefore my view that, in this case, the mere fact that the
appellant had been a police officer should not have been regarded as an
aggravating factor. While the courts will not hesitate to punish police
officers who abuse their powers to commit offences, a deterrent sentence may
not be warranted in cases where a police officer offends outside the scope of
his official duties and does not abuse his position to commit criminal
mischief.

**_Whether the sentence imposed on the appellant by the district judge was in
line with the sentences imposed in other similar cases_**

83 Finally, I turn to consider whether the sentence imposed by the district
judge was in line with the sentences imposed in similar cases.

84 In sentencing the appellant, the district judge relied on three cases – _PP
v Wong Siu Fai_ [2002] 3 SLR 276, _Adam bin Darsin v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 412 and
_PP v Peh Thian Hui_ [2002] 3 SLR 268 – in which sentences of five years’
imprisonment were imposed for s 377 offences. The district judge also
considered _PP v Pok Raymond_ [2003] SGHC 18 where sentences of two years’
imprisonment were imposed in respect of each of three s 377 charges preferred
against the accused.

85 The district judge was of the view that, following _Adam bin Darsin_ , an
appropriate sentence for an offence of unnatural carnal intercourse by way of
fellatio would be in the region of five years, subject to any mitigating or
aggravating circumstances that may be present.

86 As both the appellant and the Public Prosecutor made submissions on this
issue, it would be useful to summarise their submissions at this juncture and
I now proceed to do so.

_The appellant’s submissions_

87 The key contention advanced by the appellant was that the sentence imposed
by the district judge was manifestly excessive as it was not in line with the
sentences imposed in other cases involving offences under s 377 of the Penal
Code and s 140(1)(i) of the Women’s Charter.

88 One of the cases cited by the appellant was _PP v Netto Michael George_
[2000] SGHC 261. In _Netto Michael George_ , the accused was charged with a
number of sex offences, including aggravated rape, unnatural carnal
intercourse by way of fellatio and aggravated outrage of modesty. He was also
charged with one count of housebreaking by night. The accused had raped the
victim and forced her to perform fellatio, while placing a knife on her back
and threatening to kill her if she did not comply. Amarjeet Singh JC (as he
then was) sentenced the accused to 12 months’ imprisonment in respect of the s
377 offence.

_The Public Prosecutor’s submissions_

89 The Public Prosecutor was of the view that the appellant’s sentence of 24
months imprisonment was a “significant departure” from the general sentencing
practice in dealing with carnal connection cases involving ordinary sexual
intercourse, pursuant to s 140(1)(i) of the Women’s Charter. The Public
Prosecutor noted that, if the sentence imposed by the district judge were to
be upheld, there would be “some conflict … in the sentencing benchmarks”, in
that there would be a fairly large difference between the sentence imposed by
the courts for the full act of sexual intercourse in carnal connection cases
such as _Tay Kim Kuan_ (which was 12 months’ imprisonment), and the present
sentence imposed for oral sex (which is 24 months’ imprisonment). The Public
Prosecutor submitted that some reconciliation might be required.

90 Underlying this submission was the Public Prosecutor’s view that there is
‘little difference in the moral culpability of an accused person who engages
in ordinary sexual intercourse rather than unnatural sexual intercourse with a
young girl’. The Public Prosecutor was of the view that the same sentencing
tariff should apply to both offences.

91 I turn now to consider whether the starting point for sentencing in respect
of an offence of fellatio under s 377 of the Penal Code is five years
imprisonment.

_Whether the “starting point” for sentencing under s 377 of the Penal Code is
five years’ imprisonment_

92 I was of the view that the district judge had erred in relying on cases
such as _Adam bin Darsin_ and _Peh Thian Hui_ in concluding that the starting
point for sentencing in respect of an offence of fellatio under s 377 against
a young victim is “in the region of five years’ imprisonment”. This is because
the cases cited by the district judge involved accused persons who shamelessly
abused their positions of trust and repeatedly engaged in the sexual
exploitation of young victims. These precedents can therefore be distinguished
from the present case.

93 In _Adam bin Darsin_ , the accused faced no less than 23 charges for s 377
offences, and only eight charges were proceeded with. He had eight male
victims, whose ages ranged between 12 and 15 years old, and the offences were
repeatedly committed over a period of one year. The victims respected the
accused, regarded him as a family member and called him “uncle”. The accused
had taken pains to win the trust of his victims’ families, so that he could
have easy access to the victims to satisfy his sexual urges. I should also
point out that 15 charges were taken into consideration for the purpose of
sentencing. It is trite law that the effect of taking into consideration
outstanding offences is to enhance the sentences that would otherwise be
awarded: _PP v Mok Ping Wuen Maurice_ [1999] 1 SLR 138. In light of this, a
five-year sentence of imprisonment for each of the eight charges was condign.

94 _Peh Thian Hui_ can also be easily distinguished from the present appeal.
The accused repeatedly raped and molested his lover’s biological daughter for
a period of four years, starting from the time when the victim was nine years
old. When the victim was 13 years old, the accused ordered the victim to
perform fellatio on him, and this formed the subject matter of the s 377
charge, to which the accused pleaded guilty. The accused also pleaded guilty
to a total of nine other charges, with 52 other charges taken into
consideration in sentencing. Tay Yong Kwang JC (as he then was) imposed a
deterrent sentence as he was of the view that “Peh’s perversion must never be
allowed to touch and affect another girl’s life. He must be kept out of
society … for a very substantial period of time”. Tay JC therefore imposed a
sentence of five years’ imprisonment in respect of the s 377 charge.

95 In my view, the difficulty with attempting to fix a “starting point” for
sentencing of fellatio offences under s 377 is that the sheer number of
different factual scenarios which could underlie such offences render such an
exercise unfruitful and unhelpful. Each case will turn on its own unique facts
and the court must always be mindful of this. That said, past cases are
indubitably instructive and may serve as critical sentencing guidelines for
the court. In respect of the present appeal, I found two cases _– PP v Pok
Raymond_ and _PP v Netto George Michael_ – particularly helpful.

96 In _PP v Pok Raymond,_ the accused had posted a message on an Internet
chatroom asking for a girl to pose as his temporary girlfriend and engage in
petting with him in exchange for money. The victim responded to the accused’s
message and met with the accused. On their first meeting, the victim and the
accused engaged in fellatio and sexual intercourse. On their second meeting,
the victim declined to fellate the accused when he asked her to do so, but he
pulled her head towards his penis, causing her to give in and to fellate him
reluctantly. This act formed the subject of a charge under s 377 of the Penal
Code.

97 The accused was convicted of five other charges in respect of the same
victim and two other victims, for offences of anal intercourse, carnal
connection with a 14-year-old girl, rape and aggravated rape. In addition to
the six charges, the accused agreed that one charge of carnal connection and
two charges of rape be taken into consideration in sentencing. The accused had
related antecedents for military offences committed during National Service;
significantly, these offences included an attempt to peep into a ladies’
toilet and an entry into a female officer’s bunk to search for her
undergarments. It was also undisputed that the accused had resorted to
blackmailing some of his victims so that he could use them as “virtual sex
slaves”. The accused had even caused one of his victims to contract a sexually
transmitted disease. Despite these aggravating factors, the accused was only
sentenced to 24 months’ imprisonment for the fellatio offence, which is the
same sentence as that received by the appellant in the present appeal.

98 I was of the view that there were significant differences between the
culpability of the accused in _Pok Raymond_ and the appellant in the present
appeal, warranting that the appellant receive a sentence which was markedly
lower than 24 months’ imprisonment.

99 The sentence imposed by the district judge was also problematic when
considered alongside the sentence imposed in respect of the s 377 offence in
_Netto Michael George_. There were several aggravating circumstances in that
case. In the course of a housebreaking perpetrated by the accused, the victim
was forced to perform fellatio. The accused was armed with a knife and had
threatened to kill the victim if she did not comply. Notwithstanding this, and
the fact that the accused had antecedents, the High Court sentenced him to 12
months’ imprisonment in respect of the s 377 offence. This works out to only
half of the sentence imposed on the appellant in the present case.

_Disparity between sentences imposed for carnal connection offences and
sentences imposed for fellatio offences_

100 I also accepted the Public Prosecutor’s point that there was a striking
disparity between the appellant’s sentence and sentences imposed by our courts
in respect of carnal connection offences under the Women’s Charter.

101 In _Tay Kim Kuan_ , for example, the accused was a 45-year-old man who was
convicted under s 140(1)(i) of the Women’s Charter for engaging in sexual
intercourse with the victim, who was 15 years old at the time of the offence.
As I alluded to earlier, the accused had met the victim in an IRC chatroom,
and I had no hesitation in imposing a deterrent sentence in order to protect
the young from the perils of the Internet. I sentenced the accused to 12
months’ imprisonment and the maximum fine of $10,000.

102 The circumstances in _Tay Kim Kuan_ were quite similar to those in the
present case and there were only two key differences between the cases:

(a) the subject matter of the charge in _Tay Kim Kuan_ was ordinary sexual
intercourse, whereas the present case deals with unnatural sexual intercourse;
and

(b) the appellant in the present case was a police officer, whereas the
accused in _Tay Kim Kuan_ was not.

103 As I observed earlier, I was not persuaded that the fact that the
appellant was a police officer should be regarded as an aggravating factor in
this case.

104 Further, as submitted by the Public Prosecutor, it was simply incongruous
for there to be such a large disparity between the sentences imposed in
respect of ordinary sexual intercourse cases and those imposed in cases of
unnatural sexual intercourse by way of fellatio. I acknowledged that engaging
in ordinary sexual intercourse with a girl under the age of 16 years is an
offence under the Women’s Charter whereas unnatural sexual intercourse cases
fall within the ambit of s 377 of the Penal Code. However, where young victims
are concerned, both offences, and the rationale for their criminalisation, are
aimed at the protection of young victims from exploitative sexual activity,
whether unnatural or not. In this light, I was of the view that there should
not be an overly large disparity between sentences under the two provisions.

**_Conclusion_**

105 Taking into account all the circumstances of the case, I was drawn to
conclude that the appellant’s sentence was manifestly excessive. Thus, I
allowed the appellant’s appeal against sentence and reduced the sentence to a
term of imprisonment of 12 months.

Appeal against sentence allowed. Motion dismissed. Petition for criminal
revision allowed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Mar 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

