Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2297 v Seasons Park Ltd (No 2)  
[2004] SGHC 160

Case Number | : | Suit 827/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 30 July 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leo Cheng Suan and Teh Ee-Von (Infinitus Law Corporation) for plaintiff; Christopher Chuah Chee Kian, Elly Tham and Lee Hwai Bin (Wong Partnership) for defendant   
Parties | : |  Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No 2297 — Seasons Park Ltd (No 2)   
  
Civil Procedure – Originating processes and pleadings – Management corporation
suing in contract – Whether management corporation must identify each party to
the contract.  
  
Land – Strata titles – Management corporation – Representative actions –
Whether management corporation could sue developers on behalf of subsidiary
proprietors – Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158, 1999 Rev Ed) s 116.  
  
Tort – Negligence – Defence of independent contractor – Whether developers
accused of direct and personal negligence could rely on defence.  
  
Tort – Negligence – Indemnity – Whether management corporation entitled to
indemnity from developers.  
  

30 July 2004 |  Judgment reserved.  
---|---  
  
Choo Han Teck J:

1 This was an action commenced by Management Corporation Strata Title Plan No
2297 (“the plaintiff”), the management corporation of the condominium at 497
Yio Chu Kang Road known as Seasons Park Condominium, against the developers,
Seasons Park Ltd (“the defendant”). The action was based on contract and tort,
and also on “an indemnity”. The claim was made on behalf of all the subsidiary
proprietors in respect of defects and damage to the common property as well as
individual units of the sub-proprietors. The list of defects was a long one
and included leakage and seepage of water, the debonding of tiles, soil
settlement, loose grille covers, obstruction of refuse chutes, and various
other items. These defects were identified by the firm of building surveyors
engaged by the plaintiff to study and review the alleged problems in the
condominium.

2 Mr Christopher Chuah Chee Kian, counsel for the defendant, made an
application to have some questions of law to be tried as preliminary issues.
Mr Leo Cheng Suan, counsel for the plaintiff, strongly objected and I thus
permitted the trial to proceed. The first witness for the plaintiff was a
subsidiary proprietor. Her evidence related virtually to her personal
complaint of water seepage, which she testified she once thought was caused by
her dogs’ poor toilet training. In any event, she said that her claim for
about $5,000 was strictly in respect of repair costs to her own apartment
unit. At that point, Mr Chuah made a renewed application to have the issues of
law tried first. Counsel submitted that the three questions of law will
determine substantially all, if not all, the issues at trial. He is right in
saying that a point of law need not be one that will dispose of the entire
trial. If it will lead to a disposal of a substantial part of the trial then
the court may, at its discretion, order a trial of the legal issues first. In
this case, even Mr Leo agreed that the case will extend well beyond the five
days allocated for the trial. Realistically, if all the factual issues are
disputed, the trial might require about 20 to 30 days. The legal issues will,
in any event, have to be determined. In these circumstances, I ordered the
three questions posed by Mr Chuah to be tried as preliminary issues.

3 The three questions are as follows:

(a) Whether the plaintiffs are entitled to sue on behalf of all subsidiary
proprietors of units who have entered into sale and purchase agreements as
pleaded in para 26 of the statement of claim[1] read with paras 3 and 4 of the
document entitled “Yet Further and Better Particulars” dated 25 June 2004[2]
and if so, which purchasers.

(b) Whether paras 18, 19, 20, 24 and 25 of the defence filed in the
proceedings would be a defence to the plaintiffs’ claims in tort as pleaded.

(c) Whether the plaintiffs are entitled to seek a declaration of an indemnity
from the defendants against claims by subsidiary proprietors as pleaded in
para 30 of the statement of claim.

4 Mr Leo maintained that the plaintiff had two bases in support of its right
to sue. First he relied on s 116(1) of the Land Titles (Strata) Act (Cap 158,
1999 Rev Ed) which provides as follows:

Where all or some of the subsidiary proprietors of the lots in a subdivided
building are jointly entitled to take proceedings against any person or are
liable to have proceedings taken against them jointly (any such proceedings
being proceedings for or with respect to common property), the proceedings may
be taken by or against the management corporation as if it were the subsidiary
proprietors of the lots concerned.

This is a provision empowering the management corporation to sue or be sued.
Without it, it might be questionable whether the management corporation, as a
separate legal entity, is entitled to exercise any right to sue that belongs
to a subsidiary proprietor and, conversely, whether it is liable to a suit in
respect of which the real and otherwise proper party would be the subsidiary
proprietor. It is similar to other statutory provisions such as that
empowering an incorporated company to sue and be sued in its own name. Section
116(1) does not, on its plain meaning, confer or create any cause of action.
The power to “take proceedings against any person” is contingent upon a
_right_ or a _cause of action_. Hence, the management corporation may sue (on
behalf of the subsidiary proprietors) a defendant in contract only where there
is a cause of action in contract that is available to the subsidiary
proprietors. The same reasoning applies in tort or to any other cause of
action. Mr Leo’s reliance on the words “where all or some” in the opening line
of s 116(1) might have been the source of his misconstruction of this
provision.

5 Counsel submitted that since “common property was badly maintained … this
would entitle all the subsidiary proprietors to sue the defendant in
contract.” Mr Chuah argued that s 116(1) empowers the management corporation
to sue only in tort. I do not think that the plain words should be read as
restrictively as that. If a cause of action accrues in contract to any or all
subsidiary proprietors, the management corporation should be entitled to sue
in their stead. However, it does not follow that every subsidiary proprietor
will sue just because he has a right to do so.

6 This brings me to Mr Leo’s second ground. Mr Leo’s second basis in support
of the plaintiff’s right to sue was the resolution passed by the members at
their second annual general meeting held on 31 March 2002 that expressly
authorised the plaintiff to sue. The 49 members who attended unanimously
passed the resolution in the following terms:

12.0 Ordinary Resolutions

12.1 To consider and if deemed fit, to approve by ordinary resolution that the
Council of the Management Corporation be duly authorised:

12.1.1 on behalf of subsidiary proprietors, to commence legal
actions/proceedings against Seasons Park Ltd, including Architect, Engineer,
Contractors and/or any concerned parties, relating to all latent defects to
the common property; and

12.1.2 to negotiate, compromise, enter into mediation, finalise settlement
with Seasons Park Ltd and/or relating parties [_sic_] and to defend
proceedings; and

12.1.3 to appoint, retain and collaborate [_sic_] solicitors, consultant or
other experts; and

12.1.4 to expend up to S$100,000.00 from the management or sinking funds to
pay consultants’ and legal cost and other related expenditures.

Mr Leo strongly suggested that the fact that the general meeting ratified the
plaintiff’s decision to sue supported the plaintiff’s standing in the matter.
But this ignores the fact that a third party has no right to ratify or assert
a contractual right that he does not possess. This is a different situation
from one in which the general meeting authorises the management corporation to
sue in tort in respect of the common property. Contractual rights are
personal. Some of the subsidiary proprietors, as counsel conceded, were sub-
purchasers who had no contract with the defendant. Thus, it behoves the
plaintiff to identify all the subsidiary proprietors on whose behalf it is
suing _in contract_. The identity of the parties ought to be made out in the
pleadings and the originating process. This is basic and requires elaboration
only because the writ and pleadings in this case identified the plaintiff as
“the management corporation representing 390 subsidiary proprietors”. As it
transpired, this was not correct. Hence, Mr Leo submitted belatedly that the
plaintiff represents the 49 subsidiary proprietors who voted at the second
annual general meeting. Mr Chuah was entitled to ask, and had indeed asked in
vain, for particulars of the subsidiary proprietors.

7 It is important to identify each principal or substantive plaintiff when a
management corporation purports to act for him or her. One of the more
practical reasons for this is that in the event that the opposing party has to
enforce any personal orders or orders as to costs, he will know whom he may
pursue. It is true, as Mr Leo pointed out, that costs are normally borne by
the management corporation. However, in principle, a substantive party is not
absolved from such responsibility should its agent default or be unable to
pay. All that I have stated above in regard to the legal position was fully
expounded by LP Thean JA in the Court of Appeal judgment in _RSP Architects
Planners & Engineers v Ocean Front Pte Ltd_ [1996] 1 SLR 113 at 119,
[11]–[12]. It was not disputed by Mr Leo that of the 49 subsidiary proprietors
who voted at the second annual general meeting, only 40 of them were original
purchasers. Mr Leo submitted that the subsidiary proprietors, being
laypersons, would not have known what the distinctions between suing in tort
and contract were. That is true, but that cannot be said of their solicitors.
Where a cause of action is to be founded on contract every party bound by that
contract must be identified, and thus every subsidiary proprietor who had a
contract with the defendant had to expressly authorise the plaintiff to sue on
his behalf, whether in respect of common property or in respect of his
individual unit if the plaintiff was prepared to sue on his behalf in that
regard. I need not deal with the question whether the resolution was
originally to empower the plaintiff to sue for “patent defects” or as later
amended, to “latent defects”. What the true resolution was may involve
findings of fact. On the first question of law, I find that the plaintiff’s
claim in contract must fail because it had no pleaded cause of action in
contract. Section 116(1) of the Act does not provide a standing to sue where
no cause exists.

8 The second issue involves the question as to whether the defence of
independent contractor defeats the plaintiff’s claim as it is pleaded. This is
a straightforward point. In law, a person is not liable in negligence if he
employed an independent contractor and the damage was caused by the negligence
of that contractor. The plaintiff’s claim in this regard was pleaded on the
basis that the defendant was negligent in failing to exercise reasonable care
and skill “in designing and/or building the [Seasons Park condominium] and/or
supervising the construction and rectification works”. The defendant cannot be
expected to adduce evidence to prove or disprove the handiwork of his
independent contractor, architect or engineer, all of whom the plaintiff had
for unexplained “strategic reasons” declined to sue. All that is required of
the defendant to prove is that he used reasonable care and skill in employing
his independent contractor. Of course, whether the defendant exercised such
skill and care is a question of fact for the trial, but the allegation in the
pleading does not require this. As Mr Leo submitted, on the basis of the
plaintiff’s pleadings, the defendant is sued, not for failing to exercise
skill and care in selecting his independent contractors, but for a _direct and
personal failure in the design and construction of the condominium itself_. If
that can be proved, it will be a shattering development in the building
industry. This innovative attempt may prove more heroic than realistic,
especially on the pleadings as they stand, which are significantly deficient
in particulars. The plaintiff’s case is echoed in its counsel’s submission
that, “for a project of this magnitude, it is inconceivable that the defendant
would just leave everything to its independent contractors”. Whether that is
indeed so is obviously a question of fact, but no particulars were given.
Counsel’s second proposition was that the contractors could not have been
independent because they worked for such a major employer. This seems very
much like a wild and hopeful swing in the dark. The plaintiff’s case looks
very bleak, but if the plaintiff insists on its day in court it is entitled to
it, though it may prove a very expensive day.

9 I now refer to the third question as to whether the plaintiff is entitled to
a declaration of indemnity. Rights under an indemnity normally arise by reason
of a contract or by operation of law. In so far as there is no contractual
connection in the present case, there is no question of any right to an
indemnity in contract. So far as the question relates to the tortious claim as
pleaded, no such right arises either for the simple reason that an indemnity
in respect of damage caused by a tortious act is relevant only where someone
else caused the damage. In the present case, the plaintiff had chosen to plead
and argue that the independent contractor defence does not apply because the
contractor was not independent. If the contractor is not independent then
liability against the defendant would have to be direct liability, in which
event no question of an indemnity arises. Mr Leo argued that the plaintiff, as
the management corporation, is obliged to rectify such damage that the
subsidiary proprietors may complain of. Therefore, it must be entitled to an
indemnity from the defendant on that account. The logic of this argument is
slightly congested. No indemnity in contract or tort arises where, as here,
the plaintiff is suing on behalf of the subsidiary proprietors.

10 For the reasons above, the plaintiff is only entitled to proceed to trial
to determine the very narrow issue of fact in negligence as to whether the
defects were caused by the defendant personally and, if so, whether it was an
actionable wrong. That would be relevant only in the event that the plaintiff
succeeds in showing that the defects were caused by the defendant; he must
then proceed to establish that the faults were actionable and not, for
example, that the defects arose from acceptable wear and tear. In the absence
of a contract, the developer or contractor, or for that matter any other
relevant party, cannot be expected to hold out a lifelong guarantee in respect
of any work that is subject to wear and tear. I shall hear the question of
costs at a later date.

  

* * *

[1]BP18.

[2]BP378.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 30 Jul 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

