Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Hong Leong Finance Ltd v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGHC 199

Case Number | : | Cr Rev 16/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 07 September 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Phua Siow Choon (Michael BB Ong and Co) for petitioner; Kan Shuk Weng (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Hong Leong Finance Ltd — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Confiscation and forfeiture – Effect of
delay in bringing petition for criminal revision  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Confiscation and forfeiture – Whether
court could order forfeiture due to seriousness of offence – Sections 12, 23,
32(1) Wholesome Meat and Fish Act (Cap 349A, 2000 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Confiscation and forfeiture – Whether
owner ought to be informed before forfeiture order made – Whether failure to
inform owner sufficient to attract criminal revision  
  

7 September 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 This was a petition by Hong Leong Finance Limited (“HLF”) seeking criminal
revision of the order for forfeiture of a vehicle made on 23 June 2003 under s
32(1) of the Wholesome Meat and Fish Act (Cap 349A, 2000 Rev Ed) (“WMFA”). I
dismissed the petition and now give my reasons.

**The facts**

2 The petitioner, HLF, was the owner of a reefer truck bearing registration
number YJ955K (“the vehicle”) by virtue of a hire purchase agreement entered
into on 2 April 2002 with one Tan Kian Chye (“Tan”).

3 On 1 April 2003 at about 9.30am, officers from the Agri-food and Veterinary
Authority (“the AVA”) attended to a complaint regarding the importation of
meat products from Malaysia. The meat products were purportedly being stored
at No 34 Jalan Siglap Singapore 678563 (“the premises”).

4 Upon arrival at the premises, the AVA officers spotted Tan, who was about to
drive off in the vehicle. The AVA officers immediately stopped Tan from
leaving the premises and proceeded to check the vehicle. They found 2,340kg of
pig intestines in the vehicle and another 1,960kg of pig intestines in the
freezers at the premises.

5 Tan admitted to having imported the pig intestines from Malaysia. He also
informed the AVA officers that the premises were used for the storage and
processing of the pig intestines. Tan was subsequently charged with having in
his possession meat products, which were imported from Malaysia without a
permit, for the purpose of selling, an offence under s 23(1)(a) of the WMFA
(“the first charge”). In addition, he was also charged with operating a
processing establishment without a licence from the Director-General of the
AVA, an offence under s 12(1) of the WMFA (“the second charge”).

6 On 17 June 2003, Tan pleaded guilty to both charges and was sentenced on 23
June 2003 to a total of 14 months’ imprisonment and ordered to pay a fine of
$30,000.

7 Consequent to Tan’s conviction, the court ordered that the vehicle be
forfeited under s 32 of the WMFA by the AVA (“the forfeiture order”). HLF was
only informed of the vehicle’s forfeiture on 23 June 2003, after the order was
made. Tan did not appeal against conviction, and no grounds were given for the
judge’s decision.

8 On 1 July 2003, counsel for HLF wrote to inform the AVA that HLF would be
applying to the High Court for a criminal revision to set aside the forfeiture
order. On 16 July 2003, counsel also wrote to the Attorney-General’s Chambers
(“the AGC”) requesting them to take up an application for criminal revision of
the forfeiture order.

9 By their reply dated 4 August 2003, the AGC declined to take up the
application. However, HLF took no further action for a year. On 12 June 2004,
the Deputy Public Prosecutor (“DPP”) wrote to counsel to ask if HLF still
intended to file a petition for criminal revision, without confirmation of
which the AVA would dispose of the vehicle.

10 On 21 June 2004, a year after the forfeiture order was made, counsel for
HLF filed the present petition for criminal revision.

**The petition**

11 HLF submitted that it suffered hardship and serious injustice and that the
trial court was wrong in ordering forfeiture of the vehicle as HLF was
deprived of the opportunity to be heard before the order was made. The court
therefore did not have regard to all the circumstances of the case in ordering
the forfeiture. HLF also relied on the fact that it was an innocent party and
had acted in a reasonably prudent manner in granting the hire purchase
facilities to Tan.

12 HLF therefore sought to have the forfeiture order set aside and the matter
remitted to the subordinate court for the holding of a disposal inquiry with
regard to the vehicle, where HLF would be given an opportunity to make
representations to the court as to why the vehicle should not be forfeited.

**The respondent’s case**

13 The DPP submitted that the forfeiture order should not be set aside as the
order of forfeiture was justified due to the gravity of the offence. Morever,
even if HLF had suffered injustice, which was not conceded, the force of such
injustice was greatly diminished by the delay of one year before HLF filed the
present petition.

**Principles of revision**

14 The High Court’s revisionary powers are conferred by s 23 of the Supreme
Court of Judicature Act (Cap 322, 1999 Rev Ed) (“SCJA”) and s 268 of the
Criminal Procedure Code (Cap 68, 1985 Rev Ed) (“CPC”). It is established law
that such powers of revision are discretionary and must be exercised
sparingly. The test laid down by the courts is whether the failure to exercise
revisionary powers will result in serious injustice being done. No precise
definition of what constitutes serious injustice is possible. However, it must
generally be shown that there was something palpably wrong in the decision by
the court below, which strikes at its basis as an exercise of judicial power:
see _Ang Poh Chuan v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 326, followed in _Magnum Finance Bhd v
PP_ [1996] 2 SLR 523 and _Credit Corporation (M) Bhd v PP_ [2000] 3 SLR 762.

**Whether the trial court should have exercised its discretion to forfeit**

15 The vehicle was forfeited under s 32 of the WMFA, which provides that:

(1) The court … may make an order for the forfeiture of any item which has
been seized under the provisions of this Act if —

(a) the court is satisfied that —

an offence under this Act or the rules has been committed; and

the item seized was the subject-matter, or was used in the commission, of the
offence; and

(b) having regard to the circumstances of the case, the court thinks it fit to
order the forfeiture of the item.

16 There is no doubt that the elements of s 32(1)(a)(i) and (ii) were
satisfied and that the vehicle was used in the commission of an offence under
the Act.

17 The issue before me, therefore, was whether, in the circumstances before
the court, the forfeiture order was justified.

18 I have stated that owners of vehicles ought to be charged to enable them to
defend themselves: _Chandra Kumar v PP_ [1995] 3 SLR 123 and _Ang Poh Chuan_
(at [14] _supra_). On the other hand, the courts have no duty to conduct an
investigation into the ownership of the vehicle before ordering its
forfeiture. Furthermore, HLF itself admitted that the Prosecution had no
positive statutory duty to inform it of the intended forfeiture.

19 In a case such as this where the offence is serious, the courts’ concern is
to prevent the vehicle from being used in the commission of further offences.
Moreover, the lack of opportunity to be heard only amounts to hardship on the
part of finance companies: _Ang Poh Chuan_ (at [14] _supra_). Such hardship
does not by itself lead to a finding of injustice upon which a criminal
revision must be premised. To show injustice, it would have to be further
shown that the trial court had erred in ordering forfeiture. It is to this
issue that I now turn.

20 HLF relied on the case of _Chandra Kumar v PP_ , where I had accepted that
the degree of complicity of the petitioner in the offence and the fact that
the petitioner could not reasonably have taken any preventive measures
regarding the use of the vehicle in the commission of the offence were
relevant considerations for the court in exercising its discretion to forfeit.
I also accepted that the value of the vehicle was relevant in so far as it
should be considered whether forfeiture was proportionate to the gravity of
the offence and the maximum punishment that could be imposed.

21 HLF also relied on the case of _Tanglin Cars Pte Ltd v PP_ [1997] 1 SLR
428, where I had stated that it would also have to be shown that the
petitioners were so grossly negligent in the manner they conducted their
business that it could be said that they were “tainted with complicity” in
having shown reckless disregard for the consequences of the use of their
vehicle.

22 HLF submitted that it was an innocent party which did not connive or
participate in or benefit from the offence Tan committed. HLF further
submitted that it was reasonably prudent in granting the hire purchase
facilities to Tan. HLF argued that it had verified the income of Tan and was
satisfied that Tan’s debt serving ratio was sufficient for him to service the
instalments. The vehicle was a refrigerated motor lorry which HLF believed was
to be used for Tan’s legitimate business of supplying frozen food. The hire
purchase agreement further provided that the vehicle should not be used
contrary to law, and that in the event of such a breach of the agreement, HLF
would be entitled to resume possession of the vehicle.

23  However, this was not the first time that a finance company had argued its
innocence before the court. In _PP v Mayban Finance (Singapore) Ltd_[1998] 1
SLR 462, an order was made to forfeit a lorry under hire purchase which had
been used to transport illegal workers. In that case, I stated at [33] and
[34] that:

I was aware that this case could have tremendous repercussions on the finance
or car rental companies. It is unfortunate that they should be the unwitting
victims. In most cases, the finance companies would have no knowledge of the
background of the applicant under the hire-purchase agreement. However, the
finance and car rental companies could take certain precautions, _eg_
requiring a guarantee from the purchasers of vehicles under hire-purchase
agreements. This would increase the cost of persons using such vehicles for
their business. However, I am confident that the slight increase in cost
should not deter them from doing business. …

[T]he courts have to warn finance and car rental companies to take more
precautions when entering into hire-purchase or rental agreements for their
vehicles.

24 I reiterated (at [38]) in _Credit Corporation (M) Bhd v PP_(at [14]
_supra_) that:

Car rental and finance companies should modify their trade practices to cover
themselves. The cost will be passed down to car hirers or borrowers. With the
deterrent effect of pecuniary loss, all parties will be made to be more
careful in handling their vehicles

25 Finance companies are responsible for the use of their vehicles and for
protecting themselves against loss of their vehicles. Finance companies are
well aware of the commercial risk associated with lending out vehicles on hire
purchase. Therefore, they should inquire more carefully about the customer’s
occupation and place of work. If finance companies find difficulty in keeping
watch on the use of their vehicles, they should insure themselves against the
loss of their vehicles and, if they so desire, have the customer pay the cost
of the insurance premiums.

26 It was undisputed that HLF was an innocent party and that HLF had been
reasonably prudent in granting the hire purchase facilities to Tan.
Nevertheless, I agreed with the DPP’s contention that the trial court was
justified in ordering the forfeiture of the vehicle due to the seriousness of
the offence. In the present case, the amount of illegally imported meat
products was immense, involving almost five tonnes of pig intestines. The
meat, had it been diseased or contaminated, could potentially have had an
adverse impact on the health of Singapore’s population if Tan had not been
arrested in time.

27 I was thus of the view that forfeiture was appropriate due to the grave
nature of the offence. The maximum punishment under s 23(2) WMFA is a fine not
exceeding $50,000 or imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years or both.
In this case, the offence was serious, and Tan was sentenced to 14 months’
imprisonment and a fine of $30,000. The value of the vehicle under the hire
purchase agreement was $83,576. In the light of the gravity of the offence and
the maximum punishment prescribed by the statute, it was evident to me that
forfeiture of the vehicle was not a disproportionate order. I therefore found
that the court below had correctly exercised its discretion to forfeit the
vehicle.

28  I recognised that it would have been desirable for HLF to have been given
the opportunity to make submissions to the court below as to why the vehicle
should not be forfeited. However, having regard to the circumstances of the
case, I had no doubt that the lower court would nevertheless have come to the
same conclusion and forfeited the vehicle. Therefore, as no injustice had been
caused by the forfeiture order, I saw no reason to remit the case back to the
subordinate court for a disposal inquiry and dismissed the petition for
criminal revision. Nevertheless, I made the following observations on HLF’s
delay in bringing the application for revision.

**Delay**

29 A party seeking revision must bring its application promptly. The effect of
delay was clearly laid down in _Ang Poh Chuan_ (at [14] _supra_). In that
case, I stated that while, in a case of injustice generally, delay would not
be material, delay might indicate that there was in fact no injustice caused
or that the force of any injustice was seriously attenuated by the delay, such
that no exercise of the discretion ought to be made in favour of the
petitioner.

30 Although HLF promptly wrote to the AGC asking them to take up a criminal
revision after learning of the forfeiture order, it did not take further
action for a year after receiving the AGC’s refusal to take up the
application. The reasons given were, firstly, that delay was caused by counsel
regarding the appropriate procedure, parties and correct forms to use in these
proceedings. The delay was also caused by the HLF’s various overtures for
cooperation from its agents who processed the application forms for hire
purchase financing and the verification of income documents to ensure that Tan
was in the financial position to pay the instalments due under the hire
purchase agreement.

31  In my view, HLF had not offered any credible explanation for the delay of
almost a year. Counsel’s failure to ascertain the appropriate proceedings
certainly did not justify such a delay. Furthermore, I found it difficult to
see how the verification of Tan’s financial position, post-forfeiture, was
relevant. In fact, such an argument was inconsistent with and would seem to
undermine HLF’s earlier position that it acted reasonably prudently in the
first place, in granting Tan the hire purchase facility, having previously
assessed his debt serving ratio to be sufficient to service the instalments.

32  In fact, as the DPP also pointed out, it was reasonable to infer from the
circumstances that the petition for criminal revision was filed only in
response to the letter from the Prosecution to counsel asking them to confirm
HLF’s position, and the delay would have been longer if the Prosecution had
not so written. The fact that HLF petitioned for criminal revision only one
year after the forfeiture order was made further indicated that the forfeiture
of the vehicle has had little, if any, adverse impact on it. The delay by HLF
was inconsistent with its argument of having suffered gross injustice.

33  Therefore, even if HLF had been a victim of injustice by virtue of the
forfeiture order, which it was not, any injustice it suffered would have been
attenuated by the considerable delay in bringing the petition and the failure
to adequately explain the delay.

**Conclusion**

34 The lower court had rightly exercised its discretion to forfeit the
vehicle. HLF’s delay in bringing the petition was also without excuse. The
petition for criminal revision was accordingly dismissed.

Application for criminal revision dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 07 Sep 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

