Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The "Melati"  
[2004] SGCA 25

Case Number | : | CA 134/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 June 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Lim Tean and Probin Dass (Rajah and Tann) for appellants; Kenneth Lie and Chow Sy Hann (Joseph Tan Jude Benny) for respondents   
Parties | : | —  
  
Civil Procedure – Discontinuance – Without leave – Whether irregularly filed
pleading amounting to "step or proceeding" – Order 21 r 2(6) Rules of Court
(Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed)  
  
Civil Procedure – Extension of time – Principles governing grant of extension
of time for filing and serving Statement of Claim – Whether extension of time
should be granted on facts  
  

28 June 2004 |  _Judgment reserved._  
---|---  
  
Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This appeal raises a procedural matter of considerable importance to
litigation lawyers. It relates to the construction of O 21 r 2(6) of the Rules
of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 1997 Rev Ed) (“the ROC”) which provides for a regime
of automatic discontinuance of an action in a certain specified circumstance.
The appeal raises the question as to whether a statement of claim, which was
filed and served out of time, should be regarded as a “step or proceeding”
within the meaning of O 21 r 2(6) so as to preclude the application of the
rule.

2 Another issue which the appeal raises is whether the court, on the facts of
the case and in exercise of its discretion, should extend time to regularise
the statement of claim which was filed and served out of time.

**The facts**

3 On 24 December 2000, a casualty occurred while the vessel, _Melati_ , was on
its voyage from Batam, Indonesia to Huangpu and Shanghai, China. Goods carried
on board had to be salvaged. The shipowners, the defendants in the present
action, declared general average. The cargo owners, who are the plaintiffs in
the action, provided a general average bond and a salvage guarantee to the
shipowners.

4 On 5 March 2002, the plaintiffs commenced _in rem_ proceedings against the
vessel _Melati_. The writ was served and the defendants entered appearance on
20 March 2002. However, no further step was taken by the plaintiffs until 18
March 2003 when a statement of claim was served on the defendants who duly
objected to the service on the ground that it was served out of time and
without the leave of the court. They took the view that the service could,
therefore, be disregarded.

5 Obviously appreciating that the statement of claim served on 18 March 2003
might well be defective, the plaintiffs applied, on 4 April 2003, for an
extension of time to serve the statement of claim. In the alternative, the
plaintiffs applied for the action to be reinstated pursuant to O 21 r 2(8) of
the ROC. On 24 April 2003, the assistant registrar refused the plaintiffs’
application for an extension of time to serve the statement of claim and
ordered that the statement of claim filed on 18 March 2003 be struck out.

6 The plaintiffs appealed to the judge in chambers. Belinda Ang Saw Ean J held
that although the statement of claim was filed and served out of time and
without leave, and thus was an irregular step, it was nevertheless a “step”
for the purposes of O 21 r 2(6). Ang J regularised the irregular step by
extending the time for service of the statement of claim. She also ordered
that the statement of claim filed and served on 18 March 2003 was to stand.

7 The delay in filing and serving the statement of claim on the part of the
plaintiffs was caused by their decision to await the outcome of the salvors’
arbitration which was then in progress in London. The plaintiffs wanted to be
able to quantify the indemnity sought by them against the defendants when
filing the statement of claim. While Ang J noted that this decision of the
plaintiffs to wait might not have been justifiable, she felt that this failure
in filing and serving the statement of claim within the period prescribed in O
18 r 1 of the ROC was only an irregularity, which was curable since it did not
cause the defendants any real prejudice. Ang J explained at [16] and [17] of
her judgment (reported at [2003] 4 SLR 575):

The only prejudice raised by the defendants is that the defendants … would be
deprived of a limitation defence under the Hague Rules. This is a circular
form of argument. The defendants only have a limitation defence if the
application to extend time is refused or if the action has been discontinued
and consequently reinstatement is sought in either event. … On 18 March 2003,
it made no difference at all to the defendants whether or not the statement of
claim was served out of time and without leave since any which way the defence
of time bar was not available.

The grant of an order to cure the irregularity cannot be viewed as prejudicial
to the defendants’ interests. They still have the full opportunity to defend
the action. On the other hand, a refusal of the time extension would for the
plaintiffs mean an end to the action.

8 Ang J also added that this was not a case where there was a wholesale
disregard of the rules of court. There had been no breach of any court order.
Being dissatisfied with her decision, the defendants have appealed to us.

**The appeal**

9 The defendants argued that the object of O 21 r 2(6) is to ensure that every
action instituted in court is conducted expeditiously and efficiently. This
aim must be borne in mind when the court construes the meaning of the
expression “step or proceeding” in O 21 r 2(6). In this light, an irregular
step, such as a statement of claim filed and served out of time, should not
and cannot be regarded as a “step or proceeding” within the meaning of the
rule. In any event, in the circumstances of this case, particularly having
regard to the long delay, the judge should not have regularised the position
by granting an extension of time to enable the plaintiffs to serve the
statement of claim out of time.

**The meaning of “step or proceeding”**

10 We agree with counsel for the defendants that the object of O 21 r 2(6) is
to ensure that actions instituted in court should be proceeded with
expeditiously and not be allowed to become dormant. Nevertheless, how the
expression “step or proceeding” in the rule should be construed must
necessarily be viewed in the light of the other rules in the ROC.

11 Under the previous rules of court, an action could be left hanging for a
long time especially where both the plaintiff and the defendant were, for
their own respective reasons, happy to let the action remain dormant. All that
the plaintiff needed to do to bring a dormant action to life would be to give
notice to the defendant that the plaintiff intended to prosecute the action.

12 Order 21 r 2(6) brought a dramatic change to all that. It was first
introduced in 1996 and subsequently amended in 1999. It places the onus on the
plaintiff to ensure that the action is not allowed to become dormant for more
than a year. Under the scheme, the Registry need not allocate scarce manpower
to police the management of cases. The plaintiff should monitor his action
closely, failing which he runs the risk of the action being deemed
discontinued.

13 The starting point in the consideration of how the expression “step or
proceeding” should be construed, is O 18 r 1 which provides that the plaintiff
shall serve his statement of claim within 14 days of appearance having been
entered by the defendant. Order 18 r 21 provides that all pleadings must be
filed with the Registry. Clearly, from both these rules, the statement of
claim must also be filed within the said 14 days. It seems to us that O 18 r 1
emphasises service because while filing and serving need not be on the same
day, service must still be effected within 14 days of appearance having been
entered.

14 Next, O 19 r 1 provides that where the plaintiff fails to so serve his
statement of claim, the defendant may apply to court to have the action
dismissed. However, the defendant is not compelled to make the application.
The option is his. No such application was made by the defendants in the
present case.

15 While there is nothing in the ROC which provides that a step or proceeding
which ought to be taken within a prescribed time may not be taken thereafter,
quite clearly the proper procedure would have been for that party to apply to
court for an extension of time to take that step or proceeding pursuant to O 3
r 4. The question that arises is whether a step taken out of time, and without
leave, is a nullity or is only an irregularity. Counsel for the defendants did
not contend that the filing of the statement of claim and its service on the
defendants on 18 March 2003 were nullities. We think he is correct to regard
the statement of claim served on the defendants as an irregularity and this is
explicitly recognised in O 2 r 1(1) which reads:

_Where_ , in beginning or purporting to begin any proceedings or _at any stage
in the course of_ or in connection with _any proceedings_ , there _has, by
reason of anything done or left undone, been a failure to comply with the
requirements of these Rules_ , whether _in respect of time_ , place, manner,
form or content or in any other respect, _the failure shall be treated as an
irregularity and shall not nullify the proceedings_ , any step taken in the
proceedings, or any document, judgment or order therein. [emphasis added]

16 The failure as regards the statement of claim, filed and served by the
plaintiffs on the defendants on 18 March 2003, was in respect of time. Thus,
pursuant to O 2 r 1(1), the step taken by the plaintiffs is accordingly only
an irregularity, not a nullity.

17 It is common ground between the parties that what we are concerned with is
whether the irregular filing and/or service of the statement of claim on 18
March 2003 is a “step” within the meaning of O 21 r 2(6). Neither O 21 r 2(6),
nor any other rule in the ROC, defines this term. Some of the difficulties
relating to the words “step” and “proceeding” are raised in the article
entitled “Automatic Discontinuance under Order 21 Rule 2 – First Dormant, Then
Dead …” by Ms Lim Hui Min, published at (2001) 13 SAcLJ 150. While there may
be difficulties in determining whether some acts would constitute “steps” or
“proceedings” within the meaning of O 21 r 2(6), there can be no doubt that
the filing of a statement of claim with the Registry is a “step” as it is
clearly an act to move the action forward towards resolution.

18 The thrust of the defendants’ argument here is that an irregular step
should not be regarded as a “step” within the meaning of O 21 r 2(6). In this
connection, references were made by counsel for the defendants to various
policy statements made by the Minister for Law and the Chief Justice (in non-
judicial contexts) in relation to the object of the scheme under the rule. The
defendants averred that the court should not readily accept arguments which
would have the effect of diluting the draconian effect of O 21 r 2(6). It was
submitted that O 2 r 1 does not elevate an irregular “step” to the level of a
proper and regular step.

19 At this juncture, it may be expedient to look at the manner in which the
ROC deal with an irregularity. Order 2 r 1(2) reads:

Subject to paragraph (3), _the Court may_ , on the ground that there has been
such a failure as is mentioned in paragraph (1), and on such terms as to costs
or otherwise as it thinks just, _set aside_ either wholly or in part the
proceedings in which the failure occurred, _any step taken in those
proceedings_ or any document, judgment or order therein or _exercise its
powers under these Rules to allow such amendments (if any) to be made and to
make such order (if any) dealing with the proceedings generally as it thinks
fit._ [emphasis added]

20 The combined effect of O 2 r 1(1) and r 1(2) is that a step or proceeding,
though taken out of time, is to be treated as regular unless set aside. There
is effectively a presumption of validity in favour of the irregular step. As
was held in _Metroinvest Ansalt v Commercial Union Assurance Co Ltd_ [1985] 1
WLR 513 (“ _Metroinvest Ansalt_ ”), an irregular order or proceeding continues
to operate until it is successfully set aside. The initiative to have the
irregular step set aside must be taken by the other party. Until that is done,
and an order to the contrary is made by the court, the step or proceeding
taken is valid. Thus, it follows that with the statement of claim being filed
and served by the plaintiffs on the defendants on 18 March 2003, the period of
one year prescribed by O 21 r 2(6) ceased to run as from that date. While it
is true that the period 20 March 2002 to 18 March 2003 is just two days short
of a year, the fact remains that the prescribed condition is not satisfied and
so O 21 r 2(6) is not triggered. For the reasons alluded to later, an
irregular step, unless and until it is set aside, is nevertheless a “step” for
the purposes of O 21 r 2(6).

21 Before we turn to address the next issue, we ought to touch on another
point canvassed by the parties. It would be recalled that O 18 r 1 lays down
that service of the statement of claim must be effected within 14 days of
appearance having been entered by the defendant. Order 21 r 2(6) refers to
“any step or proceeding in the action … that appears from records maintained
by the Court”. In a fact situation like the present, where the filing and
service of the statement of claim both occurred on the same day, it does not
really matter whether it is the filing or the service of the statement of
claim which is the “step” for the purposes of O 21 r 2(6). However, where the
“filing” and “service” were not carried out on the same day, the consequences
could be different, depending on whether it was the “filing” or “service”
which constituted a step for the purposes of O 21 r 2(6).

22 Counsel for the defendants argued that the “filing” of a statement of claim
could not be a “step” within the meaning of O 21 r 2(6). This was because a
filing of the statement of claim _per se_ , without service on the other
party, would not move the case forward. And if “filing” alone sufficed to
constitute a “step”, then the plaintiff could simply file without serving it
on the defendant, thus buying himself another 12 months to procrastinate.
Thus, the object of O 21 r 2(6) could all too easily be circumvented.

23 On the other hand, there is the judgment of Prakash J in _Moguntia-Est
Epices SA v Sea-Hawk Freight Pte Ltd_ [2003] 4 SLR 429, where she appears to
have held that it was the “filing” and not the “service” which ought to be
reckoned with. This was because the “service” of a writ (or in the present
case, of a statement of claim) would not be “recorded in the court’s record”
and O 21 r 2(6) expressly provided that the “step” for the purposes of the
rule should appear from the “records maintained by the Court”.

24 While we appreciate the force of the argument of the defendants, we cannot
ignore the explicit words of O 21 r 2(6) that the “step” must be one which
appears from the records maintained by the court. Thus, we endorse the views
expressed by Prakash J in _Moguntia-Est Epices_. Moreover, we think the
argument that this interpretation would give rise to abuse is probably a
little exaggerated. In our opinion, the cause for concern is more apparent
than real. Take the example given by counsel for the defendants, of a
plaintiff who, having filed his statement of claim, delayed serving it. In
this situation, if the defendant were vigilant, as he should be, he would,
upon the expiry of the 12-month period, have taken up with the plaintiff that
the action had already been deemed discontinued under O 21 r 2(6) since he
would have been unaware of the mere filing of the statement of claim. At that
point, everything would have come to light and the plaintiff would have had to
apply to court to obtain leave to serve the statement of claim out of time and
he would have had to adequately explain why the pleading was not served at the
time it was filed. If it appeared to the court that the filing without service
was just a ploy to buy more time, the court would be entitled to refuse leave
to serve the pleading out of time and to also strike out the pleadings already
filed. The court has sufficient arsenal to deal with a party who abuses its
process. We seriously doubt there would be many litigants who would
deliberately take such a risk and put the court’s patience to the test.

**Exercise of discretion to regularise the service**

25 We have, in [19] above, quoted O 2 r 1(2) which sets out the power of the
court to deal with an irregular step. The rule does not prescribe the
parameters as to how, or the circumstances under which, the discretion should
be exercised. When the English equivalent of our O 2 r 1 was first introduced
in England, Lord Denning MR said in _Harkness v Bell’s Asbestos and
Engineering Ltd_ [1967] 2 QB 729 at 735:

This new rule does away with the old distinction between nullities and
irregularities. Every omission or mistake in practice or procedure is
henceforward to be regarded as an irregularity which the court can and should
rectify so long as it can do so without injustice.

26 In _Metroinvest Anstalt_ , Cumming-Bruce LJ, in commenting on how the court
should exercise its powers under O 2 r 1 (2), said (at 521) :

I would say that in most cases the way in which the court exercises its powers
under Ord 2 r 1(2) is likely to depend upon whether it appears that the
opposite party has suffered prejudice as a direct consequence of the
particular irregularity, that is to say, the particular failure to comply with
the rules. But I would construe Ord 2 r 1(2) as being so framed as to give the
court the widest possible power in order to do justice.

27 This view of Cumming-Bruce LJ was endorsed by a later Court of Appeal
decision in _The Goldean Mariner_ [1990] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 215. Of course, we
should remind ourselves of the caution uttered by Lloyd LJ in _The Goldean
Mariner_ (at 219) that:

[T]hough prejudice is always a factor to be taken into account, absence of
prejudice is by no means conclusive in favour of the plaintiffs: see _Leal v
Dunlop Bio-Processes_ , where Lord Justice Stephenson said that though the
defendants had suffered no prejudice, nevertheless the mistake was not an
irregularity fit to be cured under O 2, r 1; see also _Metroinvest Ansalt v
Commercial Union Assurance Co Ltd,_ [1985] 1 WLR 513 at p 521, where Lord
Justice Cumming-Bruce said that the discretion to set aside proceedings is not
confined to cases where the defendant has suffered prejudice, although that
will usually be so.

28 In _The Goldean Mariner,_ some of the defendants were served with copies of
the writ which were intended for different defendants, although each of the
defendants so served was in fact named as a defendant. The English Court of
Appeal, reversing the first instance judge, treated the defective service as
an irregularity and did not set it aside. With respect to another defendant
who was served with only a form of acknowledgment of service, again, the court
(on this point by majority) refused to set aside the service. The rationale
for the court’s decision was that there was no real prejudice to the
defendants.

29 Ang J quite rightly indicated that the issue here revolved round the
question of whether the time for service of the statement of claim should be
extended. She recognised that in each case, the tension was between the
efficient administration of justice on the one hand and the effect the
granting of relief would have on the parties on the other hand, but always
bearing in mind that the paramount consideration was to ensure that justice
was done between the parties. In coming to her conclusion that the plaintiffs
were not sleeping on their claim, the judge alluded to the following
circumstances (at [12]):

The plaintiffs filed on 26 May 2003 an affidavit deposed by Matthew Robinson,
a case handler with W K Webster Co Ltd who are claims recovery agents for the
plaintiffs, to explain why it took the plaintiffs 11 months to serve the
statement of claim. Mr Robinson explained that it was not unusual for parties
to agree to solve the salvage claim before the main cargo claim. A protective
writ was issued since the defendants refused their request to extend suit
time. The salvage claim took some time to resolve. The salvors had problems
getting up their claim. The salvors took their first step towards arbitration
in October 2002. The arbitration fixed for hearing on 3 February 2003 was
adjourned by consent to 7 February 2003. Eventually, the arbitration in London
involving the bills of lading in this action was settled amongst the
defendants as shipowners, salvors and the plaintiffs as cargo interests on 17
February 2003. After that, instructions were given to the lawyers in Singapore
to prepare the statement of claim. It was served without thinking of obtaining
leave of court or consent of the defendants under O 3 r 4(3).

30 As we have cited, in [7] above, Ang J also did not think that the irregular
service caused any prejudice to the defendants. On the other hand, she felt
that to refuse relief in the present case would be a disproportionately harsh
response to the plaintiffs’ failure to file and serve the statement of claim
in a timely manner, as the plaintiffs would be forever precluded from pursuing
their claim.

31 The defendants took issue with the judge’s finding that the plaintiffs
always had the intention to pursue their claim. They questioned how it could
reasonably be found that there was such an intention where the other party did
nothing for almost one whole year. What we find to be significant is the fact
that, as soon as the arbitration proceedings were finally concluded in London,
the plaintiffs forthwith filed and served their statement of claim. This
corroborated their assertion that they were waiting for the final
quantification so that the appropriate sum could be included in the statement
of claim. Of course, they need not have waited. The fact is that, rightly or
wrongly, they did. So, we do not accept the defendants’ argument that the
judge was wrong to have found that the plaintiffs had, at all times, the
intention to pursue the action.

32 The defendants next contended that the approach adopted by the judge is out
of sync with the modern thinking on court administration. They relied, in
particular, on the following passage of Lord Woolf MR in _Arbuthnot Latham
Bank Ltd v Trafalgar Holdings Ltd_ [1998] 2 All ER 181 at 191:

In _Birkett v James_ [[1978] AC 297] the consequence to other litigants and to
the courts of inordinate delay was not a consideration which was in issue.
From now on it is going to be a consideration of increasing significance.
Litigants and their legal advisers, must therefore recognise that any delay
which occurs from now on will be assessed not only from the point of view of
the prejudice caused to the particular litigants whose case it is, but also in
relation to the effect it can have on other litigants who are wishing to have
their cases heard and the prejudice which is caused to the due administration
of civil justice. The existing rules do contain time limits which are designed
to achieve the disposal of litigation within a reasonable time scale. Those
rules should be observed.

33 They submitted that the court, in exercising its discretion to extend time,
should look beyond the issue as to whether the other party would suffer any
prejudice as a result of any extension to be granted.

34 There is no one test or criterion which can be decisive in answering the
question of whether an extension of time should be granted. It will always be
a balancing exercise involving a consideration of all relevant factors such as
the nature of the act which was not fulfilled, the reason for the failure, the
prejudice which an extension will cause and any other extenuating
circumstances. If observing timelines is all important, from which there can
be no deviation, the rules of court would not have provided for the
possibility of the court granting an extension of time. In _The Mortgage
Corporation Ltd v Sandoes_ (1996) 141 SJ LB 30, the English Court of Appeal
recognised the principle that the plaintiff should not ordinarily be denied an
adjudication of his claim on its merits merely because of a procedural
default, unless the default causes prejudice to the opposing party for which
an award of costs is not adequate to compensate that party. However, it also
recognised that this rule should not be applied rigidly. Otherwise, it would
mean that a well-to-do plaintiff could flout the rules with impunity. Thus,
the ultimate decision would depend on all the circumstances of the case. The
facts must be sufficient to persuade the court that granting indulgence in
favour of the party in default would not be out of place.

35 The defendants submitted that, in this case, there was a very blatant
disregard by the plaintiffs of the timelines. They emphasised that they did
not, in any way, induce the plaintiffs into not complying with the ROC. The
fault was entirely that of the plaintiffs and the defendants could not be said
to be seeking a tactical advantage from the failure of the plaintiffs to
comply with the timelines.

36 While it cannot be denied that the plaintiffs were late by almost 11 and a
half months in filing and serving the statement of claim, we also share Ang
J’s view that the delay was not because the plaintiffs had no serious
intention to pursue the action. The plaintiffs and the defendants were both,
together with the salvors, actively involved in the arbitration proceedings in
London to determine the amount due to the salvors which, in turn, would have a
direct bearing on what the plaintiffs were entitled to claim against the
defendants. Even if the plaintiffs were to have filed a holding statement of
claim in time in order to comply with the rules, it would probably not have
been expedient for the action to proceed further before the arbitration was
concluded. Thus, there would, in any case, have been a delay in bringing the
action to trial. Of course, the correct thing which the plaintiffs should have
done would have been to file an application to court to ask for an extension
of time to file the statement of claim, before the time expired. They did not
do that.

37 Even under the present rule of case management, it does not follow that
every non-compliance should necessarily lead to the striking out of a claim or
a defence. As indicated before, the entire circumstances must be carefully
considered, including the nature of the step that should have been taken but
was not, the reason for the non-compliance, the likelihood of prejudice to the
other party, its effect on the due administration of justice and any other
extenuating circumstances. A plaintiff should, except for sufficient grounds,
have his claim adjudicated upon by the court on its merits and not be defeated
by some non-compliance with procedural requirements. On the other hand, the
situation involving the filing of a notice of appeal out of time should be
distinguished: see _The Tokai Maru_ [1998] 3 SLR 105 at [20] and [23]. Where a
notice of appeal is involved, there is already an adjudication by the court
and if a losing party is dissatisfied, he should file his notice of appeal
within the prescribed time. The paramount consideration there is the need for
finality.

38 For all the aforesaid reasons, we do not think the judge was in error in
exercising her discretion to grant an extension of time and to regularise an
otherwise defective service.

39 In the premises, we would dismiss the appeal with costs and with the usual
consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jun 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

