Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Chai Choon Yong v Central Provident Fund Board and Others  
[2004] SGHC 65

Case Number | : | OS 173/2003/G  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 31 March 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Belinda Ang Saw Ean J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Chee Kiong (Seah Ong and Partners) for plaintiff; Andy Chiok (Michael Khoo and Partners) for first defendant; Chia Ti Lik (Chia Ngee Thuang and Co) for second defendant; Kamala Ponnampalam (Insolvency and Public Trustee's Office) for third defendant   
Parties | : |  Chai Choon Yong — Central Provident Fund Board; Lai Weng Kwong; The Public Trustee   
  
Provident Fund – Beneficiary – Nomination – Failure to make nomination –
Whether Public Trustee should dispose of CPF money in accordance with
Intestate Succession Act or tesator's will – s 25(2) Central Provident Fund
Act (Cap 36, 2001 Rev Ed) – Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Provident Fund – Beneficiary – Nomination – Non-compliance with rules of
attestation – Whether nomination null and void – Section 25(1) Central
Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 2001 Rev Ed), r 4 Central Provident Fund
(Nominations) Rules (Cap 36, R 1, 1998 Rev Ed)  
  
Provident Fund – Beneficiary – Nomination – Whether mother had standing to
challenge daughter's CPF nomination  
  
Succession and Wills – Power of disposition by will – Whether testator could
dispose of CPF moneys in will – Whether CPF money payable to sole beneficiary
under will if CPF nomination invalid  
  
Words and Phrases – "Shall" – Use of the word "shall" in legislation -Test to
be applied – Rule 4 Central Provident Fund (Nominations) Rules (Cap 36, R 1,
1998 Rev Ed)  
  
Words and Phrases – "Written law" – Whether reference to "written law" in s
25(2) Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36) includes Wills Act (Cap 352) –
Section 25(2) Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 2001 Rev Ed), Wills Act (Cap
352, 1996 Rev Ed)  
  

31 March 2004

Belinda Ang Saw Ean J:

1 This originating summons concerns some moneys standing to the credit of the
account of a deceased member, Wang Lee Jun (“Wang”) in the Central Provident
Fund (“the CPF Money”). The plaintiff, Chai Choon Yong, is Wang’s mother and
she seeks an order to declare as null and void Wang’s Central Provident Fund
(“CPF”) nomination dated 2 August 1988.

2 Wang, a spinster, died testate on 15 April 2001. It is common ground that in
her last will and testament dated 2 December 1996, she appointed the second
defendant, Lai Weng Kwong (“Lai”), executor of her will. Probate was granted
to Lai on 9 November 2001. It is also common ground that Lai is the sole
beneficiary under her will. In her lifetime, Wang had on 2 August 1988
nominated Lai as recipient of the CPF Money.

3 Although the nomination was made on 2 August 1988, the parties proceeded on
the basis that the current legislation, that is, ss 25(1) and 25(2) of the
Central Provident Fund Act (Cap 36, 2001 Rev Ed) (“CPF Act”) and r 4 of the
Central Provident Fund (Nominations) Rules (Cap 36, R 1, 1998 Rev Ed) (“the
Rules”) apply, as these provisions in the CPF Act and the Rules are
substantially the same as those as at 2 August 1988.

4 The plaintiff’s counsel, Mr Tan Chee Kiong, challenges the validity of the
nomination of Lai on the ground that the nomination did not comply with s
25(1) of the CPF Act read with r 4 of the Rules in that Wang’s signature was
not witnessed in the presence of two witnesses. Neither did the witnesses sign
the nomination form in each other’s presence. Consequently, there was no
nomination subsisting at the time of the member’s death. Thus, by virtue of s
25(2) of the CPF Act, the CPF Money is to be paid to the Public Trustee for
disposal in accordance with the Intestate Succession Act (Cap 146, 1985 Rev
Ed). Since Wang died a spinster and her mother survived her, the plaintiff is
entitled to a distribution of the CPF Money.

5 Lai opposes the originating summons. His counsel, Mr Chia Ti Lik, argues for
the validity of the nomination. Even if the nomination were invalid, so the
alternative argument runs, the CPF Money is payable to Lai as sole beneficiary
under the will. And contrary to the plaintiff’s contention, if a member died
testate without making a nomination under the CPF Act, the CPF Money would be
paid to the Public Trustee for disposal in accordance with Wang’s will and not
the Intestate Succession Act. Mr Chia argues that reference to “written law”
in s 25(2) of the CPF Act includes the Wills Act (Cap 352, 1996 Rev Ed).

6 The Central Provident Fund Board (“the Board”) is sued as first defendant.
The Board’s position as put forward by its counsel, Mr Andy Chiok, is that
there is a subsisting nomination at the time of Wang’s death and, hence, the
Board is obliged to make payment of the CPF Money to Lai as nominee.

7 It is not disputed that the Board received Wang’s nomination form in August
1988. Upon receipt of the nomination form, the Board sent Wang a “NOM 22”
letter. In that letter, Wang was asked to consider including in her nomination
form her dependants or next-of-kin. It was the Board’s practice back then, and
even now, to send such a letter when a member nominates a non-family member.
Wang replied on 22 September 1988 to confirm the nomination of Lai as the sole
nominee. The Board received her letter on 24 September 1988. Upon receipt of
Wang’s written confirmation, Alice Tan Lee Hua, the CPF officer handling the
file, spoke to Wang. She explained the implications of Wang’s nomination.
Essentially, Wang understood what she was doing and the effect of her
decision. Alice Tan made a contemporaneous note of the conversation on Wang’s
letter.

8 The third defendant is the Public Trustee whose involvement in the
proceedings is for the sole purpose of making representations, if any, on the
Public Trustee’s position on such matters in general.

**The issues**

9 An issue before me is whether in a situation where Wang died testate leaving
her residuary estate to the second defendant, the plaintiff has, as a matter
of law, an interest in the CPF Money to enable the latter to challenge the
nomination dated 2 August 1988. If the answer is no, the parties agree that
the second defendant is entitled to the CPF Money. On the other hand, if the
answer is yes, a second question that arises for determination is whether a
nomination subsisted at the time of death.

**_Section 25(2) of the CPF Act_**

10 In dealing with the first issue, it is necessary to consider what is meant
by the words “for disposal in accordance with any written law” in s 25(2) of
the CPF Act. In the context of this case, would Lai, as sole beneficiary of
Wang’s estate under her will, have a free-standing right to the CPF Money? It
is convenient to begin by setting out the relevant provisions of the CPF Act.

15(5) After the death of a member of the Fund, a person nominated by that
member in accordance with section 25(1) shall be entitled to withdraw such
portion of the sum standing to the credit of that member in the Fund as is set
out in the memorandum executed in accordance with that section.

24(3A) All moneys paid out of the Fund on the death of any member of the Fund
shall be deemed to be impressed with a trust in favour of —

(a) the person or persons nominated under section 25(1) by the deceased
member, if any; or

(b) the person or persons determined by the Public Trustee in accordance with
section 25(2) to be entitled thereto,

but shall, without prejudice to the operation of the Estate Duty Act (Cap 96),
be deemed not to form part of the deceased member’s estate or to be subject to
his debts.

25.—(1) Any member of the Fund may by a memorandum executed in the prescribed
manner nominate a person or persons to receive in his or their own right such
portions of the amount payable on his death out of the Fund under section 20
(1) or of any shares designated under section 26(1) as the memorandum shall
indicate.

(2) If, at the time of the death of a member of the Fund, there is no person
nominated under subsection (1), the total amount payable out of the Fund shall
be paid to the Public Trustee for disposal in accordance with any written law
for the time being in force.

11 In _Saniah bte Ali v Abdullah bin Ali_ [1990] SLR 584, the CPF member died
intestate. During his lifetime, he nominated his stepsister to receive in her
own right the entire amount in his account with the CPF payable on his death.
Upon his death, the stepsister withdrew the money and that amount under s
23(3) (now s 24(3A) of the CPF Act) was deemed to be impressed with a trust in
her favour. However, the deceased’s brother under Muslim law would be entitled
to the whole estate of the deceased. The question before L P Thean J (as he
then was) was whether the nominee’s right to the CPF money was subject to the
law governing succession to a deceased’s estate, and in that particular case,
Muslim law under s 112(1) of the Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap 3, 1985
Rev Ed). His Honour, in ruling in favour of the stepsister, said at 590, [11]:

I now come to s 24 [s 25 of the current CPF Act]. The intention of this
section is this. It is to enable a member of the Fund by an instrument to
nominate a person or persons to receive in his or their own right such
portions of the amount payable out of the Fund on his death as indicated in
the instrument and to give to such person or persons so nominated a right to
receive such amount or amounts. The instrument of nomination signed by a
member is not a will; nor does s 24 say that it operates as a will.
Nonetheless, it is intended by that section to be an effective direction by a
member (until it is revoked or varied by him) to the CPF Board to pay to the
person or persons nominated by him moneys payable out of the Fund on his
death. It is also intended by that section that such person or persons receive
the moneys in his or their own right and not as trustee or in any other
representative capacity. The words “in his or their own right” appearing in s
24(1) are clear and effect must be given to them. Section 24(2) by implication
makes this point even clearer: it provides that if there is no person so
nominated, the moneys shall be paid to the Public Trustee for disposal in
accordance with the written law for the time being in force, and the written
law must mean the Act or enactment governing succession to the estate of the
deceased member. Certainly, the intention is that the moneys are to be paid to
a person or persons entitled to the same under sub-s (1) or failing that under
sub-s (2). This is reinforced by s 23(3) which expressly creates a trust on
such moneys in favour of such persons or persons and also expressly keeps the
moneys out of the estate of the member or from being subject to a payment of
any debt. _It seems to me that the general scheme of the CPF Act, and in
particular ss 23 and 24, is to treat a member’s moneys in the Fund as a
species of property separate and distinct from his other property and having
the following characteristics: it cannot be disposed of by a member by any
instrument inter vivos or by will; it can only be disposed of by an instrument
of nomination made by a member under s 24(1), which unless it is revoked or
varied, takes effect on his death; it is not subject to any levy,
sequestration or attachment or payment of any debt of the member; it does not
pass to the Official Assignee upon the bankruptcy of the member, and on his
death it does not form part of his estate; nor is it then subject to his
debts_. [emphasis added]

12 In that case, there was a valid nomination and the CPF money was paid out
accordingly. Whilst the issue in the present case is different, the outcome of
the issue before Thean J nevertheless turned on the construction of the then
ss 24 and 25 of the CPF Act. Mr Chiok for the Board said that under s 25(2) of
the CPF Act, the Public Trustee is to dispose of Wang’s CPF money in
accordance with the Intestate Succession Act. The plaintiff’s contention is
also the same. Both of them submit that the legal position is clear from the
decision of Thean J in _Saniah bte Ali v Abdullah bin Ali_. Ms Ponnampalam on
behalf of the Public Trustee confirmed that since that decision, CPF moneys
paid to the Public Trustee pursuant to s 25(2) of the CPF Act have been
distributed in accordance with our rules of intestacy. She submits that the
Public Trustee is not empowered to make a distribution under a will. If the
member makes a nomination, the CPF money will be paid out according to his
wishes. If a member fails to make a nomination, he cannot be allowed to choose
his beneficiary of the CPF money through a will and circumvent the
requirements of the CPF Act on nomination.

13 The judgment of the Court of Appeal in _Central Provident Fund Board v Lau
Eng Mui_ [1995] 3 SLR 109 was delivered by his Honour as Judge of Appeal. His
Honour’s earlier analysis of the special nature of CPF money with the
characteristics stated in the passage I have emphasised above were referred to
without demur in the judgment.

14 In _Saniah bte Ali v Abdullah bin Ali_ , the words “in accordance with
written law in force” in s 24(2) (now s 25(2) of the CPF Act) were construed
to mean “the Act or enactment governing succession to the estate of the
deceased member”. Thean J’s construction of the subsection appears to be
substantially identical to the provision the construction of which is at issue
in the instant case. That construction, which must have taken into account the
definition of “written law” in s 2 of the Interpretation Act (Cap 1), rightly
excludes a testamentary disposition of any CPF money by a will executed in
compliance with the requirements of the Wills Act. Incidentally, I had in _Lim
Boon Ming v Tiang Choo Yong_ [2002] 2 SLR 183 pointed out that a CPF
nomination is separate and distinct from a testamentary disposition of the
residue of a member’s estate.

15 It is clear that the CPF Act restricts a testator’s freedom of testamentary
disposition where CPF money is concerned, and the testator’s will is,
therefore, subject to the potential effect of that statutory restriction. The
effect of the legislative restriction on freedom of testamentary disposition
cannot be avoided by a promise to make certain dispositions of CPF money. A
construction of the CPF Act that permits a testator to nullify its operation
by agreeing in advance to dispose of his CPF money in a will or in a certain
fashion outside the provision of the CPF Act would defeat the purpose of the
legislation.

16 Significantly, CPF money can only be disposed of through a nomination by
the member (see s 25(1) of CPF Act). The CPF Act enables a member during his
lifetime to nominate another to receive on his death a particular sum of money
standing to the credit of his account in the CPF, with the result that the sum
will not pass under his will. The power given by the CPF Act to a member to
nominate a person to whom his property in the CPF will be transferred on his
death is a revocable power. It is revocable in the way provided by the CPF Act
or the Rules; for instance, by the marriage of the member or by written notice
to the CPF Board. Until death, the CPF money is that of the member. The
nomination has no operation and is not intended to have any operation until
the death of the member. Whether or not it then operates depends upon whether
or not the member has during his lifetime either revoked it or withdrawn the
money in some other way authorised by the CPF Act. Another illustration is
where a proprietary order under s 106 of the Women’s Charter (Cap 353, 1997
Rev Ed) is given to the spouse of the member in respect of a portion of the
money in the member’s CPF account. A proprietary order takes effect
straightaway and consequently the amount apportioned to the spouse can no
longer be said to be standing to the credit of the member’s account (see
_Central Provident Fund Board v Lau Eng Mui_). A nominee would have no right
to complain of, nor could he take any steps to prevent, the member making
authorised withdrawals during the member’s lifetime. In the case of a
nomination under the statute, the CPF money forms no part of the member’s
estate but passes directly to the nominee by force of the nomination made
under the statute. The CPF money would not come to the deceased and then pass
on from him: it would go directly from the CPF fund to the nominee. Upon
payment out, the money is impressed with a trust so that it forms no part of
the estate of the deceased nor is subject to his debts. Other than that, the
CPF money is still subject, in a proper case, to payment of estate duty (see s
24(3A) of CPF Act).

17 A testator can only make a testamentary disposition of assets of which he
dies possessed (see s 3 of the Wills Act). In other words, a testamentary
disposition can only be made out of property which is beneficially owned by
the deceased at the time of death and which passes to the deceased’s legal
personal representative. CPF money is outside this equation. I have already
explained that where there is a nomination of CPF money, it will not pass to
the legal personal representative. Furthermore, I agree with Mr Tan’s argument
that there is no separate and independent statutory provision in the Wills Act
that operates and takes effect as a testamentary disposition of the deceased.
A beneficiary’s entitlement to claim a benefit is by reason of the deceased’s
testamentary disposition that is in compliance with the requirements of the
Wills Act. Where the will fails to comply with the Wills Act, it is invalid
and the testator dies intestate. A will that is properly executed in
accordance with the Wills Act is hardly an “enactment governing succession to
the estate of the deceased member”.

18 Unless and in so far as CPF money is disposed of by nomination, it will be
paid out to the Public Trustee for distribution to those entitled under the
Intestate Succession Act or in the case of Muslims, in accordance with Muslim
law by virtue of s 112 of the Administration of Muslim Law Act (Cap 3, 1999
Rev Ed). In the latter case, the Public Trustee will make payment in
accordance with the Certificate of Inheritance issued by the Syariah Court.

19 For these reasons, I conclude that the CPF Money payable on death of the
member operates by force of the provisions of the CPF Act and not as a
testamentary disposition under Wang’s will. Accordingly, the plaintiff as
Wang’s surviving parent has an interest in the CPF Money. She therefore has
_locus standi_ to bring these proceedings to challenge Wang’s nomination dated
2 August 1988.

**_Nomination dated 2 August 1988_**

20 I now turn to the question whether a nomination subsisted at the time of
the member’s death. On its face, the nomination was in a form provided by the
Board that identified the nominee and was signed by Wang and two witnesses. I
have to consider whether the presumption of due execution is rebutted. If the
presumption of due execution is rebutted, would the nomination fail because it
did not satisfy the prescribed rule on nomination?

21 The mainstay of the plaintiff’s case is s 25(1) of the CPF Act read with r
4 of the Rules. Rule 4 reads:

Every nomination shall be made in Form A, IA, 2A or 3A set out in the Schedule
and shall be signed by the member in the presence of 2 witnesses who shall
attest the signature of the member.

22 Yeo Chow Wah (“Yeo”) is Wang’s sister-in-law and Wong Jee Koh alias Wee Jee
Koh (“WJK”) is her brother. The witnesses are giving evidence on a matter that
happened some 14 years ago. I am equally mindful that they are people who may
benefit directly or indirectly from a failed nomination. Their evidence is to
be viewed with caution, and is not generally accepted without corroboration.

23 The statutory declarations of Yeo and WJK are by and large identical. The
plaintiff’s son, Wong Jee San, in his letter dated 8 July 2002 to the Board
said that the witnesses signed the form in the belief that the plaintiff was
named as nominee. In that case, the witnesses were aware at the time that Wang
had handed to them a CPF nomination form. It was already signed but they did
not see Wang’s signature or the name of the nominee as she had folded the form
to cover her signature and the name of the nominee. In my judgment, the
plaintiff has not rebutted the presumption. I have doubts as to the veracity
of the allegation that the form was folded to cover Wang’s signature. It is
difficult to see from the photocopy of the nomination form, which is exhibited
in Alice Tan’s affidavit, how the form could have been folded in the manner
described, especially as Yeo’s signature had encroached into the place for the
member to sign. In addition, WJK claimed to have signed the form after Yeo. It
was not explained why Yeo signed at the place meant for the second witness and
WJK signed at the place meant for the first witness when ordinarily it would
have been the other way around following the usual order or sequence of
events. Both witnesses also claimed that Wang folded the form to cover up the
name of the nominee. The witnesses were required to sign under Section A of
the nomination form. Alice Tan in her affidavit explained that the name of the
nominee was in Section B of the nomination form found on the reverse page. Why
was then the need to fold the nomination form? In these circumstances, the
court is chary of their evidence. In my judgment, there is no clear and cogent
evidence of non-compliance with the rule of attestation to be observed.

24 Even if I had come to the opposite view that the presumption has been
rebutted, that conclusion would not have assisted the plaintiff. It is
important to keep in mind the precise nature of a nomination under the CPF Act
and that it is not a testamentary disposition requiring attestation in
accordance with the statutory requirements for the execution of a will,
failing which the will is invalid. Unlike in the case of a will, no specific
consequence is stated. Generally, by s 58 of the CPF Act, non-compliance with
any regulations or rules made under the CPF Act is at most an offence that
could attract a fine under s 61. A penalty of a fine, being of a personal
nature, must obviously not apply in the case of a deceased member. If any
penalty is to be imposed on the estate, it must be explicitly stated in the
enactment. In my view, it is not the intention of Parliament that the same
dire consequences of invalidity of the nomination should flow from non-
compliance with s 25(1) of the Act read with r 4.

25 The word “shall” is used in r 4 of the Central Provident Fund (Nominations)
Rules and it tends to show that something is required to be done. Often, one
looks at whether the language used by the draftsman is mandatory or directory.
Lord Woolf MR in _Regina v Secretary of State for the Home Department, Ex
parte Jeyeanthan_ [2000] 1 WLR 354 explained that the mandatory or directory
test is at most a first step. A conventional approach that is solely dependent
on dividing requirements into either mandatory or directory does not address
the important question of what the legislator intended to be the consequence
of non-compliance of the procedural rules. Such a conventional approach could
lead to unjust and unintended consequences where there has been non-compliance
with procedural requirements. To avoid such consequences, Lord Woolf MR
formulated the following questions at 362:

1. Is the statutory requirement fulfilled if there has been substantial compliance with the requirement and, if so, has there been substantial compliance in the case in issue even though there has not been strict compliance? …

2. Is the non-compliance capable of being waived, and if so, has it, or can it and should it be waived in this particular case? …

3. If it is not capable of being waived or is not waived then what is the consequence of the non-compliance? …

26 A CPF nomination is a unilateral instrument. It has no immediate effect and
only the consent of the person signing such unilateral writing matters.
Consent of the others will not arise. In my view, I am concerned with (and
that is what r 4 is about as well) the intention of the deceased member.

27 Rule 4 is purely a procedural requirement. It is a procedural requirement
introduced for the benefit of the Board. The Board explained in its letter
dated 9 September 2002 the rationale for the nomination form to be witnessed
by two witnesses. It is to enable the Board to verify the authenticity of the
nomination, if required. In this particular case, the Board can be left in no
doubt of Wang’s intention and who she intended to be the nominee. I would add
that Wang in all those years never sought to revoke her nomination. Her
conduct is consistent with the August 1988 nomination form, her letter dated
22 September 1988 and her subsequent conversation with Alice Tan. I,
therefore, accept Mr Chiok’s submission that r 4 is a procedural requirement
that can be waived for it is imposed for the benefit of the Board alone (see
generally _Halsbury’s Laws of England_ , vol 44(1) (4th Ed reissue, 1995) at
para 1238) and in this particular case, it should be waived by the Board.

28 In my judgment, the court should look to the substance rather than form.
The member intended the nomination to take effect by her signature. Wang’s
brother and sister-in-law admitted to having signed the form as witnesses to
the nomination and by their conduct intended Wang to make use of the
nomination form and for the Board to give effect to it. I am satisfied that
the witnesses signed on the form for the purpose of attesting Wang’s
signature. I would mention that unlike Form 3A, which expressly states that
the form is to be signed in the presence of two witnesses, the form in use in
1988 was not so clear. Adopting Lord Woolf’s approach, there is on the
evidence before me sufficient substantial compliance with the requirements of
the rule.

29 In my judgment, there was at the time of the member’s death a valid and
subsisting nomination in favour of Lai. I accordingly dismissed the
originating summons with costs to all the defendants.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 31 Mar 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

