Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Civil Aeronautics Administration v Singapore Airlines Ltd  
[2004] SGCA 3

Case Number | : | CA 92/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 January 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Woo Bih Li J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Michael Hwang SC (instructed), Loo Choon Chiaw, Lim Tong Chuan and Goh Hui Nee (Loo and Partners) for appellant; Lok Vi Ming, Ng Hwee Chong and Joanna Foong (Rodyk and Davidson) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Civil Aeronautics Administration — Singapore Airlines Ltd   
  
International Law – Sovereign immunity – Entity not recognised by Singapore
government as state under State Immunity Act (Cap 313, 1985 Rev Ed) – Whether
entity has capacity to be sued in Singapore courts  
  
International Law – Sovereign immunity – Taiwanese civil aviation authority
applying to set aside third party proceedings, claiming immunity under the
State Immunity Act (Cap 313, 1985 Rev Ed) – Ministry of Foreign Affairs'
refusal to issue s 18 certificate under State Immunity Act – Whether court
competent to determine on other evidence if Taiwan is state within State
Immunity Act – Whether court may grant immunity on ground that Taiwan is
recognised de facto as a state – State Immunity Act (Cap 313, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
International Law – Sovereign immunity – Whether entity within scope of State
Immunity Act (Cap 313, 1985 Rev Ed) – Approach of courts where answers from
Ministry of Foreign Affairs unclear or Ministry of Foreign Affairs fails to
give an answer  
  

14 January 2004  _Judgment reserved._

Chao Hick Tin JA (delivering the judgment of the court):

**Background**

2 The circumstances giving rise to this appeal fall within a narrow compass.
On 31 October 2000, flight SQ 006, operated by Singapore Airlines (“SIA”), a
company incorporated in Singapore, crashed upon taking off, _en route_ to Los
Angeles, at the Taipei Chiang Kai Shek International Airport. Many passengers
either perished or were injured. A number of actions were instituted in
Singapore by either the injured passengers or their families (for those who
had perished). SIA joined CAA as a third party to those proceedings on the
ground that CAA is liable for contribution or indemnity because CAA, being the
authority in control of the facilities at the airport, was wholly or partly
responsible for the accident.

3 It is not in dispute that CAA is a department under the Ministry of
Transport and Communications of the government of Taiwan. Under the laws of
Taiwan, some of the functions of CAA are:

(a) planning, supervising and monitoring air traffic control;

(b) planning and construction of civil airports and navigation aids
facilities; and

(c) planning, coordinating and promoting the civil aviation information
systems.

4 CAA, upon service of the third party notice and after entering provisional
appearance, applied to set aside the third party notice on the ground that it
is a department of the government of Taiwan and as such is immune from the
jurisdiction of the Singapore courts pursuant to the Act. The application
first came before the assistant registrar who dismissed it. On appeal, Choo
Han Teck J affirmed the decision of the assistant registrar. Being
dissatisfied, CAA has appealed to this court.

**Statutory provisions**

5 The Act sets out the regime relating to state immunity and the relevant
provisions are the following:

3.—(1) A State is immune from the jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore
except as provided in the following provisions of this Part.

16.—(1) The immunities and privileges conferred by Part II apply to any
foreign or Commonwealth State other than Singapore; and references to a State
include references to —

(a) the sovereign or other head of that State in his public capacity;

(b) the government of that State; and

(c) any department of that government,

…

18\. A certificate by or on behalf of the Minister for Foreign Affairs shall
be conclusive evidence on any question —

(a) Whether any country is a State for the purposes of Part II, whether any
territory is a constituent territory of a federal State for those purposes or
as to the person or persons to be regarded for those purposes as the head or
government of a State; …

There is no definition of “State” in the Act.

**Communications with Foreign Affairs Ministry**

6 Clearly, it was on account of s 18(a), that both CAA and SIA wrote
separately to the Singapore Foreign Affairs Ministry (“MFA” or “the Ministry”
as may be appropriate) to ask for a certificate under that provision. In order
to better appreciate the sense of the reply from the Ministry, it is necessary
that we set out _in extenso_ the contents of the requesting letters. In CAA’s
solicitors’ letter of 30 May 2003, they wrote:

We have been instructed to request for a certificate under Section 18 of the
SI Act _certifying that Taiwan (the Republic of China) is a STATE for the
purpose of Part II of the SI Act_. In this connection and for your easy
reference, we enclose an extract of Section 18 of the SI Act. [emphasis
added].

7 This letter was followed by a second letter of 2 June 2003 from CAA’s
solicitors which reads:

Further to our letter of 30 May 2003 …

We confirm that we act for the Civil Aeronautics Administration (the “CAA”) of
the Ministry of Transportation and Communications (“MOTC”), Taiwan, the
Republic of China, relating to a claim by the Singapore Airline Limited
(“SIA”) against the CAA for indemnity and/or contribution in respect of the
legal proceedings between the families of the deceased passengers and SIA
arising from the SQ006 Air Accident occurred in Taipei on 31 October 2000.

We have been instructed by the CAA (and the MOTC) _to request for a
Certificate pursuant to Section 18_ of the SI Act _certifying that Taiwan_
(the Republic of China) _is a State for the purpose of Part II of the SI Act_
…

[emphasis added]

8 After several reminders, MFA eventually replied to CAA on 24 June 2003 as
follows:

Further to our interim reply of 5 June 2003 in response to your letter of 30
May 2003, I regret to inform you that we are unable to accede to your request
for a certificate pursuant to Section 18 of the State Immunity Act.

9 As regards the request made by SIA’s solicitors, the contents of their
letter dated 20 June 2003 are as follows:

We are representing Singapore Airlines in Third Party actions against the
Taiwan Civil Aeronautics Administration (CAA) … The CAA made an interlocutory
application to set aside the action on the basis that, as a department of the
Ministry of Transport and Communication of the Republic of China, it is immune
from the jurisdiction of Singapore courts pursuant to section 3 of the State
Immunity Act (Chapter 313) (“the Act”).

Under section 18 of the Act, a certificate by or on behalf of the Minister for
Foreign Affairs is necessary to conclusively indicate whether any country is a
“state” for the purposes of Part II of the Act. Enclosed herewith are extracts
of Part II and section 18 of the said Act for your easy reference.

In a similar application by CAA before the Canadian court, the Department of
Foreign Affairs and International Trade of Canada has informed our Canadian
counterparts that a certificate cannot be issued to establish that Taiwan is a
foreign state for the purpose of the Canadian State Immunity Act. A copy of
the Canadian State Immunity Act and the response from the Canadian Department
of Foreign Affairs and International Trade are also annexed for your
reference.

We would be required to appraise the Court at the hearing of the application
_whether your Ministry is prepared to issue a certificate confirming Taiwan_
(the Republic of China) _is indeed a state for the purposes of the State
Immunity Act._

[emphasis added]

10 The Ministry’s reply dated 24 June 2003 was brief and to the point,
stating:

I wish to inform you that we are unable to issue the certificate pursuant to
section 18 of the State Immunity Act.

11 From both sets of correspondence, it will be seen that the request was for
a certificate under s 18 stating that Taiwan is a State for the purposes of
the Act and the reply in each instance was specific to the request, namely,
that the Ministry was unable to issue the certificate requested for. To our
mind, the effect of the negative answer from the Ministry is clear, _ie_ ,
Taiwan is not a State for the purposes of the Act. If she is, the certificate
would have been issued by the Ministry. The Act does not lay down the form in
which the certificate should take. It could well take the form of a letter, as
in the present case. In each reply, the Ministry has made a statement.
Pursuant to s 18, the two replies by the Ministry to the parties are therefore
conclusive on the point in issue, that is, that Taiwan is not a State to which
the Act would apply. Thus, we agree with the judge who stated at [7] of his
judgment (see _Woo Anthony v Singapore Airlines Ltd_ [2003] 3 SLR 688) that:

[T]he application for a certificate under s 18 was made in very explicit terms
leaving the reader no doubt as to what was sought and why. The reply to that
application, couched in polite and diplomatic terms, was nonetheless equally
clear. It said “no” in effect. There is no ambiguity in the answer from the
Ministry of Foreign Affairs that the Republic of China is not a state, whether
_de facto_ or _de jure_ , for the purposes of the Act. No reasons were given
and none is required under the Act. There being no ambiguity, in my view,
there is therefore no need to proceed further, either to make a determination
on the court’s own accord, or to refer the matter back to the Ministry.

12 CAA argued that the reply was ambiguous. It said that if the Ministry had
intended its reply to have the meaning attributed to it by the judge, the
Ministry would have expressly stated that Taiwan is not a State for the
purposes of the Act. While we agree that the reply from the Ministry could
have been worded differently and in the way CAA suggested, the answer must be
viewed in the context of the request. When so viewed, the meaning is clear.
Nourse LJ observed in _GUR Corporation v Trust Bank of Africa Ltd and the
Government of the Republic of Ciskei_ [1986] 2 Lloyd’s Rep 451 at 464:

The rule that the judiciary and the executive must speak with one voice
presupposes that the judiciary can understand what the executive has said. …
[W]here there is a doubt, the judiciary must resolve it in the only way they
know, which is to look at the question and then construe the answer given. It
is not for the judiciary to criticize any obscurity in the expressions of the
executive, nor to enquire into their origins or policy. They must take them as
they stand.

13 We do not share the view that the answers indicated that the Ministry was
unable or unwilling to take a position. The Ministry was effectively saying
that it would not certify that Taiwan is a State for the purposes of the Act.
The only logical conclusion from that is that Taiwan is not a State within the
meaning of the Act. We do not see how it could be asserted that, in refusing
to issue a “positive” s 18 certificate, what MFA was saying was that the
matter was one for the court to decide.

14 The principle on sovereign immunity is based on mutual respect and
international comity which requires that every sovereign State should respect
the independence and dignity of every other sovereign State and should decline
to exercise by means of its courts, territorial jurisdiction over, for
example, the person of any sovereign and the public property of that
sovereign. A sovereign State could not be sued in the courts of another State
unless the former submits to the jurisdiction of the latter. Where, as in the
present case, the MFA says that Taiwan is not a State for the purposes of the
Act, the court should fall in line, no matter what its views are as to the
status of Taiwan under general principles of international law: see _Duff
Development Company, Limited v Government of Kelantan_ [1924] AC 797.

**Question within the exclusive province of the Executive**

15 The above should dispose of this appeal. However, even if one were to take
the view that the replies from the Ministry were ambiguous, it is not for the
court to embark on an independent examination of the evidence adduced to
determine whether Taiwan is a State for the purposes of the Act. The correct
approach would be for the court to revert to the Ministry for a more specific
answer. On a question such as this, which is a matter wholly within the
Executive’s domain, it is essential that the Judiciary does not act in a
manner inconsistent with the approach of the Executive. We recognise that
there are passages of Lord Sumner in _Duff Development_ , where the issue was
whether the State of Kelantan was a sovereign State, which suggested that the
court could do otherwise (at 824–825):

There may be occasions, when for reasons of State full, unconditional or
permanent recognition has not been accorded by the Crown, and the answer to
the question put has to be temporary if not temporising, or even where some
vaguer expression has to be used. In such cases not only has the Court to
collect the true meaning of the communication for itself, but also to consider
whether the statements as to sovereignty made in the communication and the
expressions “sovereign” or “independent” sovereign used in the legal rule mean
the same thing. Best CJ says in _Yrisarri v Clement_ that recognition is
conclusive, but, if there is no recognition yet given, the independence
becomes matter of proof. I conceive that, if the Crown declined to answer the
inquiry, as in changing and difficult times policy might require it to do, the
Court might be entitled to accept secondary evidence in default of the best,
subject, of course, to the presumption that, in the case of a new
organization, which has de facto broken away from an old State, still existing
and still recognized by His Majesty, the dominion of the old State remains
unimpaired until His Majesty is pleased to recognize the change.

16 However, the other Law Lords in the case did not go as far as Lord Sumner
had. On the contrary, it seems, Viscount Cave did not think that such
questions should be determined by the courts. He said (at 808):

But where such a question arises it is desirable that it should be determined,
not by the Courts, which must decide on legal principles only, but by the
Government of the country, which is entitled to have regard to all the
circumstances of the case. Indeed, the recognition or non-recognition by the
British Government of a State as a sovereign State has itself a close bearing
on the question whether it is to be regarded as sovereign in our Courts.

17 A similar judicial attitude was also demonstrated by Viscount Finlay (at
813):

It is settled law that it is for the Court to take judicial cognizance of the
status of any foreign Government. If there can be any doubt on the matter the
practice is for the Court to receive information from the appropriate
department of His Majesty’s Government, and the information so received is
conclusive. … It has long been settled that on any question of the status of
any foreign power the proper course is that the Court should apply to His
Majesty’s Government, and that in any such matter it is bound to act on the
information given to them through the proper department. Such information is
not in the nature of evidence; it is a statement by the Sovereign of this
country through one of his Ministers upon a matter which is peculiarly within
his cognizance.

A little later at 814, Viscount Finlay added,

We were asked to say that it is for the Court and for this House in its
judicial capacity to decide whether these restrictions were such that the
Sultan had ceased to be a sovereign. We have no power to enter into any such
inquiry.

18 It is of particular interest to note that in the later case of _Government
of the Republic of Spain v SS “Arantzazu Mendi” (The Arantzazu Mendi)_ [1939]
AC 256, the more expansive approach advocated by Lord Sumner in _Duff
Development_ was expressly disapproved of by the entire quorum of the House.
Lord Atkin, who delivered the leading judgment in the case, and with which the
other Law Lords agreed, said (at 263–264):

On the question whether the Nationalist Government of Spain was a foreign
sovereign State, Bucknill J took the correct course of directing a letter,
dated May 25, 1938, to be written by the Admiralty Registrar to the Secretary
of State for Foreign Affairs, asking whether the Nationalist Government of
Spain is recognized by His Majesty’s Government as a foreign sovereign State.
I pause here to say that not only is this the correct procedure, but that _it
is the only procedure by which the Court can inform itself of the material
fact whether the party sought to be impleaded, or whose property is sought to
be affected, is a foreign sovereign State_. This, I think, is made clear by
the judgments in this House in the _Kelantan_ case. With great respect I do
not accept the opinion implied in the speech of Lord Sumner in that case that
recourse to His Majesty’s Government is only one way in which the judge can
ascertain the relevant fact. The reason is, I think, obvious. Our State cannot
speak with two voices on such a matter, the judiciary saying one thing, the
executive another. Our Sovereign has to decide whom he will recognize as a
fellow sovereign in the family of States; and the relations of the foreign
State with ours in the matter of State immunities must flow from that decision
alone. [emphasis added]

19 Lord Wright, while pointing out that there might appear to be a difficulty
in respect of the final paragraph in the letter from the Foreign Office in
relation to the matter there, said that it was sufficiently clear. He also
stated (at 267–268) that:

The Court is, in my opinion, bound without any qualification by the statement
of the Foreign Office, which is the organ of His Majesty’s Government for this
purpose in a matter of this nature. Such a statement is a statement of fact,
the contents of which are not open to be discussed by the Court on grounds of
law. But I do not think that in this case the Foreign Office meant that they
should be so open.

20 The position enunciated by Lord Atkin in _The Arantzazu Mendi_ was
reiterated in subsequent cases _eg_ , _Sayce v Ameer Ruler Sadig Mohammad
Abbasi Bahawalpur State_ [1952] 2 QB 390.

21 In fact, the position propounded by Lord Atkin was very much earlier
advanced by Roche J in _Aksionairnoye Obschestvo Dlia Mechanicheskoyi
Obrabotky Diereva A M Luther v James Sagor and Company_ [1921] 1 KB 456, where
he said (at 473–474):

The proper source of information as to a foreign power, its status and
sovereignty is the Sovereign of this country through the Government: _Mighell
v Sultan of Johore_ ; _Foster v Globe Venture Syndicate_. In the case of _The
Charkieh_ Sir Robert Phillimore had recourse to other sources of information
in order to determine a question arising in the year 1873 as to the status and
sovereignty of the Khedive of Egypt, but in the opinion of Lord Esher,
expressed in his judgment in _Mighell v Sultan of Johore_ , this course was
wrong.

22 A question such as that which arises in the present case, whether an entity
is a State so as to enjoy sovereign immunity in Singapore, is eminently a
matter within the exclusive province of the Executive to determine, as what
are involved in the question are not only matters of fact but also matters of
policy. The courts are not in the best position to decide such a question.
This explains why Parliament had by s 18 in the Act conferred upon the
Executive the power to make a conclusive determination whether a State is
recognised for the purposes of the Act. In our adversarial system of
administration of justice, evidence is adduced by the parties. But even as
regards facts, there may be matters of fact which are not within the public
domain but which may be known only to the Executive. Therefore, to allow such
a question to be determined wholly on the basis of evidence adduced by the
parties not only protracts a trial, it also leaves much to be desired as it
could very well be that all pertinent facts and circumstances might not be
before the court.

23 CAA has cited to us the case of _In re Al-Fin Corporation’s Patent_ [1970]
Ch 160 to argue that the courts have an independent role to determine whether
an entity is a State. In that case, the issue related to determining the
meaning of the word “state” in s 24 of the UK Patents Act 1949 and whether
North Korea was a “state”. The UK Foreign Office in its certificate stated
that “Her Majesty’s Government did not recognise the existence of an
independent sovereign state in the area of Korea north of the 38th parallel
either _de facto or de jure_ ”. Notwithstanding this definitive answer, the
court in that case held that the term “state” in s 24 of the UK Patents Act
could be read in a broader sense without the necessity for the qualification
of recognition. The court then examined the available evidence to see whether
North Korea satisfied the objective conditions of statehood and held that it
did.

24 It is important not to lose sight of the context in which the decision was
made. That was a patent case and it involved a construction of the word
“state” in the UK Patents Act. The court held that the word “state” as
referred to in that Act did not depend on recognition. The court also
acknowledged that the interpretation of the word “state” could be different in
other contexts.

25 But, as mentioned before, the question of sovereign immunity is special and
should be treated differently from the general question whether a State has
come into being. It is incongruous to say that a State is required to accord
sovereign immunity to another State when the latter is not recognised by the
former. Bearing in mind the pre-eminence given to recognition by virtue of s
18 of the Act, the question of sovereign immunity clearly stands on a
different footing from other questions in which the existence of a State comes
into issue.

26 Even _Starke’s International Law_ (11th Ed, 1994), which is relied upon by
counsel for CAA in support of their argument, recognises that the question of
state immunity is special. In discussing the UK State Immunity Act 1978, the
author states (at 136):

However, a statement by the executive that a particular government is _not_
treated as such does not preclude a British court from holding that such
government is a sovereign government, or is in control of the territory
concerned, especially in relation to questions not involving jurisdictional
immunity. [emphasis in original]

Later, at the same page, the author acknowledges the difficulties of the
courts acting independently based on other evidence:

On the other hand, it is difficult to see how, on a contested issue of this
nature, a court could take evidence or obtain the necessary materials for
forming its judgment in any more satisfactory way.

27 It is really not for the courts to get themselves involved in international
relations. The courts are ill-equipped to deal with them. If the answer of the
Executive to a query is not clear enough, the proper recourse would be for the
court to seek further clarification and not to second-guess the Executive or
to determine the answer independently based on evidence placed before it. This
is the most expedient and sensible option, an option resorted to by Roche J in
_Aksionairnoye_. See also _Carl-Zeiss-Stiftung v Rayner and Keeler, Ltd (No
2)_ [1966] 2 All ER 536 at 546 _per_ Lord Reid. The court should not, on its
own, reach a conclusion which is inconsistent with the answer given by the
Executive.

28 The position would be different if the Executive refuses to respond to the
request. In which event, the remarks of D J Harris in _Cases and Materials on
International Law_ (5th Ed, 1998) at 331 are valid:

The statements _obiter dicta_ in that case [_Duff Development_] to the effect
that if the Foreign Office did not respond to a request for a certificate, the
courts would have taken their own decision presumably still apply.

While we are conscious that this statement by Dr Harris is based on the
_dicta_ of Lord Sumner, we should not be taken to have endorsed the wider
proposition advocated by Lord Sumner which we have indicated above is not
tenable.

**Position under customary international law**

29 We now move to another aspect upon which submissions have been made by the
parties. Assuming the reply of MFA is vague and, contrary to the views we have
earlier expressed, the court has the competence to independently determine
whether Taiwan is a State, has Singapore, through various transactions with
Taiwan, in fact, regarded the latter as a State? In short, is there _de facto_
recognition by conduct?

30 It is clear that under customary international law, four conditions must
exist for there to be a State. First, there must be a defined territory.
Second, there must be a permanent population. Third, there must be an
effective government. Lastly, the entity must have the capacity to enter into
relations with other States.

31 It is also true that under the declaratory theory of customary
international law, recognition is not essential for a State to come into
being. Recognition is no more than an acknowledgment of a state of fact. But
it seems to us that in relation to a matter such as sovereign immunity,
recognition is vital. There would be no basis for one State to accord dignity
and respect to another State where the former does not recognise the latter.
In such circumstances, there would be no comity to talk about.

32 The starting point in considering whether Singapore has, in fact, regarded
Taiwan as a sovereign State, must be the sort of representation which each
country has, by mutual consent, established in the territory of the other. In
the bundle of materials furnished by counsel for CAA to the court is a copy of
the website relating to Taiwan. The following is a description of the
representation of Taiwan in Singapore:

In March 1969, the Republic of China on Taiwan established a Trade Mission in
Singapore, which was later re-named Taipei Representative Office in Singapore.
It is to promote bilateral links in the areas of economics, science, media,
tourism, military and education between the two countries.

33 It would be noted that, unlike other sovereign States, Taiwan does not have
a diplomatic representation in Singapore. It only has a trade representation
here, or as the representation was earlier called, “Trade Mission”. It is not
an Embassy. As the website indicated, the functions of the Representative
Office are only in respect of specific areas of co-operation. There is no
exchange of “ambassadors”. This use of the institution of trade representation
is wholly in line with the practice among States of dealing with a political
subdivision of another State. It is significant to note that when Singapore
established a mission in Taiwan in 1979, it was a Consulate Office to deal
with consular and trade matters.

34 This approach reflects the one-China policy which has been adopted by
Singapore even before formal relations were established with mainland China,
the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) in 1990. Singapore has not treated
Taiwan in the same manner as other sovereign States. That has been its
consistent stand. Thus, in 1989, when President Lee Teng-Hui of Taiwan was in
Singapore for a visit, there were no flags, no guard of honour, no ceremonial
trappings which would normally come with a visit by a head of State. Of
course, he was accorded other courtesies of a guest. Later, in 1990, when
Singapore established diplomatic relations with the PRC, the Taiwan mission in
Singapore was no longer allowed to use the title “the Republic of China”.

35 Counsel for CAA is quite right to point out that Singapore has, through its
departments and agencies, entered into various agreements or memoranda of
understanding with similar entities in Taiwan on specific areas, ranging from
air services agreements to avoidance of double taxation, the promotion and
protection of investment, and tourism. There is no denying that in those areas
there is close co-operation between the two territories. But co-operation with
an entity in a specific area does not imply recognition as sovereign State.
_Oppenheim’s International Law_ (9th Ed, 1992) states at 169–171:

As recognition is a matter of intention and as important legal consequences
follow from the grant or refusal thereof, care must be taken not to imply
recognition from actions which, although amounting to a limited measure of
intercourse, do not necessarily reveal an intention to recognise; … In the
absence of an unequivocal intention to the contrary, no recognition is implied
in participation in an international conference in which the unrecognised
authority takes part; in the conclusion of a multilateral treaty to which that
authority is a party, or even of a bilateral agreement with that authority for
limited purposes; …

36 We agree with the submission of SIA’s counsel, that what emanates from the
dealings between Singapore and Taiwan is that Singapore “has always been
careful to maintain the stand of not recognising, whether formally or
informally, Taiwan’s status in any way that may suggest that it is a State,
consistent with its one-China policy”. For there to be implied recognition,
the acts must leave no doubt as to the intention to grant it.

**Canadian decision**

37 At this juncture we would refer to the recent Canadian decision in _Parent
v Singapore Airlines Limited_ (judgment of Marie St-Pierre JSC of the Superior
Court of Quebec dated 22 October 2003) with CAA being cited as the defendant
in warranty). The claim in that action arose out of the same air accident.
First, it should be noted that while there are similarities between our State
Immunity Act and that of Canada, there are also some important differences.
Their s 14(1), which is the equivalent of our s 18, reads:

A certificate issued by the Minister of Foreign Affairs, or on his behalf by a
person authorized by him, with respect to any of the following questions,
namely,

(a) whether a country is a foreign state for the purposes of this Act, …

is admissible in evidence as conclusive proof of any matter stated in the
certificate with respect to that question, without proof of the signature of
the Minister of Foreign Affairs or other person …

38 The Canadian court also had before it the correspondence between the
solicitors for SIA and the Canadian Department of Foreign Affairs (“Canadian
Ministry”), the pertinent parts of which are:

We represent the interests of Singapore Airlines Ltd concerning a lawsuit
against the Civil Aeronautics Administration … The attorneys representing the
Civil Aeronautics Administration have alleged that it being a department of
the Ministry of Transportation and Communication of the Government of Taiwan
and having no separate juridical existence, is immune from the jurisdiction of
Canadian courts further to the State Immunity Act.

As we are uncertain as to the official recognition by the Government of Canada
of the Government of Taiwan, we request an issuance of a certificate under
Section 14 of the State Immunity Act _to establish whether_ Taiwan is indeed a
foreign state for the purposes of the State Immunity Act _or whether it can be
considered to be a political subdivision_ of the Republic of China for the
purposes of the State Immunity Act.

As the attorneys representing Civil Aeronautics Administration will be
presenting a Motion to Dismiss our client’s claim on the basis of the
application of the State Immunity Act on April 2 next, we would appreciate
receiving written confirmation from you before that date as to whether Taiwan
is indeed to be considered a foreign state or a political subdivision pursuant
to Section 14 of the State Immunity Act.

[emphasis added]

39 The reply from the Canadian Ministry was:

This is in response to your letter of March 19, 2003, in which you requested
that a certificate be issued by the Minister or his authorized person under s
14 of the State Immunity Act to establish whether “Taiwan” is a foreign state
for the purposes of that Act.

I wish to inform you that the Department cannot respond positively to your
request and no such certificate will be issued at this time.

Canada has a one-China policy which recognises the People’s Republic of China,
with its government located in Beijing, and it has full diplomatic relations
with that government. Canada does not have diplomatic relations with “Taiwan”
or the “Republic of China”.

40 While the request to the Canadian Ministry is not identical to the requests
made to the Singapore MFA, there are similarities. But the point to note is
that the request, unlike the request to MFA, did not seek a positive
certificate under their s 14. Thus, the Canadian court was of the view that
the Canadian Ministry’s reply was inconclusive and proceeded on an examination
of its own of the objective facts to determine whether Taiwan was a State and
entitled to immunity under the Canadian Act. The Canadian court was aware of
Choo Han Teck J’s decision below but noted that the wording of the Singapore
Act was different from theirs. The judge there was of the view that, in the
context of their s 14, a certificate from the Canadian Ministry was only one
means of determining whether Taiwan was a State for the purposes of their Act.
As the reply from the Canadian Ministry was vague, the court was therefore
entitled to come to its own conclusion based on the evidence placed before it.

41 It seems to us that the wording in s 14 of the Canadian Act, _ie_ , “is
admissible in evidence”, clearly contemplates that other forms of evidence may
be admissible to determine the issue. However, the wording in our Act is
narrower. This is not to say that under our Act, the approach taken by the
Canadian court may not be adopted in our courts in any circumstances. But, as
indicated before, we are of the opinion that in an issue such as state
immunity, it is vital that the Judiciary and the Executive should speak with
one voice. We have earlier indicated the pitfalls in the way of the court
making its own determination of the issue and the undesirability of the court
making a determination which is at variance with the decision of the
Executive, particularly in a case where the Executive has given an answer
which is reasonably clear. The situation would be different if the Executive
were to refuse to give a reply or gives a reply which does not answer the
query and leaves it in no doubt that the court is to make its determination
based on customary international law.

**_Locus standi_ to be sued**

42 Before we conclude, we ought to address a subsidiary argument raised by
counsel for CAA. It is contended that if this court should find that Taiwan is
not a State, and does not enjoy sovereign immunity, then it should similarly
find that Taiwan has no _locus standi_ to be sued here.

43 At first blush, this seems like a valid point. But it is critical to
differentiate between the question whether an entity is a State for the
purposes of state immunity and the question whether an entity is a State for
other purposes. In this instance the reply from MFA merely states that Taiwan
is not a State for the purposes of the Act. It does not follow that Taiwan is
not a State for other purposes. There is a leap in logic. CAA’s capacity to
sue and be sued must be determined on the basis of its governing instrument
and/or the law of Taiwan. There is no suggestion from CAA that it lacks such a
capacity.

44 There is no English authority on point, though in the case of _The City of
Berne in Switzerland v The Bank of England_ (1804) 9 Ves Jun 347; 32 ER 636,
the court ruled that an unrecognised government could not bring an action in
England. However, our attention was drawn to the following passage of Cardozo
J of the US Supreme Court in the case of _Sokoloff v The National City Bank of
New York_ 239 NY 158 (1924) at 165:

Juridically, a government that is unrecognized may be viewed as no government
at all, if the power withholding recognition chooses thus to view it. In
practice, however, since juridical conceptions are seldom, if ever, carried to
the limit of their logic, the equivalence is not absolute, but is subject to
self-imposed limitations of common sense and fairness …

45 In _Upright v Mercury Business Machines Co_ 213 NYS (2d) 417 (1961),
Breitel J of the Appellate Division of the New York Supreme Court seemed to
think that an unrecognised government was not completely without some status
when he said (at 419):

A foreign government, although not recognized by the political arm of the
United States Government, may nevertheless have _de facto_ existence which is
juridically cognizable. The acts of such a _de facto_ government may affect
private rights and obligations arising either as a result of activity in, or
with persons or corporations within, the territory controlled by such _de
facto_ government.

46 Counsel for CAA relied on the case _GUR Corporation_ ([12] s _upra_) where
Steyn J, at first instance, said that it was an established principle that an
unrecognised State could not sue or be sued in an English court. The first
instance decision was overturned by the Court of Appeal on a different basis,
_ie_ , that while the Republic of Ciskei was not recognised by the UK
government, it was, in fact, a subordinate body of the Republic of South
Africa which was recognised by the UK government and, accordingly, the
government of the Republic of Ciskei could be sued in the UK. None of the
appellate judges explicitly approved the principle stated by Steyn J that
unrecognised States could not sue or be sued in the English courts. Indeed,
Sir Donaldson MR seemed to think the question required further consideration.

47 In _Carl-Zeiss-Stiftung v Rayner_ ([27] _supra_), the Law Lords kept the
question open for future consideration. As an illustration of the thinking of
the House, we would cite the following passage of Lord Wilberforce (at 577):

[I]f the consequences of non-recognition of the East German “government” were
to bring in question the validity of its legislative acts, I should wish
seriously to consider whether the invalidity so brought about is total, or
whether some mitigation of the severity of this result can be found. … In the
United States some glimmerings can be found of the idea that non-recognition
cannot be pressed to its ultimate logical limit, and that where private
rights, or acts of every-day occurrence, or perfunctory acts of administration
are concerned (the scope of these exceptions has never been precisely defined)
the courts may, in the interest of justice and commonsense, where no
consideration of public policy to the contrary has to prevail, give
recognition to the actual facts or realities found to exist in the territory
in question. … No trace of any such doctrine is yet to be found in English
law, but equally, in my opinion, there is nothing in those English decisions,
in which recognition has been refused to particular acts of non-recognised
governments, which would prevent its acceptance or which prescribes the
absolute and total validity of all laws and acts flowing from unrecognised
governments. In view of the conclusion which I have reached on the effect to
be attributed to non-recognition in this case, it is not necessary here to
resort to this doctrine but, for my part, I should wish to regard it as an
open question, in English law, in any future case whether and to what extent
it can be invoked.

48 The ratio of the case of _City of Berne_ ([44] _supra_) is really limited
to the point that an unrecognised foreign government could not sue in the name
of the State because it was not recognised as representing the State. Thus, it
could not claim assets due to the State as a matter of succession to the
rights of the previous government. This is obviously correct as, without
recognition, a new government cannot sue as successor to the previous
government of the State concerned.

49 As we see it, there is nothing seriously inconsistent with the stand of not
granting recognition to an entity for purposes of state immunity and yet
permitting that entity to be sued for its acts. In an article entitled “The
Carl-Zeiss Case and the Position of an Unrecognised Government in English Law”
(1967) 83 LQR 96, the author, D W Greig, extensively reviewed the cases on the
subject and the following comments of his at 136 are germane:

Although one difficulty still remains – how can a government which is not
recognised by the United Kingdom sue in the English courts? – this is a
psychological problem rather than a question of legal principle. As has been
stated, non-recognition does not deny the existence of a foreign government:
it simply denies its competence to represent the state concerned on the
international plane. British companies can trade with it, and the English
courts can recognise its acts, and grant it remedies, provided that they do
not acknowledge its international status. Thus, if proceedings are brought
against a foreign government or its officials in the English courts, the plea
of sovereign or diplomatic immunity should not be available unless, as far as
diplomatic immunity is concerned, it has been specifically granted by the
Foreign Office.

50 Reverting to the present case, once it is appreciated that the non-
recognition of Taiwan is only in respect of the Act there is no reason why its
effect should or need be extended to other respects. That would be completely
unwarranted. The existence of Taiwan is a fact and the government of Taiwan
exercises control over a specified area. The accident happened at an airport
within the control of CAA and, as it does not enjoy immunity under Singapore
law, it must answer the allegations made against it of having caused or
contributed towards the tragedy.

51 In the result, the appeal is dismissed with costs, with the usual
consequential orders.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Jan 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

