Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Lim Teck Chye v Public Prosecutor  
[2004] SGHC 72

Case Number | : | MA 198/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 14 April 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Davinder Singh SC and Tey Tsun Hang (Drew and Napier LLC) for appellant; Eddy Tham and James Lee (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for respondent   
Parties | : |  Lim Teck Chye — Public Prosecutor   
  
Criminal Law – Abetment – Abetment by conspiracy – Elements of offence –
Section 107 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Appeal – Power of appellate court to
reverse findings of fact – Applicable principles – Discrepancies in evidence –
Whether any reason to interfere with trial judge's findings of fact  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Principles – Whether
principle of equal culpability between giver and receiver in corruption
offence breached – Whether corruption in commercial context warranted
custodial sentence  
  

14 April 2004

Yong Pung How CJ:

1 The appellant was charged and convicted in the Subordinate Courts by
District Judge Kow Keng Siong on six counts under s 6(b) read with s 29 of the
Prevention of Corruption Act (Cap 241, 1993 Rev Ed) (“PCA”). He was found
guilty after trial of having abetted, by conspiracy, one Henry Low Chee How
(“Henry Low”) and other employees of Coastal Bunkering Services Pte Ltd
(“CBS”) to corruptly pay gratification to marine surveyors to falsely certify
that CBS had supplied the correct quantity and quality of marine oil to
vessels of CBS’s customers. The appellant was sentenced to a total of six
months’ imprisonment and ordered to pay $240,000 in fines. Each of the six
offences carried a $40,000 fine and two months’ imprisonment; three of the
imprisonment sentences were ordered to run concurrently. He appealed against
his conviction and sentence. I dismissed the appeals and now give my reasons.

**Background**

2 The appellant was a director of CBS, a company controlled by his family, and
was in charge of its operations and financial matters. CBS’s business included
the trading of bunker oil, marine diesel oil, and marine gas oil. He was
assisted by a cargo manager, one William Ng, and a team of cargo supervisors,
which included Henry Low. As cargo supervisor, Henry Low directly oversaw the
bunkering (or supply) of oil to customers’ vessels.

3 I shall briefly describe how a typical CBS bunkering transaction was
conducted. Upon receiving a bunkering order, CBS would dispatch one of its
barges to the customer’s vessel. A CBS bunker clerk (who reported directly to
either William Ng or Henry Low) stationed on the barge would have a master
requisition form (“MRF”) stating the quantity and quality of oil to be
supplied. The bunker clerk would be responsible for discharging the cargo of
oil to the receiving vessel and for preparing the relevant documentation. This
included a bunker delivery receipt (“BDR”) and a stock movement report
(“SMR”). The BDR was meant to reflect the amount and quality of oil CBS had
supplied to the customer’s vessel and was also used as an invoice for payment.
The SMR recorded all the bunkering transactions carried out by the particular
barge. Occasionally, CBS customers would engage a marine surveyor to verify
that the nominated quantity and quality of oil had been supplied to their
vessel. The marine surveyor would witness the bunkering process and thereafter
submit a survey report.

4 The appellant’s conviction below involved the payment of corrupt
gratification to four marine surveyors in relation to six bunkering
transactions for the following motor vessels (one charge for each was brought
against the appellant):

(a) the _Hanjin Elizabeth_ (bunkered on 22 April 2002);

(b) the _El Greco_ (bunkered on 24 April 2001);

(c) the _Ocean Ranger_ (bunkered between 14 May 2001 and 15 May 2001);

(d) the _Madre Deus_ (bunkered between 23 May 2001 and 24 May 2001);

(e) the _Hanjin Kwangyang_ (bunkered on 9 June 2001); and

(f) the _Geopotes X_ (bunkered on 10 April 2001).

According to the BDRs and the supposedly independent marine surveyors’ reports
for each of these bunkering transactions, CBS had supplied the full amount of
cargo nominated in the respective MRFs. CBS had accordingly invoiced and
received payment from its customers for the full amount of the nominated cargo
of oil.

**The law**

5 Section 6(b) of the PCA provides that it is an offence if any person:

… corruptly gives or agrees to give or offers any gratification to any agent
as an inducement or reward for doing or forbearing to do, or for having done
or forborne to do any act in relation to his principal’s affairs or business,
or for showing or forbearing to show favour or disfavour to any person in
relation to his principal’s affairs or business.

This is punishable by a fine not exceeding $100,000 and/or an imprisonment
term not exceeding five years. Anyone who abets such an offence shall be
deemed to have committed the offence pursuant to s 29 of the PCA, and would be
liable to the same punishment.

6 Abetment involves the complicity of an abettor towards the commission of an
offence. The abettor, self-evidently, need not participate directly in the
commission of the offence, although he may do so. The abetment is itself the
offence. Abetment by conspiracy is one of three categories of abetment under s
107 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) (“PC”). Section 107(b) of the PC
provides that a person abets the doing of a thing where that person:

… engages with one or more other person or persons in _any conspiracy_ for the
doing of that thing, if an act or illegal omission takes place in pursuance of
that conspiracy, and in order to the doing of that thing. [emphasis added]

In the case of _PP v Yeo Choon Poh_ [1994] 2 SLR 867, the Court of Appeal
provided the definition of a “conspiracy” at 873, [19] and [20]:

The essence of a conspiracy is agreement and in most cases the actual
agreement will take place in private in such circumstances that direct
evidence of it will rarely be available. …

One method of proving a conspiracy would be to show that the words and actions
of the parties indicate their concert in pursuit of a common object or design,
giving rise to the inference that their actions must have been co-ordinated by
arrangement beforehand. These actions and words do not of themselves
constitute the conspiracy but rather constitute evidence of the conspiracy.

I expanded on this in _Ang Ser Kuang v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 909 at [30] and [31],
where I stated that:

There need not be communication between each conspirator and every other,
provided that there be a common design, common to each of them.

What is essential is that there must be _knowledge of a common design_ , and
it is not necessary that all the co-conspirators should be equally informed as
to the details.

[emphasis added]

7 Abetment by conspiracy has three essential elements. First, the person
abetting must engage, with one or more persons, in a conspiracy (as defined
above). Second, the conspiracy must be for the doing of the thing abetted; and
third, an act or illegal omission must take place in pursuance of the
conspiracy in order to the doing of that thing. This was stated by the Court
of Appeal in _Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v PP_ [1999] 1 SLR 25.

8 In order to succeed on the six charges brought against the appellant,
therefore, the Prosecution had to show the district judge two things:

(a) That the marine surveyors in question were corruptly given gratification
in order to facilitate illicit “buy-back” transactions (see [9] _infra_); and

(b) That the corrupt gratification so given was pursuant to a plan devised by,
or in concert with, the appellant.

The district judge was satisfied that the Prosecution had done so upon
considering the following evidence.

**The Prosecution’s case**

9 According to the Prosecution, the relevant BDRs and survey reports falsely
represented that the full quantity of oil nominated was delivered to each of
the six vessels. The respective chief engineers of each vessel had wrongfully
sold, at a price substantially below market rates, a portion of the nominated
quantity of oil back to the CBS bunker clerks and Henry Low. The marine
surveyors facilitated these illicit “buy-back” transactions by providing false
certifications in their survey reports, and were paid “commissions” for doing
so by Henry Low and one Kmas Koh, a CBS bunker clerk. I shall term these
illicit short supplies as “the buy-back(s)” for convenience. CBS bunker clerks
then _further_ short-changed CBS’s customers by surreptitiously supplying even
less oil than they were supposed to, and these additionally retained amounts
were known as “gains” for CBS. These “gains”, although not directly pertinent
to the six charges in question, were relevant to show the appellant’s
dishonest intention generally, as the Prosecution had contended that all of
these illicit transactions (both the buy-backs and gains) were pursuant to his
directions, which resulted in substantial illegal profits for CBS.

**_The buy-backs_**

10 The Prosecution adduced evidence from the parties directly involved in each
of the six alleged buy-backs. They included Henry Low as well as the
respective bunker clerks and marine surveyors. Their evidence revealed that
the _modus operandi_ was identical for the subject matter of all six charges.
Together, they testified that for each buy-back, the chief engineer and the
bunker clerk would have come to an agreement for CBS to deliberately short
supply the vessel in question. The marine surveyor would be made aware of this
agreement, and would proceed to falsely certify in his survey report that the
correct amount of oil had been supplied. Afterwards, Henry Low would board the
vessel and pay its chief engineer the agreed price for the buy-back. Later,
the marine surveyor would be paid his “commission” (based on the amount of
cargo short supplied) for his role in the buy-back by Henry Low (and in one
case, Kmas Koh).

11 According to the testimony of one Jeremy Tan (a bunker clerk), the bunker
clerk concerned for the buy-backs and gains would prepare three different
SMRs:

(a) An internal SMR which reflected all the buy-backs and gains;

(b) A sanitised SMR which would be prepared for the purposes of Maritime Port
Authority (“MPA”) inspections; and

(c) A formal SMR (also sanitised) for the customer.

The bunker clerk would also receive a commission based on the amount of buy-
backs and gains, and all the said commissions paid out were pegged to the
quantity of oil short supplied.

**_The appellant’s role_**

12 The bunker clerks gave evidence that the appellant was personally
responsible for these practices. The appellant not only knew about the buy-
backs and gains – but had also pegged the work performance of the bunker
clerks to the amount they could short supply. For instance, it was CBS policy
that its bunker clerks were to secure 2% worth of illicit gains from all their
bunkering transactions. If they could not achieve these targets, they might
lose their jobs. Jeremy Tan also gave evidence that the appellant had engaged
him specifically for the purpose of carrying out these transactions.

13 Henry Low, Kmas Koh, and Jeremy Tan recalled that sometime in mid-2001,
after the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau (“CPIB”) had commenced
investigations against another bunkering company, Navi Marine, the appellant
held a meeting with the bunker clerks where he taught them how to approach
chief engineers and marine surveyors about buy-backs. At this meeting, the
appellant cautioned them to be careful when dealing with unfamiliar faces as
they could be undercover CPIB officers. The appellant also advised the bunker
clerks to be sensible when “stealing” cargo and to ensure that the vessel had
sufficient fuel to reach its next destination.

14 Henry Low testified that the appellant had employed him as a cargo
supervisor to ensure that there would be more buy-backs and gains for the
company, and to ensure that the bunker clerks did not sell, for themselves,
the short supplied cargo to others. The appellant had taught him the mechanics
of the buy-backs and gains, and periodically gave him cheques as well as cash
to pay the chief engineers and marine surveyors for the buy-backs. In the
course of his duties at CBS, Henry Low had prepared documents (which were
produced in court as PE31 and PE32) in order to keep the appellant up to date
with the illicit transactions. According to Henry Low, the appellant knew of
and had approved all the buy-backs and gains in the six charges.

15 To support his account, Henry Low produced two audiotape recordings of
conversations between the appellant and himself (marked as PE35 and PE36).
Henry Low had made these recordings in order to “cover” himself when he
perceived the appellant beginning to distance himself from the illicit
transactions. According to Henry Low, PE35 recorded the appellant:

(a) giving directions as to how bunker clerks should make sure that only
sanitised SMRs should be shown when the MPA conducted spot checks on their
barges;

(b) cautioning that only the appellant, Henry Low, and some others should know
about the buy-backs and gains, and that bunker clerks should not disclose
these figures to any other persons;

(c) reviewing bunker clerks’ performance for buy-backs and gains and
expressing concern that they were under-reporting buy-backs and gains at the
expense of the company;

(d) asking whether Henry Low paid the chief engineers directly or through the
marine surveyors; and

(e) expressing concern that a bunker clerk was taking excessive gains and that
the receiving vessel might not be able to reach its next port as a result.

Henry Low gave evidence that PE36 recorded the appellant:

(a) instructing him to feign ignorance about the illicit transactions when
questioned by the CPIB and to claim that CBS only bought off-specification oil
from the vessels;

(b) instructing him to explain to the CPIB that a short supply of 0.5% to 2%
was an acceptable variance;

(c) warning him that there were many cases under CPIB investigation; and

(d) saying that bunker clerks should secure more buy-backs and gains.

**The Defence**

16 The appellant flatly denied all these allegations and contended that CBS
had supplied the entire nominated quantity of cargo to the six vessels in
question. He pointed to the BDRs and survey reports as evidence of this.
According to the appellant, neither CBS nor its employees ever entered into
any of the alleged buy-backs with the chief engineers of these vessels. The
appellant had expressly instructed his employees not to enter into buy-backs.
There would have been no incentive for CBS to do so in any case because:

(a) CBS was legitimately buying a different product from the chief engineers;

(b) CBS customers had specific compliance procedures; and

(c) CBS would not be able to arrest the vessel according to the amount
nominated (but only the amount supplied to the receiving vessel) should the
customer default on payment.

17 The appellant claimed that there were legitimate purchases of oil from the
vessels. These involved either purchases of off-specification oil already in
the receiving vessels or excess cargo that the receiving vessels were unable
to accept during the bunkering process. The cheques given to Henry Low, who in
the appellant’s view was an independent trader and not a CBS employee, were
for these purchases. As for the gains, the appellant claimed that they were
legitimate and industry-accepted variances inherent in the bunkering process.

18 In the alternative, the appellant claimed that even if the CBS bunker
clerks, Henry Low, the chief engineers and the marine surveyors had wrongfully
short supplied cargo in the manner alleged by the Prosecution, it was done
without the appellant’s knowledge, consent or connivance as he was totally
uninvolved in the actual bunkering process.

19 The appellant also disagreed with Henry Low’s interpretation of the
conversations taped in PE35 and PE36, highlighting that there were no explicit
references to any illicit buy-backs or gains, false SMRs, or the appellant
coaching Henry Low on how to deal with MPA or CPIB queries. It was his case
below that Henry Low had given false evidence against him to divert attention
from the fact that he had attempted to extort money from CBS. The appellant
produced evidence that such an extortion bid had been made by Henry Low
sometime in August 2001. The other prosecution witnesses (_ie_ the bunker
clerks) were Henry Low’s friends and therefore similarly had an interest in
falsely implicating the appellant.

**The decision below**

20 The district judge found that the buy-backs had indeed occurred, that the
marine surveyors were bribed to facilitate these transactions, and that the
appellant had been their chief promoter. I must commend the district judge for
having exhaustively considered the cases of both the Prosecution and the
Defence, given the keenly contested versions of events. His grounds of
decision showed that he had considered the probabilities arising from the
circumstances of the case, and that he was aware of his “basic duty to lay
down in a detailed and clear way how, why, the factors, evidence and
considerations that he has taken or refused to take into account, the weight
he has attached to them, in arriving at his findings of fact”: _Kwan Peng Hong
v PP_ [2000] 4 SLR 96 at [58]. I recently explained in _Shamsul bin Abdullah v
PP_ [2002] 4 SLR 176 that the standard required of the district judge’s
scrutiny of the evidence and the witnesses before him is extremely demanding
in order to justify the leeway given to the trial court to rely on demeanour
evidence.

21 The district judge had rightly reminded himself to be extremely careful
given that the Prosecution’s case hinged on the testimonies of witnesses who
were directly involved in respect of the actual crime charged; and he referred
to the case law on this issue: _Kwan Peng Hong v PP_ , _Tay Huay Hong v PP_
[1998] 3 SLR 926, _Chai Chien Wei Kelvin v PP_ ([7] _supra_). He nevertheless
found the prosecution witnesses to be credible as they had testified with
candour, even on matters involving their own wrongdoings. Their testimonies,
in his view, were not in any way slanted or embellished against the appellant.
In contrast, he found the appellant’s key witnesses to be partisan,
untruthful, contradictory and incapable of giving evidence objectively. The
appellant himself was incoherent and vacillating in court, and his defence
inherently incredible and disingenuous. Further, the appellant’s version was
unsubstantiated even by his own evidence and was contradicted by his
witnesses.

22 The district judge was satisfied that the documentary evidence amply
corroborated the case put forth by the Prosecution although he acknowledged
that the case had ultimately turned on the credibility of witnesses. He found
PE31 and PE32 to be genuine records of the illicit transactions, considering
their detail and the manner in which they were recorded. They clearly
suggested that Henry Low was accounting to the appellant for the illicit
transactions. As for the taped conversations in PE35 and PE36, the district
judge found that they pointed reasonably to the appellant’s culpability,
although there were no express references to the illicit transactions, having
considered their context as well as the manner and tone in which the appellant
had spoken.

**The appeal against conviction**

23 The appellant argued that his conviction below was erroneous on three main
grounds, namely:

(a) that there was insufficient evidence from CBS customers and their chief
engineers to support the finding that cargo was short supplied;

(b) that the district judge had erred in preferring the evidence of Henry Low
and the other prosecution witnesses; and

(c) that the district judge had erred in impeaching the credit of defence
witness William Ng.

I considered each of these in turn.

**_Whether there was insufficient evidence from CBS customers and their chief
engineers to support the finding that cargo was short supplied_**

24 Before me, counsel for the appellant, Mr Davinder Singh SC, submitted that
the district judge did not fully appreciate the fact that there were no
complaints of any sort from the customers of CBS who were purportedly short
supplied. These customers included the international oil majors, such as
British Petroleum and Exxon-Mobil, which have stringent internal auditing
procedures that would have detected the buy-backs if they had indeed occurred.
The appellant had attempted to bolster this argument in his written arguments
by asserting that CBS had a system in place to oversee and supervise every
bunkering transaction. Apparently, CBS’s cargo officers go through an MPA-
mandated course, and were regularly reminded that short supply was disallowed
through internal circulars and monthly meetings.

25 Mr Davinder Singh highlighted to me that none of the chief engineers of the
vessels were called to testify on the allegation of short supply. He submitted
that the chief engineers were material witnesses, as they were the ones who
signed off on the BDRs indicating receipt of the nominated amount of cargo.
Given that there was no indication of short supply or buy-backs on the BDRs,
he argued that it should _prima facie_ be taken that there were no such buy-
backs. To debunk this and prove the charges against the appellant, it was
incumbent upon the Prosecution to call the chief engineers concerned to
testify.

26 These points had been raised at trial. The district judge had considered
the absence of any complaints by customers of CBS and concluded in his grounds
of decision ([2004] SGDC 14 at [149]) that:

In regards to the _cheated CBS customers_ , it is not inconceivable that they
were _unaware of the buyback transactions_ that had occurred. After all, these
parties were not on the vessels at the material time and would not have known
what actually transpired. In any event, even if the relevant CBS customers had
been called as witnesses, their evidence would at most be _hearsay_. It is
important to note that these parties acted through their masters/chief
engineers and relied on the certification provided by marine surveyors to
ensure that the nominated quantity of cargo had in fact been bunkered. If the
chief engineers and marine surveyors had (a) received illicit gratification
from the short supply of cargo and (b) falsely certified that the correct
amount of cargo had been delivered, it is _most unlikely that the customers
would have been able to independently detect the scam_. Under the
circumstances, it was not surprising that these customers did not lodged
[_sic_] any letter of protest against a short supply. [emphasis in original]

I was of the opinion that the fact that these customers had stringent internal
audits (if they did) was one that did not assist the appellant. In light of
the district judge’s reasons, the appellant did not demonstrate beyond a bare
assertion how these “stringent internal auditing checks” would “easily expose
any short supply or unsatisfactory delivery of bunkers”.

27 The supposed integrity of CBS itself was a bare and self-supporting
assertion and likewise did not take the appellant very far. First, the MPA
courses the bunker clerks attended were _mandatory_. Second, the appellant had
produced the mentioned company circulars at trial, but a number of the bunker
clerks had never seen them on their barges. The district judge even considered
that some of these circulars could have been sham documents.

28 I was satisfied that the reasons given by the district judge for not having
placed much weight on the lack of complaints by CBS customers were adequate,
and the appellant failed to convince me otherwise.

29 In relation to the chief engineers, the Defence was essentially asking the
court below to exercise its discretion to draw an adverse inference against
the Prosecution’s case pursuant to s 116 illustration (g) of the Evidence Act
(Cap 97, 1997 Rev Ed) (“EA”), which provides that:

The court may presume the existence of any fact which it thinks likely to have
happened, regard being had to the common course of natural events, human
conduct, and public and private business, in their relation to the facts of
the particular case.

_Illustrations:_

The court may presume —

...

(g) that evidence which could be and is not produced would if produced be
unfavourable to the person who withholds it;

…

I had explained in _Chua Keem Long v PP_ [1996] 1 SLR 510 that the courts are
generally reluctant to draw such an adverse inference against the Prosecution.
What the Prosecution has to do is to prove its case, and it has the discretion
in the calling of witnesses to do so. It is not obliged to go out of its way
to allow the Defence any opportunity to test its evidence. It is not obliged
to act for the Defence. My observations in _Chua Keem Long v PP_ at 523, [72],
noted by the district judge, were relevant in explaining this position:

Such arguments are commonly made. Commonly too, such arguments are without
merit. The court must hesitate to draw any such presumption unless the witness
not produced is essential to the prosecution’s case. Any criminal transaction
may be observed by a number of witnesses. It is not necessary for the
prosecution to produce every single one of those witnesses. All the
prosecution need do is to produce witnesses whose evidence can be believed so
as to establish the case beyond a reasonable doubt. Out of a number of
witnesses, it may then only be necessary to bring in one or two; as long as
those witnesses actually produced are able to give evidence of the
transaction, there is no reason why all of the rest should be called, nor why
any presumption should be drawn that the evidence of those witnesses not
produced would have been against the prosecution. Where the witnesses not
produced are not material, no presumption operates against the prosecution
(_Lahvinder Singh v State_ [1988] Cri LJ 319). Neither would s 116
illustration (g) apply where the evidence to be given is largely redundant
(_Waisuddin v State_ [1991] Cri LJ 134). It was not shown that, in this
appeal, the evidence of the witnesses not called was not immaterial or
redundant.

30 In any case, it was my opinion that the chief engineers were not such
material witnesses that their absence would have led to a demolition of the
Prosecution’s case. This was made clear from the following paragraph ([150])
of the district judge’s grounds of decision:

As for the _chief engineers_ , I was unable to accept that their absence from
the trial created a lacuna in the Prosecution’s case. In my view, the relevant
_short supplies_ were sufficiently proved through the evidence of –

a. the bunker clerks who _bunkered the vessels_ in question and _prepared the
very BDRs relied upon by the Defence_ to prove that there was no short supply,

b. the marine surveyors who were responsible for _overseeing the bunkerings_
and who subsequently _prepared the survey reports_ (similarly relied upon by
the Defence), and

c. Henry Low who negotiated with the chief engineers and _paid the
gratification_ for the illicit short supplies.

[emphasis in original]

31 Ultimately, the crucial question was whether the district judge’s finding
of fact that the buy-backs had indeed occurred was one that was _clearly
reached against the weight of the evidence_ so as to require appellate
intervention: _Lim Ah Poh v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 713. I held in _Yap Giau Beng
Terence v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 656 that it is trite law that an appellate court is
reluctant to overturn a trial judge’s findings of fact, especially where it
hinges upon an assessment of the credibility and veracity of the witnesses, as
it does here. The appellate court does not have the advantages of seeing and
hearing the witnesses, and as such it will defer to those findings: _Ameer
Akbar v Abdul Hamid_ [1997] 1 SLR 113, _Kong See Chew v PP_ [2001] 3 SLR 94.
The district judge had based his finding that cargo was short supplied in the
six transactions on the evidence of the persons directly involved in the
alleged buy-backs. The appellant’s arguments here failed to show that the
district judge’s finding was against the weight of the evidence.

32 As such, I affirmed the finding below that the buy-backs had indeed
occurred.

**_Whether the district judge had erred in preferring the evidence of Henry
Low and the other prosecution witnesses_**

33 To establish the appellant’s guilt, the district judge had found that the
corrupt gratification given to the marine surveyors was pursuant to a plan
devised by or in concert with the appellant. The district judge had based this
finding on the evidence of Henry Low and a number of bunker clerks that
implicated the appellant. He preferred their evidence to that of the
appellant’s. I have already mentioned, in brief, the reasons for this (see
[21] _supra_). In considering the appellant’s submission here, I kept in mind
that where the trial judge had to decide which amongst different versions of
events was true, and his findings were not clearly against the weight of the
evidence, the appellate court should not interfere with his findings: _Chua
Yong Khiang Melvin v PP_ [1999] 4 SLR 87.

_The credibility of key prosecution witness Henry Low_

34 Of all the prosecution witnesses, it was Henry Low’s evidence that had
implicated the appellant most directly. The district judge had observed his
demeanour in court and found him to be a witness of truth. To challenge this
finding, the appellant had the heavy burden to show that the district judge
was _plainly wrong_ in his assessment of the credibility and veracity of Henry
Low: _Syed Jafaralsadeg bin Abdul Kadir v PP_ [1998] 3 SLR 788. To this end,
the appellant contended that Henry Low had concocted evidence about how he
(Henry Low) had a Malaysian friend, “Simon”, type a complaint letter for him
at the seaside at night using a typewriter for his purported extortion bid.

35 Henry Low had testified that he was not happy working at CBS at the
material time and had indicated his intention to resign to one Lilian Lim, the
appellant’s sister. He had asked for outstanding commissions he claimed were
owing to him but the appellant and Lilian Lim had refused to pay him. In
retaliation, Henry Low sent the appellant documents and exhibits which claimed
to expose CBS’s misdeeds in relation to some bunkering transactions. He also
sent the appellant copies of “complaint letters” that were addressed to CBS
customers disclosing that CBS had tampered with oil samples and documents, as
well as illicit gains and buy-backs, and a tape containing the appellant’s
instructions to Henry Low on what to say to CPIB. Henry Low admitted that his
motive in sending these items was to get back his unpaid commissions and to
injure the commercial interests of CBS. The appellant subsequently brought
this matter to the police.

36 The district judge gave the purported extortion bid by Henry Low serious
consideration, as he was mindful that Henry Low’s evidence was pivotal in the
case against the appellant. In the end, he came to the conclusion that there
was no basis in the defence’s contention that Henry Low had acted to falsely
implicate the appellant. Henry Low had been open about his actions and
candidly admitted that he was not motivated by altruistic intentions in
wanting to expose the appellant. The appellant’s own witness, Mr Sathiabalan
(the investigating officer for the extortion bid), corroborated Henry Low’s
testimony that Henry Low was not promised a waiver of prosecution in relation
to his actions in return for implicating the appellant. The district judge had
also found Henry Low’s version of events relating to the purported extortion
bid to be more believable than the appellant’s account.

37 The appellant took issue with Henry Low’s explanation of how the “complaint
letters” were prepared. Mr Davinder Singh contended that:

(a) Henry Low’s account of how the “complaint letters” had been typed on a
manual typewriter by the beach was an incredible one; and

(b) “Simon”, who according to Henry Low had helped him to type the letters,
was a fabrication given Henry Low’s inability to give an account of this
person in court.

The appellant contended that given these “concoctions”, Henry Low’s testimony
should have been rejected in whole.

38 The district judge had considered these two contentions, which were also
raised at trial, and had found, correspondingly, that:

(a) the circumstances in which the “complaint letters” were prepared were not
inherently incredible; and

(b) the appellant had no reason to testify in the manner that he did regarding
“Simon” unless it was the truth.

I re-examined the physical evidence before me and it was clear that a
typewriter had indeed been used to create one of the “complaint letters”. The
manner in which some words were “erased” had left a slight shadow caused by
imprints on the paper from the teeth of a typewriter. The district judge had
also noticed this. It was also in the evidence that the appellant had
instructed Henry Low to have a typewriter with him when discharging his duties
as a cargo supervisor. In light of this evidence, I found that a typewriter
had indeed been used.

39 I turned to consider the appellant’s contention that “Simon” was a
fabrication by Henry Low given his inability to satisfactorily give an account
of this person in court despite his claim that “Simon” was the one who helped
him to type the “complaint letters”. Mr Davinder Singh highlighted to me
several aspects of Henry Low’s testimony relating to “Simon” that he submitted
were suspicious. These were, _inter alia_ :

(a) the fact that Henry Low only addressed “Simon” as such, and did not know
his full name;

(b) that Henry Low only had a defunct Malaysian phone number, which he could
not recall, to prove the existence of “Simon”; and

(c) that there was no way that Henry Low could contact “Simon” at the time of
the trial, and the best that he could do was to wait for “Simon” to call.

As such, Mr Davinder Singh contended that “Simon” was an “absurd yarn” and
therefore the district judge was not justified in finding that Henry Low was a
credible witness.

40 It was true that Henry Low’s account of his friend “Simon” left much to be
desired. The district judge had adverted to this. He noted, however, that it
was quite clear that Henry Low’s level of participation in his version of the
extortion bid was not in any way lessened by the fact that “Simon” had
prepared the “complaint letters” in question. Henry Low had stated during
cross-examination that if he had wanted to keep a distance from the origin of
the documents, he would not have admitted that he had asked “Simon” to assist
him in the preparation of the documents. The district judge therefore felt
that the presentation of a less than immediately believable version lent Henry
Low more credence as a witness. The district judge’s comment that he “was of
the view that the manner in which these letters came about was not really
material” must be read in this context. As such, I was of the opinion that it
was a defensible assumption by the district judge that Henry Low was less
concerned to be believed than to tell the truth.

41 I noted that the courts have always taken a fairly broad approach in
assessing the credibility of witnesses, and that any assessment of the
veracity of a witness’s testimony must be viewed in its totality. The case of
_De Silva v PP_ [1964] 1 MLJ 81 stands for the proposition that
contradictions, discrepancies and falsehoods in the evidence of a witness are
not sufficient reasons for rejecting the whole of the evidence of such a
witness. The question was therefore whether the alleged falsehoods or
discrepancies would be sufficient to undermine the credibility of Henry Low.
In _Leo Fernando v R_ [1959] 1 MLJ 157, Rose CJ considered discrepancies in
the accounts given by various prosecution witnesses as “a matter which might
well be thought to be in favour of their truthfulness rather than the
reverse”. In any event, even if a witness is found to have lied on a matter,
it does not necessarily affect his credibility as a whole: _Khoon Chye Hin v
PP_ [1961] 1 MLJ 105, _Samad bin Kamis v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 340, _PP v Kalpanath
Singh_ [1995] 3 SLR 564 and _Sundara Moorthy Lankatharan v PP_ [1997] 3 SLR
464.

42 I considered the approach taken in the cases of _Triptipal Singh v PP_
[1974] 1 MLJ 59 and _R v Panayiotou_ [1973] 3 All ER 112. Commentators have
said these cases stand for the proposition that if an appellant seeks to
reverse a judgment below by challenging findings of credibility on the ground
that there are discrepancies in the testimonial evidence, the appellate court
will consider that if the trial judge had drawn attention to the discrepancies
and considered them, there can be no further ground for complaint. This is
given that the appellate court does not have the advantages of seeing and
hearing the witnesses. I did not, however, take these cases as expressions of
a hard and fast rule although they were indicative of the high threshold that
the appellant has to meet. The appellant may still incline an appellate court
to re-assess a finding of credibility even if the trial judge had adverted to
the discrepancies, but only if he can show that any advantage enjoyed by the
trial judge by reason of having seen and heard the witnesses could not be
sufficient to explain and justify the trial judge’s conclusions as to
credibility, thus rendering the verdict against the weight of the evidence:
_Syed Jafaralsadeg bin Abdul Kadir v PP_ ([34] _supra_), _PP v Victor Rajoo_
[1995] 3 SLR 417. This could not be said of the assessment of Henry Low’s
credibility below.

43 In _Vinit Sopon v PP_ [1994] 2 SLR 226, I held that discrepancies in the
evidence are inevitable in cases involving complicated factual details and
that immaterial discrepancies ought to be disregarded if these are not of such
a nature as to impair the strength of the prosecution case. Some of the
discrepancies raised by the appellant fell into this category, and I
disregarded them.

44 The weight of the evidence was therefore not against the district judge’s
finding of credibility, nor was it plainly wrong. The appellant claimed that
Henry Low had lied when he asserted in court that the complaint letters did
not mention the buy-backs or gains. This was not my reading of the said
letters. Although the letter in question (PE48) had mentioned “a dishonest
conspiracy and cheating” by CBS, it had alleged _a supply of poorer quality
cargo to customers than what was ordered_ rather than any _deliberate short
supplies_. I turned to consider the taped conversations in PE31 and PE32. The
district judge had, in his diligence, listened to the taped conversations and
read the transcripts before concluding that Henry Low’s version was the one to
be believed. Contrary to the appellant’s allegation, it was apparent from the
district judge’s grounds of decision that he had _fully_ appreciated their
context and the industry practice before reading something sinister into the
conversations despite the fact that there were no direct references to the
illicit transactions in them.

45 In light of these observations and principles articulated in the preceding
paragraphs, I declined to interfere with the district judge’s assessment that
Henry Low was a credible witness.

_The credibility of the appellant_

46 Mr Davinder Singh took the opportunity, while on the subject of the
extortion bid by Henry Low, to advance the following argument on the
appellant’s behalf. The appellant was a credible and trustworthy witness
because he had essentially invited a police investigation into the affairs of
CBS by alerting the police to Henry Low’s misdeeds. This, he contended, was
inconsistent with a guilty mind and the appellant should therefore have been
considered a credible witness. I was unable to accept this argument. The
credibility of the appellant was adjudged upon the entirety of his testimony
and the district judge’s assessment of him rested upon various factors –
including his demeanour in court, the inconsistencies and contradictions that
arose in the course of trial, and the inherent improbability of his version of
events. The fact that the appellant reported Henry Low to the police for
extortion did not outweigh the other factors militating against his
credibility as a witness.

_The testimony of the marine surveyors and bunker clerks_

47 The appellant contended that the district judge failed to give proper
consideration to the fact that the testimony of the marine surveyors and the
bunker clerks did not directly implicate the appellant in the buy-backs. The
appellant’s argument here hinged on the fact that none of the marine surveyors
actually received money physically from the appellant and that in the case of
the bunker clerks, they did not actually see the marine surveyors being paid
the “commissions”. The bunker clerks had merely assumed that the marine
surveyors had to be paid for the “buy-back” transactions and their evidence
was therefore unsatisfactory. The appellant further contended that the
district judge had failed to fully appreciate the impact of the marine
surveyors’ pleas of guilt to the various corruption charges on the appellant’s
trial. I was of the view that these arguments were without merit.

48 The fact that the marine surveyors did not receive the bribes from the
appellant personally did not advance his case at all, since it was _not_ the
Prosecution’s case that the appellant had made the payments to the marine
surveyors himself. The Prosecution had contended all along that the illicit
payments were made _through_ the appellant’s subordinates – Henry Low and Kmas
Koh, and the evidence from the marine surveyors went towards proving the fact
that the illicit transactions had indeed occurred, rather than the appellant’s
role in them.

49 In his skeletal arguments, the appellant highlighted that the bunker clerks
who gave evidence for the Prosecution did not actually see any money change
hands and therefore the district judge was in error when he held that “their
[the bunker clerks’] testimonies directly implicated the Accused”. I saw no
merit in this argument. The district judge had based his finding on the bunker
clerks’ evidence, which had unequivocally implicated the appellant with the
ingredients of abetment by conspiracy of an offence under s 6(b) of the PCA.
The fact that three of them did not see any money change hands, in the
circumstances and the totality of the evidence, did not render such a finding
plainly wrong or against the weight of evidence to warrant appellate
intervention.

50 I therefore saw no reason to interfere with any of the district judge’s
assessments of the witnesses.

**_Whether the district judge had erred in impeaching the credit of William
Ng, whose testimony supported the appellant’s version_**

51 I considered the reasons given by the district judge in his decision
toimpeach William Ng’s credibility. One was that William Ng had dogmatically
suggested that there could _never_ be a short supply during bunkering. This
was understandably seen to be an unreasonable assertion. The district judge
also noted material inconsistencies between William Ng’s evidence in court and
his earlier investigation statement (PE55) recorded on 19 November 2001 by
Senior Station Inspector Bay Chun How (“SSI Bay). PE55 described the buy-back
transactions carried out at CBS and the appellant’s involvement in them, and
was fully consistent with the Prosecution’s version. At trial, William Ng
categorically denied the existence of any practice of buy-back transactions at
CBS. The district judge concluded that PE55 was properly recorded and that
William Ng had failed to provide a reasonable explanation for the
irreconcilable conflict between the two versions he had provided. The district
judge therefore impeached William Ng’s credibility as a witness pursuant to s
157(c) of the EA.

52 The appellant attempted to challenge the impeachment of William Ng by
questioning the propriety of the circumstances under which PE55 was recorded
and alleged that SSI Bay had somehow “fashioned” PE55’s contents.
Significantly, the appellant stopped short of alleging that there was any
inducement, threat, or promise made to William Ng in the recording of PE55.
William Ng had not disputed that the contents of PE55 were voluntarily made.
It was therefore clear to me that there was no question that PE55 was not
admissible in evidence. Given this, the district judge was fully entitled to
impeach William Ng’s credit pursuant to s 157(c) of the EA, which provides:

The credit of a witness may be impeached … by the adverse party or, with the
consent of the court, by the party who calls him by proof of former statements
inconsistent with any part of his evidence which is liable to be contradicted.

53 An impeachment is essentially a finding of a witness’s lack of credibility.
It serves to disparage or undermine a witness’s character and reliability and
worth, and reminds the court to carefully scrutinise the whole of the evidence
given by the impeached witness to determine which aspect might be true and
which should be disregarded. A conclusion as to credibility (or the lack
thereof), as I have stated above in relation to the testimony of Henry Low,
can only be disturbed on appeal if it was against the weight of the evidence
or plainly wrong: _Syed Jafaralsadeg bin Abdul Kadir v PP_ ([34] _supra_). The
appellant failed to show that the district judge’s finding that PE55 was
recorded properly, and the concomitant impeachment of William Ng’s
credibility, was either plainly wrong or against the weight of evidence such
that appellate intervention was warranted.

**Appeal against conviction dismissed**

54 I was not convinced by any of the three submissions raised by the appellant
and dismissed his appeal against conviction accordingly. I turned to consider
the appellant’s submissions on sentence.

**The appeal against sentence**

55 The district judge had sentenced the appellant to a total of six months’
imprisonment and $240,000 in fines. Each of the six offences carried a $40,000
fine and two months’ imprisonment; three of the imprisonment sentences were
ordered to run concurrently. In his sentencing decision, the district judge
noted that there were no mitigating factors but there were, on the other hand,
a number of aggravating factors. The aggravating factors were:

(a) The fact that the appellant’s conspiracy to bribe the marine surveyors was
part of a larger scheme to defraud CBS customers by inducing them to pay for
cargo they did not receive.

(b) The offences were easy to commit but extremely difficult to detect.

(c) The appellant was driven by pure greed and profited immensely from the
illicit transactions.

(d) The appellant was a senior executive who abused the trust reposed in his
position, and fostered a work culture founded on deceit and corruption at CBS.
This was particularly reprehensible given that the appellant was a prominent
member of the bunkering industry.

(e) The appellant showed no remorse for his actions, sought to mislead the
court during the trial, and made baseless allegations against the
Prosecution’s witnesses.

(f) The appellant’s actions had the potential to adversely affect public
confidence in the independence of marine surveyors and Singapore’s bunkering
industry.

56 I recently reiterated in _Ong Ah Tiong v PP_ [2004] 1 SLR 587 that an
appellate court may only interfere with sentence if it is satisfied that (a)
the sentencing judge made the wrong decision as to the proper factual basis
for sentence; (b) there was an error on the part of the trial judge in
appreciating the material placed before him; (c) the sentence was wrong in
principle; or (d) the sentence imposed was manifestly excessive or inadequate:
_Tan Koon Swan v PP_ [1986] SLR 126, _Lim Poh Tee v PP_ [2001] 1 SLR 674. The
appellant argued that the sentences passed by the district judge were in
breach of limbs (c) and/or (d), on the following grounds:

(a) The district judge had failed to apply the general principle that the
giver of gratification bears equal culpability as the receiver in a case
involving corruption in a commercial context;

(b) The district judge had failed to appreciate that the sentencing norm for
corruption offences committed in a commercial context does not carry a
custodial sentence; and

(c) The district judge had erred in not having appreciated that all the aims
of sentencing, including the public interest, would have been adequately
served by the imposition of fines and the revocation of licences in these
circumstances.

I proceeded to consider each of these arguments in turn.

**_Whether the district judge had failed to apply the general principle that
the giver of gratification bears equal culpability as the receiver in a case
involving corruption in a commercial context_**

57 The appellant cited the following passage from _Chua Tiong Tiong v PP_
[2001] 3 SLR 425, where I held at [21] that:

[I]n most cases the giver of gratification bears equal culpability to that of
the receiver. Sentences meted out should therefore be similar in terms. There
are cases where a giver will not warrant a similar punishment as that of the
receiver, such as when a giver was under compulsion or some form of pressure
to give. In that situation, it is reasonable to punish the receiver more
harshly than the giver. Conversely, there are instances where a giver bears
equal, if not more, culpability than the receiver, and this is where the giver
intends to corrupt the establishment of law and order for his private gain,
and/or gives or offers bribes to pervert the course of justice. In these
cases, the giver deserves more punishment.

This was a statement of general principle and the exceptions therein were non-
exhaustive examples of when it did not apply. The appellant recognised this
and argued that a giver would only bear more culpability and be justifiably
given a harsher sentence than the receiver in a situation where the _same
rationale_ for the second example in the passage above exists, that is, where
the integrity of public service and the administration of justice would be
jeopardised by the act of corruption involved. For convenience, I shall term
this concern the “public service rationale”. It was my concern for the public
service rationale that led me to state in _Chua Tiong Tiong v PP_ at [17]
that:

I accepted the grave issue of public interest at stake in the present case.
Eradicating corruption in our society is of primary concern, and has been so
for many years. This concern becomes all the more urgent where public servants
are involved, whose very core duties are to ensure the smooth administration
and functioning of this country. Dependent as we are upon the confidence in
those running the administration, any loss of such confidence through
corruption becomes dangerous to its existence and inevitably leads to the
corrosion of those forces, in the present case the police force, which sustain
democratic institutions. I highlighted this in _Meeran bin Mydin v PP_ [[1998]
2 SLR 522], approving the words of the trial judge in that case (at [18]):

Acts of corruption must be effectively and decisively dealt with. Otherwise
the very foundation of our country will be seriously undermined.

58 Mr Davinder Singh highlighted that none of the marine surveyors who were
charged and convicted received custodial sentences and that the present
circumstances involved corruption offences in a commercial context. According
to the appellant, the public service rationale was not relevant in a
commercial context. Since the public service rationale was absent, the
appellant could not have intended to compromise the public service rationale
for his private gain. Mr Davinder Singh opined that therefore, the appellant
should not have received a custodial sentence, otherwise the equal culpability
principle would be breached. I was of the opinion that it was not a necessary
result that the absence of a public service rationale coupled with the fact
that the receivers of the corrupt gratification in this case did not receive
custodial sentences should lead to the appellant not receiving a custodial
sentence by virtue of the equal culpability principle.

59 Mr Davinder Singh’s argument, though eloquently presented, was premised
upon a misunderstanding of the passage cited from _Chua Tiong Tiong v PP_
above and a misapplication of the equal culpability principle. What the
principle does is to provide a starting point, and the position is that there
is no qualitative difference between a giver and a receiver in a corruption
offence. The fact that one is a giver or a receiver does not, as such, affect
his degree of culpability for the corrupt transaction in question. The public
service rationale underpinning the example given in _Chua Tiong Tiong v PP_
applies to both the giver and the receiver. It amplifies the culpability of
both parties. This method of analysis is consistent with the principle of
equal culpability. The second example from the passage cited from _Chua Tiong
Tiong v PP_ above is an instance where the giver would be deemed _more
culpable_ than the receiver, because he _intended_ to corrupt the public
service for his private gain. Although the public service rationale would also
have warranted a custodial sentence in all likelihood for the receiver
contemplated in that example, I had in mind a giver who had a higher degree of
malice than the receiver. The giver would then have received a heavier
custodial sentence. I did not mean that a giver in a corruption transaction
that undermines the public service rationale would be more culpable _per se_
than the receiver. There may well be situations where the reverse is true, for
example, where the public servant or officer in question unreservedly abuses
his office to extort corrupt gratification.

60 On the other hand, the absence of a public service rationale (if it was
indeed absent) does not operate to equalise culpability between the parties.
The particular circumstances of the persons involved in the corruption would
be determinative of their relative degrees of culpability.

61 The pertinent question in the instant appeal was therefore whether
culpability was equal as between the marine surveyors and the appellant. I
accepted all the aggravating factors the district judge detailed (at [56],
_supra_) as having been present, and was therefore of the opinion that
culpability was not equal as between the marine surveyors and the appellant.
The first ground of appeal against sentence therefore failed, as the principle
of equal culpability was not breached by the fact that the appellant received
a custodial sentence while the marine surveyors did not.

**_Whether the district judge failed to appreciate that the sentencing norm
for corruption offences committed in a commercial context does not carry a
custodial sentence_**

62 The appellant contended that corruption offences that occur in a commercial
context generally attract non-custodial sentences. As such, the district judge
had erred in having departed from established benchmarks by sentencing the
appellant to custodial sentences for the charges here. Two unreported
judgments reproduced in _Sentencing Practice in the Subordinate Courts_ (2nd
Ed, 2003), at 864, were cited by the appellant: _Lee Keng Hong v PP_ ,
District Arrest Cases Nos 9311 and 9344 of 1996, and _Ching Wai Leng v PP_ ,
District Arrest Case No 30027 of 1996. In those cases the offenders were both
fined for corruption offences committed under s 6(b) of the PCA. The appellant
also cited _PP v Lim Kim Huat_ , District Arrest Case No 61355 of 2002, where
the offender (a bunker supplier as well) was fined for an offence committed
under s 6(b) of the PCA as a result of a similar buy-back transaction. These
cases did not involve public servants or officers of public bodies; none of
the offenders were imprisoned.

63 There are two closely related strands to the arguments of the appellant in
this portion of his submissions. First, that corruption offences committed in
the commercial context should attract non-custodial sentences. Second, that
the courts have recognised this and it would therefore be a mistake to depart
from the established sentencing benchmarks. I considered these two strands
together, but for the sake of clarity I shall deal with them in turn.

64 The appellant cited the case of _PP v Chew Suang Heng_ [2001] 1 SLR 692 at
[9], where I stated:

There is no doubt that attempting to bribe a law enforcement officer and
interfering in the proper course of police investigations is a serious
offence. Generally, corruption offences involving law enforcement officers or
other public servants attract harsher penalties and custodial sentences as
compared to similar offences committed in commercial dealings and in the
private sector.

65 The appellant had also cited _PP v Yeoh Hock Lam_ [2001] SGDC 212,
unreported judgment dated 9 July 2001. The district judge presiding in that
case had juxtaposed corruption in the public arena with that in the private
sector (at [22] and [24]):

This was not a typical corrupt transaction where one party obtains a bribe
which rewards or conduces to unlawful conduct interfering with the
administration of justice … But in the final analysis, the transactions had
taken place in a ‘commercial’ context.

Where the amount of gratification received is relatively low, and where it is
not in excess of $30,000, a substantial fine will _usually be adequate_
punishment. The offender will have to forfeit his ill-gotten gratification as
well. This is the established sentencing practice where the offenders are not
public officers and there is no taint on the integrity of the public service.
I did not see any justification to impose a different sentence on the accused.

[emphasis added]

It was clear that the district judge’s statements above did not stand for the
proposition that corruption in a commercial context _cannot_ be punished with
imprisonment, although it _usually_ is adequate. Indeed, the PCA expressly
provides for the imposition of imprisonment sentences regardless of whether
the offence was committed in the public arena. Of course, whether a custodial
sentence is warranted in a particular case is determined upon a careful
consideration of sentencing principles such as the public interest and other
policy considerations, as well as the gravity of the offence including the
particular facts and circumstances thereof: _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ [1999] 2 SLR
523.

66 The distinction drawn by the appellant between corruption offences in the
context of the private sector and/or commercial dealings _vis-à-vis_
corruption offences involving government servants and officers of public
bodies was stiff and artificial. The general statement that I made in _PP v
Chew Suang Heng_ was based on the presumption that public servants and
officers of public bodies who commit a corruption offence in the course of
their duties would have breached the public service rationale articulated in
_Chua Tiong Tiong v PP_. This presumption was adopted by the Legislature in s
8 of the PCA, which provides:

Where in any proceedings against a person for an offence under section 5 or 6,
it is proved that any gratification has been paid or given to or received by a
person in the employment of the Government or any department thereof or of a
public body by or from a person or agent of a person who has or seeks to have
any dealing with the Government or any department thereof or any public body,
that gratification shall be deemed to have been paid or given and received
corruptly as an inducement or reward as hereinbefore mentioned unless the
contrary is proved.

67 It cannot, however, be said that only corruption offences committed by
public servants or officers of public bodies run afoul of the public service
rationale. Corruption offences committed in the private sector may do so as
well, although there is no similar presumption that they do. Private
corporations today provide many public service functions; the direct and
indirect impact that these private sector organisations have on the lives of
our citizens as well as the smooth running and administration of this country
can be palpable. An example where a private sector organisation can have a
direct impact on such matters is where it is awarded the tender for a
government contract for the provision of public services and/or utilities. The
impact of corruption offences on the public service rationale, as articulated
in _Chua Tiong Tiong v PP_ , may therefore be similarly applied to include
instances where it is directly or indirectly infringed by private sector
organisations. Of course, there will be cases where corruption offences in the
private sector have little, if any, bearing on the public service rationale,
and these cases will naturally be treated more leniently. These considerations
make it untenable to draw a strict line between corruption offences committed
in the private sector and those committed in the public arena.

68 I was of the view that the corrupt actions of the appellant, although in
the context of the private sector, had a negative bearing upon the public
service rationale. As the district judge found, the appellant’s actions had
the potential to adversely affect public confidence in the independence of
marine surveyors and Singapore’s bunkering industry. His actions were
particularly reprehensible given that the appellant was a prominent member of
the bunkering industry. Further, as I had noted, corruption offences such as
those committed by the appellant have been escalating in number. The
prevalence of an offence is an important consideration in deciding upon an
appropriate sentence in furtherance of the public interest, and brings to the
fore the sentencing principle of general deterrence. I was therefore of the
opinion that a custodial sentence was warranted.

69 I turned to deal with the related question of whether the custodial
sentences meted out below were in line with previous sentencing benchmarks. I
found the following passage from _Soong Hee Sin v PP_ [2001] 2 SLR 253 at [12]
to be of assistance:

[T]he regime of sentencing is a matter of law which involves a hotchpotch of
such varied and manifold factors that no two cases can ever be completely
identical in this regard. Whilst past cases are no doubt helpful and sometimes
serve as critical guidelines for the sentencing court, that is also all that
they are, _ie_ mere guidelines only. This is especially so with regard to the
unreported cases, in which the detailed facts and circumstances are hardly, if
ever, disclosed with sufficient clarity to enable any intelligent comparison
to be made. At the end of the day, every case which comes before the courts
must be looked at on its own facts, each particular accused in his own
circumstances, and counsel be kept constantly and keenly apprised of the fact
that it is just not possible to categorise cases based simply on mere numerals
and decimal points.

The three unreported cases (at [62] _supra_) cited by the appellant as
sentencing benchmarks must be seen in this light.

70 _Lee Keng Hong v PP_ involved the managing director of a company, who
attempted twice to pay illegal gratification of around $400 to an auditor (who
had discovered a discrepancy in his company’s products during the course of an
inspection) in the hope that the auditor would be lenient in his inspection.
The offender was fined $3,000 on each of the two charges.

71 In _Ching Wai Leng v PP_ , the offender was the managing director of a
company who had submitted his company’s waterproofing product for the proposed
Singapore Arts Centre. He agreed to give an engineer in charge of the project
a commission of between 1% and 5% of the contract value of a waterproofing
project as a reward for considering his product for submission to the Public
Works Department. He was fined $25,000.

72 In _PP v Lim Kim Huat_ , the offender, a bunker supplier, pleaded guilty to
a charge of corruptly giving illegal gratification amounting to US$15,000 to
the chief engineer of a vessel for a buy-back transaction. He was fined.

73 The district judge in _PP v Yeoh Hock Lam_ held that in the context of
commercial dealings barring exceptional circumstances, offences involving
amounts below $30,000 given as illegal gratification are usually dealt with by
the imposition of substantial fines. Mr Davinder Singh referred me to the
above three cases and contended that since the total amount of corrupt
gratification in all six charges totalled $6,300, the custodial sentences
given diverged from the sentencing benchmark. However, for the reasons
canvassed above, as well as all the aggravating factors detailed by the
district judge, I felt that exceptional circumstances were present in the
instant case which warranted the district judge’s departure from the
sentencing norm and the imposition of a custodial sentence. I turned to the
next submission from the appellant, which raised the question of whether a
custodial sentence was necessary in this case.

**_Whether the district judge had erred in not having appreciated that the
public interest would have been adequately served by the imposition of fines
and the revocation of licences in these circumstances._**

74 The appellant referred me to _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ ([65] _supra_), where I
examined the various principles a sentencing court has to consider. These
included the objectives of retribution, deterrence, rehabilitation, and
prevention. All these may be included under the all-encompassing public
interest principle, which concerns itself with a wide range of other competing
policy considerations. The following remarks of Hilbery J in _R v Ball_ (1951)
35 Cr App R 164 at 165–166 were cited by me in _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ , and I
find it useful to refer to them again here:

In deciding the appropriate sentence, a Court should always be guided by
certain considerations. The first and foremost is the public interest. The
criminal law is publicly enforced, not only with the object of punishing
crime, but also in the hope of preventing it. A proper sentence, passed in
public, serves the public interest in two ways. It may deter others who might
be tempted to try crime as seeming to offer easy money on the supposition,
that if the offender is caught and brought to justice, the punishment will be
negligible. Such a sentence may also deter the particular criminal from
committing a crime again, or induce him to turn from a criminal to an honest
life.

75 I had also held in _PP v Tan Fook Sum_ at [20] that:

In another sense the public interest principle often means the protection of
the public. For instance, it varies in proportion to the prevalence of the
offence in question. Where an offence is prevalent, a more severe sentence may
be meted out to mark the court’s disapproval and to acknowledge the
seriousness of the offence. … Perhaps, in the final analysis, the public
interest principle can be reduced to this (Tan Yock Lin, _Criminal Procedure_
, Ch XVIII at paras 655-701):

The truth is that the public interest principle is all encompassing, as for
instance is the view in one place: “Public interest varies according to the
time, place and circumstances of each case including its nature and
prevalence. What may be public interest in one place may differ from another.”
_In this all encompassing sense, sentencing boils down to striking the “true”
balance between the public interest and the interest of the offender_.

[emphasis in original]

76 The same reasons I had articulated in explaining the departure from the
sentencing benchmarks apply equally to answer the appellant’s argument that
fines, in this case, would be sufficient to serve the public interest. I was
of the view that the potential negative repercussions of corruption offences
of this nature, as well as their prevalence of late, necessitated a strong
message to be sent to the appellant and other would-be offenders by the
imposition of a custodial sentence. I was also mindful of the fact that the
appellant, and others like him, had profited handsomely from these corruption
offences. It was therefore clear to me the public interest necessitated a
custodial sentence to be imposed on the appellant. I was not convinced
otherwise by the following arguments made by the appellant.

77 The appellant argued that the public interest in this case was mainly
concerned with the preservation of Singapore’s attractiveness as a leading
bunkering port. He admitted that corruption offences such as these would give
rise to a risk that the integrity of the bunker trade in Singapore would be
undermined. This would, in turn, adversely affect the economy. However, he
maintained that there was “compelling evidence” that these negative
consequences could and had already been fully redressed _via_ the imposition
of fines and the revocation of the relevant licences, such that a custodial
sentence was wholly unnecessary. The appellant cited reports from newspapers
and a speech from a Senior Minister of State to the effect that Singapore’s
bunkering industry was still healthy given the effectiveness of “a no-nonsense
approach to corruption”, and that “a number of bunker surveyors were
prosecuted in court for taking bribes”. There were three problems with the
above arguments.

78 First, although the public interest rationale of sentencing in the present
case included the preservation of Singapore’s bunkering industry, it was by no
means the only consideration taken into account by the district judge. The
impact of the appellant’s actions on the bunkering industry was one of many
aggravating factors listed by the district judge, which in their totality
pointed to the suitability of a custodial sentence. The appellant’s argument
also rested on the assumption that the culpability of the surveyors who were
prosecuted was equal to his. This was certainly not true.

79 Second, it was by no means clear that the newspapers reports and the
various statements were “compelling evidence” of his proposition. It was pure
conjecture on the part of the appellant to say that the fines and revocation
of licences were by themselves determinative factors of the continued health
of Singapore’s bunkering industry. The relevant government bodies have taken
other qualitative measures (_eg_ enhancing bunker survey services through
accreditation schemes and improved sampling methods) that must have
contributed to the continued competitiveness of the bunkering industry.

80 Third, it was patently clear to me that fines and the revocation of
licences alone as punishment would certainly be insufficient here. In view of
the handsome but illegal profits made by the appellant as a result of the
offences, an offender like him could conveniently pay off his fines (and lose
his licence) without much hardship. This would make our criminal justice
system and its penalties susceptible to a cost benefit analysis and be
perceived by offenders (such as the appellant) as an allowable risk in their
criminal endeavours. This would be highly inimical to the principle I had
expressed, in the context of a cheating offence, in the recent case of
_Rupchand Bhojwani Sunil v PP_ [2004] 1 SLR 596 at [28]:

Likewise, when a court is faced with a charge of cheating involving a sum of
money akin to that in this appeal, it has to impose a sentence that has the
potential to deter future similar offences. In that respect, a fine, though
appropriate in other situations, would not have a deterrent effect in cases
that are similar to this appeal. A potential offender should never be afforded
the opportunity to ponder that he could cheat others of large sums of money
and still “get away lightly” by being fined up to only a certain statutory
limit. The criminal law should never become a “business” of sorts.

81 I turned to consider the appellant’s mitigation plea.

**Mitigation plea**

82 The appellant raised two new matters in mitigation for my consideration.
First, he asked me to consider the fact that he was diagnosed with an acute
eye disease sometime in 2003. Sufferers of this disease experience pain and
visual impairment due to inflammation, and the disease may eventually cause
blindness. The appellant also suffers from secondary diseases and low vision.
The ill health of the offender is only considered as a mitigating factor in
exceptional cases as an act of mercy: _PP v Ong Ker Seng_ [2001] 4 SLR 180. An
example is where the offender suffers from a terminal illness. The present
status of the appellant’s ailment was not sufficiently serious for me to
consider it an exceptional case.

83 Second, the appellant asked for due consideration to be given to his
generous contributions to good causes in society. He adduced evidence that he
had contributed generously to his church, a hospital for the aged, and various
other worthy causes. This was a factor that I considered together with
appellant’s lack of antecedents as a mitigating factor rather than as a
discrete category. I was of the view that these matters were not of sufficient
weight to offset the aggravating factors present and the fact that the
appellant had been convicted of multiple offences: _Wan Kim Hock v PP_ [2003]
1 SLR 410, _Chen Weixiong Jerriek v PP_ [2003] 2 SLR 334. In any case, the
appellant has not provided such distinguished public service or services of
substantial value to the community that should stand him in any better stead
here: _Knight Glenn Jeyasingam v PP_ [1992] 1 SLR 720.

**Appeal against sentence dismissed**

84 In the result, I dismissed the appeal against sentence. On the appellant’s
request, I allowed for a determent of the commencement date of the custodial
sentence.

Appeals against conviction and sentence dismissed.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 14 Apr 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

