Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## MAE Engineering Ltd v Fire-Stop Marketing Services Pte Ltd  
[2004] SGCA 54

Case Number | : | CA 49/2004, Suit 287/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 November 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | Court of Appeal  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Lai Siu Chiu J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Tan Kok Quan and Karam Singh Parmar (Tan Kok Quan Partnership) for the appellant; John Chung and Tan Yeow Hiang (Kelvin Chia Partnership) for the respondent   
Parties | : |  MAE Engineering Ltd — Fire-Stop Marketing Services Pte Ltd   
  
Contract – Contractual terms – Rules of construction – Contract stating
respondent to supply and install cladding to 5,000m2 of duct for $400,000 –
Whether payment should be based on area of cladded or uncladded duct – Whether
evidence of antecedent agreement can be taken into account – Whether
commercial sense of court can override words of contract – Whether court can
look to subsequent conduct of parties to interpret written contract  
  
Equity – Estoppel – Estoppel by convention – Whether appellant estopped from
contending that payment should be based on area of uncladded duct  
  

23 November 2004

Lai Siu Chiu J (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an appeal by a building sub-contractor against a decision of the
High Court in interpreting a term in the sub-contract against the sub-
contractor. At the conclusion of the hearing, we allowed the above appeal. We
now give our reasons.

**The background**

2 The appellant, MAE Engineering Ltd (“MAE”), was the air-conditioning,
mechanical and ventilation (“ACMV”) sub-contractor for The Esplanade –
Theatres on the Bay (“the project”). The main contractor of the project was
Penta-Ocean Construction Company Ltd and the project consultant was PWD
Consultants.

3 Sometime in June 1999, MAE invited the respondent, Fire-Stop Marketing
Services Pte Ltd (“Fire-Stop”), to tender for the supply and installation of
fire-rated board cladding to the ACMV duct of the project. Based on MAE’s
estimate that some 5,000m² of the ACMV duct required cladding, Fire-Stop
quoted a price of $95 per m² for the supply and installation of two-hour fire-
rated board cladding under the “Cape Monolux 40” board system and $185 per m²
for the four-hour fire-rated option. At the request of MAE, Fire-Stop revised
and lowered the prices to $85 per m² and $165 per m² respectively. However,
MAE was still not satisfied. By a fax dated 30 June 1999 to MAE from its sales
manager Tan Seng Huat (“S H Tan”), Fire-Stop further reduced its price for
two-hour fire-rated board to $80 per m² (“the revised price”). The fax stated:

Base [_sic_] on information given, Total Area of ACMV Duct to be fire rate
[_sic_] estimate at 5,000m²

Price for supply & install for 2 hour fire rating = $80/m²

4 MAE accepted the revised price and on 30 November 1999, two documents were
signed, the first being form T/007, which was an agreement by Fire-Stop to
keep its offer open until its appointment was approved by the owners and
consultant of the project. The first paragraph of T/007 stated:

During our recent evaluation exercise re the above Project, M/s Fire Stop
Marketing Services Pte Ltd represented by Mr S H Tan, the final lump sum offer
price to MAE Engineering Pte Ltd (MAE) is S$400,000/- (Singapore Dollars Four
Hundred Thousand Only) (5,000m² x $80/m²). In consideration of S$1 (the
receipt of which you acknowledged) this offer price to MAE remains valid and
irrevocable throughout MAE’s negotiations in seeking the approval and final
decision from the customer and consultant. If final approval is given, you
have agreed to enter into a contract with MAE.

5 The second document signed that day was form T/008 (although it was dated 23
June 1999). T/008 contained the revised price and the lump sum figure of
$400,000. Both forms were subsequently referred to in the pre-award letter
dated 2 December 1999 (“the pre-contract document”) from MAE to Fire-Stop. The
fourth paragraph thereof stated:

… MAE accept [Fire-Stop’s] fully compliance [_sic_] offer for the supply,
delivery, installation, warranty and endorsement of 2 Hours Fire-Rated Board
Cladding to ACMV Duct with ‘Cape’ Monolux 40 Board System for a lump sum price
of $400,000/- (SIN DLR Four Hundred Thousand Only). …

6 The pre-contract document was formalised in a sub-contract agreement dated
17 April 2000 (“the sub-contract”). Clause 1 of the sub-contract reads as
follows:

SCOPE OF WORK AND CONDITIONS

1.1 This Sub-Contract Agreement is for the provision of Supply, Delivery,
Installation, Warranty & Endorsement of 2 Hours Fire Rated Board Cladding to
5,000M² of ACMV Ductwork with ‘Cape’ Monolux 40 Board System in accordance
with the specifications and drawings.

…

If the contract is as stated remeasurable then final payment shall be subject
to final measurements which will be based on the as built drawings.

1.2 All qualifications made by the Sub-Contractor to the accepted sub-contract
amount and scope of work are deemed to be withdrawn unless they have been
previously accepted by MAE in writing. The Sub-Contractor has fully
familiarized himself with all drawings and specifications necessary to execute
the above works.

**Method of cladding and mode of payment**

7 Whenever a particular area of the duct required cladding, MAE would issue a
works order to Fire-Stop, attaching therewith sketches of the area to be
cladded. Upon receipt of the works order, Fire-Stop would deliver the cladding
material and commence installation at the specified area. After the work was
completed, a joint inspection and measurement exercise would be carried out by
representatives of both MAE and Fire-Stop. The quantities of cladding material
used would be verified and measurements of the external surface area of the
cladded duct would be taken. These would be recorded in delivery orders
(“DOs”) which were verified by MAE’s representatives. Once MAE confirmed that
the quantities of materials and measurements were correct, its representatives
would sign and stamp the DOs with the following remarks:

I/We … hereby acknowledge that the above quantities/measurements are certified
correct as per measurement conducted on site.

This confirms delivery of Quantity Only. Quality and Performance subject to
approvals by Consultant/Owner. Other additional terms in this DO are excluded.

**The claim**

8 Fire-Stop prepared interim payment claims based on the endorsed DOs and
submitted a total of 17 claims altogether. MAE paid 14 of the claims amounting
to $687,779.80 (excluding goods and services tax (“GST”)) and refused to pay
the balance of $310,305.61 (excluding GST), prompting Fire-Stop to commence
the present suit.

9 In defence, MAE claimed that Fire-Stop’s cladding work was defective and
incomplete. It further alleged there were no outstanding payments due to Fire-
Stop. MAE counterclaimed the sum of $168,664.29 (excluding GST) which it said
it had overpaid Fire-Stop.

**Proceedings below**

10 In the court below, the parties had agreed, after the trial started, to
confine their dispute in respect of the claim and counterclaim to the
following agreed issue:

Whether on the true and proper construction of the sub-contract document and
having regard to all the documents, affidavits and evidence before the court,
payment to the plaintiffs should be based on the area of the cladded ACMV duct
or the area of the uncladded ACMV duct ...

In the event the court decides that payment should be based on the area of
cladded ACMV duct, the total amount payable by the defendants to the
plaintiffs shall be $310,305.61 (excluding 3% GST).

In the event the court decides that payment should be based on the area of the
uncladded ACMV duct, the total amount payable by the plaintiffs to the
defendants shall be $168,664.29 (excluding 3% GST).

11 It was common ground that the total area of ACMV actually cladded by Fire-
Stop exceeded 5,000m² which figure the parties agreed was only MAE’s estimate.
At no time did MAE attempt to hold Fire-Stop to the ostensible lump sum
contract price of $400,000 as it was willing to pay for the additional area
cladded over and above 5,000m². What the parties disagreed on was the basis of
measurement for the cladding work done by Fire-Stop,

12 Fire-Stop’s stand at the trial was that it should be paid based on the
external surface area of the cladded ACMV duct. MAE, on the other hand,
contended that payment to Fire-Stop should be based on the area of the
uncladded ACMV duct. Since the cladding was attached to a thick layer of
rockwool and it was wrapped around the external surface of the duct as well as
the supports and hangers, the external area of a cladded duct was greater than
that of an uncladded duct. Consequently, the value of cladding work based on
the area of the cladded duct was therefore higher than that based on the area
of the uncladded duct.

**The decision below**

13 The trial judge ruled in favour of Fire-Stop’s basis of measurement and
accordingly awarded judgment to Fire-Stop in the agreed sum of $310,305.61
(excluding GST). He noted that the sub-contract was silent as to the mode of
measurement for computing the payment due to Fire-Stop. As it was not disputed
that the figure of 5,000m² of the ACMV to be cladded was only an estimate, he
found that the ostensible lump sum price of $400,000 stated in the sub-
contract did not have any significance. He was of the view that the parties
had merely agreed that Fire-Stop would be paid the revised price for the work
done and materials supplied. The only question that remained to be answered
was whether the revised price should apply to the uncladded or the cladded
areas.

14 In awarding judgment to Fire-Stop, the judge below rejected the argument
put forward by MAE that the ordinary meaning of the words in the pre-contract
document (see [5] and [6] _supra)_ and in the sub-contract itself indicated
that payment should be based on the area of the uncladded duct.

15 The judge disagreed with MAE’s interpretation and held that the figure
5,000m² was _meaningless_ since it was only an estimate and the precise area
of the uncladded duct was never known. In finding that Fire-Stop was entitled
to be paid on the basis of the area of the cladded duct, the judge observed
(in [23] of the judgment ([2004] SGHC 116):

On the evidence, it is even too late to measure the amount of cladding, as
most of it has been covered or is not accessible without a disproportionate
breaking-up of the premises. The term [5,000m2] was merely a description of
the nature of work and it was not meant to define the quantity of work, for
which there would be re-measurement as work progressed. The unit rates worked
out seemed within commercial range. I do not think that any supplier and
installer of such cladding would quote a lump sum for a contract over which
the quantity is not known.

He accordingly awarded judgment to Fire-Stop on its claim and dismissed MAE’s
counterclaim.

**The appeal**

16 The primary issue before us was whether, on the true and proper
construction of the sub-contract, payment to Fire-Stop should be based on the
uncladded or cladded areas of the ACMV duct.

**_The meaning of the figures 5,000m² and $400,000_**

17 The principles applicable to the construction of contracts are well
established. The object of the construction exercise is to determine the
mutual intention of the parties as expressed in the words of the document (see
_Estate of Seow Khoon Seng v Pacific Century Regional Developments Ltd_ [1997]
1 SLR 509 at [23]). The task of ascertaining the intention of the parties must
be approached objectively; the question is not what one or the other of the
parties meant or understood by the words used, but the meaning the document
would convey to a reasonable person having all the background knowledge which
would reasonably have been available to the parties at the time of the
contract (see also _Chitty on Contracts_ vol 1 (28th Ed, 1999) para 12-043;
_Investors Compensation Scheme Ltd v West Bromwich Building Society_ [1998] 1
WLR 896 at 912). The words used by the parties should be construed in their
ordinary and natural meaning, unless the context requires otherwise (see _Lim
Bio Hiong_ _Roger v City Developments Ltd_ [2000] 1 SLR 289 at [26]).

18 Counsel for MAE submitted that on a true and proper construction of the
sub-contract, payment ought to have been calculated on the basis of the area
of the _uncladded_ ACMV duct. The preamble clearly stated:

Further to your confirmation ref FS/06/6848/99 dated 30/6/1999 agreed Lump Sum
price of S$400,000.00 (SINDLRS Four Hundred Thousand Only) we hereby confirm
the award for the provision of Supply, Delivery, Installation, Warranty &
Endorsement of 2 Hours Fire Rated Board Cladding _to_ 5000M² of ACMV Ductwork
… [emphasis added]

Clause 1.1 reiterated:

This Sub-Contract Agreement is for the provision of _Supply, Delivery,
Installation, Warranty & Endorsement of 2 Hours Fire Rated Board Cladding to
5000M² of ACMV Ductwork_ … [emphasis added]

19 On a plain and ordinary reading, therefore, _5,000m²_ must have referred to
the area of _5,000m²_ of the uncladded duct since the cladding was to be
installed to the _5,000m²_ of ACMV ductwork. Counsel took issue with Fire-
Stop’s contention that the term was ambiguous and could also refer to the area
of the cladded duct. That would mean MAE would in effect be asking Fire-Stop
to install cladding to an area of ductwork that was already cladded. Contrary
to Fire-Stop’s argument, the language of the sub-contract was plain and
unequivocal – the natural meaning of the words indicated that the figure
_5,000m²_ must have referred to the area of the uncladded duct. Fire-Stop’s
managing director Steven Yeong[1]himself confirmed in cross-examination that
the parties had been dealing with each other on the basis that the 5,000m²
referred to the area of the uncladded ACMV duct:[2]

Q: Do you agree that the “5,000m²” referred to the area of the duct and not
the cladding?

A: Yes.

20 The trial judge had ascribed no significance to the figure _5,000m²._
Counsel for MAE disagreed, pointing out that the figures _5,000m²_ and
_$400,000_ were terms in the sub-contract and should be construed together. He
submitted that the two figures explained the basis for the revised rate, _viz_
, _how_ the parties intended to ascertain the final contract price, not _what_
was the final contract price. Every contract should be construed as a whole
and no words should be ignored, omitted or glossed over. Counsel relied for
this proposition on _Citicorp Investment Bank_ _(Singapore_) _Ltd v Wee Ah
Kee_ [1997] 2 SLR 759 at [72], following the appellate court’s earlier
decision in _Wong Kai Chung v Automobile Association of Singapore_ [1993] 2
SLR 577 at 582, [10].

21 We agreed that the fact that the quoted area of 5,000m² was only an
estimate did not necessarily mean that it carried no weight whatsoever. The
area of 5,000m², taken together with the lump sum price of $400,000, was the
only indication of the basis of payment in the entire sub-contract. Its
inclusion could hardly be dismissed as superfluous or _meaningless_. Since the
parties had explicitly agreed that MAE would pay Fire-Stop $400,000 for
cladding 5,000m² of the uncladded duct, this would suggest that the revised
rate should apply to the uncladded duct.

22 On its part, Fire-Stop contended that even if _5,000m²_ was held to refer
to the area of the uncladded duct, it did not necessarily indicate that
_payment_ should also be based on the area of the uncladded duct.

23 If one were to read the sub-contract in isolation from the surrounding
circumstances, this may be an arguable proposition. However, it is trite law
that when construing a contract, the court must also look at the factual
matrix in which the agreement was made, as the surrounding circumstances
including “the ‘genesis’ and ‘aim’ of the transaction” are relevant: _Prenn v
Simmonds_ [1971] 1 WLR 1381 at 1385. As Lord Wilberforce explained in _Reardon
Smith Line Ltd v Hansen-Tangen_ [1976] 1 WLR 989 at 995–996 (approved by the
Court of Appeal in _Mt Elizabeth Hospital Ltd v Allan Ng Clinic for Women_
[1994] 3 SLR 639 at 652, [35]):

No contracts are made in a vacuum: there is always a setting in which they
have to be placed. The nature of what is legitimate to have regard to is
usually described as “the surrounding circumstances” but this phrase is
imprecise: it can be illustrated but hardly defined. In a commercial contract
it is certainly right that the court should know the commercial purpose of the
contract and this in turn presupposes knowledge of the genesis of the
transaction, the background, the context, the market in which the parties are
operating.

and at 997:

[W]hat the court must do must be to place itself in thought in the same
factual matrix as that in which the parties were.

24 Although evidence of prior negotiations is inadmissible as it does not
represent any consensus between the parties, evidence of an antecedent
agreement is an objective fact that the court should take into account as part
of the “factual matrix” in which the parties made their contract (Kim Lewison,
_The Interpretation of Contracts_ (3rd Ed, 2004) at para 3.05). In the present
case, the parties did sign a pre-award document which incorporated forms T/007
and T/008. The document clearly provided that Fire-Stop would be paid
“S$400,000 (Singapore Dollars Four Hundred Thousand Only) (_5,000m² x $80m²_)”
for the cladding work. The underlined formula demonstrates that the area of
_5,000m²_ did more than simply specify the amount of work Fire-Stop was
required to perform; it was obviously a vital component of the basis of
payment as well. The fact that the figure _S$400,000_ corresponded exactly to
the revised rate based on the area of the uncladded duct could hardly be a
coincidence.

25 We were of the view that the factual matrix of the sub-contract, including
the pre-award document, reinforced MAE’s case that the revised rate was to be
applied to the area of the uncladded, rather than the cladded, duct. In this
regard, we rejected the submission of counsel for Fire-Stop that it would have
been erroneous for the trial judge to have considered the pre-award document
and forms T/007 and T/008, when the sub-contract only referred to the fax
quotation and not those documents.

**_Commercial sense_**

26 The trial judge noted that the cladding had to be wrapped around not only
the duct itself but also around the supports and hangers. In some instances,
there were also obstructions like pipes and services. As the thickness of the
cladding materials alone was 19mm, he commented (at [18] of the judgment) that
“it would therefore not make commercial sense to quote based on the uncladded
area of the duct”.

27 Two points arise herefrom. First, the perceived “commercial sense” of the
court cannot be allowed to override the words of a contract where they are
clear and unambiguous. We had earlier stated that on a plain and ordinary
reading of the words and figures in the sub-contract, payment should be based
on the area of the uncladded duct. Even if the court below was of the view
that Fire-Stop had entered into an improvident bargain, one cannot ignore the
plain meaning of the words used and hold in favour of what the judge perceived
to be a more commercially sensible arrangement. The court’s task is to
ascertain what the parties mean by the words they use in a contract and
enforce it according to its terms; it should not rewrite the contract. In
_Charter Reinsurance Co Ltd v Fagan_ [1997] AC 313, Lord Mustill noted (at
388):

[T]o force upon the words a meaning which they cannot fairly bear is to
substitute for the bargain actually made one which the court believes could
better have been made. This is an illegitimate role for a court. Particularly
in the field of commerce, where the parties need to know what they must do and
what they can insist on not doing, it is essential for them to be confident
that they can rely on the court to enforce their contract according to its
terms.

28 In any case it is not necessarily incompatible with common sense to find
that payment should have been advanced in accordance with the area of the
uncladded ACMV duct. Fire-Stop had alleged that on this construction of the
sub-contract, it would be paid the same price irrespective of whether the
materials it used cost $50,000 or $100,000 and contended that such a position
“cannot be correct nor what the parties had intended”.[3]

29 This argument is misconceived. The price of materials should already have
been factored into Fire-Stop’s quotation when it first tendered for the
project. Although the trial judge was correct when he observed that the
cladding would also have to wrap around the supports and other obstacles which
would result in more cladding material being used, this did not necessarily
mean that an agreement to pay on the basis of the uncladded duct area was not
commercially viable. The presence of such obstructions was part and parcel of
cladding work which Fire-Stop, as an experienced cladding specialist, would or
should have been aware of. This is supported by cl 1.4 of the sub-contract,
which reads:

… _the contract sum and the rates and prices shall be inclusive of all
ancillary and any other works or expenditure,_ whether or not they are
separately or specifically mentioned or described in this agreement which are
indispensable and deemed necessary to bring to completion an operational
system to the satisfaction of MAE. … [emphasis added]

If there were any genuine unforeseen obstacles that would entail considerably
more work than was originally contemplated by the parties, it was open to
Fire-Stop to request for a written variation for additional payment under cl
1.5 of the sub-contract which states:

This agreement shall in all aspects not [be] subject to any adjustments except
for the following: -

(a) Written Variations only as and when instructed (whether by way of
additions or deletions) by MAE.

(b) The valuation of all variations (addition or deletion) shall be in
accordance to the agreed unit rate with MAE. …

30 In fact, establishing payment on the basis of the area of the uncladded
duct would make more commercial sense. As different cladding systems use
different materials and layering processes, the final cladded area would
differ according to the cladding technique actually used. The final area of
the cladded duct was therefore a matter wholly within the control of the
cladding specialists, and could only be precisely determined after the work
was completed. If the tendered prices were based on the final area of the
cladded duct, it would have been impossible for MAE to accurately compare the
quotations it had obtained, since it was in no position to ascertain the final
price for the work.

31 Given that MAE’s sole concern was to safely insulate the 5,000m² of the
ACMV duct with the most cost-effective cladding system, the final cladded area
was irrelevant for their intents and purposes. The more practical course which
was adopted in the present case was to inform the cladding specialists of the
area of the uncladded duct that required cladding, and then leave it to the
individual designers of the cladding systems to work out the contract price
for cladding that particular area of ductwork, after taking into account the
normal contingencies of cladding work, including wastage.

**_Industry practice_**

32 In so far as industry practice was concerned, the evidence did not point
one way or the other. MAE’s independent expert, Ms Kee Bee Kheng, confirmed
that it was industry practice to use the area of the uncladded duct when
measuring insulation to ductwork. However, her evidence was based on a flawed
reading of the Singapore _Standard Method of Measurement of Building Works_
(Singapore Institute of Surveyors and Valuers, 2nd Ed, 1986). She had relied
on cl 18.16(a) therein which states:

Internal lining and external _insulation to ducts shall be measured in the
same manner as the ducting_ and shall each be given in **m** stating the size
of the ducts. [emphasis added]

The manner of measuring the ducting is provided in cl 18.07(a):

Ducts shall be measured the net length along the centre lines of ducts over
all bends, offsets, diminishing pieces, change of section pieces, junction
pieces, shoes and the like duct fittings and shall be given in **m** stating
the size …

33 It is clear that cl 18.16(a) merely provides that the insulation should be
measured in the same manner as the measurements of the ducts. It does not in
any way state that measurements of insulation such as cladding are equivalent
to the measurements of an uncladded duct for the purposes of payment.

34 Ms Kee had also referred to R.36 of the British _Standard Method of
Measurement of Building Works_ (6th Ed, 1979) to substantiate her opinion. The
rule states:

1\. Insulation to ductwork shall be given in square metres and shall be
_measured the net area in contact with the base of all ducting_ as installed
and overall ducting fittings and joints.

What she neglected to mention was that R.36 is stated as an _alternative_
method of measurement to R.32, which appears to support Fire-Stop’s case, as
the latter rule simply states that the insulation (_viz_ the cladding in this
case) to the ductwork should be measured in metres.

35 Given that there is no compelling evidence that industry practice supports
any particular construction, it was our view that the sub-contract should be
enforced in accordance with the plain and ordinary meaning of its terms, _viz_
, payment should be based on the area of the uncladded duct.

**_Oral agreement_**

36 Fire-Stop’s managing director Steven Yeong had claimed that prior to the
signing of the sub-contract, his sales manager, S H Tan, had assured him that
MAE had agreed to make payment based on the area of the cladded duct.
Tellingly, there was no mention of any such oral agreement in Yeong’s
affidavit evidence. The evidence of S H Tan and Fire-Stop’s project manager,
Joel Chia (“Chia”) also left much to be desired.

37 According to S H Tan,[4] he met MAE’s quality manager, Jimmy Ng (“Ng”),
sometime after Fire-Stop’s fax quotation dated 30 June 1999. At this meeting,
he told Ng that according to Fire-Stop’s practice, measurements would be based
on the external surface area of the duct cladded. Ng did not raise any
objections. When the parties met again to sign the sub-contract in April 2000,
Tan claimed that he reminded Ng that measurements would be based on the area
of the cladded duct. Again Ng did not object.

38 S H Tan’s evidence should be contrasted with Chia’s version of events. Chia
averred that sometime in November 2000, he had gone to see Ng to clarify the
basis of measurement for payment. Ng had apparently mentioned that payment
should be based on the area of the uncladded duct, but Chia retorted that this
was not possible. According to Chia, Ng finally agreed after some discussion
that the measurements could be based on the actual cladded size and not the
duct size.

39 If one were to accept S H Tan’s evidence, the parties would have come to an
agreement to take measurements based on the area of the cladded duct long
before November 2000. Yet Chia made no mention of this earlier agreement in
his affidavit evidence, even though S H Tan had briefed him on the project. If
the parties had indeed made a prior agreement to use the area of the cladded
ACMV duct to calculate payment, one would have expected Chia to bring this up
at his meeting with Ng once the latter had raised the possibility of paying on
the basis of the uncladded area instead. There was no explanation for Chia’s
silence on the issue.

40 Even if Fire-Stop could prove the existence of the alleged oral agreement,
this could not further its case. Based on the words used and the figures
stated, the sub-contract clearly provided for payment to be made on the basis
of the area of the uncladded duct. Section 94 of the Evidence Act (Cap 97,
1997 Rev Ed) provides:

When the terms of any … contract have been proved according to section 93
[_ie_ reduced to the form of a document], _no evidence of any oral agreement_
or statement shall be admitted as between the parties to any such instrument
or their representatives in interest for the purpose of contradicting,
varying, adding to, or subtracting from its terms … [emphasis added]

Hence, once the sub-contract was signed, the parol evidence rule excluded
extrinsic evidence being introduced to contradict or vary the terms of the
written agreement.

**_Subsequent conduct_**

41 In support of its contention that payment should be based on the area of
the cladded duct, Fire-Stop pointed out that MAE had in fact made 14 payments
by reference to the area of the cladded duct. Fire-Stop’s argument was based
on the parties’ subsequent conduct. It is well-settled law (_James Miller &
Partners Ltd v Whitworth Street Estates (Manchester) Ltd_ [1970] AC 583) that
the court may not look at the subsequent conduct of parties to interpret a
written agreement except when variation or estoppel is in issue. This approach
was adopted by the Singapore High Court in _Estate of Seow Khoon Seng v
Pacific Century Regional Developments Ltd_ ([17] _supra_).

**_Estoppel by convention_**

42 At the hearing, counsel for Fire-Stop applied for leave pursuant to O 57 r
9A(6)(c) of the Rules of Court (Cap 322, R 5, 2004 Rev Ed) to address us on
the issue of estoppel by convention, which leave we granted. Although the
Respondent’s Case made a brief reference to estoppel, the court below did not
make any finding on this issue. Counsel argued that MAE was estopped by its
conduct from contending that payment should be made on the basis of the area
of the uncladded duct.

43 The _locus classicus_ on the doctrine of estoppel by convention is
_Amalgamated Investment &_ _Property Co Ltd v Texas Commerce International
Bank Ltd_ [1982] QB 84. There, the conduct of the parties was held to give
rise to an estoppel by convention which precluded them from relying on the
true construction of the written document, as opposed to what they had
erroneously supposed it to mean. Lord Denning MR said (at 122):

When the parties to a transaction proceed on the basis of an underlying
assumption – either of fact or law – whether due to misrepresentation or
mistake makes no difference – on which they have conducted the dealings
between them – neither of them will be allowed to go back on that assumption
when it would be unfair or unjust to allow him to do so.

44 Estoppel by convention is not founded on any representation but on an
agreed statement of facts the truth of which has been assumed by the parties
to be the basis of the transaction (see also Spencer Bower’s _The Law Relating
to Estoppel by Representation_ (4th Ed, 2004) at para VIII.2.1.

45 In _Singapore Island Country Club v Hilborne_ [1997] 1 SLR 248, the Court
of Appeal laid down the following criteria for estoppel by convention (at
[27]):

(i) that there must be a course of dealing between the two parties in a
contractual relationship;

(ii) that the course of dealing must be such that both parties must have
proceeded on the basis of an agreed interpretation of the contract; and

(iii) that it must be unjust to allow one party to go back on the agreed
interpretation.

46 In this case, the first criterion was clearly satisfied. What was in issue
was, did the parties conduct themselves on the agreed premise that payment
would be made on the basis of the area of the cladded duct, despite
indications to the contrary in the sub-contract? Relying on the testimony of S
H Tan and Chia, Fire-Stop asserted that both parties had so conducted
themselves. However, we had observed earlier [37] to [39] that the evidence of
the two witnesses was contradictory and unreliable. That left Fire-Stop with
its main argument – MAE was estopped due to the 14 payments it had made based
on measurements of the cladded duct.

47 For a claim of estoppel by convention to succeed, it must be shown that
acceptance of a particular state of things was the foundation of the dealings
between the parties. However, Fire-Stop failed to establish that MAE’s
payments were made based on a _shared assumption_ that the contract price
should be derived from the area of the cladded duct.

48 Since the time MAE invited quotations from Fire-Stop, the former had
proceeded on the basis that payment would be based on the area of the
uncladded duct. This was reflected in the pre-award document incorporating
forms T/007 and T/008 and in the sub-contract itself. Although MAE’s
representatives had confirmed measurements of the external surface area of the
duct in the joint inspection exercise, this was merely to confirm the quantity
of materials used and not to verify the area for calculating payment.

49 It would appear that MAE had paid the first 14 claims submitted by Fire-
Stop because it failed to appreciate that the latter’s calculation was based
on the area of the cladded, not the uncladded duct. There was no mutual
understanding that payment would be based on Fire-Stop’s method of
calculation. Indeed, the correspondence between the parties suggested that
Fire-Stop itself believed that payment should be calculated on the area of the
uncladded duct.

50 In this regard, we refer to MAE’s letter to Fire-Stop dated 28 October 2002
addressed to Steven Yeong and Chia informing them that the company had been
overpaid based on “as-built” drawings (_viz_ area of the uncladded duct).
Fire-Stop’s reply dated 25 November 2002 states:

We still maintain that the work done on the site is more than that shown on
the as-built drawing. It is important to note that the as-built drawings only
give a rough sketch of the location of the ducting. It does not indicate the
actual shape and size of the ducting.

If, according to Fire-Stop, the parties had been proceeding on the shared
assumption that payment should be based on the area of the cladded duct, the
areas indicated in the as-built drawings should have been irrelevant since
they reflected the area of the uncladded duct. The appropriate response would
have been to point out to MAE that payment should be based on the uncladded
duct. Instead, Fire-Stop chose to dispute the accuracy of the uncladded duct
areas as reflected in the as-built drawings. If indeed there was a shared
assumption by the parties, it was that payment would be based on the area of
the uncladded duct.

**Conclusion**

51 Consequently, we accepted the submissions put forward for MAE and allowed
its appeal with costs here and below. We ordered Fire-Stop to refund the
judgment sum to MAE and pay MAE the agreed sum of $168,664.29 (excluding GST)
on the counterclaim.

Appeal allowed.

  

* * *

[1] PW2

[2] N/E18

[3] See para 30 of the Respondent’s Case

[4] PW1

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Nov 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

