Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Loh Wai Mun Daniel  
[2004] SGHC 36

Case Number | : | OS 1512/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 23 February 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tan Lee Meng J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Zaheer K Merchant (Madhavan Partnership) for applicant; Respondent absent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Loh Wai Mun Daniel   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Advocate and solicitor convicted of
criminal breach of trust – Weight to be given to mitigating factors –
Appropriate order to be made – Section 83(1) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
2001 Rev Ed), s 409 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

23 February 2004

Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
under s 98(5) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (the “LPA”)
to make absolute an order to show cause. We granted the application and
ordered the respondent, Daniel Loh Wai Mun, to be struck off the roll of
advocates and solicitors. We now give our reasons.

**Facts**

2 The facts of this case were undisputed. The respondent was an advocate and
solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore of some 11 years’ standing, having
been called to the Bar in 1992. At all material times, he was practising as a
sole proprietor in the firm of Daniel Loh & Partners. The respondent acted for
his clients in various property transactions. In the course of his work, he
would receive a percentage of the purchase price of the properties he was
dealing with, to be held as stakeholder moneys. In addition, he was also
trustee over funds which had been released by banks as loans to his clients.
The respondent was to apply these funds to making progress payments on behalf
of his clients to either vendors or developers.

3 Instead, the respondent used these moneys indiscriminately – sometimes using
one client’s moneys to make progress payments for other clients, and at other
times using the moneys to pay off his personal credit card debts. In short, he
displayed a complete disregard for his obligations under the Legal Profession
(Solicitors’ Accounts) Rules (Cap 161, R 8, 1999 Rev Ed). Between 1997 and
2001, the respondent misappropriated a total of $881,887.68 of his clients’
moneys.

4 The law eventually caught up with him. On 27 August 2001, the respondent was
charged with eight counts of criminal breach of trust as a servant under s 409
of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). He pleaded guilty to four of the
charges, and the other four were taken into consideration for the purposes of
sentencing. He was sentenced to a total of four and a half years’
imprisonment.

**The show cause proceedings**

5 Given that he was convicted of an offence that involved an element of
dishonesty, the Law Society made an application, without any further
directions, as was required under s 94A of the LPA, for the respondent to show
cause why he should not be dealt with under s 83(1) of the LPA.

6 The respondent was not represented, nor was he present to make any
submissions before us on this point. Nevertheless, by virtue of the fact that
this court must accept his criminal convictions as final and conclusive: _Law
Society of Singapore v_ _Wong Sin Yee_ [2003] 3 SLR 209, there was little that
could have been said in this respect. Given that the offence involved
dishonesty committed in his capacity as advocate and solicitor, that, in
itself, was sufficient for this court to determine that due cause had been
shown under s 83(2)(a) of the LPA, which provides as follows:

Such due cause may be show by proof that an advocate and solicitor has been
convicted of a criminal offence, implying a defect of character which makes
him unfit for his profession

7 As such, the sole issue that concerned this court was the determination of
the appropriate order to be made under s 83(1) of the LPA.

**Appropriate order to be made**

8 Where a solicitor has been convicted of a criminal offence involving fraud
or dishonesty, the court has almost invariably, no matter how strong the
mitigating factors, chosen to strike a solicitor off the roll: _Law Society of
Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ [1999] 1 SLR 696.

9 In this case, we saw no reason to depart from the norm. This appeared to us
to be a typical case of a solicitor who could not be trusted to keep his paws
out of the honey pot. This was just one of several cases last year involving
solicitors in sole proprietorships who had misappropriated their clients’
moneys. Given the prevalence of such unconscionable behaviour, we found that
tough action needed to be taken against these knaves, both to deter those who
might seek to do the same, as well as to prevent the good name of the
profession from being tarnished by these recalcitrant few.

10 The respondent was not present to make any submissions on mitigating
factors. Regardless, we found that any mitigating factors, even if present,
would have been of little avail. As the court in _Law Society of Singapore v
Tham Yu Xian Rick_ [1999] 4 SLR 168 noted, where the case involves an offender
of proven dishonesty, the weight to be attached to a plea in mitigation is
negligible, and a striking off will be the consequence as a matter of course.

11 In the event, we granted the Law Society’s application, and ordered the
respondent to be struck off the roll. We further ordered that he should bear
the costs of these proceedings.

Order accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 23 Feb 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

