Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Tan Chor Chuan and Others v Tan Yeow Hiang Kenneth and Others  
[2004] SGHC 259

Case Number | : | Suit 261/2004, SIC 4932/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 17 November 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Joyce Low Wei Lin AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Prakash Pillai / Melvin See (Wong Partnership) for plaintiffs; Alvin Tan (Wong Thomas and Leong) for defendants   
Parties | : |  Tan Chor Chuan; Yap Swee Chee; Ee Boon Peng Lawrence; Ong Chong Ghee; Rolles Rudolf Jurgen August; Chern Seng Pau; Yung Yew Kong; Menon Nelly; Tan Lian Seng — Tan Yeow Hiang Kenneth; Chan Lai Fung; Chia Chung Mun Alphonsus; Tan Lian Ann; Aplin Nicholas Giles; Yeo Kok Ching Alan; Chong Yeh Shen Jason; Goh Hin Tiang; Lim Ting Fai Lawrence; Seow Yongli; Wong Loong Tat   
  
17 November 2004

AR Joyce Low:

This is the plaintiffs’ application for the defence to be struck out and
judgment to be entered for the plaintiffs or for an “unless” order for the
production of certain documents, pursuant to O 24 r 16 of the Rules of Court
(‘the Rules’), because the defendants allegedly breached their discovery
obligations. In the alternative, the plaintiffs contend that the court is
entitled to invoke its inherent power to strike out the defence on the basis
that the defendants abused the court’s process by destroying material
documents when litigation was anticipated.

2 The documents in question are emails passing between the defendants and
emails passing between the defendants and the Singapore Chess Federation
(‘SCF’) relating to its extra-ordinary general meeting (‘EGM’) held on 12
January 2004 (‘the Emails’); and the audio recordings of the EGM and SCF’s
Annual General Meeting (‘AGM’) held on 26 June 2004. The relevancy of these
documents was not in dispute. For the reasons set out below, I dismissed the
application.

**Facts**

3 The plaintiffs are members of SCF and the defendants are members of the
Executive Council of the SCF. The plaintiffs were members of a party that
requisitioned the EGM to, amongst other things, pass a resolution to ask the
defendants to step down as office bearers of SCF. In response to the
requisition, the defendants published a document on the SCF’s website that the
plaintiffs considered defamatory. The plaintiffs therefore commenced an action
in defamation against the defendants. On 5 July 2004, the court recorded a
consent order that the offending words in the document were defamatory of the
plaintiffs. Consequently, the trial of the present action relates only to
whether the defendants’ defences of justification, fair comment and privilege
can be established.

4 On 7 May 2004, an order of court was made for the parties to provide
discovery by filing a list of documents and an affidavit verifying the same.
The defendants filed their list of documents, which disclosed four cassette
tapes containing audio recordings of the AGM but not the Emails. The tenth
defendant deposed that he used to have a cassette tape recording of the EGM
but misplaced it. The plaintiffs subsequently came into the possession of some
emails that passed between the defendants in relation to the EGM. In addition,
upon the inspection of the four cassette tapes that the defendants had
disclosed, the plaintiffs discovered that three of the tapes were recordings
of the AGM while the last one was, in fact, a recording of the EGM.

5 In response, all the defendants filed affidavits to state that none of the
Emails was in their possession because they deleted them shortly after the
conclusion of the EGM as part of the regular housekeeping of their email
accounts. In relation to the cassette tapes, the tenth defendant affirmed that
he must have forgotten that he had returned the tape recording of the EGM to
the organising secretary (‘OS’) of the SCF. The ninth defendant affirmed that
he was the one in charge of the management of the audio recording of the AGM
and that there were only three cassette tapes recording the same. The
plaintiffs found the explanations incredible and took out the present
application.

**Alleged breach of discovery obligations**

6 O 24 r 16(1) of the Rules gives the court the power to strike out a
defendant’s defence and enter judgment for the plaintiff or make any other
order that it thinks just for the defendant’s failure to comply with his
discovery obligations. The principles governing the exercise of this power and
the proper treatment of an affidavit as to discovery of documents are found in
_Lornho plc v Fayed and Others (No 3)_ , The Times, 24 June 1993. These
principles were adopted by the Singapore High Court in _Soh Lup Chee and Ors v
Seow Boon Cheng and Anor_ [2002] 2 SLR 267.

7 In _Lornho v Fayed_ , the plaintiffs took out an application pursuant to O
24 r 16 to strike out the defendants’ defence and enter judgment either
immediately or after cross-examination of the defendants on their affidavits
of documents. The plaintiffs alleged that the defendants’ discovery was
deficient and that their explanation for the non-production of discoverable
documents was false. Stuart-Smith LJ held that a deposition on oath that the
deponent does not have documents requested for in specific discovery is
conclusive and cannot be contravened by a further contentious affidavit or
cross-examination before trial. The learned judge was of the view that there
must be “clear and uncontested evidence”, either as a result of admitted
breach or because the breach could be ascertained from a party’s own
documents, affidavits or pleadings before a defence could be struck out under
O 24 r 16. The standard is analogous to that applied in summary judgment
proceedings pursuant to O 14.

8 The same high standard was applied in _Soh Lup Chee_ ’s case. In that case,
Choo Han Teck JC (as His Honour then was) concluded that the plaintiffs made
out a sufficient case to strike out the defence under O 24 r 16 because they
had “amply demonstrated…the _numerous obvious omissions_ of documents that
_must surely exist_ or…had existed” and furthermore, the defendants provided
no explanation as to the omissions. His Honour, however, did not order that
the defence be struck out and made an “unless” order for the production of the
documents instead, because of the draconian nature of a striking out order.

9 In the present case, counsel for plaintiffs, Mr Prakesh Pillai made numerous
attacks on the credibility of the affidavits that the defendants have filed.
In summary, he made the following submissions in relation to defendants’
explanation for the non-production of the Emails:

(a) It is inherently incredible that all 11 of the defendants separately and
independently deleted the Emails for housekeeping purposes, without archiving
or making any copies of the Emails;

(b) It was obvious that the Emails have a clear relevance to impending
litigation when they were purportedly deleted;

(c) It is incredible that the defendants, as committee members of the SCF,
were not in control of the Emails because they should be able to obtain them
from the OS, who would not have deleted them since he had administrative
functions in the SCF;

(d) The first defendant’s explanation that he deleted the Emails from his
office account because they were not work-related was false since the Emails
had been sent from his personal account; and

(e) The defendants made contradictory claims in their affidavits by deposing
that it was their practice to delete _old_ emails while stating that the
Emails were deleted _shortly_ after the EGM.

10 As for the audio recordings, Mr Pillai submitted that the “inescapable
inference” to be drawn from the defendants’ changes in testimonies with
respect to the number of cassette tape recordings of the AGM and EGM in their
possession is that the defendants had attempted to suppress part of the audio
recording of both meetings.

11 Mr Pillai raised many doubts about the veracity of the defendants’
affidavits. However, in my view, the mere existence of doubts is insufficient
to prove that there is, in the words of Stuart-Smith LJ in _Lornho v Fayed,_
“clear and uncontested evidence” that the documents have been suppressed,
entitling the plaintiffs to terminate the action now. On the facts, the
defendants have offered plausible explanations on affidavit for the non-
production of the documents in question and without testing their evidence
through cross-examination, it is not possible to conclude decisively that the
documents have been suppressed. The proper forum for the resolution of the
doubts raised by Mr Pillai is at trial, as the trial judge will have the
benefit of hearing all the relevant evidence by way of examination of the
witnesses. Consequently, I declined to try the issue prior to the trial by an
elaborate analysis of competing affidavit claims and refused to terminate the
action pursuant to O 24 r 16.

12 I am also of the view that an order for specific discovery of the documents
in question, whether peremptory or otherwise, should not be made. Such an
order has no utility in light of the fact that the defendants have already
filed affidavits stating that they do not have the documents and explaining
what became of the documents that are no longer in their possession.

**Alleged pre-action destruction of material evidence**

13 The plaintiffs’ alternative argument was that the defendants had destroyed
the Emails prior to the commencement of the action in an attempt to pervert
the course of justice. The court should therefore exercise its inherent power
to prevent abuse of its process by striking out the defence and entering
judgment. Mr Pillai relied on the very recent cases of _British American
Tobacco Australia Services v Cowell and McCabe_ [2002] VSCA 197 (‘ _McCabe_
’), a decision of the Court of Appeal of the Supreme Court of Victoria and the
English High Court decision of _Douglas & Ors v Hello! Ltd & Ors_ [2003] EWHC
55 (Ch) in support of his contention that the court has the power to strike
out the defence in the present application.

14 In _McCabe_ , the plaintiff contracted lung cancer that allegedly resulted
from smoking since she was 12 years old. She sued the defendant, a tobacco
company, for personal injury and claimed that it acted unreasonably in failing
to take necessary steps to reduce or eliminate the health risks involved in
smoking and that it ignored and even disparaged research results that
indicated the dangers of smoking. The defendant destroyed thousands of
documents that contained research results indicating the dangers of smoking
after the conclusion of other similar actions against it, at a time when
further litigation on its treatment of the research results was anticipated.

15 At the first instance, Eames J used the criterion of whether a fair trial
was possible in light of the pre-action destruction of evidence to determine
if the court should intervene to prevent abuse of process. His Honour
concluded, _inter alia_ , that the test had been met on the facts and struck
out the defence and entered judgment for the plaintiff.

16 On appeal, the Court of Appeal rejected the test applied by Eames J. It
considered that test was unhelpful as the concept of a fair trial was too
vague to form a useful criterion and hence, “what is a “fair trial” must
inform any test which is adopted, but it cannot stand in place of one”. The
court laid down the condition for its intervention, particularly if the
sanction sought is a striking out order, _ie_ the applicant must establish
that the destruction amounts to the criminal offence of attempting to pervert
the course of justice or criminal contempt (‘the _McCabe_ test’). It was of
the view that such a test balances the right of a party to manage his own
documents and the right of a litigant to have resort to the documents of his
opponents. Apart from that substantive requirement, the court added that it
should only consider intervention if the party seeking relief presents his
case specifically on the ground of the _McCabe_ test.

17 As the plaintiff in _McCabe_ did not present his case on the basis that the
pre-action destruction of evidence amounted to an attempt to pervert the
course of justice, the Court of Appeal refused to consider that as a ground to
justify the striking out order made at first instance.

18 The _McCabe_ test was adopted and applied in the English High Court in
_Douglas v Hello!_ , without any detailed analysis of the test.

19 The treatment of pre-action destruction of evidence is a novel issue that
has not been considered in any local decision. There is, however, a useful
exposition of the issue in the recent article by Jeffrey Pinsler,
_“Destruction of Evidence Prior to the Commencement of Civil Proceedings: How
is a Court to respond?”_ [2004] SJLS 20. The learned author treated the
application of the _McCabe_ test in Singapore as requiring, in effect, a party
seeking relief to prove that an offence under s 204 of the Penal Code has been
committed on a balance of probabilities. The provision most closely
corresponds to the offence of attempting to pervert the course of justice and
is a specific application of the more general doctrine of criminal contempt.
The offence is committed when there is secretion or destruction of a document
that a person may be required to produce as evidence in court or legally
sanctioned proceedings, with a specific intention to prevent the production of
the document as evidence, at the time the person destroys or secretes it.

20 The author argued that the _McCabe_ test should not be applied in Singapore
without qualification. This is because it would be too restrictive to limit
the cases of intervention only to cases in which an offence under s 204 is
made out. In particular, a strict adherence to the requirement of specific
intention to prevent the production of a document as a prerequisite to the
court’s intervention to make any orders may preclude the imposition of lesser
sanctions when such intention has not been made out but when there is some
lesser form of culpability in the destruction of evidence. For example, the
court will not be able to act when the destruction of evidence was intentional
and amounted to a reckless disregard of the administration of justice. The
author advocated the exercise of the inherent power of the court to prevent
abuse of its process in a more flexible manner, according to the touchstones
laid down by the decision of the Court of Appeal in _Samsung Corporation v
Chinese Chamber Realty Pte Ltd_ [2004] 1 SLR 382. These are ‘need’, ‘justice
of the case’ and ‘prevention of abuse’.

21 I agree with Professor Pinsler’s view that the court’s inherent power to
respond to any pre-action destruction of evidence should not be circumscribed
by the strict adherence to the _McCabe_ test, but rather its exercise should
be governed by its usual touchstones. The use of such general touchstones
means that the court has to grapple with amorphous concepts, an approach that
did not find favour with the Court of Appeal in _McCabe_ and led to its
decision to lay down the _McCabe_ test. Our courts have consistently refused
to formulate specific tests that circumscribe the exercise of its inherent
power. This is to avoid the ill of limiting the dynamism of the concept (see
_eg_ the decisions of the Court of Appeal in _Wee Soon Kim v Law Society of
Singapore_ [2001] 4 SLR 25 at para 27 and _Samsung Corporation_ at para 15).
The lack of specific tests gives the court the flexibility to tailor its
orders to the needs of specific situations to do justice. This is particularly
important in the treatment of pre-action destruction of evidence because of
the diversity of factual scenarios that may lead to an application for relief.

22 In assessing whether there is a ‘need’ for intervention, some relevant
considerations are the extent to which the destruction of evidence has
compromised the conduct of a fair trial and the culpability of the person who
destroyed the evidence. The court is concerned with striking the same balance
identified by the Court of Appeal in _McCabe_ , _ie_ the right of a party to
manage his own documents and the right of a litigant to have resort to his
opponent’s document. The form of intervention should be proportionate and
address the injustice suffered by the innocent party. With respect to the
imposition of the draconian remedy of terminating a party’s action, it is
useful to remember the following words of Millet J in _Logicrose Ltd v
Southend United Football Club Ltd_ , The Times, 5 March 1988:

I do not think that it would be right to drive a litigant from the judgment
seat without a determination of the issues as a punishment for his conduct,
however deplorable, unless there was a real risk that the conduct would render
the further conduct of proceedings unsatisfactory. The court must always guard
itself against the temptation of allowing its indignation to lead to a
miscarriage of justice.

This warning was made in the context of an application pursuant to O 24 r 16
but is equally applicable to the exercise of the court’s inherent power in
response to pre-action destruction of evidence.

23 On the facts, the defendants admitted that they deleted the Emails
_shortly_ after the EGM on 12 January 2004 although they could not remember
the precise dates of deletion. The plaintiffs commenced the action against the
defendants on 31 March 2004. Before me, parties did not take issue with
whether the Emails had actually been destroyed prior to the commencement of
proceedings. Even if I accept that the defendants had deleted the Emails prior
to the commencement of the present action, should their conduct attract
sanctions?

24 The defendants explained that they deleted their own emails shortly after
the EGM, as it was their practice to delete emails from their computer systems
regularly to free up memory space. They saw no necessity to archive or keep
copies of the emails after the EGM because the meeting was an overwhelming
success for them. The defendants also contended that when they deleted the
Emails, litigation had not been anticipated. Although the plaintiffs had
already threatened to institute defamation proceedings against them, they did
not take the threats seriously because the plaintiffs had made similar empty
threats previously. The plaintiffs relied on the same arguments that they made
in relation to the incredibility of the explanations given for the deletion of
the Emails to infer that the defendants had synchronised their actions with
the specific purpose of perverting the course of justice.

25 In my judgment, this is not an appropriate case for the exercise of the
court’s inherent power to intervene to prevent an abuse of process. The
plaintiffs may well be able to make out a stronger case that the defendants
were culpable in their destruction of evidence after subjecting the defendants
to cross-examination. That may lead to the court drawing adverse inferences
against the defendants or a re-application for relief for culpable pre-action
destruction of documents. However, at this juncture, I find nothing sinister
about the defendants’ explanation as to the deletion of the Emails to
necessitate the making of any orders in favour of the plaintiffs.

26 Finally, it is notable that in _Douglas v Hello!_ , on strikingly similar
facts, the court refused to intervene, albeit after applying the _McCabe_
test. In that case, the first, second and third defendants admitted that they
had destroyed relevant incriminating emails passing between their personnel
and the fourth defendant prior to the commencement of the action because it
was their practice to delete emails after reading them and that such practice
was common. Sir Andrew Morritt V-C held that the deletion of emails for that
reason and without more, “plainly” could not justify the court’s intervention.

27 For these reasons, I also refused to exercise the court’s inherent power to
impose sanctions on the defendants for the deletion of the Emails.

**Result**

28 I dismissed the application with costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 17 Nov 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

