Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Soh Lup Chee and Others v Seow Boon Cheng and Another  
[2004] SGHC 8

Case Number | : | Suit 106/2001  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 15 January 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Randolph Khoo, Johnson Loo and Veronica Joseph (Drew and Napier LLC) for plaintiffs; K Shanmugam SC, Leona Yuen and Tham Wei Chern (Allen and Gledhill) for defendants   
Parties | : |  Soh Lup Chee; Tan Lee Khiang; Ang Chye Soon — Seow Boon Cheng; Genisys Intergrated Engineers Pte Ltd   
  
Civil Procedure – Discovery of documents – Application to strike out defence
for contumelious breach of discovery orders.  
  
Companies – Shares – Sale of shares pursuant to consent judgment – Valuation
of shares for purpose of sale – Whether there was fraud on valuer of shares –
Whether relevant materials were suppressed and false information presented to
valuer.  
  
Evidence – Weight of evidence – Submission of no case to meet – Whether
plaintiffs failed to persuade court that there was any fraud on valuer.  
  

15 January 2004 _Judgment reserved._

Choo Han Teck J:

**Background and parties concerned**

1 Genisys Integrated Engineers Pte Ltd (“GIE”) is a company incorporated on 12
September 1988 by the plaintiffs and the first defendant. GIE provides high
technology engineering services and products for use in buildings. In 1999,
the plaintiffs commenced a minority oppression action against the first
defendant in Originating Summons No 1902 of 1999 (“OS 1902”). That action was
subsequently settled and a consent judgment was entered before S Rajendran J
on 7 July 2000. This present suit arose from the settled orders of Rajendran
J’s judgment. Since the plaintiffs in OS 1902 are also the plaintiffs in this
suit and likewise the defendant in the originating summons (“OS”) is the first
defendant here, I shall refer to the parties here as “the plaintiffs”
collectively, or “Soh” (Soh Lup Chee), “Tan” (Tan Lee Khiang), or “Ang” (Ang
Chye Soon) individually, in respect of the plaintiffs; and “Seow” (Seow Boon
Cheng) for the first defendant, and “the defendants” collectively, in respect
of both defendants (the second defendant is GIE itself). The plaintiffs and
Seow were all shareholders and directors of GIE (Tan was an alternate director
to Soh). The sale of the plaintiffs’ shares in GIE to Seow was the essence of
the settlement under the consent orders. It was, therefore, necessary to carry
out a valuation of GIE so as to fix the value of its shares. By the time they
consented to judgment before Rajendran J, the parties had already agreed, by
an interlocutory order before Judith Prakash J on 24 May 2000, to appoint Don
Ho Mun Tuke (“Don Ho”) as the valuer because they had anticipated that
whatever the outcome of the OS action, a valuation of GIE would be required.
The formula which he was to use for the evaluation of the share value was also
agreed upon. The terms of the consent judgment are important and I shall set
them out in full for ease of reference:

_AND UPON_ the parties having agreed terms of settlement _IT IS BY CONSENT
ORDERED THAT_ :-

1\. The 1st Defendant shall purchase and the Plaintiffs shall sell all the
Plaintiffs’ shares in the 2nd Defendant (“GIE”) upon payment by the 1st
Defendant to the Plaintiffs (on terms hereafter set out) of a price, clear of
all deductions, amounting to 47% of the value of GIE’s shares, as at 11 August
1999 (the “Price”) and as determined in paragraphs 2 to 5 below. Any personal
income tax payable on the Price by the Plaintiffs shall be borne by the
Plaintiffs personally.

2\. The value of GIE’s shares shall be derived from two valuations of GIE’s
shares as at 11 August 1999, with one valuation being done on a Net Tangible
Asset basis (“NTA Valuation”) and the other, on a fair value basis, i.e. NTA +
goodwill + intangible assets, (“Fair Value Valuation”) respectively. The value
of GIE’s shares shall be the sum of (a) the value of GIE’s shares as
determined by the NTA Valuation and (b) half of any excess of the Fair Value
Valuation over the NTA Valuation (the “Value”). _Such valuations shall be done
by Mr Don Ho Mun Tuke_ (“the Valuer”), the valuer appointed pursuant to the
Order of Court of 24th May 2000, on terms as set out in paragraphs 1-3, 8, 10
and 13 of the said Order.

3\. _The draft audited consolidated accounts for GIE and its subsidiary and
associated companies for the year ended 31 December 1998 produced by M/s Ernst
& Young (in exhibit “SLC-148” to the Affidavit of the 1st Plaintiff filed on
12 June 2000) shall be binding and conclusive as between the parties for the
purposes of the said valuations_.

4\. _The Plaintiffs shall be entitled to have full access to the books,
accounts and records of GIE and its subsidiary and associated companies, until
the Price is determined, with the 1 st Defendant being required to respond to
the Plaintiffs’ requests in writing for all documents and information_
relating to the accounts within seven (7) days of such requests. _Should there
be a dispute as to the adequacy of the response from the 1 st Defendant_,
parties shall, together with their respective solicitors and/or their
accounts, _meet at GIE within 14 days of the said request in writing to
resolve the matter in good faith_. Without limiting the foregoing, and for
avoidance of doubt:-

(a) the Plaintiffs shall be entitled to inspect in the presence of the 1st
Defendant or his nominees, all project accounts documents and records without
restrictions such as those imposed during inspection on 4 July 2000, save that
no copies shall be taken by the Plaintiffs of such restricted projects
accounts documents and records. The Plaintiffs however shall be provided with
copies of such project accounts, documents and records within GIE’s office, to
be reviewed or worked on, in the presence of the 1st Defendant or his
nominees. Such copies worked on by the Plaintiffs may only be submitted by the
Plaintiffs to the Valuer in the presence of the 1st Defendant or his nominees;

(b) the parties shall have the right to make submissions to the Valuer in the
course of the valuations as they deem fit, provided always that copies of any
submissions and replies to such submissions, are provided to the other party
or parties; _all documents and accounting records shown or copied to the
Valuer by the Defendants shall be shown or copied to the Plaintiffs
accordingly; and the parties shall be at liberty to inspect such audit working
papers of Ernst & Young as are provided to the Valuer_;

(c) the Plaintiffs shall not directly or indirectly use or reveal any
information or document obtained pursuant to this Order to any party other
than for the purpose of the valuation; and

(d) _any disputes as to access to books, accounts and records of GIE and its
subsidiary and associated companies in respect of the said valuations shall be
referred to the Court_.

5\. _In the absence of fraud or collusion, the valuations done by the Valuer
shall be binding on the parties for the purposes of ascertaining the value of
GIE’s shares. The Price shall be determined by the Valuer applying the
valuations in accordance with the mathematical formula set out in paragraph 2
herein_.

6\. The 1st Defendant shall pay to the Plaintiffs the sum of $1.0 million on
or before 21st July 2000.

7\. Two further sums of $1.0 million each shall be paid by the 1st Defendant
to the Plaintiffs on or before 14th  August 2000 and 14th  September 2000
respectively, to account of the Price.

8\. If the valuations are not completed by 14th  September 2000, the 1st
Defendant shall pay $750,000.00 to account of the Price on each of 14th
October 2000 and 14th  November 2000 and a further sum of $500,000.00 on 14th
December 2000, to the Plaintiffs.

9\. The 1st Defendant’s obligation to pay the said sums to account of the
Price set out in paragraphs 7 and 8 above, shall cease upon the valuations
being completed and the Price ascertained, and thereafter, the balance of the
Price shall be payable as set out in paragraph 12 below. The 1st Plaintiff
shall cease as a director of UEM Genisys Sdn Bhd (“UEG”), only upon the
valuations being completed and the Price being ascertained by the Valuer.

10\. The 1st Defendant’s obligations to make payments as set out in paragraphs
6 to 8 above shall cease if the valuation process is stopped at the instance
of the Plaintiffs in writing save that the said obligations of the 1st
Defendant shall continue upon the Plaintiffs requesting in writing that the
valuation process continue.

11\. Any payments made by the 1st Defendant in excess of the Price as decided
by the Valuer shall be refunded to the 1st Defendant as follows:

(a) if the sum to be refunded is less than $1 million, then the Plaintiffs
shall make such refund within 2 weeks of the Price being decided;

(b) if the sum to be refunded is equal to or more than $1 million but below $2
million, the Plaintiffs shall make such refund within 1 month of the Price
being decided;

(c) if the sum to be refunded is equal to or more than $2 million but below $3
million, the Plaintiffs shall make such refund within 2 months of the Price
being decided; and

(d) if the sum to be refunded is equal to or more than $3 million but below $4
million, the Plaintiffs shall make such refund within 3 months of the Price
being decided.

12\. The balance of the Price, less all payments to account, shall be payable,
upon the valuations being completed and the Price ascertained, as follows:-

(a) if the Value is determined to be a sum less than $10.0 million, then
payment of the balance of the Price ( less all payments to account) shall be
made 3 months from the date the valuations are completed.

(b) if the Value is determined to be a sum exceeding $10.0 million, then
payment of the balance of the Price (less all payments to account) shall be
made in two instalments. The first instalment of the balance of up to $4.7
million, shall be payable in 3 months from the date the valuations are
completed. The final instalment, if any, shall be payable not later than 6
months after the valuations are completed.

13\. Upon payment to the Plaintiffs of the sum of $1.0 million on 21st July
2000:-

(a) all the share certificates for GIE presently held by the Plaintiffs shall
be delivered by the Plaintiffs to an escrow agent together with duly signed
transfers by each of them, pending payment in full of the Price whereupon the
1st Defendant shall have the shares in the said certificates transferred to
him. All stamp fees and costs of the transfer shall not be borne by the
Plaintiffs;

(b) the 1st Defendant shall be entitled to appoint directors of GIE and any
subsidiary or associated company as from this date;

(c) the 1st Defendant shall be entitled to transfer 10,000 ordinary shares in
GIE to a single nominee forthwith; and

(d) the Plaintiffs shall tender letters of resignation as employees and in the
case of the 1st Plaintiff, as a director, of GIE effective immediately.

14\. Upon payment to the Plaintiffs of the sum of $1 million on 14th  August
2000:-

(a) the 1st Defendant shall furnish evidence from banks that the guarantees
signed by the 1st Plaintiff for GIE or its associated or subsidiary companies
as notified by the Plaintiffs in writing to the 1st Defendant on or before 21
July 2000 (the “Notified Guarantees”), have been discharged. The 1st Defendant
will indemnify the Plaintiffs against any claims or liabilities in respect of
the Notified Guarantees incurred between 21 July – 14 August 2000;

(b) the 1st Defendant shall furnish evidence from banks that any further
guarantees signed by the Plaintiffs for GIE or its associated or subsidiary
companies which may be later identified in writing and notified by the
Plaintiffs to the 1st Defendant, have been discharged within 4 weeks of such
notification; and

(c) the Plaintiffs shall resign from all directorships in associated or
subsidiary companies save for UEG.

15\. _The terms set forth in the Order shall be in full and final settlement
of all claims, matters and disputes which the Plaintiffs, 1 st Defendant and
2nd Defendants have or may jointly or severally have between them and arising
from or relating to this action or any matter referred to therein. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither party shall hereafter raise
or make any further claim against GIE or its subsidiary and associated
companies or cause GIE, its subsidiary and associated companies to make any
claim against the other in respect of all such matters compromised, which
shall include any loans, advances made or monies of GIE, its subsidiary and
associated companies to the Plaintiffs or the 1st Defendant. Neither party
shall make or cause to be made, any complaint to any state or government
authority in respect of the matters arising in this action_.

16\. The parties shall co-operate and take all steps necessary, including
signing all resolutions and all documents, in connection with and to give
effect to the terms of this Order.

17\. There be no order as to costs between the parties and all orders of costs
previously made are hereby rescinded.

18\. There be liberty to apply.

[emphasis added]

I have added emphasis to the portions that are more significant in the present
action, and, for convenience, shall refer to the consent judgment recorded by
Rajendran J as “the consent judgment” or the “consent orders” where
appropriate, and to the orders of court of 24 May 2000 as the “24 May orders”.
The major difference between the consent judgment and the 24 May orders is
that under the consent judgment, the shares in GIE were to be valued as at 11
August 1999 whereas under the 24 May orders, the value of GIE was to be
determined as at 11 August 1999 and 4 May 2000. The difference was not
material for the purposes of this trial because the parties eventually agreed
to the 11 August 1999 date (which was the date the plaintiffs formally gave
notice of action against Seow).

2 Don Ho released his valuation report on 20 September 2000 stating that the
NTA value of GIE on 11 August 1999 was $3,604,883 with no goodwill or
intangible assets. The shares of GIE were accordingly valued at $0.7068 cents
each. The plaintiffs were stunned because the NTA value of the company as at
31 December 1998 was $19.7m. The plaintiffs could not believe that this value
could have plummeted to $3m in just eight months. Consequently, they commenced
this action against the defendants with the view of setting aside the
valuation of Don Ho. Counsel for the defendants, Mr Randolph Khoo, as well as
Mr Chong Boon Leong (then of Rajah & Tann, the plaintiffs’ previous
solicitors), conceded that by reason of the comprehensiveness of the consent
judgment, Don Ho’s valuation could not be set aside except on account of
fraud. The fraud that the plaintiffs alleged in this suit was based on the
ground that Seow suppressed relevant materials and also presented false
information to Don Ho, and thereby caused him to produce a completely
erroneous valuation. The plaintiffs’ theme throughout this action was,
“rubbish in, rubbish out”.

3 It is necessary to deal with the process concerning and leading to the
valuation report of 20 September 2000. As I had mentioned, Don Ho was briefed
to commence the valuation exercise as early as 24 May 2000. Furthermore, under
the consent orders, the parties were entitled to address their concerns to
him, which they did. Amidst a running quarrel between the parties over the
adequacy of disclosure of documents, the plaintiffs submitted their written
submissions with the assistance of their counsel and also their expert
accountants, Ernst & Young. Likewise, Seow submitted his comments through his
counsel and accountants, Arthur Anderson. The first submissions were exchanged
and given to Don Ho on 22 August 2000. The parties’ reply submissions were
given to Don Ho on 5 September 2000. Following that, oral submissions were
made on behalf of both sides on 7 September 2000 after which a third
submission was put in by the plaintiffs on 13 September 2000. Seow was advised
by Arthur Anderson that the value of GIE, according to their valuation, was
$1,249,136.00. The plaintiffs’ experts advised them that the value was closer
to $23.7m, not taking into account goodwill and intangibles. The plaintiffs’
case in these proceedings may be classified under two broad headings. First,
in fraud as evinced by the four “key episodes” (the fraud claim), and
secondly, in the “contumelious breach” of various discovery orders (the
striking out claim).

4 After Mr Khoo closed the case for the plaintiffs, Mr Shanmugam SC (counsel
for the defendants) informed the court that the defendants elected not to call
any evidence on the ground that the plaintiffs had not made out a case to be
answered. I shall deal with the effect and consequences when a defendant
elects not to call any evidence, shortly. In the meantime, it will be
convenient to consider the first part of the plaintiffs’ claim (the fraud
claim). Counsel for both sides proceeded on the basis of the four principal
instances of alleged fraud that were conveniently labelled by Mr Khoo as the
“key episodes” of fraud. It is important at this juncture to indicate how I
intend to deal with the issues. In a case such as this, one would have to make
his way through a long and serpentine stream of words and figures were I to
set out each and every issue, the evidence, as well as all the submissions
that had been made, and also the court’s findings and conclusions on each and
every one of them. I wish to avoid that and hopefully maintain the sense and
balance of the grounds upon which the court’s decision was reached. The
clarity and meticulousness of counsel and their teams have enabled me to
recast only the principal and essential parts, referring to specific details
only where required. In short, I shall focus on the foundation and the pillars
of the case, and leave the less critical aspects to leisure and pleasure, or
at such spaces in this judgment where I can conveniently tuck them without
disturbing the superstructure or infuse tedium into what is already a long
story.

**Fraud: First issue – the SG debt**

5 The first of the “four key episodes” of the plaintiffs’ claim concerned “the
SG debt issue”. GIE had signed two agreements with Seow on 17 January 1997
concerning Syntech Genisys Co Ltd (“SG”), a joint-venture company in Thailand
between GIE and a Thai company called Syntech Construction Ltd. The first
concerned the sale by GIE to Seow of 16,000 shares in SG. The agreement
contained a put option, which obliged GIE to buy back the shares at Seow’s
instance by 30 June 1999. The second agreement concerned the assignment by GIE
to Seow of a debt of $5,100,374 owing by SG to GIE. This too had a put option
that entitled Seow to re-assign the debt to GIE by 30 June 1999. The intention
of the parties at that time was to do something positive about the bad debts
owing by the Thai company with which the Singapore parties had fallen out. The
assignment of the debts to Seow meant that GIE was more likely to recover the
debts because Seow was assumed to be a more creditworthy debtor. But when Seow
exercised his right of re-assignment, all these debts had to be written off,
thus diminishing the value of GIE.

6 The plaintiffs’ complaint in this regard was that Seow had deceived Don Ho
into believing that he (Seow) had validly exercised his rights under the put
options. They alleged that Don Ho was deceived into believing that Seow’s
right to exercise his options was extended on 28 June 1999, to expire on 30
June 2004. The plaintiffs claimed that the put options were not in fact
exercised before 30 June 1999 but later. In respect of the put option
concerning the 16,000 shares, Seow’s case was that the extension was
authorised by Tan on 16 July 1999. But the plaintiffs now say that Tan had no
authority to authorise the extension since he was only an alternate director
to Soh, and that at the material time Soh was in Singapore, hence, if any
extension was required, he should have been the person to authorise it. So far
as the put option concerning the re-assignment of debt was concerned, the
plaintiffs denied that there was any extension, and maintained that the
extension must have been forged by Seow. More importantly, they alleged that
the agreements did not provide for any extension of the deadline for the
exercise of the put option. They had repeatedly asked Seow to produce the
original agreement in order to compare it with the copy produced by Seow. The
original was never produced.

7 The defendants’ case was that the extension was proper and that the
plaintiffs had never questioned the authority of Tan to amend the agreement
and extend the deadline. This particular approach normally requires evidence
in support. Since the Defence offered no evidence, it must therefore persuade
the court that the plaintiffs’ evidence was so unreliable (or that its case
cannot be maintained at law) that no rebuttal was necessary, otherwise, the
defendants’ election not to call evidence might adversely affect their case.
Of the four “key episodes”, the SG shares and debt issue was probably most
daunting to the defendants in the sense that it raised a question that
appeared in need of explanation, and that is: Why had Seow not produced the
original agreement? Mr Shanmugam presented three arguments against the
validity of this claim. First, he argued that in the original action in OS
1902, the plaintiffs recognised and acknowledged that the put options had been
extended to 30 June 2004, and Soh himself swore an affidavit to this effect.
Furthermore, under cross-examination in the present proceedings before me, Soh
had agreed that that was so. Secondly, the plaintiffs had specifically brought
these complaints to the attention of Don Ho while he was still carrying out
his valuation exercise. Thirdly, in any event, order 15 of the consent
judgment categorically provided that neither party (plaintiffs nor defendants)
may procure GIE to sue on any debt that Soh, Tan, Ang, or Seow might owe GIE
as at 11 August 1999. Apart from the uncertainty concerning the forged
extension, all three arguments are factually correct. It is possible that
during the action of OS 1902 the plaintiffs had assumed that the deadline was
validly extended at the material time; but it is also possible that they
either knew or did not care because the transfer of shares and debt of the
Thai company were for cosmetic reasons only. Thus, it is in this context that
the question (whether Seow’s failure to produce the original agreement with
the extended deadline was a fatal omission) ought to be examined. In this
regard, I accept Mr Shanmugam’s argument that the document, even if forged,
was immaterial to the valuation. It might have been useful to Seow personally
prior to the consent judgment, but had since become irrelevant because this
case is not about fraud (of which forgery is a species), but fraud _on the
valuer_.

**Fraud: Second issue – the value of UEG**

8 UEG (United Engineers Malaysia Genisys Sdn Bhd) was a joint-venture company
of GIE and the Malaysian company, United Engineers Malaysia Bhd (“UEM”). The
plaintiffs asserted that Seow, who had control over the books and accounts of
UEG, manipulated the accounts such that GIE’s investment in UEG was valued at
nothing by Don Ho. They claimed that that cannot be right because as at 11
August 1999 UEG had cash assets of RM11.6m, and its net tangible asset value
was RM16.72m. Their counsel submitted that Seow had induced Don Ho, by means
of fraudulent misrepresentations, to misapply accounting principles and
thereby took into account doubtful debts and liabilities resulting in his
having to write off all the debts owing to UEG by various parties. The long
list of such liabilities included the Telekom HQ plumbing project, the Johor
Duty Free Complex, Wakaf College project, and debts from the Faber Group. The
plaintiffs claimed that Seow had fraudulently misled Don Ho in all these
projects. In the Telekom HQ project, for instance, they said that Don Ho was
falsely led to believe that the project was delayed for two years, during
which time it was funded by UEG, and that it would be unlikely for this debt
to be recovered. They also said that Don Ho was led to believe that the Wakaf
College would be constructed at UEG’s own cost, and that Don Ho was not told
that the debts due to UEG would be paid by UEM, thus, Don Ho wrongly wrote
them off as bad debts.

9 Mr Shanmugam responded to each item of complaint in turn. In respect of the
general approach, he referred to the submissions made by the plaintiffs to Don
Ho where, on the advice of their expert accountant, Kon Yin Tong, they
strongly suggested that Don Ho jettison the “percentage of turnover” formula
in favour of “actual costs” in his evaluation. In respect of the probable
value of UEG at the material time, Sulaihah, a director of UEG, under cross-
examination by Mr Shanmugam, acknowledged that UEG’s draft accounts as at 31
December 1999 showed a loss of RM10m – which was more than that assessed by
Don Ho (RM7.4m). The parties had agreed in the consent judgment recorded by
Rajendran J that the accounts of 1998 were to be binding on them. I accept Mr
Khoo’s thematic point that fraud unravels everything, but in this instance,
the substance of the alleged fraud was not based on freshly discovered
information. They were matters that could be, and were raised, explored, and
investigated before the accounts were accepted. It is more pertinent to note
that in each of the alleged instances of fraud _ie_ Telekom HQ, Wakaf College,
and Mancon, Don Ho’s attention was drawn sharply to these matters. Whether,
and how much more money was likely to be collected in each instance by UEG had
been clearly put to Don Ho, but Don Ho had either disagreed with the
suggestions or placed little value to them (which comes to the same thing so
far as his report was concerned). In some matters, it is apparent that Don Ho
was quite right in not taking them into account, but some others remained
matters of professional debate, for example, whether an accountant or
valuation expert in those circumstances ought to have made some provision for
this item or that. In other words, they were matters of professional
discretion and judgment - for instance, in respect of the Telekom HQ project,
the evidence showed that some RM6.8m had been due and owing to UEG for over
two years. If Don Ho thought that the debts could not be recovered, it would
be he, not Seow, who had to explain himself.

**Fraud: Third issue – The PWD projects**

10 The allegations here concerned three projects: The Traffic Police HQ
project; the Cantonment Road Complex; and the Ministry of Home Affairs
project. The theme in respect of these projects was that Don Ho did not take
into account expected profits of GIE because of fraudulent non-disclosure by
Seow. In respect of the Traffic Police HQ case, one of the quarrels concerned
the valuer taking into account anticipated costs (after the provisional budget
had been increased) but not anticipated profits. The plaintiffs’ expert
conceded that some accountants might regard this as an acceptable method of
valuation while others might disagree. On another point, GIE tendered for the
project at $2,682,800 at a budgeted cost of $2,359,070 that would have given
it a 12% profit. The plaintiffs’ evidence was contradictory. The initial
budget cost was submitted to Don Ho as $2,637,529 and thus, the profit would
have been 1.7% instead of 12%. This was corroborated by admission by Tan that
the budget cost was prepared at a low, if not nil profit margin. It was also
asserted that a sum of $318,018 was put into the budget cost on behalf of one
of their sub-contractors, Wai Kee, and the amount was in fact recoverable from
Wai Kee. The evidence indicated that this was a piece of dubious optimism, and
even Tan himself admitted as much under cross-examination.

11 The plaintiffs alleged that the Cantonment Road Complex project was awarded
at $3,386,800 with a budget cost by GIE at $3,006,000. Thus a profit at 11.2%
would have been expected. The plaintiffs also complained that the balance
budget summaries of GIE showed that there was a substantial increase of budget
from $3,006,000 to $3,768,056. The plaintiffs maintained that the increase was
unwarranted; and it was done merely to inflate the costs, and thereby reduced
the profitability of GIE. The two points are connected. As Mr Khoo submitted
(at para 235 of Plaintiffs’ Submissions, Part B):

If the budget was not contrived or fraudulently increased by the Defendants to
$762,056, [Don Ho] would have taken the original contract sum of $3,386,800
and deducted from it the correct budgeted costs of $3,006,000. This would
disclose a profit of $380,800 and not losses of $381,256.”

There was no reasonable evidence that supported the plaintiffs’ claim. What
had been adduced proved contradictory at best. For example, the assertion that
GIE would have made substantial profits (if Seow had not fraudulently
increased the budgeted costs) is contrary to the plaintiffs’ admission that
they (both Seow and Tan) had intentionally taken the decision to tender for
the job at low or no profit. The plaintiffs explained the commercial reason
for this plan. They were happy just to get the jobs if the projects were
substantial because GIE’s reputation and profile would increase by association
or involvement with such projects. Furthermore, Tan admitted under cross-
examination that all the matters complained of had been raised in their
submission to Don Ho. The plaintiffs wanted to show that Don Ho’s working
papers would reveal that he had relied upon the “false” figures supplied by
Seow. Since Don Ho was not being called as a witness, his working papers were
clearly inadmissible. Except by consent, the person who scribbles such notes
must present them in court himself and give an account of those notes so that
he can be cross-examined on them in respect of the accuracy and reliability of
the notes, as well as that of any subsequent conclusion or opinion that might
have been formed in reliance on them.

12 The same pattern of allegation and rebuttal followed in respect of the
Ministry of Home Affairs project, another feather in the cap for GIE at the
time when they were awarded the contract. Again, they had placed a low tender
price ($13,989,000) but the budget cost taken up in the valuation by Don Ho
was $17,981,930. This was criticised by the plaintiffs on two grounds. First,
they said that Seow had fraudulently under-priced the tender and subsequently
inflated the variation costs. The result was that instead of profits, losses
were shown. Secondly, that Don Ho was wrong to take into account the variation
costs but not the resulting profits. This ground was traversed several times
at trial, and I am satisfied that Don Ho had taken an approach that was
professionally acceptable although other approaches might have been available,
and even Mr Kon, the plaintiffs’ expert, accepted that that was so. And as in
all the previous assertions of fraud, the plaintiffs presented the complaints
in respect of the Ministry of Home Affairs project to Don Ho in their
submissions, both written and oral. The response by Don Ho further indicated
that he had taken all these complaints into account.

**Fraud: Fourth issue – the 1999 losses (TFP and EWTC claims)**

13 In respect of the Traffic Police HQ project (“TFP”), the plaintiffs averred
that the valuer was falsely provided with information leading to a wrongful
valuation of costs anticipated for variation works. The claim was based on the
plaintiffs’ opinion that the costs for the project were (or should be)
$1,917,605 and not the sum of $2,275,912.94 as was given to Don Ho. I need not
dwell on this allegation nor that concerning the related allegation that the
resulting difference of $358,302.58 was double counted as a loss. The evidence
showed that these two points were clearly brought to Don Ho’s attention and
that he had addressed his mind to them. If he had any misgivings subsequently
he must come forward and tell the court what they were. Mr Khoo himself had
little to say about them in his submission other than pointing that the
assertions in the affidavit of evidence-in-chief of Ang Chye Soon had not been
challenged. This is not quite accurate. The crucial evidence of Don Ho’s
knowledge had been fully ventilated through cross-examination of Ang as well
as Soh and the undisputed written submissions made by the parties to Don Ho in
the course of his valuation exercise. The crux of the plaintiffs’ evidence on
these points can be found in para 202 of Ang’s affidavit where he says:

By failing to recognise the appropriate project costs and mis-matching it with
the recognised project revenue of $1,917,605 GIE’s valuation for the period 1
January to 31 July 1999, was undervalued by $506,378.57, for the TFP project.
This comprised the fraudulently recognised loss of $358,307.94 and the imputed
profit that ought to have been taken into account of $148,070.63.

The same points were made in their written submissions (Submission no 2) to
Don Ho in which the same figures were also stated. The plaintiffs were
virtually shouting “fraud” to Don Ho’s face.

14 The claim involving EWTC concerned the allegation that Don Ho was misled
into over-providing a liability in the form of a claim made by a company known
as EWTC Electrical Engineering Pte Ltd (“EWTC”) against GIE. The plaintiffs
deposed that EWTC had taken GIE to arbitration in respect of a claim for
US$863,100.69. They said that Seow fraudulently failed to disclose to Don Ho
that EWTC had offered to settle by paying GIE US$500,000. If he had been told,
the provision for loss would have taken this US$500,000 into account and been
reduced accordingly. The arbitration was subsequently settled, after Don Ho’s
report was released, at US$490,000. Furthermore, it was alleged that Seow did
not produce the documents that would show that GIE had a counterclaim for
US$350,000. The documentary evidence showed that Don Ho was aware of the
arbitration between EWTC and GIE and, in the absence of any evidence from him,
I am unable to make any finding of fact as to what specific documents were or
were not disclosed to him. But that is of little importance because the
plaintiffs _had_ drawn Don Ho’s attention specifically to the counterclaim as
well as the offer to settle at US$500,000. I do not see how any allegation of
fraud can be sustained on these incontrovertible facts unless the plaintiffs
are saying (which they do not) that the failure of Seow _himself_ to make
these facts known to Don Ho itself constituted fraud, notwithstanding that
Seow’s fraudulent designs were foiled when the plaintiffs provided the
information to Don Ho. That had been Mr Khoo’s main argument for not calling
Don Ho. He submitted that Don Ho is not a relevant witness; that the only
issue was whether “the valuation was tainted by fraud”. He submitted that how
“the fraud got past the valuer is irrelevant”. That is a Thomist’s notion of
deceit (Aquinas propounded the view that _lying_ is the making of a statement
that the maker believes to be untrue, and it does not matter that the
statement was, in fact, true). I do not think that this should be the test for
fraud in a civil, as opposed to criminal law (where attempted fraud is itself
an offence). In any event, the test must be whether Don Ho was deceived.
Contrary to Mr Khoo’s submission, Don Ho would have been a critical witness to
the plaintiffs on this point.

15 In the course of the trial, Mr Khoo made various attempts to defend his
witnesses from the searching cross-examination of Mr Shanmugam. I overruled
his objections in many instances on the ground that I do not run a “witness
protection programme”. I shall now like to elaborate on that: An important
aspect of the court’s function is to let the witnesses say their piece; and to
let counsel question them as they fancy, constrained only by the rules of
evidence, time and counsel’s vision. Thus, a court would not interfere just
because the cross-examination is conducted more crossly or sternly than the
opposing counsel may have liked. The hotter the fire, the brighter the truth.
A court would not, of course, participate in the questioning of a witness, be
it to damn him or to help him, lest it loses the aura of impartiality, if not
impartiality itself. The witnesses in the present case were well educated and
experienced professionals. Their testimonies in court were clear and
articulate. And it was because the plaintiffs were subjected to such intense
cross-examination that I was able to form the view that all three of them are
honest men. They are competent and able in their own fields, and even appear
to have an ostensibly good reason to ask how it was that a company that was
once on the verge of public listing, with a potential asset value of $19.7m,
be valued at only $3m barely eight months later. In the light of their
acrimonious past, it was probably not unreasonable for them to suspect that
Seow was responsible for that change. They each believed that Seow was the
personification of the confederate villains, bad faith and chicanery. I had no
opportunity to assess Seow since he did not testify as a witness. But before
the court should consider drawing any adverse inference from his absence, it
must be satisfied that his presence was necessary. The burden of proof in such
a case is not the same for both parties because the plaintiffs must first
prove that there was a case that required rebuttal, at least on some crucial
issue. The plaintiffs expended great effort to find evidence to prove so. They
had given all the discovered documents together with an analysis of the state
of affairs (with assistance from their solicitors and expert accountant) to
Don Ho – three times in writing and once orally. In between submissions,
numerous letters were despatched by their solicitors to the defendants’
solicitors and to Don Ho. In his response by way of letter and report, Don Ho
made it clear that he had taken all the points raised by the plaintiffs into
account. The evidence at trial did not reveal anything exceptional or
critically important that had not been raised previously to Don Ho. The gap
between proof and suspicion may be as narrow as the slimmest thread; but
unless it is bridged, that gap might as well stretch through infinity, whose
end no eye could reach.

16 I find no evidence to satisfy me that there was any fraud on Don Ho. The
burden of proof of fraud in a civil case is said to be higher than proof on a
balance of probabilities but lower than that of proving beyond reasonable
doubt. I doubt the wisdom of attempting a more precise definition of what that
means, lest lawyers strain to pick the twigs and leaves and miss the picture
altogether. It is sufficient to say that the judge must warn himself that an
assertion of fraud is serious enough to merit a high degree of proof. How that
burden is discharged depends on the individual circumstances of the case. That
must include the nature of the fraud alleged, the instances of fraud, and how
strong and reliable the evidence is. In the present case, there is a factor
that is significant by its absence – the evidence of Don Ho. Mr Khoo has not
succeeded in persuading me that Don Ho was not a material witness for the
plaintiff. The detailed consent judgment forms the relief against which this
present claim must be examined. The parties, especially the plaintiffs, had
ensured that there would be scarcely any room for concealment, mischief, or
sloth. None of the protective devices in that judgment was triggered. So,
without Don Ho, this present action comes too late, with too little.

**Plaintiffs’ application to strike out Defence**

17 That brings me now to address the plaintiffs’ second substantive ground –
that the Defence ought to be struck out on account of a contumelious breach of
discovery orders. They include an “unless order” issued by me on 1 April 2002
(in the plaintiffs’ appeal against the assistant registrar’s refusal (on 9
July 2001) to strike out the Defence for failing to comply with discovery
orders made previously). The major part of the plaintiffs’ complaint concerned
the balance budget summaries (“BBS”). These were documents recording the
details or particulars in instances where there was a budget overrun. A
purchase or works order is an example of such a document as it will contain
the reason for the request and it will lead to other documentation as to what
was done and the costs involved. The plaintiffs maintained that in many such
instances, these documents (purchase/works orders) were not produced to
support the transaction. The conclusion counsel wished me to draw is that the
BBS were either falsely declared or falsely suppressed. In either way, the
consequence was that Don Ho was not given the correct accounting material for
his evaluation of the company’s worth. Mr Khoo also submitted that contrary to
Seow’s evidence on affidavit, there were no BBS to record the many instances
of budget revision. In some instances (_eg_ the UEG project) the plaintiffs
demanded sight of all BBS and all documents related to each of the BBS. The
defendants have stated that in most of those instances Don Ho was aware that
there were no available documents and he had taken that into account.

18 This was a difficult and unusual case to determine, at the interlocutory
stage, whether there were any breaches of the discovery orders, and if so,
what they were, and whether the breaches were of such a nature that the
Defence ought to be struck out for non-compliance. It was also difficult and
not very sensible to carry out a determination of these questions so close to
the trial where the same issues were likely to arise (which as it transpired,
was the case). I had therefore ordered that the plaintiffs’ application (for
striking out the Defence) be heard as part of the issues at trial. I was
mindful that interlocutory matters should, as far as possible, be kept
distinct from the bigger arena of the trial court, and to be dealt with at the
interlocutory stage because that is the nature of interlocutory matters; they
are skirmishes designed with the objective of preventing the trial from
becoming too long or unmanageable. In the present case, I had taken into
consideration the fact that many orders for discovery had already been made,
and that there had been substantial compliance by the defendants. It also
appeared that the plaintiffs had abandoned 11 of the 16 allegations of fraud
after discovery. Finally, without the evidence of the experts (particularly
Don Ho) it was impossible to know what other documents were truly relevant, or
even in existence at all. It would have been helpful had Don Ho deposed as to
what other documents he would have liked to see, given the state of knowledge
that the plaintiffs had at the time they asked for the specific discovery. Don
Ho was conspicuous by his silence and absence.

19 It is always difficult for a court to order the production of documents at
the interlocutory stage when the party in question has sworn that he does not
possess the documents sought. Now, at the end of the trial, I am satisfied
that there was no material non-disclosure of documents of a contumelious
nature such that the Defence ought to be struck out. There were indications
that there might be some documents that were not disclosed, for example, the
defendants did not produce any BBS recording a transfer of RM60,000 on 7 June
1996, in one of the UEG projects, although it was noted in a BBS dated 27
September 1996. But this, as well as all the other instances raised, did not
affect the critical findings of fact that I had to make in respect of the
trial proper. The failure of the plaintiffs’ case was due to the inherent
inadequacy of their own primary evidence. The documents they sought in
discovery should, at best, be corroboration of that evidence – not in lieu of
it. This point requires some elaboration. The plaintiffs have alleged fraud
and cited a number of events that they said constituted fraud in each of them.
They must therefore satisfy the court that they had the evidence to support
these allegations at trial. This duty does not affect an independent state of
affairs in which evidence of fraud is discovered in the course of the
interlocutory process. In that situation, the plaintiff would be entitled, if
not obliged, to amend his claim so as to incorporate the fresh evidence of
fraud. The thrust of Mr Khoo’s argument on the discovery issue was that the
failure to give discovery had prevented the plaintiffs from adducing evidence
of fraud. But the plaintiffs have applied the discovery process (including the
extra-judicial emphasis impressed upon Don Ho in regard to the materials
sought) to the fullest. Seow had co-operated in some instances, and resisted
others. In this regard, the discovery exercise proved to be a speculative
exercise. In the end, I am of the view that there was no breach of the
discovery orders sufficient to warrant a striking out of the Defence.

20 I shall now consider a little more fully the effect of Mr Shanmugam’s
submission of no case to meet. The basic rule is that the plaintiff must first
prove its case to the court. The task of the Defence is to expose the
weaknesses and flaws in that case so that the court may, on a balance of
probabilities, find that the plaintiff’s case cannot be sustained. Thus, all
the tussles and the cut and thrust at trial are manoeuvres towards that
objective. Where a defendant offers no evidence, it has to persuade the court
that either the plaintiff’s case cannot stand on its own, even without any
rebuttal evidence from the Defence, or that the evidence does not disclose any
cause of action in law. This approach was endorsed by the Court of Appeal in
_Bansal Hermant Govindprasad v Central Bank of India_ [2003] 2 SLR 33. The
evidence of the plaintiffs here failed to persuade me that there was any
_fraud on Don Ho_. (The last four words of the preceding sentence are
emphasised because those words represent the foundation and mainstay of the
plaintiffs’ claim). There could only be fraud on the valuer (Don Ho) if fraud
was practised on him without his knowing it. Fraud in this context would have
included a situation in which he was aware of all the facts and events as they
occurred, but was unable to see that he was being deceived in the process. In
such event, he must tell the court that he has since realised the truth, and
that had he known of it at the material time, his valuation would have been
different. Although Don Ho did not testify, his report and all the submissions
made to him were admitted in evidence by consent of the parties. It is not
without significance that it was made clear to me at the trial that Don Ho was
available as a witness and was prepared to testify. Neither party wished to
call him because that would confer the advantage of cross-examination to the
other side. Unfortunately for the plaintiffs, the absence of Don Ho’s evidence
undermined their case as effectively, if not more so, than if he were utterly
destroyed by cross-examination. This was because all the evidence indicated
very clearly that Don Ho was not deceived.

21 There is one other matter that emphasised the weakness of the plaintiffs’
case. Under the consent order recorded by Rajendran J, the plaintiffs were
entitled to refer to the court should there be a dispute concerning any non-
disclosure of documents; or halt the valuation process (with liberty to re-
commence it) by letter to the valuer; and to apply to court at any time before
the valuation process ends. This appears to be a well-thought-through back-up
procedure should things not go according to the parties’ expectations. Of
course, the fact that the plaintiffs did not exercise any of these rights does
not mean that they are estopped from suing to nullify the valuation report,
especially where fraud is involved. But it does mean that the court will have
to consider the present allegations of fraud against this background. Seow
might have taken advantage of ambiguities in accounting principles that the
plaintiffs had not appreciated before, but that is not fraud in law. The
plaintiffs had the choice of suing as they did, in which event, Don Ho became
an indispensable witness to them; or they could have exercised their rights
under the consent order and reverted to the court, prior to the release of the
valuation, for more specific orders. There were clearly advantages and
disadvantages in either case. The plaintiffs chose one over the other. It
turned out to be the wrong call.

**Conclusion**

22 For the reasons above, I dismiss the plaintiffs’ claim with costs. I will
hear parties on the issue of costs if they are unable to agree costs.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 15 Jan 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

