Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Shahary bin Sulaiman  
[2004] SGHC 135

Case Number | : | CC 42/2003  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 24 June 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Kan Ting Chiu J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Benjamin Yim and Tan Wee Soon (Deputy Public Prosecutors) for public prosecutor; Surinder Singh Dhillon (Dhillon Dendroff and Partners) and Ramli Salehkon (Ramli and Co) for accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Shahary bin Sulaiman   
  
Criminal Law – Statutory offences – Misuse of Drugs Act – Trafficking of
controlled drugs – ss 5(1)(a), 5(2), 33 Misuse of Drugs Act (Cap 185, 2001 Rev
Ed)  
  

24 June 2004

Kan Ting Chiu J:

1 The accused was tried before me on the charge that he:

on the 14th day of April 2003, inside motor van GU 9114 C, at about 12:10 a.m.
along Hougang Avenue 7, Singapore, did traffic in a controlled drug specified
in Class A of the First Schedule to the Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185, to
wit, by having in [his] possession for the purpose of trafficking, 1 large
packet, 56 mini packets and 12 straws of yellow powdery substance, containing
a total of not less than 35.19 grams of diamorphine, without any authorisation
under the said Act or the regulations made thereunder and [he has] thereby
committed an offence under section 5(1)(a) read with section 5(2) of the
Misuse of Drugs Act, Chapter 185 and punishable under section 33 of the Misuse
of Drugs Act.

**The arrest**

2 The Central Narcotics Bureau (“CNB”) did not initiate investigations against
him. There was no stakeout, surveillance or ambush. The CNB became involved
only after he was arrested and the drugs were recovered.

3 In the early hours of 13 April 2003, two police officers, Sgt Pek Chee Keong
(“Sgt Pek”) and Cpl Yeo Kee Hwa (“Cpl Yeo”), were doing mobile patrol duties
in police car QX 4617 when they spotted a van travelling along Hougang Avenue
7 without its headlights switched on. They decided to make a check. They
stopped the van registration number GU 9114 C. There were two persons in it.
The accused, Shahary bin Sulaiman, was the driver, and another male person,
Sazali bin Omar (“Sazali”, also known as “Awie”), was the passenger.

4 Sgt Pek did a quick search of the van. He found nothing incriminating in the
back compartment of the van. When he searched the front compartment of the
van, he found a sachet of a yellowish substance in the ashtray. At that moment
Sazali threw something on to the ground, and he and the accused ran off in
different directions. Sgt Pek and Cpl Yeo pursued and apprehended the accused
and brought him back to the van. Sazali was arrested later by other police
officers who came as reinforcements for the two officers, and was also taken
back to the van.

**Recovery of the drugs**

5 Sgt Pek then made another search of the van in the presence of the accused
and Sazali. At this stage, it is useful to know the layout of the van. It is a
cargo van made up of two compartments, the front cabin which the driver and
passengers occupy, and the cargo compartment at the rear. The two compartments
are separated by a metal partition. The front cabin is accessible by two
doors, one on each side. There is a seat for the driver, the backrest of which
can be tilted forward. Next to it is a longer passenger seat with a fixed
backrest. The ashtray is on the dashboard behind the windscreen. The cargo
compartment is accessible by a sliding door on the left side of the vehicle
and a rear door.

6 Sgt Pek found three bags. They are:

(a) a black Lafuma brand bag (“Lafuma bag”), which is a haversack or backpack
with two straps;[1]

(b) a black Hayrer brand bag (“Hayrer bag”), which is a sling bag with one
strap;[2] and

(c) a white Soo Kee Jewellery paper bag (“Soo Kee bag”).[3]

On the ground in front of the van, Sgt Pek recovered three sachets of a
yellowish substance.

7 Sgt Pek’s description of the location from which the bags were located was
not consistent. In his conditioned statement,[4] he stated that they were
found behind the middle front passenger seat. When he recounted the events in
court, doubts arose whether there was a middle front passenger seat. In the
police car logsheet,[5] filled up at the end of the patrol at 7.00am on 14
April, it was recorded that a black Lafuma haversack, a Hayrer sling bag and a
Soo Kee paper bag were found behind the driver’s seat.

8 The confusion was compounded by the absence of photographs of the place from
which the bags were recovered, or of the ashtray. In the course of the trial,
counsel and the investigation officer had to make two trips to take
photographs of the cabin.[6] It was fortunate that the van was still available
in the same condition after it had been released to its owner. The additional
photographs showed that there was a driver’s seat and a longer passenger seat,
and no middle seat, and Sgt Pek clarified that the three bags were found in
the space between the backrest of the seats and the metal partition shown in
the additional photographs.[7]

9 The omission to take proper contemporaneous photographs of the location of
the bags could have created great difficulties. However, in this case the
accused accepted that the Hayrer and Soo Kee bags were kept by him in the
space between the seats and the metal partition and that he had placed the
sachet in the ashtray. The dispute was over whether the Lafuma bag was found
in the same place as the other two bags.

10 After the bags were discovered, the CNB was alerted and its officers took
over the investigations. Inspector Sim Wai Tong (“Insp Sim”) and his team of
officers were the first to arrive. Insp Sim went through the contents of the
three bags in the presence of the accused and Sazali with the assistance of
Cpl Hoe Yee Seng (“Cpl Hoe).[8] This was not disputed by defence counsel when
Insp Sim and Cpl Hoe gave their evidence and was also not contradicted by the
accused when he gave his defence.

11 The contents of the Lafuma bag included:

(a) one large packet of suspected heroin;

(b) a plastic bag containing 30 sachets (also described as mini-packets) of
suspected heroin;

(c) a plastic bag containing 12 sachets of suspected heroin;

(d) a Ziploc bag containing seven sachets of suspected heroin; and

(e) a digital weighing scale and its paper container.

12 The Hayrer bag was found to contain:

(a) a plastic bag containing six sachets of heroin;

(b) a plastic bag containing several smaller plastic bags;

(c) 12 straws of heroin and 13 empty straws; and

(d) a plastic bag containing 10 white tablets;

and the Soo Kee paper bag held a Ziploc bag containing crystalline substances
and a container containing crystalline substances.

13 At about 3.40am Insp Sim spoke to the accused with the assistance of a
Malay interpreter who recorded the exchange between them.[9] The answers to
the first seven questions are of particular significance:

Pointing to the black haversack,

Q1: Whose bag is this?

A1: It is mine.

Q2: What is inside this bag?

A2: Drugs.

Q3: What kind of drugs?

A3: Heroin.

Q4: Whom does all these drugs belong to?

A4: They are mine.

Pointing to the small ziploc bag with some straws in it

Q5: What does the straws contain?

A5: They contain heroin.

Pointing to the white Soo Kee Jewellery paper bag

Q6: What is inside the bag?

A6: Some substance called ‘Tawas’.

Q7: Whose is it?

A7: It is mine.

(The “tawas” is not a controlled drug and is not part of the subject matter of
the charge against the accused.)

14 It is noteworthy that from this early stage the accused’s attention was
drawn to the haversack. Insp Sim clarified in his evidence in court that the
haversack he pointed to was the Lafuma bag.[10] The Ziploc bag with straws
referred to in the fifth question were from the Hayrer bag, as that is the
only bag which contained these items.[11] These questions and answers show
that Insp Sim showed the accused the Lafuma and Soo Kee bags and some of the
contents of the Hayrer bag when Insp Sim questioned him.

15 The investigation officer ASP Omer Ali Saifudeen arrived at the scene at
about 4.37am and took over custody of the accused, Sazali and the items
recovered. The investigation officer also directed photographs to be taken of
the van, the sachet recovered from the ashtray of the van, the three sachets
recovered from the ground, the Hayrer bag and its contents, and the Lafuma bag
and its contents.[12]

16 There were lapses in the investigations. As I have noted, no photographs
were taken to show the place from which the three bags were recovered.
Likewise, the ashtray and the Soo Kee bag and its contents were not
photographed. No attempt was made to lift fingerprints from any of the
exhibits on the assumption that any prints would be smudged or covered
over.[13]

17 The accused, Sazali and the seized items were eventually brought back to
the CNB offices at the Police Cantonment Complex. At about 10.00am the
investigation officer weighed the suspected heroin. Eight weighings were done
of:

(a) the sachet from the ashtray;

(b) the three sachets on the ground;

(c) the six sachets from the Hayrer bag;

(d) the 12 straws from the Hayrer bag;

(e) the packet from the Lafuma bag;

(f) the 30 sachets from the Lafuma bag;

(g) the 12 sachets from the Lafuma bag; and

(h) the seven sachets from the Lafuma bag.

The total weight was 583.04g. The accused confirmed that he witnessed the
weighing of all the items, and that he remembered that the investigation
officer told him the total weight.

**The cautioned and investigation statements**

18 At about 11.40am, the investigation officer commenced recording a cautioned
statement from the accused with the assistance of a Malay interpreter. The
charge preferred was a joint charge against him and Sazali for trafficking all
the heroin recovered, _ie_ , “one large packet, fifty nine mini packets and 12
straws of yellow powdery substance believed to be diamorphine weighing
approximately 583.04g.”[14] (The charge the accused faced at the trial was for
the net quantity of diamorphine in the Lafuma and Hayrer bags and the sachet
in the ashtray, but not the three sachets on the road.) No objection was
raised over the admission of the statement which reads:

The heroin belongs to me. Sazali has nothing to do with the heroin. I want to
plead for leniency as this is the first time encounter with this kind of
stuff. That’s all.

19 It is to be noted that by the time he made the cautioned statement, the
accused knew that he was charged with trafficking 583.04g of heroin made up of
all the items weighed, consisting one packet, 59 sachets and 12 straws.

20 The cautioned statement was followed by three investigation statements. All
three statements were admitted in evidence without objection from the accused.
The first was recorded on the same day between 12.06pm and 1.15pm. In this
statement[15] the accused stated that he was a small-time heroin trafficker
selling in straw and sachet form. He met a Chinese male he knew as Ah Seng
three weeks previously at a coffee shop at Woodlands Central. Ah Seng offered
to sell him one “batu” of heroin for $15,000. He thought that was a good
bargain, and they arranged to meet again in a week.

21 He went to meet Ah Seng a week later in a rented van GU 9114 C. He paid Ah
Seng the money and received the heroin which was in a chunky granular form. He
took the heroin to his house. A few days later, he repacked it into sachets
and straws under the Benjamin Sheares Bridge. He went on to state that:

6 I kept the heroin in the black slingbag and black haversack hidden at the
Benjamin [Sheares] bridge. Yesterday, I collected the bags containing heroin
about 9pm plus. I then went down to Awie’s house at Marine Parade as he wanted
to buy 3 sachets of heroin from me. I sold it to him for a total of $1000/-. I
offered him lift to Hougang as he wanted to go to Ang Mo Kio. He said he could
take a taxi from Hougang to Ang Mo Kio.

7 I forgot to on the headlights. So that must have attracted the police. I
tried to run when they found the drugs in the ashtray of the van. But I was
caught. I last smoked heroin two days ago using the chasing the dragon method.

8 I want to plead guilty and ask for leniency as this is the first time I am
doing this. I am trying to do my own business by doing a delivery job but
accidentally I met this type of person who approached me. As my delivery
business was not doing well and I still had to pay for the rental of the van,
I had no choice but to go into this sort of business for just a short while
until things get better.

22 In his second investigation statement recorded on 17 April[16] the accused
gave a description of Ah Seng:

‘Ah Seng’ is in his 40’s, he is stout, about 1.75m, plumpish face, clean
shaven, no spectacles, the hair is a bit blondish, he also has [tattoos]. The
[tattoos] are on the left arm. The [tattoos] are pictures of dragons and so
on.

He added that Ah Seng frequented a coffee shop at Blk 2A Woodlands Central
after 7.00pm on Saturdays.

23 The third investigation statement was recorded on 28 May[17] when the
accused said that he got his heroin supply for his consumption from a coffee
shop in Woodlands from a Peranakan man by the name of Bob.

24 At the close of the Prosecution case, there were no submissions from
counsel for the accused that there was no case for him to answer. On the
evidence produced, the accused had admitted to ownership of the drugs
recovered. There was a clear case for the accused to enter his defence, which
he did.

**The defence**

25 The accused’s defence was that the drugs in the ashtray and the Hayrer
sling bag were his, but the Lafuma haversack and its contents were not in his
possession and did not belong to him.

26 In the course of cross-examination, counsel for the accused had put the
defence case to the Prosecution witnesses repeatedly that the Lafuma bag was
recovered from the cargo compartment of the van[18] and this was repeated in
the closing submissions.[19]

27 The defence can be reviewed in two parts: (a) the accused’s involvement
with the drugs; and (b) the reasons for making the statements.

**The accused’s involvement with the drugs**

28 The accused was a freelance delivery man and _karang guni_ man (a rag-and-
bone man). He had rented the van from Rahmah binte Arshad, who rented it out
because her husband was incapacitated by a stroke and could not use the van
himself, and because she needed the rental for financial support.

29 In the course of his work as a _karang guni_ man, the accused collected
discarded electrical appliances from housing estates and rubbish dumps in
Bedok, Tampines and Hougang and sold them to dealers in Sungei Kadut.

30 On 12 April, he had a load of such appliances which he intended to sell to
a dealer at Sungei Kadut known to him as Ah Seng. They arranged to meet at the
Turf Club. After the races, Ah Seng inspected the appliances which were in the
van and expressed interest in them. Ah Seng borrowed the van to transport the
goods to his store, and promised to return it the following day.

31 On the next day at about 9.00pm, Ah Seng returned the van to him. Ah Seng
agreed to pay $500 for the appliances, and offered to sell him ten sachets of
heroin and some sleeping tablets for $3,000. The accused bought the drugs and
paid Ah Seng $2,500 after deducting $500 for the appliances. The accused
brought the heroin home, where he packed part of the contents of one sachet
into 12 straws and resealed that sachet.

32 Sazali came into the picture when Sazali telephoned the accused to pay him
for his share of drinks they had had together previously. They agreed to meet.
The accused kept six sachets and the 12 straws in the Hayrer bag and four
sachets in the ashtray. He took the Hayrer bag and the Soo Kee bag with him to
the van and placed them in the space between the seats and the metal
partition, and the remaining four sachets in the ashtray, three of which
Sazali threw away when the van was searched.

33 The accused had kept his appointment with Sazali, and was giving Sazali a
lift to Hougang when they were stopped and arrested.

34 He admitted that the drugs in the Hayrer bag and the ashtray belonged to
him, but denied any knowledge of or connection with the Lafuma bag and its
contents.

35 His professed ignorance of the Lafuma bag was at variance with the case his
counsel put repeatedly that the Lafuma bag was recovered from the cargo
compartment. The accused said that he did not know that the Lafuma bag was in
the van[20] and did not know where it was recovered from.[21] Counsel did not
offer any satisfactory explanation for this inconsistency between the case
put, and the accused’s own evidence. An explanation was needed because counsel
had let it be known that he had put the case on the accused’s
instructions.[22]

36 The accused went so far as to say that he did not see the Lafuma haversack
until it was produced at the preliminary inquiry,[23] despite the clear
reference to it in Insp Sim’s record of his interview[24] and his admission in
para 6 of his first investigation statement that “I kept the heroin in the
black slingbag and black haversack”.[25]

37 The accused’s attempt to distance himself from the haversack was strained
further by his explanation that when he used the terms “black slingbag” and
“black haversack” he was referring to the same Hayrer bag.[26] This was
entirely inconsistent with the reference to “the black slingbag _and_ black
haversack” [emphasis added] in para 6 of his investigation statement, and the
reference to them in the plural as “the bags” in the same paragraph.[27]

38 The accused thought the Lafuma bag might have been left behind when Ah Seng
returned the van.[28] If he believed that, it would be natural for him to
alert the investigators of this to prove his non-involvement with that bag,
but his actions fell short of that. He did not say in any of his statements
that the Lafuma bag might have been Ah Seng’s. He claimed that he had written
Ah Seng’s telephone number on a piece of paper,[29] but he did not give it to
the investigation officer. He said he gave it to his counsel, but his counsel
confirmed that he did not supply any telephone number to the investigation
officer. Apparently, even the description he gave of Ah Seng was unreliable.
The accused said that only the parts of his statement relating to Ah Seng’s
age, built and height were true, and the other details were untrue. He said
that the false details had come from the investigation officer, but this was
never put to the investigation officer, and no explanation was given as to why
the investigation officer would fabricate details about Ah Seng or why the
accused would agree to them.

39 He also claimed that his brother had tried, without success, to locate Ah
Seng, but he did not disclose the information supplied to him for that purpose
or call the unidentified brother as his witness.

**Reasons for making the statements**

40 The accused’s position was that while he had made the statements, some
parts of the statements were untrue and had been made up by him, while other
parts had come from the investigation officer.

41 The first statement was the one recorded by Insp Sim. The accused’s
explanation for his answers was that Insp Sim was pointing to the Hayrer bag
when the questioning commenced[30] although Insp Sim had expressly recorded
that he was pointing to the black haversack at that time.

42 The next statement recorded was the cautioned statement. He was aware that
he was charged for trafficking 59 mini packets and 12 straws of heroin
weighing 583.04g.[31] He claimed that he had told the investigation officer
that only ten packets and 12 straws were his and that the investigation
officer “told me that in my earlier statement I have admitted”,[32] but this
was not put to the investigation officer. When he gave the cautioned
statement, he was referring to the drugs in the Hayrer bag, the ashtray and
the drugs thrown from the van.

43 As I have already noted, when the accused made his cautioned statement he
was responding to a charge relating to one large packet, 59 sachets and 12
straws of drugs that were weighed in his presence. As he knew that there were
only six sachets and 12 straws of drugs in the Hayrer bag, one sachet in the
ashtray and three sachets on the road, he could not be referring only to the
drugs in the Hayrer bag, ashtray and on the road outside the van when he said
“[t]he heroin belongs to me” in response to the charge.

44 The cautioned statement was followed by three investigation statements. The
accused explained that he had made up parts of the statements. He gave three
reasons for doing that. One reason was that during the weighing of the drugs,
the investigation officer informed him that there had been cases where drugs
weighing one or two kilograms were reduced to three or four grams.[33] As his
counsel put it in the closing submissions,[34] the accused believed the
investigation officer because he was “in control of the whole situation”. He
took comfort in not having to face a capital charge.

45 The investigation officer denied giving the accused any such assurance. It
would have been reckless for the investigation officer to speculate on the net
diamorphine content of the drugs weighed, and for the accused to have believed
him when they both knew that the drugs had not been analysed at that time.
Furthermore, the accused did not explain why he had taken comfort in the
prospect that he would not face a capital charge and had admitted to ownership
of all the drugs if the bulk of them had nothing to do with him.

46 The accused also said that he made the statements out of concern for Rahmah
and Sazali. He was sympathetic over Rahmah’s plight with her incapacitated
husband, and wanted to ensure that the investigation officer would return the
van to her so that she could derive income from renting it out. He was also
anxious to exonerate Sazali, who was arrested and charged jointly with him.

47 Again, it was not explained why he made unnecessary and excessive
admissions to assist them, when he could have assisted and exculpated them
without falsely incriminating himself. The accused did not allege that the
investigation officer had agreed to release Sazali and the van only if the
accused had made incriminating statements.

48 The accused said that he was cold and tired from drug withdrawal when he
made those statements. He had not mentioned that he was experiencing
discomfort either to the two doctors who examined him before and after the
recording of his cautioned statement, or to the investigation officer or the
interpreter during the recording of his statements.

49 He also agreed with the prosecutor that, as at the time he was concerned
about Rahmah and Sazali, the discomfort was not severe.[35] It was not taken
in the defence as a factor negating voluntariness by sapping his will so that
he made statements which he would not otherwise had made. The accused’s
complaint was that he had made up parts of his statements by himself, not that
he had succumbed to agreeing with the investigation officer’s suggestions
because of his weakened state.

**Evaluation of the evidence**

50 There were, at the end of the case, two essential issues; whether the
Lafuma bag was found together with the Hayrer and Soo Kee bags, and whether
the accused had admitted that the Lafuma bag was his.

51 Sgt Pek and Cpl Yeo testified that all three bags were found between the
seats and the metal partition.

52 The accused claimed that he did not see the Lafuma bag before the
preliminary investigation, although Insp Sim’s and Cpl Hoe’s evidence that
they went through the three bags in the presence of the accused was not
challenged.

53 The accused’s evidence was contradicted by the evidence of Sgt Pek and Cpl
Yeo and inconsistent with the case put to them, while the evidence of Sgt Pek
and Cpl Yeo was corroborated by the near-contemporaneous entry in the patrol
car logsheet[36] that the Lafuma bag was found “behind the driver seat”.

54 On the evidence, I found as a fact that the Lafuma bag was together with
the Hayrer and Soo Kee bags.

55 On the second issue, there was the accused’s recorded and signed admissions
of his ownership of the drugs. He did not allege that the admissions were
tainted by inducement, threat, promise or oppression, or inadmissible for any
other reason.

56 His explanation for them was that he was relieved that he was not facing a
capital charge, that he was anxious that the van be returned to Rahmah, and
that Sazali be exonerated and released, and that he was feeling the effects of
drug withdrawal.

57 On his own evidence (disputed by the investigation officer), there was only
a remark that he may not face a capital charge. There was no assertion that it
was going to be so, or any promise that it would be so if he incriminated
himself. Neither was there any promise that Sazali and the van would be
released if he made suitable statements. The discomfort, if any, was not
severe and did not diminish his powers of thought or weaken his will.

58 If there was any truth in his defence, he would have told the investigators
that the Lafuma bag might have been left in the van by Ah Seng. He did not say
that. Instead, he only mentioned Ah Seng as the supplier of some of the drugs
recovered. He claimed that he had Ah Seng’s telephone number, but did not
disclose that to the investigation officer. He said he gave it to his counsel,
but his counsel confirmed that Ah Seng’s telephone number was not given to the
investigation officer.

59 At the conclusion of my review of the evidence and the defence, I found the
defence to be entirely unworthy of belief. There was no doubt in my mind that
the accused was in possession of the Lafuma bag, the Hayrer bag and the heroin
in them, as well as the sachet in the ashtray, and that he had admitted that
they belonged to him.

60 In the circumstances I found the accused guilty and convicted him, and
imposed the mandatory death sentence on him.

  

* * *

[1]See P7 and P8.

[2]See P6.

[3]See photographs P7-P8 (Lafuma bag), and P6 (Hayrer bag).

[4]PS7.

[5]P77.

[6]Photographs P74-P76 and P78-P84.

[7]See P75.

[8]PS8 para 3 and PS22 para 3.

[9]P32.

[10]Notes of Evidence page 127.

[11]See P6.

[12]P1-P13.

[13]Notes of Evidence pages 130-131 and 370.

[14]P39A.

[15]P38.

[16]P40.

[17]P41.

[18]Notes of Evidence pages 86, 100, 133, 172, 253, 257, 267, 268, 417.

[19]At para 6.

[20]Notes of Evidence page 486.

[21]Notes of Evidence page 503.

[22]Notes of Evidence pages 86, 100 and 133.

[23]Notes of Evidence page 591.

[24]See para 13 hereof

[25]See para 21 hereof.

[26]Notes of Evidence page 652.

[27]Notes of Evidence page 651.

[28]Notes of Evidence page 707.

[29]Notes of Evidence page 693.

[30]Notes of Evidence page 489.

[31]Notes of Evidence page 518.

[32]Notes of Evidence page 520.

[33]Notes of Evidence page 516.

[34]At para 21.

[35]Notes of Evidence page 646.

[36]P77.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 24 Jun 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

