Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Public Prosecutor v Abdul Aziz s/o Hameed Sultan @ Nur Mohammad Hafeez  
[2004] SGHC 13

Case Number | : | CC 2/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 28 January 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Benjamin Yim and Derek Kang (Deputy Public Prosecutor) for prosecution; David Rasif (David Rasif and Partners) for accused   
Parties | : |  Public Prosecutor — Abdul Aziz s/o Hameed Sultan @ Nur Mohammad Hafeez   
  
Criminal Law – Offences – Unnatural offences – s 377 Penal Code (Cap 224).  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Victim of low intelligence –
Whether there were any other special aggravating factors.  
  
Criminal Procedure and Sentencing – Sentencing – Offence of sodomy –
Negligible penetration and superficial tears at the anal verge – Whether this
amounted to a mitigating factor.  
  

28 January 2004

Choo Han Teck J:

1 The accused is a 30-year-old driver with a logistics company. He was charged
for committing four sexual offences. He pleaded guilty to the first and fourth
charges. The second charge was withdrawn by the Prosecution, and the accused
agreed to have the third charge taken into account for the purposes of
sentencing.

2 The first charge was for sodomy on an 18-year-old youth on 7 April 2003 at
9.00am in the flat where the accused was staying. The fourth charge was for
making the same youth perform fellatio on the accused on the same occasion
that the first offence was committed.

3 The facts were straightforward. The youth was having breakfast in a coffee
shop about 9.00am on 7 April 2003. The accused was at the same coffee shop and
he beckoned the youth to his table. The youth went over and the accused
offered him a job. He offered to pay the youth $23 for washing the aquariums
in his flat. The youth agreed and immediately followed the accused to the
flat. There the accused stripped himself and told the youth to do the same or
he would be assaulted. The youth complied. Thereafter, the accused committed
the offences against the youth. In terms of sequence, the offence of fellatio
was committed first followed by the offence of sodomy. After the acts were
done, the youth washed himself in the bathroom and left. He immediately lodged
a police report against the accused.

4 The accused had a long record of traffic offences but no antecedent relevant
to the present offences. In mitigation, Mr David Rasif pointed out that the
two offences were committed on the same occasion, and secondly, in respect of
the sodomy charge, the medical reports indicate that there was but the barest
penetration, perhaps sufficient only to constitute the offence. It does appear
to me that the medical reports indicated that there were no disturbance to the
anal canal and the two superficial tears were in the “anal verge”.

5 I accept that s 377 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed) encompasses a
wide range of culpability. It also distinguishes vastly different conduct as
falling within its ambit, and I accept that sodomy marks the high end of the
range. But within this aspect of the offences under s 377, there is a range of
culpability. We do not merely distinguish between the culpability of fellatio
and sodomy but also between the degrees of culpability under each of them. In
my view, there were no special aggravating factors apart from the fact that
the youth was of low intelligence. Almost every offence will have some degree
of reprehensive behaviour on the part of the accused. Hence, there must be
some significant features to treat the case as having aggravating factors. On
the other hand, the negligible penetration must be a mitigating factor. But
for the two superficial tears at the anal verge, the act might have only been
an attempt to sodomise.

6 On the above facts, and taking the broad view as to the totality of
punishment, I imposed a sentence of six years’ imprisonment for the first
charge and nine months’ imprisonment for the fourth charge, to be served
concurrently with the imprisonment under the first charge.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 28 Jan 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

