Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd v Rasmachayana Sulistyo alias
Chang Whe Ming  
[2004] SGHC 87

Case Number | : | Bankrutcy 115/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 04 October 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Joyce Low Wei Lin AR   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Andrew Chan and Desmond Ho (Allen and Gledhill) for petitioning creditor; Rodney Keong (Rodyk and Davidson) for debtor   
Parties | : |  The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corp Ltd — Rasmachayana Sulistyo alias Chang Whe Ming   
  
4 October 2004

AR Joyce Low:

1 The petitioning creditor, Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
(‘HSBC’) filed a bankruptcy petition against Rasmachayana Sulistyo
(‘Sulistyo’). As of 9 January 2004, Sulistyo was indebted to HSBC in the
aggregate sums of US$58,064,279.35 and $27,820.08 pursuant to a judgment
against him for failure to honour a personal guarantee with HSBC. Sulistyo
opposed the bankruptcy petition on two grounds, _ie_ that the statutory demand
had not been properly served on him and that the court did not have
jurisdiction to make the bankruptcy order. I rejected both these objections
and made a bankruptcy order against Sulistyo for the reasons set out below.

2 I considered Sulistyo’s objections to the service of the statutory demand
first. Rule 96 of the Bankruptcy Rules (‘the Rules’) governs the service of a
statutory demand. Rule 96(1) requires the creditor to take all reasonable
steps to bring the demand to the debtor’s attention. Pursuant to r 96(3),
where the creditor is not able to effect personal service, he may effect
substituted service by such other means as would be most effective in bringing
the demand to the notice of the debtor. Rule 96(6) provides that a creditor
shall not resort to substituted service unless he has taken all steps that
would suffice to justify the court making an order for substituted service of
a bankruptcy petition and the mode of substituted service would have been such
that the court would have ordered in the circumstances. Rule 96(4) states that
substituted service may be effected in the following manner:

(a) by posting the statutory demand at the door or some other conspicuous part
of the last known place of residence or business of the debtor or both;

(b) by forwarding the statutory demand to the debtor by prepaid registered
post to the last known place of residence, business or employment of the
debtor;

(c) where the creditor is unable to effect substituted service in accordance
with sub-paragraph (a) or (b) by reason that he has no knowledge of the last
known place of residence, business or employment of the debtor, by
advertisement of the statutory demand in one or more local newspapers…

(d) such other mode which the court would have ordered in an application for
substituted service of a petition in the circumstances.

3 On the facts of the present case, according to the affidavit of service
filed by HSBC’s process server, three different modes of service were employed
to serve the statutory demand. The process server left a copy of the demand at
the address of Sulistyo’s forwarding agent. HSBC took out an advertisement of
the notice of the statutory demand in “The Straits Times”, an English
newspaper circulating in Singapore. Finally, copies of the statutory demand
were left at the residential addresses last known to HSBC, _ie_ at 331 River
Valley Road #13-02 and 61 Meyer Road #15-04. Counsel for Sulistyo, Mr Rodney
Keong submitted that there was no proper service of the statutory demand as
none of the three methods of service complied with r 96 of the Rules.

4 Mr Keong submitted that service by leaving a copy of the demand at the
address of Sulistyo’s forwarding agent did not amount to good service,
although the parties agreed to this method of service. This is because the
Rules do not provide for service of a statutory demand by agreement. He argued
that although O 62 r 3(2) of the Rules of Court provides that personal service
of documents may be effected in a manner as may be agreed between the parties,
the provision is not applicable because O 1 r 2(4) excludes the application of
the Rules of Court to bankruptcy proceedings.

5 I disagree with Mr Keong that O 62 r 3 is irrelevant to bankruptcy
proceedings. Section 11 of the Bankruptcy Act reads “[i]n any matter of
practice or procedure for which no specific provision has been made in the Act
or the Bankruptcy Rules, the practice or procedure of the Supreme Court shall
be followed and adopted as nearly as may be”. The Rules are silent as to how
personal service may be effected and whether this includes service in a manner
as may be agreed between the parties. Therefore, by s 11 of the Bankruptcy Act
(‘the Act’), the practice of the Supreme Court in this regard that is embodied
in O 62 r 3 of the Rules of Court should be followed. In any case, O 1 r 2(4)
is qualified by O 1 r 2(5) of the Rules of Court which provides that O 1 r
2(4) shall not be taken as affecting any provision by which the Rules of Court
are applied. Applying O 1 r 2(5) to the instant case, O 1 r 2(4) does not
affect s 11 of the Act pursuant to which O 62 r 3 of the Rules of Court may be
applied to bankruptcy proceedings. In addition, r 96(1) of the Rules requires
reasonable steps to be taken to effect service and service by the very method
that parties have mutually agreed to must be considered such reasonable steps.
Consequently, I am of the opinion that leaving the statutory demand at the
forwarding agent’s address according to the agreement between the parties
amounts to proper personal service of the statutory demand.

6 If I am wrong in this conclusion, I am of the view that HSBC has effected
proper substituted service of the statutory demand pursuant to r 96(4)(c) of
the Rules by advertising a notice of the statutory demand. Mr Keong argued
that the service by advertisement was bad on two grounds. First, r 96(4)(c)
states that service by advertisement should only be attempted if service
cannot be effected by posting or forwarding by prepaid post to the last known
address of the debtor and since HSBC knew what Sulistyo’s last known addresses
were, they were not entitled to effect service by advertisement. Secondly,
even if service by advertisement was appropriate, the advertisement of the
notice of the statutory demand, taken out by HSBC was bad. This is because r
96(4)(c) requires the advertisement of the entire statutory demand and not
merely a notice of the same, pursuant to the decision of Rajendran J in _Wong
Kwei Cheong v ABN-AMRO Bank NV_ [2002] 3 SLR 594.

7 In _Wong Kwei Cheong_ , the petitioning creditor made three unsuccessful
attempts to serve the demand at the debtor’s last known address. The premises
were locked on all three occasions and a property tax search showed that the
debtor was not the owner of the premises. The petitioning creditor effected
service by advertisement despite being in contact with the debtor’s
solicitors. Rajendran J held that such service was bad because they could have
effected service by posting or sending by prepaid post to the last known
address of the debtor or alternatively, they should have contacted the
debtor’s solicitors. His Honour went on to state that even if the petitioning
creditor could rely on service by advertisement, its advertisement of the
notice of the statutory demand did not comply with r 96(4)(c) which required
the advertisement of the whole statutory demand.

8 Mr Andrew Chan, who acted for HSBC, argued that I was not bound to follow
the proposition in _Wong Kwei Cheong_ that an advertisement of a statutory
demand must be an advertisement of the whole statutory demand because that
point was not argued in that case. He cited Cross and Harris on _Precedents in
English Law_ , at p 158 that if a proposition of law, though implicit in a
decision, was never expressly stated either in argument or in the judgment,
the decision is not binding authority for it.

9 Mr Chan urged me to interpret the phrase “advertisement of the statutory
demand” in r 96(4)(c) to include the advertisement of a notice of a statutory
demand. He relied on r 96(6) of the Rules that provides that method of
substituted service employed must be one that the court would order and
contended that, in the circumstances, the court would have ordered
advertisement of the notice of the statutory demand. He also raised the
argument that, in the case of substituted service of writs, the court may make
an order that the notice of the writ be advertised and not the entire writ,
pursuant to O 62 r 5 of the Rules of Court. Finally, Mr Chan referred to the
practice under the old bankruptcy regime before the amendments to the Rules in
1995. Rule 97 of the old Bankruptcy Rules, 1990 Ed, states that a bankruptcy
notice shall be served in the like manner as is by these Rules prescribed for
the service of a creditors’ petition. Rule 109(1) read with Form 15 of the old
rules provide for service of a petition or bankruptcy notice by advertising a
notice of the petition or bankruptcy notice. He submitted that the position
with respect to the requirements in relation to content of the advertisement
remains unchanged with r 96.

10 In my view, Mr Chan is right in his conclusion that I am not bound by the
decision of _Wong Kwei Cheong_ to rule that substituted service of a statutory
demand by advertisement can only be effected by the advertisement of the
entire demand. Mr Chan based his conclusion on the fact that this issue had
not been argued before the court in _Wong Kwei Cheong_. I reach the same
conclusion on the basis that the portion of the decision that the entire
statutory demand must be advertised to effect good service did not form part
of the _ratio decidendi_ of the case. This was made clear by Rajendran J
himself in the subsequent decision of _United Overseas Bank Ltd v Ishak Bin
Ismail_ [2003] 3 SLR 302. In that case, His Honour stated that the _ratio
decidendi_ of his decision in _Wong Kwei Cheong_ was that the petitioning
creditors were not entitled to rely on service by advertisement when they had
chosen to ignore a more effective and appropriate way to effect service
through contacting the debtor’s solicitors.

11 The phrase “advertisement of the statutory demand” in r 96(4)(c) is capable
of both meanings that the parties have sought to ascribe to it. While a
literal reading of r 96(4)(c) will result in the conclusion that the entire
statutory demand has to be advertised to effect good service, a purposive
interpretation of the sub-rule supports the conclusion that the advertisement
of the notice of a statutory demand is also an “advertisement of the statutory
demand”. The objective of r 96 is expressed in r 96(1) _ie_ to ensure that
creditors take all reasonable steps to bring the statutory demand to the
attention of the debtor. This is also the reason why r 96(6) provides that the
mode of substituted service should be one that the court would have ordered in
the circumstances, being a reasonable step to bring the statutory demand to
the notice of the debtor. The purpose of r 96(4)(c) is therefore to ensure
that a creditor takes reasonable steps to ensure that the statutory demand is
brought to the notice of the debtor by advertisement.

12 I am of the view that this purpose may be fulfilled by the advertisement of
a notice of the statutory demand. It is not disputed that substituted service
of documents to be served pursuant to the Rules of Court and bankruptcy
petitions may be served by an advertisement of the notice of the documents.
Service of bankruptcy notices under the old bankruptcy rules may also be
effected by the advertisement of a notice of the bankruptcy notice. The
advertisement of the notice of a document has been treated, in other contexts,
as a reasonable step in bringing the document to the attention of the person
to be served. I see no reason for the service of a statutory demand to be
treated any differently. In the result, I agree with Mr Chan that the
expression “advertisement of a statutory demand” in r 96(4)(c) includes the
advertisement of a notice of the statutory demand.

13  I return to the facts in the present case. HSBC would be entitled to
advertise a notice of the statutory demand if it met the pre-condition of r
96(4)(c), _ie_ they did not know Sulistyo’s address. According to the
affidavit of service filed, the process server made four attempts of service
at the River Valley address. On two occasions, there was no response and on
the other two occasions, an occupant told him that the debtor was not staying
there. He also made three attempts at the Meyer Road address and on all three
occasions, he was told that the debtor did not reside at the premises. In the
circumstances, as personal service could not be effected and HSBC did not know
Sulistyo’s address, it was entitled to rely on the advertisement of the notice
of the statutory demand to bring the statutory demand to his attention.

14 As I am of the view that service of the statutory demand by HSBC was
properly effected by leaving the statutory demand at the address of Sulistyo’s
forwarding agent or by the advertisement of the notice of the statutory
demand, it is unnecessary for me to consider the validity of HSBC’s last mode
of service, _ie_ leaving the statutory demand at the Meyer Road and River
Valley addresses.

15 Sulistyo’s other objection to the bankruptcy order being made is that this
court does not have the jurisdiction under s 60(1) of the Act to make the
order. In brief, I do not see the merit of this objection. It is not disputed
that Sulistyo held substantial shareholdings in various Singapore companies.
This amounts to having property in Singapore. HSBC is entitled to present a
bankruptcy petition against Sulistyo and rely on the ground that Sulistyo has
property in Singapore to found jurisdiction pursuant to s 60(1)(b) of the Act.

16 I am satisfied that all the other requirements for a bankruptcy order to be
made against Sulistyo have been fulfilled in the present case and accordingly,
I made the bankruptcy order against him.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 04 Oct 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

