Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Caines Colin  
[2004] SGHC 250

Case Number | : | OS 959/2004, NM 63/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 08 November 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tay Yong Kwang J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leslie Phua Oei Heong (Phua Wai Partnership) for applicant; Respondent absent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Caines Colin   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Advocate and solicitor convicted on
four charges of criminal breach of trust – Whether show cause order should be
made absolute – Appropriate order to be made – Section 83 Legal Profession Act
(Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed)  
  

8 November 2004

Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1 This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
to make absolute an order to show cause under s 98(5) of the Legal Profession
Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the LPA”). The respondent, Colin Caines, did not
attend the hearing. After hearing counsel for the Law Society, we granted the
application and ordered the respondent to be struck off the roll of advocates
and solicitors. We now give our reasons.

**Facts**

2 The facts of this case were undisputed. The respondent was an advocate and
solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore. At all material times, he was
practising as a sole proprietor in the firm M/s Khosa & Caines (“the firm”).

3 On 6 June 2002, the Commercial Affairs Department received a complaint
against the respondent from one of his clients, Diana Chan Sun Sun (“Diana
Chan”), alleging that he had misappropriated moneys entrusted to him as a
stakeholder. Subsequent investigations revealed that the respondent had made a
number of unauthorised withdrawals from the firm’s clients’ account. The
account was finally closed on 31 December 2001 with a nil balance, and no
restitution was made to any of the respondent’s clients.

4 On 2 September 2002, the respondent pleaded guilty and was convicted on four
charges of criminal breach of trust under s 409 of the Penal Code (Cap 224,
1985 Rev Ed). The facts relating to each of the four charges are briefly set
out below.

**_The first charge (DAC 30465/02)_**

5 The respondent acted for Diana Chan and Richard Kong Guan Huat in the sale
of their matrimonial property. He was appointed as stakeholder of the sale
proceeds pending a decision from the court as to the division of the moneys.
On or about 4 July 2001, the respondent received a $2,000 deposit from the
purchaser. A further $180,410.51 was received on 29 September 2001, and the
total sum of $182,410.51 was deposited into the firm’s clients’ account.
However, instead of retaining the money on behalf of his clients, the
respondent dishonestly misappropriated it to his own use.

**_The third charge (DAC 34120/02)_**

6 The respondent was engaged by Lim Wong Choong (“Lim”) to represent him in a
third party claim for damages from NTUC Income Insurance Cooperative Limited
(“NTUC”) after Lim’s vehicle was involved in an accident. On or about 29
August 2001, NTUC paid the respondent $8,200 as settlement for Lim’s claim.
The money was deposited into the firm’s clients’ account, but was later
withdrawn by the respondent to pay for his personal debts and expenses.

**_The fifth charge (DAC 34122/02)_**

7 The respondent also represented Yeo Soh Choo (“Yeo”) in her third party
claim for damages arising from a traffic accident. The insurance company,
India International Insurance Pte Ltd, paid the respondent $4,500 as partial
settlement of Yeo’s claim on or about 11 April 2001. On 16 June 2001, a
further $440 was received. The total sum of $4,940 was also misappropriated by
the respondent.

**_The eleventh charge (DAC 34128/02)_**

8 The respondent acted for Fortunecom, which was sued by Nokia Corporation and
Nokia Mobile Phones Ltd (collectively referred to as “Nokia”) over their
unauthorised use of the “Nokia” trademark. Fortunecom agreed to pay $4,000 to
Nokia to settle the legal proceedings, and the respondent persuaded
Fortunecom’s representative to make the payment in cash. On or about 19 July
2001, Fortunecom entrusted the respondent with $4,000 cash. Instead of paying
the money over to Nokia, the respondent kept the money for himself.

9 All in all, the respondent dishonestly misappropriated at least $199,550.51
of his clients’ moneys. Seven other charges were also taken into consideration
for sentencing purposes. In mitigation before the district judge, the
respondent highlighted his contributions to the Law Society, his remorse by
pleading guilty at the first available opportunity and his medical history.
Balancing these factors with the seriousness of the offences, the substantial
amounts of money involved and the respondent’s failure to make restitution,
the district judge sentenced him to three years’ imprisonment on the first
charge and 12 months’ imprisonment on each of the remaining charges. The
sentences for the first and third charges were ordered to run consecutively,
bringing his total sentence to four years’ imprisonment.

**The show cause proceedings**

10 As the respondent was convicted of offences involving fraud and dishonesty,
the Law Society was obliged under s 94A of the LPA to make an application for
him to show cause as to why he should not be dealt with under s 83(1). The Law
Society argued that due cause had been shown under s 83(2)(a) of the LPA,
which provides that:

Such due cause may be shown by proof that an advocate and solicitor has been
convicted of a criminal offence, implying a defect of character which makes
him unfit for his profession.

11 Section 83(6) of the LPA clearly states that this court must accept the
respondent’s conviction as final and conclusive. It was thus not open to
either the respondent or this court to go behind his convictions: _Re Mohomed
Jiffry Muljee_ [1994] 3 SLR 520; _Law Society of Singapore v Narmal Singh_
[1996] 2 SLR 184.

12 Of course, it does not follow that every conviction of a criminal offence
implies a defect of character that renders an advocate and solicitor unfit for
his profession: _Law Society of Singapore v Wong Sin Yee_ [2003] 3 SLR 209.
The nature of the offence, and the circumstances in which it was committed,
must be scrutinised. Nonetheless, the facts of the present case were
straightforward. The respondent had deliberately betrayed the trust of his
clients and misappropriated their money for his personal use. Given that the
offences involved dishonesty committed in his capacity as an advocate and
solicitor, that was sufficient in itself to demonstrate that due cause had
been shown: _Law Society of Singapore v Loh Wai Mun Daniel_ [2004] 2 SLR 261.

**Appropriate order to be made**

13 We then turned to consider the appropriate order to be made under s 83(1)
of the LPA, which reads:

All advocates and solicitors shall be subject to the control of the Supreme
Court and shall be liable on due cause shown to be struck off the roll or
suspended from practice for any period not exceeding 5 years or censured.

14 The respondent was not present to make submissions on any mitigating
factors. In any case, we found that any mitigating factors, even if present,
would have been of little avail. Where a solicitor has been convicted of a
criminal offence, the court has almost invariably, no matter how strong the
mitigating factors, chosen to strike the offending solicitor off the roll:
_Law Society of Singapore v Loh Wai Mun Daniel_ , following _Law Society of
Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ [1996] 1 SLR 696.

15 While the mitigating factors raised by the respondent before the district
judge may have been relevant to the criminal proceedings, they did not carry
the same weight in this disciplinary action. While criminal proceedings are
essentially punitive in nature, disciplinary action under s 83 of the LPA
serves a variety of functions. Besides punishment of the errant solicitor,
disciplinary action is also aimed at deterring other like-minded solicitors
from similar defaults and ensuring the protection of public confidence in the
administration of justice: _Law Society of Singapore v Tham Yu Xian Rick_
[1999] 4 SLR 168. In a case where an advocate and solicitor has been convicted
of a criminal offence involving dishonesty, the paramount considerations must
be the protection of the public and the preservation of the good name of the
profession: _Law Society of Singapore v Ezekiel Caleb Charles James_ [2004] 2
SLR 256, following _Law Society of Singapore v Wee Wei Fen_ [2000] 1 SLR 234.

16 These considerations weighed heavily in our minds in the present case.
Solicitors are frequently entrusted with large amounts of money as part of
their professional obligations, and members of the public must have confidence
in the integrity of the solicitors in whom they repose so much of their trust.
This confidence has been shaken by the recent spate of incidents involving
errant solicitors who, blinded by avarice and desperation, have completely
disregarded their professional obligations and chosen to steal from the very
people whose interests they are meant to protect. Given the worrying
prevalence of such deplorable conduct, we found it necessary to send a strong
message that such misbehaviour would not be tolerated. As L P Thean JA opined
in _Re Nirmal Singh s/o Fauja Singh_ [2001] 3 SLR 608 at [20]:

The court must be every bit as jealous of the honour of those admitted to the
Singapore legal profession as a man is of his own reputation, for the
integrity of the profession is dependant wholly on the character and virtue of
its members. At the same time, we must be conscious of the ever-compelling
need to protect the public from errant lawyers and the serious harm which such
lawyers could inflict on the public and the reputation of the legal
profession.

17 The respondent’s conduct in the present case warranted nothing less than a
striking-off order. The amounts he misappropriated were substantial and could
hardly be dismissed as isolated incidents. He was convicted of four charges,
and no less than seven other charges were taken into consideration for
sentencing. He had obviously embarked on a deliberate and dishonest scheme to
defraud his clients and, to this day, has failed to make restitution to any
one of them. The practice of law is an honourable profession that demands the
highest degree of integrity and trustworthiness from its members. The
respondent’s appalling conduct demonstrated that he was entirely unfit to
remain on the roll of advocates and solicitors. In our opinion, the only
appropriate order was one of striking the respondent off the roll of advocates
and solicitors.

**Conclusion**

18 In the event, we made absolute the order to show cause and ordered the
respondent to be struck off the roll. We further ordered that he should bear
the costs of these proceedings.

Order accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 08 Nov 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

