Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Law Society of Singapore v Yap Shao Sin Philip  
[2004] SGHC 252

Case Number | : | OS 965/2004  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 09 November 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Chao Hick Tin JA; Tay Yong Kwang J; Yong Pung How CJ   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Leslie Phua Oei Heong (Phua Wai Partnership) for applicant; Respondent absent   
Parties | : |  Law Society of Singapore — Yap Shao Sin Philip   
  
Legal Profession – Show cause action – Advocate and solicitor convicted of
criminal breach of trust – Weight to be given to mitigating factors –
Appropriate order to be made – Section 83(1) Legal Profession Act (Cap 161,
2001 Rev Ed), s 409 Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed)  
  

9 November 2004

Yong Pung How CJ (delivering the judgment of the court):

1  This was an application by the Law Society of Singapore (“the Law Society”)
under s 98(5) of the Legal Profession Act (Cap 161, 2001 Rev Ed) (“the Act”)
to make absolute an order to show cause. We granted the application and
ordered the respondent, Philip Yap Shao Sin, to be struck off the roll of
advocates and solicitors. We now set out our reasons.

**Facts**

2  The facts of this case were undisputed. The respondent was an advocate and
solicitor of the Supreme Court of Singapore. At all material times, he was
practising as a sole proprietor in the firm of M/s Philip Yap & Partners.

3 Sometime in 1993, Lim Jew Kann (“the complainant”) and his father Lim Hong
Min (“the victim”) decided to purchase a private apartment, which was proposed
to be erected at No 5 Jalan Masjid #04-03, Kembangan Court, Singapore. They
applied to the Overseas Union Bank for a loan. They were recommended to
appoint the respondent as their solicitor to transact all subsequent matters
relating to the purchase of the apartment.

4 Towards the end of 1993, the victim executed a purchase agreement with the
apartment developer, LKN Development Pte Ltd. Following this, the complainant
and the victim met the respondent at his law firm, whereupon the respondent
asked for the sum of $31,200.52. He explained that $7,255.02 of this were his
legal fees, $22,145.50 were the stamp fees and $1,800 were the survey fees
required to purchase the apartment.

5 The victim agreed to the amount and thereupon issued a cheque for the
$31,200.52, made payable to the respondent’s law firm.

6 The respondent banked the victim’s cheque at the Bank of China to open a
current account in his own name. After that, he made use of the victim’s money
to make payments, all of which were either for the payment of the respondent’s
personal credit card bills or for his personal cash withdrawals.

7  In August 1996, the victim received, via courier service, documents
relating to his purchase of the apartment and a note, addressed to him by the
respondent, stating that the respondent had ceased acting for the victim in
relation to the purchase of the apartment. Subsequently, in December 1996, the
victim received a letter from the developer stating that they had yet to
receive the stamp fees from the respondent amounting to $19,232. This was to
have been the final payment to complete the purchase of the apartment.

8 The complainant lodged a police report alleging that the victim had paid a
sum of $31,200.52 to the respondent for the purchase of a private apartment
but that the respondent had failed to fulfil his responsibility as the lawyer
and had not repaid any money to the complainant.

9 The respondent was charged with committing criminal breach of trust under s
409 of the Penal Code (Cap 224, 1985 Rev Ed). The charge read:

You, Philip Yap Shao Sin, Male 42 years, NRIC No S 1424518/I, are charged that
you, between 16th November 1993 and 14th February 1994, in Singapore, being
entrusted with a certain property, to wit cash amounting to S$19,232, in the
way of your business as an attorney, did commit criminal breach of trust in
respect of such property, by dishonestly converting the said amount of cash to
your own use, and you have thereby committed an offence punishable under
section 409 of the Penal Code, Chapter 224.

10 On 5 March 2003, the respondent pleaded guilty in a district court to the
charge, and on 25 April 2003, he was sentenced by the district judge to 12
months’ imprisonment.

**The show cause proceedings**

11 As the respondent was convicted of an offence involving dishonesty, the Law
Society in accordance with s 94A(1) of the Act applied under s 98(1) for and
obtained an order that the respondent be made to show cause why he should not
be dealt with under the provisions of s 83(1) of the Act. Under s 83(1), an
errant advocate and solicitor can be struck off the roll, suspended from
practice or censured, if due cause has been shown. The respondent was not
represented, nor was he present at the hearing to make any submissions before
us on this point.

12 Under s 83(6), a court of three judges must accept the respondent’s
conviction as final and conclusive: _Law Society of Singapore v Junaini bin
Manin_ [2004] SGHC 200 (“ _Junaini bin Manin_ ”); _Law Society of Singapore v
Loh Wai Mun Daniel_ [2004] 2 SLR 261 (“ _Loh Wai Mun Daniel_ ”). The sole
question for the court’s determination is what consequences should flow from
the fact that the respondent had committed the offences for which he was
convicted: _Law Society of Singapore v Wee Wei Fen_ [2000] 1 SLR 234 (“ _Wee
Wei Fen_ ”).

13 Section 83(2)(a) provides that due cause may be shown by proof that an
advocate and solicitor “has been convicted of a criminal offence, _implying a
defect of character which makes him unfit for his profession_ ” [emphasis
added]. The fact that the respondent was convicted of an offence involving
dishonesty committed in his capacity as advocate and solicitor was, in itself,
sufficient for the court to determine that due cause had been shown under s
83(2)(a): _Loh Wai Mun Daniel_ and _Law Society of Singapore v Sarjit Singh
s/o Mehar Singh_ [2004] SGHC 51. As such, the sole issue that concerned this
court was the determination of the appropriate order to be made under s 83(1)
of the Act.

**Appropriate order to be made**

14 It is well established that where a solicitor has been convicted of a
criminal offence involving fraud or dishonesty, the court has almost
invariably, no matter how strong the mitigating factors, chosen to strike a
solicitor off the roll: _Law Society of Singapore v Ravindra Samuel_ [1999] 1
SLR 696, followed in _Loh Wai Mun Daniel_ and _Junaini bin Manin_.

15 Such a conviction unquestionably carries with it an implication that the
respondent lacked the level of integrity and trustworthiness required of a
solicitor. In this case, the respondent dishonestly converted funds, that the
victim had entrusted to him, for his personal use. As a result, he had
violated the trust that had been placed in him as the victim’s solicitor.

16 The court also took into account the fact that this dishonest act had been
committed in the capacity of an advocate and solicitor, and deserved to be
dealt with accordingly: _Re Mohomed Jiffry Muljee_ [1994] 3 SLR 520; _Law
Society of Singapore v Tham Yu Xian Rick_ [1999] 4 SLR 168; _Wee Wei Fen_ ;
_Junaini_ _bin Manin_. There was no reason to depart from the norm.

17 The respondent was not present at the hearing to make any submissions on
mitigating factors. However, the presence of mitigating factors would have
been of little avail. The settled position is that in cases of proven
dishonesty, mitigating factors do not tilt the balance towards the more
lenient sanctions of suspension or of censure except where they are consistent
with the objectives of preserving the good name of the legal profession and of
the protection of the public: _Law Society of Singapore v Ezekiel Caleb
Charles James_ [2004] 2 SLR 256; _Re Knight Glenn Jeyasingam_ [1994] 3 SLR
531. Indeed, where a case involves an offender of proven dishonesty, the
weight to be attached to a plea in mitigation is negligible and a striking off
will be the consequence as a matter of course: _Tham Yu Xian Rick_ ; _Loh Wai
Mun Daniel_.

18 For the foregoing reasons, we granted the Law Society’s application to make
the show cause order absolute, and ordered the respondent to be struck off the
roll. We further ordered that he should bear the costs of these proceedings.

Order accordingly.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 09 Nov 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

