Judgment Download PDF PDF X Close Window Judgments Homepage

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

## Scotts Investments (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) v
Jumabhoy Ameerali R and Others  
[2004] SGHC 20

Case Number | : | Suit 736/2002  
---|---|---  
Decision Date | : | 05 February 2004  
Tribunal/Court | : | High Court  
Coram | : |  Choo Han Teck J   
Counsel Name(s) | : |  Harish Kumar and Linda Ong (Engelin Teh Practice LLC) for plaintiff; Tan Bar Tien and Winston Quek (BT Tan and Co) for the third defendant   
Parties | : |  Scotts Investments (Singapore) Pte Ltd (in compulsory liquidation) — Jumabhoy Ameerali R; Iqbal Jumabhoy; Rafiq Jumabhoy   
  
Companies – Directors – Remuneration – Where a board resolution stated that
director was to be paid all costs and expenses incurred, whether that included
payment of his fees on time costs or on a quantum meruit basis – Whether
director had discharged his burden of proving meaning of the words in board
resolution entitling him to costs and expenses.  
  
Words and Phrases – 'Costs and expenses' – Whether the ordinary dictionary
meaning of words was helpful – Whether words had to be construed in their
context.  
  

1 This action before me concerned the counterclaim of Rafiq Jumabhoy, who was
the third defendant in the action brought by the liquidators of Scotts
Investments (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“SIS”) against Ameerali R Jumabhoy, Iqbal
Jumabhoy, and Rafiq Jumabhoy. The liquidators’ claim had been discontinued.
Rafiq Jumabhoy’s claim here was for payment of his fees based on his time
costs, or alternatively, payment on a _quantum meruit_ basis; and secondly,
for costs and expenses incurred by him on behalf of SIS, including the legal
fees of various law firms.

2 Rafiq Jumabhoy’s claim was based solely on the ground that the board of
directors of SIS had passed resolutions and issued letters of indemnities to
that effect. The facts were not complicated but some necessary references had
to be made to the history of the Jumabhoy family dispute that began publicly
in 1995 in Suit No 1801 of 1995. In that action, Rajabali Jumabhoy together
with two of his sons, Yusuf and Mustafa, sued his other son, Ameerali (the
father of Rafiq Jumabhoy), Iqbal Jumabhoy (Rafiq’s brother) and Rafiq Jumabhoy
himself. A side issue concerning an alleged share option in favour of Rafiq
Jumabhoy turned him against his brother, Iqbal. Rafiq Jumabhoy subsequently
switched allegiance in the family dispute to the Rajabali-Mustafa-Yusuf camp
and, Ameerali and Iqbal brought an application to put SIS under receivership.
That application was filed on 12 April 1996. That might have consequently
worsened the financial problems of SIS, when its creditor-banks became,
understandably, even more nervous. SIS was only a holding company which held
shares in Scotts Holdings Ltd and various subsidiary companies such as Lion
City Holdings Pte Ltd. Thus, with no trading or any substantial or active
business, it had long not required a manager or managing director. However,
because of the family dispute in court and with creditors making demands,
action was needed.

3 Yusuf Jumabhoy and Rafiq Jumabhoy were authorised by board resolutions of 27
July 1996 and 6 August 1996 to take appropriate action to preserve the
company. The two resolutions were identical in wording except that they
concerned two different companies. One referred to Lion City Holdings Pte Ltd
(“LCH”) and the other to Scotts Holdings Ltd. The relevant portions of the
wording of the resolution is important and I set it out in full:

IT WAS RESOLVED THAT

without prejudice to their respective rights and the rights of the other
plaintiffs and/or defendants under the various suits which have been filed and
further reserving the rights of some of the Company [SIS] directors
challenging the legality of the investment in LCH and the guarantees provided
to LCH by the Company pursuant to Article 112 of the Articles of Association
of the Company Mr Yusuf Jumabhoy and Mr Rafiq Jumabhoy be appointed from among
the directors of the Company to review the Company’s investment in LCH to
determine the steps (if any) to be taken by the Company to safeguard the
Company’s investment in LCH and all amounts owing to the Company or guaranteed
by Company for the debts of LCH and to exercise all the powers of the Board in
connection therewith and all things incidental thereto including without
limitation:

(a) deciding all questions, taking all steps required and approving all
matters to give effect to such steps as they may agree to take _vis-à-vis_ LCH
pursuant to their review;

(b) obtaining such reports or other data as they may deem necessary to assist
them in their review and in determining the steps to be taken _vis-à-vis_ LCH;

(c) instructing M/s Rajah & Tann as solicitors for the Company, and any other
professional advisers (including auditors) or any third party on all matters
relating to LCH and to settle the terms of their appointment; and

(d) exercising all discretion and doing all acts and things necessary or
expedient to give effect to all matters referred to in this resolution,

and the Company shall indemnify Mr Yusuf Jumabhoy and Mr Rafiq Jumabhoy for
all costs and expenses incurred by them (or each of them) personally in
respect of their appointment.

That M/s Rajah & Tann be appointed as the Company’s solicitors to act for the
Company in relation to all matters regarding LCH and that they be entitled to
take instructions from Mr Yusuf Jumabhoy and/or Mr Rafiq Jumabhoy in relation
to all such matters.

4 Rafiq Jumabhoy claimed payment for his “time costs” involved in working for
the board pursuant to the above resolutions. Although there was no evidence of
what his time costs were, he suggested in his evidence-in-chief that the court
should award him a sum of $916,275 being the total time cost at the rate of
$2,850 a day. He averred that this sum was reasonable because it was between
that charged by one Don Ho ($3,200) and one Andrew Smith (of Haddington
Investment Pte Ltd) who charged $2,500 a day. These were two professional
consultants engaged to help SIS before Rafiq Jumabhoy and Yusuf Jumabhoy took
over under the said resolutions. Rafiq Jumabhoy also claimed $161,934.68 being
legal costs paid by him as well as $2,100 for travelling expenses.

5 As I had mentioned, Rafiq Jumabhoy’s claims were based on the above said
resolutions and indemnities and nothing more. In support of his claim,
however, he produced a letter dated 14 May 1996 which he wrote to Yusuf
Jumabhoy (not to the board of SIS). In that letter he offered his services to
SIS and asked for a fixed monthly pay of $25,000. There was no written reply
to that letter but Rafiq Jumabhoy claimed that he spoke to Yusuf Jumabhoy
about it over the telephone and that Yusuf had agreed to the terms of that
letter. Consequently, he alleged, the resolutions were based on those terms.
Yusuf Jumabhoy’s evidence in court was that Rafiq did call but he (Yusuf) had
told him that the letter of 14 May 1996 was “nonsense”. I am inclined to
accept Yusuf Jumabhoy’s version. The rest of the evidence supported Yusuf
Jumabhoy’s version. First, no mention was made in the resolution to either the
letter of 14 May 1996, or the specific terms such as payment of $25,000 a
month to Rafiq Jumabhoy. Secondly, if the resolutions were passed on the basis
of that letter, why would the board agree to change the payment terms from a
fixed sum of $25,000 to a non-specified rate of time-costs (which Rafiq
Jumabhoy had said might work out to even more than $25,000)? Thirdly, a
further letter written by Rafiq Jumabhoy dated 18 May 1996 to Yusuf Jumabhoy
was produced in which Rafiq Jumabhoy referred to his conversation with Andrew
Smith where he told Andrew Smith that he was still awaiting a response from
Yusuf Jumabhoy to his earlier (14 May 1996) letter.

6 Mr Tan Bar Tien, counsel for Rafiq Jumabhoy, referred me to various
dictionaries (including _Black’s Law Dictionary_ , _The New Shorter Oxford
English Dictionary_ , and _The Law Lexicon_) in the hope of persuading me that
the words “costs” as well as “expenses” are wide enough to include payment of
time charges for services rendered. Dictionary meanings of common words are
always helpful, but when a document is being challenged in court as to what
the words in it mean, the general and wide ambit of dictionary meanings can be
misleading instead of enlightening. In a wide, literary, and even economic,
sense, Rafiq Jumabhoy’s time can, of course, be valuable and thus amount to a
“cost” to himself being time spent doing work for someone else. But we are
here construing words from documents in order to establish legal rights,
obligations, and liabilities. The issue was whether Rafiq Jumabhoy, a director
of SIS, was entitled to be paid for his services rendered to SIS (during the
relevant time) on a proper construction of the board resolutions and letters
of indemnities.

7 Words derive their meaning specifically from their context. In this case,
the context extended beyond the resolutions themselves, and must include the
circumstances of the company at the time. The key fact that neither party
disputed was that SIS was in financial difficulties. It might have assets but
how much and how quickly they could have been realised was complicated and
uncertain. The family was at war within itself and even Rafiq Jumabhoy could
not count on a majority support in all matters concerning the company. The
simple question was, “Should Rafiq Jumabhoy be paid $25,000 a month or his
time costs (which might be more than $25,000 a month)?” Had that question been
put directly to the board (as it should have), I doubt that the board would
have agreed without debate. Nothing of that kind, whether the proposition,
debate or resolution, was in evidence. The words “costs and expenses” in the
context of indemnifying a company director delegated to perform specific tasks
by the board, ordinarily means that the director would be covered for all out-
of-pocket expenses. It would not include a director’s remuneration which must
be specifically approved by the board. See _In re Richmond Gate Property Co
Ltd_ [1965] 1 WLR 335. That case was also authority for the proposition that a
director is not entitled to a _quantum meruit_ payment. The common
dictionaries may not have all these qualifications because such details are
matters of company law. The burden of proving that the directors had discussed
the unusual meaning that Rafiq Jumabhoy wanted me to find was, of course, on
Rafiq Jumabhoy. Not only Yusuf Jumabhoy, but also the wording of the
resolutions, contradict Rafiq’s interpretation. He could, of course, have
summoned the other members to verify his position but he did not. The
resolution of 27 July 1996 in this present case was passed with eight persons
in attendance, including Philip Loong, the company secretary, and one other
person who was not a member of the Jumabhoy family. The resolution of 6 August
1996 was passed with seven persons in attendance. It could be that they were
not likely to be enthusiastic about it, but the fact remains that they were
material witnesses; and one must assume that they will tell the truth.
However, should they turn hostile, the party calling them is entitled to apply
to cross-examine them. But by not calling them at all, the party who required
them runs the risk that the court may not be satisfied that the burden of
proof had been discharged. That was indeed the case here. Apart from Rafiq
Jumabhoy’s own account which was directly refuted by Yusuf Jumabhoy, there was
no other evidence remaining in his favour. The thrust of Mr Tan’s submission
lay in reliance on dictionaries and a couple of cases that were not relevant.
_Maritime Services Board of New South Wales v Posiden Navigation Incorporated_
[1982] 1 NSWLR 72, for example, concerned the payment of compensation arising
out of a statutory liability, namely the Prevention of Oil Pollution of
Navigable Waters Act, 1960 (New South Wales).

8 Weighing all the evidence and taking the circumstances and context into
account, I am not satisfied that Rafiq Jumabhoy had sufficiently discharged
the burden of proof on him. His claim for payment of his time costs was,
therefore, dismissed. However, as I had alluded to them earlier, the words
“costs and expenses” clearly meant that he would be reimbursed if he had
incurred any out-of-pocket expenses on behalf of SIS. I, therefore, ordered an
inquiry to determine if any such costs and expenses had, in fact, been
incurred.

9 The third defendant’s counterclaim was therefore dismissed save for the
inquiry as to out-of-pocket expenses paid on behalf of SIS.

Copyright © Government of Singapore.

![Back to Top](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/icon-1-1-1.svg)

This judgment text has undergone conversion so that it is mobile and web-
friendly. This may have created formatting or alignment issues. Please refer
to the PDF copy for a print-friendly version.

Version No 0: 05 Feb 2004 (00:00 hrs)

  * ©  SUPREME COURT 
  * ![Mail](/gd/Content/themes/supct/ic-mail.png)SUBSCRIBE TO SUPREME COURT 

  * REPORT VULNERABILITY
  * TERMS OF USE
  * PRIVACY STATEMENT
  * SUPPORTED BROWSERS

Last updated: 16 Jan 2024

![](/gd/images/gd-dashboard/powered-by.png)

